 TY KU /taɪkuː/ is an American alcoholic beverage company that specializes in sake and other spirits. The privately-held company was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in New York City New York. While based in New York TY KU's beverages are made in Japan through a joint venture with two sake breweries. Since 2011 TY KU's growth has extended its products into all 50 states.
 OddLot Entertainment founded in 2001 by longtime producers Gigi Pritzker and Deborah Del Prete (The Wedding Planner) is a film production and financing company based in Culver City California.OddLot produced the film version of Orson Scott Card's sci-fi novel Ender's Game. A film version of this novel had been in the works in one form or another for more than a decade by the time of its release.
 Henkel AG & Company KGaA operates worldwide with leading brands and technologies in three business areas: Laundry & Home Care Beauty Care and Adhesive Technologies. Henkel is the name behind some of America’s favorite brands.
 The GOAT Store (Games Of All Type Store) LLC is one of the largest retro gaming online stores and an Independent Video Game Publishing Label. Additionally they are one of the primary sponsors for Midwest Gaming Classic.
 RagWing Aircraft Designs (also called the RagWing Aeroplane Company and RagWing Aviation) was an American aircraft design and manufacturing company based in Belton South Carolina.
 Pošte Srpske is one of three companies responsible for postal service in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The other two are BH Pošta and Hrvatska Pošta Mostar.
 Open Kernel Labs (OK Labs) is a privately owned company that develops microkernel-based hypervisors and operating systems for embedded systems. The company was founded in 2006 by Steve Subar and Gernot Heiser as a spinout from NICTA. It is headquartered in Chicago while research and development is located in Sydney Australia. The company was acquired by General Dynamics in September 2012.
 Skye Bank Plc. commonly known as Skye Bank is a commercial bank based in Nigeria. It is one of the twenty-six (26) commercial banks licensed by the Central Bank of Nigeria the country's banking regulator.
 CNet Technology is a Taiwanese company that manufactures network equipment such as network cards switches and modems.
 188BET is an online sportsbook provider. 188BET is owned by Cube Limited which is licensed and regulated by the Isle of Man.
 MEPC plc is a leading British-based property investment and development business. It is headquartered in London. It used to be listed on the London Stock Exchange and was once a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It is however now owned by the British Telecom Pension Fund and the Royal Mail Pension Fund.
 Walter Aircraft Engines was a company that manufactured aircraft engines particularly the M601 turboprop. Based in Prague Czech Republic the company has been a subsidiary of GE Aviation since July 2008.
 Exim Bank is The Export-Import Bank of Romania based in Bucharest.
 Shell Oil Company is the United States-based subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell a multinational oil company (oil major) of Anglo–Dutch origins which is amongst the largest oil companies in the world. Approximately 22000 Shell employees are based in the U.S. The U.S. head office is in Houston Texas.
 Anabolic Video is an American pornographic movie studio headquartered in Chatsworth California. The studio was a pioneer of gonzo pornography and is considered one of the most successful gonzo producers.
 Thon Hotels (formerly known as Rainbow Hotels) is owned by Olav Thon and was established in 1989. The Norwegian Olav Thon bought his first hotel in 1974 Hotel Bristol in Oslo.
 Cook Group Incorporated is an American privately held company based in Bloomington Indiana and primarily involved in manufacturing of medical devices. It was ranked #324 in Forbes' 2008 America's Largest Private Companies. It has three main divisions: Cook Medical Allied Manufacturing and Affiliates. All three divisions are made up of several subsidiary companies.The flagship company Cook Incorporated part of the Medical division was founded in 1963 in a spare bedroom in Bloomington.
 Slumberland Furniture Inc. is a furniture retailer in the Midwestern United States founded in 1967. Originally the company specialized in mattresses and La-Z-Boy recliners. Today Slumberland has 127 stores in 12 states. It is one of America's top sellers of La-Z-Boy upholstery and the top seller of Sealy and Simmons in the Midwest.[citation needed] The headquarters are located in Little Canada Minnesota.
 Outboard Marine Corporation (OMC) was a maker of Evinrude and Johnson boat motors and many different brands of boats. Evinrude began in Milwaukee Wisconsin in 1907. OMC was based in Waukegan Illinois. They also owned several lines of boats such as Chris Craft Lowe Boats Princecraft Four Winns SeaSwirl Stratos and Javelin. OMC was also a parent company to Ryan which made lawn mowers.OMC sold 100000 motors in 2000 and had one third of the outboard market.
 The Moon River Brewing Company is a brew pub - restaurant bar and brewing facility.
 Murfin Music International and Murfin Media are companies run by Muff Murfin and are based at The Old Smithy Studios in Kempsey Worcestershire England.Murfin owns several radio stations in the UK and also hires time at its studios to produce jingles for radio. Murfin with his then music partner Colin Owen were billed as the M and O Band and reached #16 in the UK Singles Chart in March 1976 with Let's Do the Latin Hustle.
 Avista Utilities is a U.S. energy company. Avista generates and transmits electricity and distributes natural gas while providing energy solutions for residential commercial and industrial customers. Approximately 1550[citation needed] employees provides electricity natural gas and other energy services to 359000 electric and 320000 natural gas customers[citation needed] in three western states.
 Korchma Taras Bulba – the chain of restaurants which was developed by Juriy Beloivan in 1999.
 Arçelik A.Ş. is a household appliances manufacturer in Turkey. The Company engages in the production and marketing of durable goods components consumer electronics and after-sale services. Its products include white goods electronic products small home appliances and kitchen accessories such as refrigerators freezers washing machines dishwashers aspirators vacuum cleaners coffee makers and blenders.Arçelik A.Ş.
 Ace of Clubs was owned by Decca Records in the UK and was used to reissue classical music in LP form from their back catalogue at a reduced price. Decca also owned Ace of Hearts Records which did exactly the same job but with US material.
 Aerostar S.A. is an aeronautical manufacturing company based in Bacău Romania.
 Shandong Gaosu Group or Shandong Hi-Speed Group Corporation (Chinese: 山东高速集团有限公司) (SDHS) is a state-owned enterprise in Jinan China engaging in the construction and management of transportation infrastructure throughout the People's Republic of China. SDHS is owned by the Shandong Provincial People's Government and plays a major role developing and managing highways airports and seaports throughout the province.
 Aras Corporation is an American developer and publisher of product development software Aras Innovator. The Aras Innovator software is used for product lifecycle management (PLM) advanced product quality planning (APQP) lean product development product quality control collaborative product development and new product introduction (NPI). Aras Corp was founded in 2000 in Andover Massachusetts.
 Lam Research Corporation is an American corporation that engages in the design manufacture marketing and service of semiconductor processing equipment used in the fabrication of integrated circuits.
 Mataano is a women's fashion line. Founded in 2008 it is owned by Somali-American twin fashion designers Ayaan and Idyl Mohallim. The brand is noted for its global sensibility and accent on ready-to-wear elegance.
 Delek Group is of one Israel's largest companies owned by Yitzhak Tshuva (Isaac Sharon) a self-made multi-millionaire. Delek Group is involved in the energy and infrastructure with investments in upstream and downstream energy water desalination and power plants. Delek Group' subsidiaries are also involved in insurance and financial services.
 Elcoteq SE was a Finnish consumer electronics contract manufacturer EMS and ODM company headquartered in Luxembourg. The company filed for bankruptcy protection in Luxembourg on October 6 2011.It is a manufacturer of the BlackBerry and also performed repair and refurbishment services.
 CSL Behring is one of the world's leading plasma protein biotherapeutics companies. Committed to saving lives and improving the quality of life for people with rare and serious diseases the company manufactures a range of plasma-derived and recombinant therapies worldwide.
 The Pontificia Fonderia Marinelli (or Marinelli Pontifical Foundry Marinelli Bell Foundry) is the successor of a bell foundry already at work in Agnone Italy in 1040. The bell foundry is considered Italy's oldest family business and among the three oldest family businesses worldwide. In addition to a bell foundry it is an artisan foundry that produces bronze portals bas-reliefs church artifacts and bell restorations.
 Black Bear Diner is a restaurant chain in the western United States which serves homestyle and old-fashioned comfort foods. The first restaurant was opened in Mount Shasta California in 1994 founded by Bob and Laurie Manley with help from Bruce Dean. The company is based in Redding California. It now claims 62 locations in eight states.Black Bear decor has a rustic motif with over-the-top bear paraphernalia. Every restaurant is decorated with a 12-foot-tall (3.7 m) black bear carving.
 Outright is a US accounting and bookkeeping application that assists small businesses and sole proprietors with managing their business income and expenses. It also provides them with a means to organize and categorize expenses for filing a Schedule C.
 For the Australian record label of the same name see Spin Records (Australian label).Spin Records was a record label jointly owned by songwriter Otis René and rhythm and blues performer and music arranger Preston Love.
 Crossbeam Systems is headquartered in Boxborough Massachusetts and has offices in Europe Latin America and Asia Pacific. Crossbeam Systems was acquired by Blue Coat Systems in December 2012 and the Crossbeam brand has been fully absorbed into Blue Coat.
 Payden & Rygel is a privately owned investment management firm based in Los Angeles with $85 billion AUM founded in 1983 by Joan Payden. The firm offers a range of mutual funds with debt and public equity based strategies. The firm's economists and portfolio managers have also been quoted by financial news organizations such as the Financial Times The Wall Street Journal and Bloomberg Businessweek.
 Sarpsborg Papp AS was a Norwegian industrial company which ran a packaging plant in Sarpsborg Norway.Founded in 1914 as Sarpsborg Emballagefabrik it was the first corrugated paper factory in Norway. In 1961 the company was acquired by M. Peterson & Søn. It was M.
 Carnival Films is an award winning British television production company based in London UK. It has produced television series for all the major UK networks including the BBC ITV Channel 4 and Sky as well as a number of international broadcasters including PBS A&E HBO and NBC. Its productions vary from single dramas and long-running television drama to feature film and stage productions.
 FTL Games (Faster Than Light) was the video game development division of Software Heaven Inc. FTL created several popular video games in the 1980s and early 1990s. Despite the company's small size FTL products were consistently number-one sellers and received the highest critical acclaim and industry awards.FTL was founded by Wayne Holder in 1982. Holder started Software Heaven and FTL as its game division after founding Oasis Systems which specialized in spell checking software.
 Aller Media is a magazine publisher in the Nordic countries headquartered in Copenhagen Denmark. It publishes Elle Cafe Femina Allers and Se & Hør.
 SOCIS (Ukrainian: TOB „СОЦІС - Центр соціальних та політичних досліджень) is a political sociology company in Ukraine. It was one of the companies that performed rolling and exit polls for Ukrainian elections in 1998 2002 2004 and Ukrainian referendum in 2000. The company has been a member of The Gallup Organization since 1994.
 Arlen Realty & Development Corporation also known as Arlen was an American REIT founded in 1959 by Arthur G. Cohen Arthur N. Levien and Marshall Rose. It is notable as one of the largest publicly traded REIT's in the 1970s. Arlen began by developing suburban shopping centers throughout the country and in 1971 purchased national discount retail chain E.J. Korvette.
 Mydin is a Malaysian chain of hypermarket supermarket & emporiums. It is notable for bringing local & overseas products at affordable prices catering to a large segment of Malaysian population.[citation needed]
 K. A. Rasmussen AS (abbreviated KAR) is a Norwegian precious metal company specialized in the fabrication of semi-manufactured bars and wires for various metal industries as well as catalysts for chemical industries.
 Linxair was a business airline based in Slovenia. It was established and started operations in 1999 at its base Ljubljana Jože Pučnik Airport (LJU). Was the fastest growing aviation company in Slovenian history and biggest business aviation operator in the area of former Yugoslavia. But due to financial difficulties started in 2009 company ceased commercial operations in 2012. Small part of fleet continued operation under another operator SiAvia.
 Teichiku Records is a Japanese record label run by the Teichiku Entertainment company that specialises in enka kayōkyoku and similar music. Teichiku is an abbreviation for Teikoku Chikuonki (帝国蓄音機 imperial records) the former name of the company. Teichiku Entertainment also runs the record labels Imperial Records Takumi Note and Union Records (ユニオンレコード yunion rekōdo).It is a division of JVC Kenwood Holdings Victor Entertainment's parent.
 Explosia a.s. is an explosives manufacturer in Semtín a suburb of Pardubice in the Czech Republic. The company was established in 1920. Its most famous product is the Semtex malleable explosive the name is formed as a combination of the first letters of the Semtín village and the company name.
 Dredging Environmental and Marine Engineering NV (in short DEME) is an international group of specialised companies in the field of capital and maintenance dredging land reclamation port infrastructure development offshore related services for the oil & gas industry farshore windfarm installation environmental remediation a.o. The groupis based in Zwijndrecht Belgium and has current operations on the five continents. The roots of the group date back to the mid 19th century.
 The Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo is the second institution in the central executive branch of the Democratic Republic of the Congo the first institution being the President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo who has the title of head of state.
 Unibuss formerly known as Nexus Trafikk and Sporveisbussene AS is a Norwegian bus company group that operates from Oslo Norway. It is a subsidiary of the municipal transportation group Sporveien and was created in 2003 so the company could compete for the public service obligation (PSO) contracts that Oslo was to operate the bus system through. Unibuss has about 1600 employees 650 buses and a revenue of NOK 1278 million in 2010.
 Polskie Linie Lotnicze LOT S.A. (Polish pronunciation: [ˈlɔt] Flight) trading as LOT Polish Airlines is the flag carrier of Poland. Based in Warsaw LOT was established in 1929 making it one of the world's oldest airlines still in operation. Using a fleet of 55 aircraft LOT operates a complex network to 60 destinations in Europe the Middle East North America and Asia.
 Pressed Steel Company Limited was a British car body manufacturing business founded at Cowley near Oxford in 1926 as a joint venture between William Morris Budd Corporation of Philadelphia USA which held the controlling interest and a British / American bank J. Henry Schroder & Co[citation needed] At that time the company was named The Pressed Steel Company of Great Britain Limited. It acquired Budd's patent rights and processes for use in the United Kingdom.
 Cerruti is a fashion house founded in 1967 in Paris by the Italian stylist and fashion designer Nino Cerruti.The Cerruti house designs manufactures distributes and retails luxury ready-to-wear jeans fragrances sportswear leather goods watches and accessories.
 Leopold Bros. is a family-owned and operated distillery located in Denver Colorado.
 Suprema is a biometrics research development and manufacturing company. It provides fingerprint IP readers for physical access control systems USB readers for PC authentication and core fingerprint modules for embedded applications.
 UZI Suicide was a vanity label that was created by Guns N' Roses to release their first record Live ?!*@ Like a Suicide. While seemingly an independent label it was actually created by Geffen Records. Guns N' Roses' debut album Appetite for Destruction was officially released through Geffen.
 Kosmos Energy is an American international oil company founded and based in Dallas Texas. It also maintains offices in the Bermudas Morocco Suriname and Ghana. It has been involved in the discovery and development of the Jubilee oil field off the coast of Ghana.Kosmos was a focus of the BBC documentary Storyville: Power Money Greed and Oil.
 Campus Management Corp. is a private company that provides software and services to colleges universities foundations and other companies.
 Cervélo Cycles is a Canadian manufacturer of racing bicycle frames. Cervélo uses CAD computational fluid dynamics and wind tunnel testing at a variety of facilities including the San Diego Air and Space Technology Center in California USA to aid its designs. Frame materials include carbon fibre.
 Manchester University Press is the university press of the University of Manchester England and a publisher of academic books and journals. Manchester University Press has developed into an international publisher. It maintains its links with the University and is the third largest university press in the United Kingdom after Oxford University Press and Cambridge University Press.
 In 2009 Adobe Systems acquired Omniture an online marketing and web analytics business unit in Orem Utah. Until 2011 Omniture operated as a business unit within Adobe as the Omniture Business Unit but as of 2012 Adobe began retiring the Omniture name as former Omniture products were integrated into the Adobe Marketing Cloud.
 BancorpSouth Inc. is a bank holding company headquartered in Tupelo Mississippi. As of March 2012 it had nearly $13.3 billion in assets. The company has over 4400 employees.
 Aeneas Communications LLC operating as Aeneas Internet and Telephone is a telecommunications provider headquartered in Jackson Tennessee. Aeneas Communications offers Internet access local and long distance service in Tennessee Voice over IP colocation business telephone systems commercial e-mail WAN (Wide area network) commercial web hosting Internet backbone connectivity for businesses and disaster preparedness options.It serves all of the state of Tennessee.
 ECi Software Solutions is a business management and e-commerce software publisher primarily serving small and medium sized businesses in the office products and furniture construction supplies hardware sanitation manufacturing and distribution industries. ECi is a subsidiary of eCommerce Industries Inc.ECi was founded in 1999 and is based in Fort Worth Texas.ECi holds a ‘Connect Conference’ a national meeting for its software users and strategic partners.
 Ocean Shores Video (Hong Kong) Co Ltd (Chinese: 海岸贡献錄影 (香港) 有限公司 or Chinese: 海岸贡献) is the home video division of Win's Entertainment (Hong Kong) Co Ltd. The company is owned by Television Broadcasts Limited the entertainment division of Panasonic Pioneer and Philips was a Hong Kong based distributor of martial arts films in the 1980s.Ocean Shores was a video company that ran major distribution rights to many of the biggest indie and later Shaw Brothers and Golden Harvest movies.
 Desire Petroleum plc (LSE:DES) is an oil and gas exploration company headquartered in Malvern United Kingdom. It owns offshore exploration and production licences in the North Falkland Basin in the waters north of the Falkland Islands and its core focus is to develop the basin into a major new hydrocarbon province.Desire Petroleum is listed on the Alternative Investment Market of the London Stock Exchange.
 Zagtoon is a production company specialized in animated series for kids founded in 2009 by Jeremy Zag and Jacqueline Tordjman co-founder of Saban Entertainment which has launched series such as Power Rangers and scored the soundtracks for series such as Inspector Gadget. Zagtoon develops properties worldwide through Europe the United-States and Asia.
 Nationale Regionale Transport is a domestic airline based in Libreville Gabon. Its main base is Libreville International Airport.The airline is on the list of air carriers banned in the European Union.
 R. Hoe & Company was a New York City based printing press manufacturer established by Peter Smith Matthew Smith (?–1822) and their brother-in-law English emigrant Robert Hoe (1784–1833) in 1805 as Smith Hoe & Company.
 Mercury Records is an American-based record label owned by Universal Music Group. In the United States it operates through Island Records; in the UK it is distributed by Virgin EMI Records.
 SsangYong Motor Company or SsangYong Motor (Korean: 쌍용자동차 IPA: [s͈aŋjoŋ dʑadoŋtɕʰa]) is the fourth largest South Korea-based automobile manufacturer. The name SsangYong means double dragons.A 70% share of SsangYong was acquired by Indian Mahindra & Mahindra Limited in February 2011 after being named the preferred bidder in 2010 to acquire the bankruptcy-protected company. Mahindra's acquisition was approved by South Korea's Free Trade Commission.
 Jugos del Valle (Del Valle Juices) is one of the biggest producers of fruit juices and beverages in Mexico. It has been active since 1947. Today Jugos del Valle is one of the leading food juice and beverage companies in Mexico. Del Valle owns popular brands like Val-Vita Barrilitos and Florida 7. Operations range from the USA to Brazil Venezuela and Puerto Rico keeping up with leadership in innovation productivity and service.
 Applied Science International LLC aka ASI is a United States based company headquartered in Raleigh North Carolina that provides advanced engineering design and analysis software and services to the DHS United States Department of Defense Engineering Firms Demolition Contractors and Universities.
 The Baupost Group LLC is a hedge fund founded in 1982 by Seth Klarman who continues to run the fund. Baupost Group's investment philosophy emphasizes risk management. The firm one of the largest hedge funds in the world is a value investing manager. According to Bloomberg L.P. Baupost is ranked 4th in net gains since inception.
 Sheetz Inc. is a chain of gas stations/convenience stores owned by the Sheetz family. Its headquarters are in Altoona Pennsylvania. Stores are located in Maryland North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Virginia and West Virginia.Sheetz has long employed the Z that the name ends with in various marketing efforts. These include the Sheetz loadable gift card the Z card; the Sheetz breakfast sandwich known and marketed as Shmuffinz; and their Nachoz.
 Probitas Partners is a global investment bank focused on raising capital as a placement agent for private equity fund sponsors as well as providing portfolio management and liquidity solutions through the private equity secondary market for investors in private equity. The firm operates through three primary businesses: fund placement portfolio management and secondary advisory.
 Les Disques Du Crépuscule is a Belgian independent record label. The label was founded in 1980 by Michel Duval and Annik Honoré. It is now run by former employee James Nice.Crépuscule translates as twilight with most of the label's catalogue numbers being prefixed by the letters TWI.
 Television And Radio Broadcasting System more commonly known as TARBS World TV was an Australian Subscription Television Service broadcasting predominantly ethnic (and mainly non-English) stations into Australia. TARBS commenced operations in 1995 and had around 57000 subscribers until July 2004 when the company went into receivership.
 Patriot Rail Corporation is a holding company for a number of shortline railroads across the United States including one contract operation in North Carolina. The company was started in 2006 by RailAmerica co-founders Gary Marino and John Marino and is headquartered at Boca Raton Florida. In January 2011 Patriot Rail purchased the railroads of the Weyerhaeuser Company which effectively doubled the number of Patriot Rail holdings.
 Orenstein & Koppel (normally abbreviated to O&K) was a major German engineering company specialising in railway vehicles escalators and heavy equipment. It was founded on April 1 1876 in Berlin by Benno Orenstein and Arthur Koppel.Originally a general engineering company O&K soon started to specialise in the manufacture of railway vehicles. The company also manufactured heavy equipment and escalators. O&K pulled out of the railway business in 1981.
 Maire Tecnimont SpA is the parent company of the Italian group Maire Tecnimont which consists of at least 50 operating companies in the engineering and main contracting sector. It deals in oil and gas chemicals and petrochemicals energy infrastructure and civil engineering. It is also active in the renewable energy sector in the provision of project management engineering procurement and construction.
 Priestman Brothers was an engineering company based in Kingston upon Hull UK that manufactured diggers dredgers cranes and other industrial machinery. In the later 1900s the company also produced the Priestman Oil Engine an early design of oil fuelled internal combustion engine.
 HickoryTech Corporation (NASDAQ: HTCO) is an integrated communication service provider. The company operates its business under the name of HickoryTech and Enventis through three segments including Fiber and Data Equipment and Telecom. The company was founded in 1898 and is headquartered in Mankato Minnesota. It is a supplier of Smartnet maintenance contracts with its partner Cisco systems. The company’s telecom segment serves about 13 Minnesota communities and 13 lowa communities.
 Amsoft was a wholly owned subsidiary of Amstrad PLC founded in 1984 and re-integrated with its parent company in 1989. Its purpose was to provide an initial infrastructure of software and services for users of Amstrad's range of home computers the Amstrad CPC and from 1986 the Sinclair ZX Spectrum. Many people's first contact with software on an Amstrad home computer would have been an Amsoft title as several titles were included in the sales bundles.
 Domo is an American computer software corporation headquartered in American Fork Utah United States. The area is referred to as Silicon Slopes.
 Ranik Ultimate Fighting Federation (RUFF) is the first Chinese mixed martial arts (MMA) organization sanctioned by the General Administration of Sport of China. The winners of the title fights will be crowned as the national MMA champions of China in their respective weight classes. RUFF held its first event in August 2011 in Shanghai before presenting in Chongqing Hohhot Nanjing and Sanya.
 The Mexican Council on Foreign Relation 'COMEXI (in Spanish Consejo Mexicano de Asuntos Internacionales) was established the 22 November 2001. So far it is the only plural and multidisciplinary forum focused in the debate and analysis of Mexico’s role in the world and the growing influence of international events on the national agenda. The Council is a civic association nonprofit and independent of government. It is financed entirely by its member's contributions
 Varèse Sarabande is an American record label distributed by Universal Music Group which specializes in film scores and original cast recordings. It aims to reissue rare or unavailable albums as well as newer releases by artists no longer under a contract. The label's name was derived from combining French-born composer Edgard Varèse's last name with the musical term sarabande a slow Spanish dance.
 D3 LED LLC (D3) is a company that manufactures turnkey LED (light emitting diode) displays and digital media solutions for advertisers architects retailers sports and entertainment venues and transportation authorities.
 Exco International was a leading British money brokering company. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was once a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index but was acquired by British & Commonwealth Holdings in 1986.
 Investment AB Öresund is a Swedish investment company controlled by Mats Qviberg and Sven Hagströmer.
 Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems Canada Ltd. (MHPSC) located in Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada was established in 1988 and is part of the Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems Group. In 2012 the company merged its Canadian operations in Calgary Mississauga and Saskatoon into one company with its headquarters based in Saskatoon.
 Société Nationale d'Investissement (SNI) or National Investment Company is a large private Moroccan holding company controlled by the Moroccan royal family. The holding company used to be the majority shareholder of the now defunct ONA Group until the activities of the latter were absorbed into the SNI and subsequently disposed of.In 2012 the company's consolidated turnover was 53 billion MAD and its net income was 5 billion MAD
 Maine Chance Farm was an American Thoroughbred horse racing stable in Lexington Kentucky owned by cosmetics tycoon Elizabeth Arden. Elizabeth Arden raced under the nom de course Mr. Nightingale until 1943 when she adopted the name Maine Chance Farm from her health spa in Mount Vernon Maine. During the nineteen forties and fifties the Maine Chance Farm racing stable was a major force in American horse racing.
 Convair was an American aircraft manufacturing company which later expanded into rockets and spacecraft. The company was formed in 1943 by the merger of Consolidated Aircraft and Vultee Aircraft and went on to produce a number of pioneering aircraft such as the Convair B-36 bomber the F-102 Delta Dagger and the F-106 Delta Dart. It also manufactured the first Atlas rockets including the rockets that were used for the pioneering manned orbital flights of Project Mercury.
 D&G Bus is a bus operator based in Crewe in Cheshire.
 Dolmar GmbH is one of the oldest manufacturers of portable gasoline chainsaws and is headquartered in Hamburg Germany. The company founder Emil Lerp developed in 1927 the type A saw which weighed 125 lb and required two men to operate. It was tested on Mount Dolmar in the Thüringer forest and the company took its name from the test site. In 1991 the company was acquired by Japanese tool manufacturer Makita.
 Velocite Bikes is a Taiwanese manufacturer of racing bicycle mountain bike frames bicycle wheels and other bicycle components. Notable collaboration partners include the National Cheng Kung University National Center for High-Performance Computing Oxeon and Acer Inc. Velocite specializes in carbon fiber composite products but also manufactures bicycle frames and components using aluminium alloys.
 Yates is a gardening company in New Zealand and Australia.
 Haudenosaunee Development Institute is the formal organization created by the Haudenosaunee Confederacy Chiefs Council (HCCC) in September 2007 to grant permission to third parties to undertake development upon lands where the HCCC exercise jurisdiction including that area of land considered by the Haldimand Proclamation of 1784 and the Nanfan Treaty of 1701.Haudenosaunee is the proper word used for the Six Nations Native people which is more commonly known as Iroquois by non-Haudenosaunee people.Haundenosaunee Development Institute objectives are consistent with long standing Haudenosaunee principles regarding land use land tenure and environmental planning.Recent efforts to translate these principles have included the Haudenosaunee Confederacy Chiefs Council policy statement referred to as the Eight Points of Jurisdiction which was formally adopted by the HCCC on February 3 2001.
 Carpenter Technology Corporation is an international developer manufacturer and distributor of cast wrought and powder metallurgy specialty alloys/metals including superalloys ultra-high strength steels and stainless steel as well as titanium alloys in a range of product forms. Headquartered in Reading Pennsylvania Carpenter Technology maintains manufacturing and distribution operations throughout the United States Mexico Europe and Asia.
 BBVA Bancomer is a Mexican financial institution and the largest in the country dominating about 20% of the market. Founded in 1932 as Banco de Comercio (Bancomer) since 2000 its main stockholder is the Spanish bank BBVA.
 The National Association for Interpretation is a non-profit professional association of natural and cultural resources interpreters primarily in the United States. It is based in Fort Collins Colorado. NAI provides training and certification programs. The NAI publishes the Journal of Interpretation Research a peer-reviewed academic journal.
 Grant Ritchie and Company was a Scottish engineering firm based in Kilmarnock Scotland. The company's products included steam engines and steam locomotives.
 Gourmet Foods is a bakery and confectionery chain based in Lahore Pakistan. It has seven processing units and over 100 stores in Lahore. The company was founded by Muhammad Nawaz Chatha in 1987.
 Guess (styled as GUESS or Guess?) is an American upscale clothing line brand. Guess also markets other fashion accessories besides clothes such as watches jewelry and perfumes. The company also owns the line Marciano.
 Student Volunteer Campus Community (abbreviated SVCC and formerly SVCC Language Schools) is a non-profit organization run by volunteers located in Edmonton Alberta Canada and operates at the University of Alberta as a student volunteer group.
 Gold Medal Books launched by Fawcett Publications in 1950 was a U.S. book publisher known for introducing paperback originals a publishing innovation at the time. Fawcett was also an independent newsstand distributor and in 1949 the company negotiated a contract with New American Library to distribute their Mentor and Signet titles.
 AlMasria Universal Airlines (also known as AlMasria Airlines) is an Egyptian private airline based in Egypt.The airline operates scheduled services from Egypt to the Middle East.'AlMasria' is derived from the Arabic word for 'Egyptian'.
 Tomato Head Records was an independent record label started by Chuck Phelps after his split with the ska punk band Skankin' Pickle and Dill Records. The label most notably released the debut EP of Tsunami Bomb The Invasion from Within! and the Luckie Strike EP Future is Turning. The label is now in indefinite hiatus.
 Ocean Village was a British-American owned cruise line based in Southampton Hampshire UK. Designed to offer an alternative cruise experience Ocean Village was founded by P&O Princess Cruises which later merged with Carnival Corporation to form Carnival Corporation & plc. Ocean Village operated from 2003 until 2010 when the brand was discontinued with the cruise ship Ocean Village transferring to P&O Cruises Australia. Ocean Village became part of P&O Cruises Australia.
 Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo (CAM; Mediterranean Savings Bank) was a Spanish savings bank in Alicante Valencia. The savings bank failed with the burst of the property bubble on Spain's Mediterranean coast. In the first nine months of 2011 it had lost €1.7bn and the bad loans ratio has reached 20.8 per cent. In December 2011 it was sold to Banco Sabadell for one euro.
 Transurban manages and develops urban toll road networks in Australia and North America. It is a Top 50 company on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) and has been in business since 1996.In Australia Transurban has a stake in five of Sydney's nine motorways and in Melbourne it is the full owner of CityLink which connects three of the city's major freeways. In the USA Transurban has ownership interests in the 495 Express Lanes on a section of the Capital Beltway around Washington DC.
 Air Siam was an airline based in Thailand which operated from 1965 until 1976.
 YugoRosGaz a.d. is a Gazprom subsidiary in Serbia. Yugorosgaz is owned by Gazprom (50%) Srbijagas (25%) and Central ME Energy & Gas AG (25%) a member of the Centrex Group. Srbijagas has an option to purchase up to 49% of the company.In 2008 investigations by MPs from the League of Social Democrats of Vojvodina (LSV) and the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) revealed that the state-operated Srbijagas natural gas utility had made damaging contracts with Gazprom.
 Nolo formerly known as Nolo Press is a publisher in Berkeley California that produces do-it-yourself legal books and software that reduce the need for people to hire lawyers for simple legal matters such as making wills or writing business partnership contracts.
 Sam Ash Music Corp. was founded in 1924 and is the largest family owned chain of musical instrument stores in the United States. Sam Ash sells musical instruments recording equipment DJ and lighting equipment and professional sound equipment.The Company record shows annual revenue is $1b to $5b & estimated employee size 100 - 499.
 Greycaps India Private Limited is an on-stage quizzing and knowledge service provider company based in Bangalore India. It was founded by Giri Balasubramanium in 1999 and is currently the second largest of its kind in the country. It has organized shows in Sri Lanka Oman Bangladesh Singapore Malaysia United Kingdom and the United States.
 Government Aircraft Factories (GAF) was the name of an aircraft manufacturer owned by the Government of Australia based at Fishermans Bend a suburb of Melbourne in Victoria. It had its origins in the lead-up to World War II during which it was known as the Department of Aircraft Production (DAP). In 1987 GAF was reorganised and renamed as Aerospace Technologies of Australia (ASTA) then privatised. ASTA subsequently formed the nucleus of Boeing Australia.
 Agámi Systems Inc. was a network storage company headquartered in Sunnyvale California.
 The American Society of Plant Taxonomists (ASPT) is a botanical organization formed in 1935 to foster encourage and promote education and research in the field of plant taxonomy to include those areas and fields of study that contribute to and bear upon taxonomy and herbaria according to its bylaws.[1] It is incorporated in the state of Wyoming and its office is at the University of Wyoming Department of Botany.The ASPT publishes a quarterly botanical journal Systematic Botany and the irregular series Systematic Botany Monographs.
 Charter Arms Co. is an American manufacturer of revolvers. The original Charter Arms produced revolvers chambered in calibers .22 Long Rifle .22 Winchester Magnum .32 Long .32 H&R Magnum .327 Federal Magnum .357 Magnum .38 Special and .44 Special. The most famous revolvers manufactured by Charter Arms are the .44 Special Bulldog and .38 Special Bulldog Pug.
 The Central Union of Agricultural Co-operatives (全国農業協同組合中央会 Zenkoku Nōgyō-kyōdō-kumiai Chuōkai) in short JA-Zenchu (JA全中) is an independent administrative Japanese body within the Japan Agriculture (JA) Group which determines policy and administrates the group. Its legal status was originally a Recognised Corporate Body under the control of the Ministry of Agriculture Forestry and Fisheries (MAFF) but since 2002 has become a Special Civilian Corporate Body.
 United Site Services is a rental and service company providing portable sanitation temporary fence and other services in the United States. It is headquartered in Westborough Massachusetts. The company’s customer base includes the construction industry private and commercial events businesses and local state and federal governments.
 Horizon Services Inc. (HSI) is a nonprofit social service organization providing alcohol and drug treatment and recovery mental health recovery and substance abuse prevention services in Alameda San Mateo and Santa Clara counties in the San Francisco Bay Area of California. The executive director is Keith Lewis who has held the position since 1986. Their programs utilize the Alcoholics Anonymous and Narcotics Anonymous models along with other methods of treatment.
 ISOFOTON is a global company present in over 60 countries. ISOFOTON is involved in designing manufacturing and supplying Solar Energy products. Its activities are centered in three technology categories: Photovoltaic Thermal and High Concentration Photovoltaic.
 Parikrama Inc. is an event management company based in New Delhi India. It was founded by Delhi based band Parikrama (band) and is headed by it.
 China Dalian International Economic & Technical Cooperation Group (abbreviated as CDIG) is a Chinese enterprise involved in construction and engineering real estate development shipping import and export trading fishing aquaculture and aquatic products processing.The construction division is heavily focused on international markets earning $529.1 million in revenue in 2012 of which $469.8 million came from overseas projects. It operates in markets from Syria to Suriname.
 FAW Haima Automobile Co. Ltd. trading as Haima is an automotive manufacturing company based in Hainan China and a subsidiary of FAW Group. Its principal activity is the design development production and sale of passenger cars and minivans sold under the Haima marque.Haima was founded in 1992 as a joint venture between the Hainan provincial government and Mazda to produce Mazda models for sale in China.
 Schoology.com is a social network for K-12 schools and higher education institutions focused on collaboration that allows users to create manage and share academic content. Also known as a learning management system (LMS) or course management system (CMS) the cloud-based platform provides tools needed to manage an online classroom.Visually and functionally similar to Facebook the service includes attendance records online gradebook tests and quizzes and homework dropboxes.
 Perpetual Entertainment founded in March 2002 was an American developer publisher and operator of networked multiplayer games and MMORPGs. Their headquarters was located in San Francisco California USA. From October 2007 to February 2008 (following a transfer of assets) the company was known as P2 Entertainment. The company was best known for its development of two MMOs: Star Trek Online and Gods & Heroes: Rome Rising.
 PASS Transit is a transit agency in Riverside County California providing bus service to the communities of Banning Beaumont Cabazon and Cherry Valley in the San Gorgonio Pass area.
 Kwik Trip/Kwik Star is a chain of convenience stores founded in 1965 with locations throughout Wisconsin and Minnesota under the name Kwik Trip and in northeast Iowa under the name Kwik Star (to avoid confusion with QuikTrip). The company also operates stores under the name Hearty Platter and Tobacco Outlet Plus. Kwik Trip Inc.
 BodyMedia is a medical and consumer technology company headquartered in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Incorporated in 1999 BodyMedia develops wearable body monitoring systems. In April 2013 BodyMedia was acquired by Jawbone for over US$100000000.
 Town & Country Surf Designs (also known as T&C) is a world recognised manufacturer of surfboards. T&C's origins began in 1971 with a single store founded by Craig Sugihara in Pearl City Hawaii. The company soon expanded into a full line of surfwear and surfing accessories and now has retail shops throughout the world in countries such as Japan Australia and Peru.In the 1980s T&C became famous for their shirt designs featuring Da' Boys surfing cartoon characters designed by Steve Nazar.
 Ben NL or Ben is a Dutch virtual mobile network operated by T-Mobile NL. It offers voice text and data service at highly discounted rates.
 Blackmagic Design Pty Ltd is an Australian company which manufactures electronic equipment for broadcast and video production.Founded by CEO Grant Petty the company manufactures equipment used for video acquisition editing and conversion and has offices in Europe Asia and the United States. In 2009 it acquired Da Vinci Systems a company which had won Emmy Awards for its film colouring and restoration equipment. In 2010 Blackmagic Design acquired Echolab a manufacturer of vision mixers.
 The Agricultural Research Organization Volcani Center (Hebrew: מנהל המחקר החקלאי - מרכז וולקני‎) previously known as Agricultural Research Station of the Jewish Agency for Palestine is an Israeli agricultural research center. It is a research arm of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development of the State of Israel and provides educational and research opportunities for Israeli youth as well as local and international scientists at all post-graduate levels.
 Tauron Wytwarzanie S.A. (former name: Południowy Koncern Energetyczny S.A.) is a power generation company based in Jaworzno Poland. It is the Poland's second largest power producer having a 14% stake of the domestic installed electrical power capacity (4.9 GWe) and a 16% stake of the local heat generation market (2.4 GWt).The company is a part of the Tauron Group one of Poland's biggest business entities.
 Extendicare Real Estate Investment Trust (TSX: EXE.un) is a Toronto Ontario based company that operates 440 long-term care facilities across North America. The company became a REIT and began trading on the TSX on November 10 2006 under the symbol EXE.UN.[1]ParaMed Home Health Care is a division of Extendicare (Canada) Inc. ParaMed was founded more than 30 years ago. It is currently the largest home care provider in Ontario[citation needed]. ParaMed also operates in Alberta.
 G-Collections is an English translator publisher and distributor of Japanese bishōjo games.
 LeeTran is the transit bus service operated by the Lee County Transit Department providing service to Bonita Springs Cape Coral Fort Myers Fort Myers Beach and much of the unincorporated area of Lee County Florida. Buses operate Monday through Saturday between 5:00 a.m. and 9:45 p.m. depending on the route.
 Univel was a joint venture of Novell and AT&T's Unix System Laboratories (USL) that was formed in 1991 to develop and market the Destiny desktop Unix operating systemwhich was released in 1992 as UnixWare 1.0. Univel existed only briefly in the period between AT&T initially divesting parts of USL in 1991and its eventual outright purchase by Novell which completed in 1993.
 MileStone Inc. (株式会社マイルストーン) was a Japanese arcade videogame developer made up mostly of arcade developers who left Compile to form their own company. They were best known for shoot 'em up games developed for the Dreamcast (after the console's official discontinuation) and its arcade counterpart the Sega NAOMI.Some years into the company's lifetime its president Hiroshi Kimura started a bio energy company called MS Bio Energy which was constructing a bio-ethanol plant in Vietnam.
 Andrade Gutierrez is a Brazilian private multinational conglomerate headquartered in Belo Horizonte. The company was founded in 1948 in Belo Horizonte Minas Gerias by the Andrade and Gutierrez families.
 Era Records was an independent American record label located in Hollywood California. It was founded by Herb Newman and Lou Bedell in 1955 as a pop country and western and jazz label. Era had a #1 hit in 1956 with Gogi Grant's The Wayward Wind written by Newman. In 1959 Bedell sold his interest in the label to Newman. Artists who experienced hits on Era include Ketty Lester (Love Letters) Larry Verne (Mr.
 Diebold Inc. (/ˈdiːboʊld/ DEE-bold) is a United States-based financial self-service security and services corporation that is engaged primarily in the sale manufacture installation and service of self-service transaction systems (such as ATMs) electronic and physical security products (including vaults and currency processing systems) and software and integrated systems for global financial and commercial markets. Diebold is the largest U.S.
 UM Airlines (also known as Ukrainian - Mediterranean Airlines or UM Air) is an airline based in Kiev Ukraine. It operates domestic services and services to the CIS countries and the Middle East.
 GIC of India (GIC Re) is the sole reinsurance company in the Indian insurance market with over four decades of experience. GIC Re has its registered office and headquarters in Mumbai.
 KooGa is a rugby union clothing company which established in 1997 in the city of Manchester England.
 New Media Strategies (NMS) is a social media agency headquartered in Arlington Virginia. The company was founded in 1999 by Pete Snyder and as of 2011 has 120 employees. NMS is known as one of the first companies to strictly focus on social media as a form of marketing communications and is the largest social media agency in the world according to The Washington Post. It is a subsidiary of Meredith Corporation a Fortune 500 media company which acquired NMS in 2007.
 Dwango Co. Ltd (株式会社ドワンゴ) (TYO: 3715) is a telecommunications and media company based in Japan headed by Nobuo Kawakami. Its subsidiaries include Niwango which runs the popular Japanese video sharing site Nico Nico Douga. The company was spun off from a U.S.-based service offering online multiplayer for video games DWANGO which was shut down in 1998. Majority shareholders include Kawakami himself Kadokawa Group Holdings and Avex Group.
 Ararat Cement Factory CJSC is one of two companies in Armenia which produce cement. It is owned by Gagik Tsarukian's Multi Group Concern. Founded in 1927 during the Soviet era near the present-day town of Ararat and continued as a state owned company until 2002 when it was privatized and sold to Multi Group Concern. Massive investments and moderniztion process were run after the privatisation allowing modern technologies to be installed at the factory.
 Hooters Inc. is the trade name of two privately held American restaurant chains: Hooters of America Incorporated based in Atlanta Georgia and Hooters Incorporated based in Clearwater Florida.
 Bates Communications is headquartered in Wellesley Massachusetts and specializes in leadership development. The company was founded by Suzanne Bates in 2000.
 Bluesway Records was a subsidiary label of ABC-Paramount Records begun by Bob Thiele in 1966. Artists such as John Lee Hooker Jimmy Reed Jimmy Rushing Otis Spann and T-Bone Walker were among those who signed for the label. Bluesway released B. B. King's 1969 Live and Well and Completely Well albums the latter containing his hit The Thrill is Gone. The label also released the James Gang's first album 1969's Yer' Album.
 Flame Tree Publishing is an independent publisher of illustrated books calendars and other stationery items based in Fulham London United Kingdom. Flame Tree creates content in the form of paper printed encyclopedias guides and practical books and publishes them in different book gift stationery and digital markets. It has a number of license arrangements with museums galleries and other licensors including Tate V&A and The Royal Academy of Arts.
 The Biesterfeld AG is the strategic holding of the Biesterfeld group of companies a distributor for plastics and chemicals with subsidiaries in more than 30 countries worldwide. The headquarters of the family-owned company is in Hamburg Germany.
 First Women Bank Limited (FWBL) is located in Karachi Sindh Pakistan. First Women Bank Ltd.
 Wizz Air Ukraine Airlines LLC (Ukrainian: Товариство з обмеженою відповідальністю „Авіалінії Візз Ейр Україна”) is the Ukrainian division of Wizz Air and commenced domestic operations in Ukraine on 11 July 2008.
 Crytek is a multinational video game company founded in 1999 by Turk brothers Cevat Avni Yerli and Faruk Yerli (German nationals of Turkish descent).
 19 Recordings Inc. (registered in the United Kingdom as 19 Recordings Ltd.) is a New York-based record label owned by 19 Entertainment. Founded in London by British entrepreneur Simon Fuller in 1999 as the music division of 19 Entertainment 19 Recordings is one of the top record imprints as compiled by Billboard in 2012. Today 19 Recordings has the exclusive rights to sign contestants of the television series Idols.
 The Kingsport Area Transit System calling itself KATS is the primary provider of mass transportation in Kingsport Tennessee. The agency was established in 1995 and currently has five routes. Service operates on weekdays only and all buses originate from a city center terminal.
 CHESF (Companhia Hidro-Elétrica do São Francisco; São Francisco's Hydroelectric Company) generates and transmits electric power from hydroelectric plants to all of the cities in northeast of Brazil.The main source of energy is the São Francisco River.
 Ruby Tuesday Inc. (NYSE: RT) is an American multinational foodservice retailer that owns operates and franchises Ruby Tuesday restaurants. The concept was started in 1972 by Samuel E. (Sandy) Beall III.The corporation was formed in 1996 as a reincorporation of Morrison Restaurants Inc.
 Roaring 40s is an electricity generator formed in partnership between Hydro Tasmania and China Light & Power (CLP). Since the beginning in 2005 Roaring 40s’ has 13 sites in operation or in planning in Australia India Hong Kong and mainland China. Cathedral Rocks Woolnorth Waterloo Wind Farm and Musselroe are four notable power plants that the company owns. Roaring40s will be splitting in June 2011 with all projects being divided amongst the two original JV partners CLP and Hydro Tasmania.
 NizhnekamskNeftekhim Inc (Russian: Нижнекамскнефтехим) also known as NKNH is a large petrochemical company headquartered in the city of Nizhnekamsk in the Tatarstan Republic in Russia east of Moscow.
 usedSoft is a used software commerce company headquartered in Zug Switzerland that instituted the B2B market for used computer programs.
 Adder Technology is a manufacturer of information technology hardware based in Cambridge England UK. It is the largest producer of keyboard video mouse (KVM) controllers in Europe.
 Wind River Systems Inc. is a company providing embedded systems development tools for embedded systems middleware and other types of software. The company was founded in Berkeley California in 1981 by Jerry Fiddler and David Wilner. On June 4 2009 Wind River announced that Intel had bought the company for a reported $884 million. Wind River continues to exist as a wholly owned subsidiary of Intel.
 ViTrox Technologies is a Penang Malaysia based company that specializes in designing and developing automated vision inspection system and equipment testers for the semiconductor and electronic packaging industries as well as electronic communications equipment. The name Vitrox reflects the core business of the company which is machine vision and electronics.
 Partsrederiet Kystekspressen ANS branded as Kystekspressen or the Coast Express is a shipping company that operates passenger ferry services between Trondheim and Kristiansund Norway. Three ships are used on the route that includes the branch lines Trondheim–Sula and Sistranda–Halten. It had 343510 passengers in 2005.
 Gazpromavia (Gazpromavia Aviation) is an airline based in Moscow Russia. It operates passenger and cargo charters mainly in support of the oil and gas industry. It also operates regular domestic flights from Moscow and international charter passenger and cargo services.
 AzeriCard is an Azerbaijani bank card processing company. The International Bank of Azerbaijan owns 100 percent of AzeriCard.
 Anyway Records is an independent record label based in Columbus Ohio which specializes in a Columbus brand of indie rock. It was established in 1991 by Bela Koe-Krompecher called an indie stalwart by Entertainment Weekly.During the 1990s the label was considered the most well-known and prolific label in Columbus.
 Frog's Leap Winery is a California wine producer that operates from Rutherford. It was founded in 1981 on a spot along Mills Creek known as Frog Farm. Frog's Leap Winery was established by John Williams and Larry Turley.In addition to their accolades for their wines Frog's Leap is also noted for its humorous approach to winemaking down to their Ribbit corks.
 Durham School Services is a school bus operator providing tendered pupil transportation throughout the United States currently operating in 29 states primarily along the West Coast in the southern United States the Midwest and parts of the Northeast. Founded in 1917 and currently a subsidiary of National Express Group it is the second largest school bus contractor in the United States behind First Student.
 O.F. Mossberg & Sons (commonly known as Mossberg) is an American firearms manufacturer specializing in shotguns rifles scopes and firearm accessories. From the 1940s through the 1960s it also produced a HI line of .22 caliber target and sporting rifles.Oscar Frederick Mossberg a native of Sweden came to the United States in 1886. He worked in the bicycle plant of Iver Johnson a native of Norway who became famous for his revolver. Together with his two sons Iver and Harold O.F.
 MAXING (マキシング Makishingu) is a Japanese adult video (AV) studio and production company located in the Shibuya ward of Tokyo.
 Xansa plc trading as Xansa was a British outsourcing and technology company and was quoted on the London Stock Exchange until 17 October 2007 when the purchase of Xansa by Steria was completed and the company was delisted. Its headquarters were in Reading Berkshire England and it had a major presence in India. In the 2007 financial year the company had a turnover of UK£379.7 million.
 MOBIUS is a consortium of libraries in Missouri United States.
 Megaforce Records is an American independent record label which was founded in 1982 by Jon and Marsha Zazula to publish the first works of Metallica. It has offices in New York and Philadelphia. The label is distributed in the United States by Sony Music Entertainment/RED Distribution.
 Afghan IPTV is a television service launched on 22 July 2009. The company is based in Hürth Germany. The service provides Afghan television channels delivered by IPTV signals which is distributed via the internet. It can be received using a broadband connection of at least 2MB speed. It does not work with a dial-up connection.The service has many Afghan channels including Ariana TV and Shamshad TV.
 Inbursa is a financial company through its subsidiaries provides banking and related services in Mexico. The company operates business lines in investment funds general insurance automobile insurance mortgates health insurance retirement funds and commercial banking.
 Quintana Roo was the first company to create a triathlon-specific wetsuit over 25 years ago and then a tri-specific bike two years later. QR remains the only company in the world wholly committed to triathlon by focusing solely on creating the best-fitting and most aerodynamic functional triathlon bikes in existence. The company was founded in 1987 by Dan Empfield of Ironman fame and is currently owned by the American Bicycle Group LLC.
 Mason Aircraft Company was an American aircraft manufacturer of the late 1920s and 1930s.Mason Aircraft Company was founded by Monty G. Mason of Los Angeles California. Mason modified a 1928 custom aircraft built by students of the California Polytechnic State University into an aerial broadcasting booth for NBC with the call sign KHRCX. The aircraft was also equipped with fuel tanks for a 1934 non-stop aerial refueling record attempt.
 TAR Aerolineas is an airline in Mexico. Their inaugural flight occurred on March 3 2014 between Querétaro-Guadalajara. The company currently operates a fleet of 8 Embraer ERJ 145's to 10 destinations throughout Mexico. Its headquarters and main operational base is in Querétaro.
 Loewe AG (pronounced [ˈløːvə]) is the parent company of the German Loewe group. The Loewe group develops manufactures and sells a wide variety of electronic electrical and mechanical products and systems and specialises in the field of consumer and communication technology. The company was founded in Berlin in 1923 by brothers Siegmund and David L. Loewe.
 Cruz Records was an off-shoot record label of SST Records owned by the Black Flag guitarist Greg Ginn. The label was founded in 1987. Its roster consisted mainly of pop punk and grunge bands along with Ginn's solo records. The label has been inactive since the mid-1990s although the pieces of its back catalog that are still in print are still available through SST Records.
 Sisu Axles Inc. (Finnish: Sisu Akselit Oy) is a producer of heavy vehicle axles in Hämeenlinna Finland.The company's main markets are in heavy truck terminal tractor and military vehicle axles; the driven axles are exclusively with planetary reduction. Sisu Axles was started when Suomen Autoteollisuus later Sisu Auto started own axle production in Helsinki in 1940s. The production was later transferred to Hämeenlinna and sold to investors. The current owner is American Marmon Group.
 KGHM Polska Miedź (KGHM Kombinat Górniczo-Hutniczy Miedzi Polish Copper) (WSE: KGH) is one of the largest producers of copper and silver in the world. The mining & metallurgy company is based in Poland in Lubin. KGHM Polska Miedź S.A. owns shares in 33 entities operating in various production and service-related areas.
 Vision Street Wear [1] is an American footwear company which was founded in 1986 by Brad Dorfman and which is now licensed by Collective Licensing International. According to the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO.GOV the word mark Vision Street Wear was first used in Commerce on April 18 1986.
 Smolenskaerotrans is a charter airline based in Smolensk Russia which specialises in aerial work but also carries cargo
 DAF Trucks NV is a Dutch truck manufacturing company and a division of PACCAR (Pacific Car and Foundry Company). Its headquarters and main plant are in Eindhoven. Cabs and axle assemblies are produced at its Westerlo plant in Belgium. Some of the truck models sold with the DAF brand are designed and built by Leyland Trucks at their Farington plant in Preston England.
 Saudi Advanced Industries Company is an industrial investment vehicle of the U.S. Peace Shield defense offset program. The company was formed in 1987 and invests in technology companies in Saudi Arabia. It also holds interests in AlSalam Aircraft Company and the Aircraft Accessories & Components Company both in Saudi Arabia.
 Raybert Productions was a 1960s production company founded by Bob Rafelson and Bert Schneider. Its principal works were the wildly successful situation comedy The Monkees (and the pop rock group of the same name) and the 1969 movie Easy Rider (co-produced with Peter Fonda's Pando Company). Raybert was also the predecessor to BBS Productions a New Hollywood production company founded by Rafelson Schneider and Schneider’s childhood friend Stephen Blauner.
 Unigine Corp is an international software development company with offices in Tomsk Russia and San Francisco USA. It is well known for developing the Unigine Engine proprietary cross-platform middleware. The company also has a game development team.
 The Serious Organised Crime Agency (SOCA) was a non-departmental public body of the Government of the United Kingdom which existed from 1 April 2006 until 7 October 2013. SOCA was a national law enforcement agency with Home Office sponsorship established as a body corporate under Section 1 of the Serious Organised Crime and Police Act 2005.
 Lee Kum Kee International Holdings Ltd. is a Hong Kong-based food company which specialized in manufacturing oyster flavored sauce and a wide range of Chinese and Asian sauces. Founded by Lee Kum Sheung in 1888 in Nanshui Canton (now Guangdong) Lee Kum Kee produces over 200 Chinese-style sauces including soy sauce hoisin sauce XO sauce one-step recipe sauce chili sauce cooking ingredients and dipping sauce.
 Rusnano (Russian: Роснано) (formerly Russian Corporation of Nanotechnologies) is a joint-stock company created and owned by the government of Russia and aimed at commercializing developments in nanotechnology. Rusnano's task is to create by 2015 a nano-industry in the country that will make marketable products worth 900 billion rubles ($29 billion). In April 2012 they invested US $79m in Quantenna Communications a manufacturer of semiconductors for wireless networks and devices.
 Earth's Own Food Company (previously Soyaworld Inc.) is a health food manufacturing company in Canada. They are producers and distributors of the So Good So Nice Almond Fresh and ryza brands within Canada.
 Wideo is an online video creation platform that enables users to create edit and share online videos free of charge. Wideo’s platform allows individuals who do not have previous video making or design experience to create explainer videos animated presentations video e-cards and more.Users can choose (or upload their own) images backgrounds and sounds in order to create their own personalized video.
 Cedar Grove Productions is an independent production company based in Los Angeles CA. specializing in media and theatre arts representing the Asian Pacific American community. Media projects are educational with Visual Communications (VC) serving as a non-profit fiscal sponsor.
 Kalki Communication Technologies (KALKITECH) is a private limited company headquartered at Bangalore India with offices in USA and UAE. Kalkitech provides smart grid communication and optimization products and services to utilities and customers to improve energy efficiency. Kalkitech's solutions cater to various applications in the smart grid including Substation Automation AMR & AMI and Distribution Automation serving Generation Transmission and Distribution sectors.
 Dance Pool was one of Sony Music's dance / house labels.CBS Dance Pool started in 1988 at CBS Schallplatten GmbH in Frankfurt Germany. It was the most successful dance label from a major company in Germany. Right after starting under the name and logo of DANCE POOL it dominated the German sales charts with acts like Mysterious Art P.M. Sampson and Culture Beat and many others.
 Firth Concrete (legal title: Firth Industries) is New Zealand’s largest and only national concrete company. It produces ready mix concrete under its Certified brand a large range of concrete masonry (or grey masonry) paving segmental retaining walls and veneers. It also has a range of bagged pre-mixed product that is marketed under the Dricon brand.
 Noor Takaful (abbr. NT) was officially launched and opened to the public on 7 January 2009 in Dubai as a Shari’a compliant insurance (Takaful) company to support the growing needs of the UAE and the GCC economies. The company offers a range of personal and commercial insurance (Takaful) products with an emphasis on personalized services.
 Wrightsoft is a software development firm for the heating ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) community. Established in 1985 Wrightsoft has served residential commercial and educational markets by providing HVAC design specification and sales software. Wrightsoft is headquartered in Lexington Massachusetts.
 Argon ST is a systems engineering and development company headquartered in Fairfax VA providing C4ISR (command control communications computers intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance) solutions to a wide range of customers.
 Janet TV is an American digital media company based in Austin Texas that produces the web site JanetTV.com. Janet TV provides around the clock coverage of female athletes active females and female sports including shows videos news interviews rankings tips and scores. The company was founded in 2013 by Darryl L. Mobley an entrepreneur and former Procter and Gamble executive.
 Verengo Solar is a solar-energy company based in Torrance California.
 Arabian Shield Cooperative Insurance Company is one of the leading insurance companies within the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
 Eastgate Systems is a publisher and software company headquartered in Watertown Massachusetts which publishes hypertext.Eastgate is a pioneer in hypertext publishing and electronic literature and one of the best known publishers of hypertext fiction. It publishes fiction non-fiction and poetry hypertexts by established authors with careers in print as well as new authors. Its software tools include Storyspace a hypertext system created by Jay David Bolter Michael Joyce and John B.
 Avignone Chemists Is an American full service pharmacy located in New York's Greenwich Village. Avignone Chemists was founded in 1832 which makes it the oldest apothecary in the United States. Avignone markets itself as the Independent Anti-Chain Pharmacy.
 National Fertilizers Limited (NFL) is a major Indian producer of inorganic and organic fertilizers and industrial chemicals. Established in 1974 it operates 5 major plants across India.
 Mucky Foot Productions was a UK computer game developer from 1997 - 2003.
 Carrows is a chain of casual dining restaurants that serve breakfast and lunch/dinner in the western portion of the United States. As of September 26 2013 the chain operates 54 restaurants in California and 1 in Arizona.Carrows was started by David G. Nancarrow in Santa Clara California in 1970 as the Carrows Hickory Chip Restaurant. Carrows and its sister chain Coco's Bakery Restaurants were purchased by Advantica Restaurant Group in 1996.
 Azamara Club Cruises (formerly Azamara Cruises) is an up-market cruise line owned by the Norwegian-American company Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. as one of their subsidiaries. The line currently operates two ships Azamara Journey and Azamara Quest. The company offers higher-end cruises with a number of amenities included in the fare similar to various other competitors. The cruise line is positioned to be at an up-market status but avoids the designation of a luxury cruise line.
 Resolute Racing Shells is a manufacturer of high performance racing shells for rowing programs. It was founded by Eric Goetz a world-renowned boatbuilder and Steve Gladstone a noted rowing coach. The company is currently based in Bristol Rhode Island.
 CoreMedia is a global provider of enterprise web content management solutions with headquarters in Hamburg Germany and San Francisco California. The company was founded in 1996 and has additional offices in Singapore and London.CoreMedia’s flagship product CoreMedia 7 provides customers with a social mobile and cloud based web content management system.
 Fluke Corporation a subsidiary of the Danaher Corporation is a manufacturer of industrial testing equipment including electronic test equipment. It was started in 1948 by John Fluke Sr. a friend and roommate of David Packard future co-founder of Hewlett-Packard when both were employed at General Electric.Today Fluke Corporation is a global corporation with operations worldwide.
 The J.M. Martinac Shipbuilding Corp. was founded in 1924 by Joseph M. Martinac on the Thea Foss Waterway in Tacoma Washington. It specializes in the construction of tugs trawlers ferries naval patrol craft and power yachts up to 250 feet (76 m) long.
 75 Ark was a hip hop record label based in San Francisco California. It was run by Dan the Automator from 1994 to 2001 when it ceased trading. Its back catalog was sold to Rapp Records.[citation needed]
 HolidayExtras.com a part of Holiday Extras ltd is a UK-based online company providing pre-booked UK airport hotels and parking. The company is based in Newingreen Hythe Kent from a purpose built building.
 NeST Software a division of SFO Technologies and a part of NeST Group of companies is a mid sized international technology company which provides customized software and hardware development services for engineering applications and product development services. The group also provides customized services in the area of hardware manufacturing software development embedded product development optronics fiber optics broadband electronics R&D etc.
 NTone is a sister imprint to the independent record label Ninja Tune. The imprint is based in London United Kingdom and specialises in experimental electronic music. The label was originally called Ninja Tone but it was felt this was too similar to Ninja Tune. First release was AntiStatic (TONE 1) by Hex released in February 1994 and last one - Sunflower Girl (NTONE 45) by Neotropic in 2001.
 The Amana Corporation is an American brand of household appliances. It was founded in 1934 by George Foerstner as The Electrical Equipment Co. in Middle Amana Iowa to manufacture commercial walk-in coolers. The business was later owned by the Amana Society and became known as Amana Refrigeration Inc.. It is now owned by the Whirlpool Corporation.
 Dell Force10 (formerly nCore Networks Force10 Networks) was a United States company that developed and marketed 10 Gigabit and 40 Gigabit Ethernet switches for computer networking to corporate educational and governmental customers.
 Sina Weibo (NASDAQ: WB) is a Chinese microblogging (weibo) website. Akin to a hybrid of Twitter and Facebook it is one of the most popular sites in China in use by well over 30% of Internet users with a market penetration similar to the United States' Twitter. It was launched by SINA Corporation on 14 August 2009 and has 503 million registered users as of December 2012. About 100 million messages are posted each day on Sina Weibo.
 Tyan Computer Corporation (泰安電腦科技股份有限公司; also known as Tyan Business Unit or TBU) is a subsidiary of MiTAC International and a manufacturer of computer motherboards including models for both Intel and AMD processors. They develop and produce high-end server SMP and desktop barebones systems as well as provide design and production services to tier 1 global OEMs and a number of other regional OEMs.The company was founded in 1989 by Dr. T. Symon Chang a veteran of IBM and Intel.
 Razzia Records is an independent record label based in Stockholm Sweden. It is part of the Family Tree Music group along with Catchy Tunes and Family Tree Music who are together distributed by Sony. The artist roster for Razzia includes Firefox AK Hello Saferide Timo Räisänen Mange Schmidt Thunder Express They Live By Night The Plan I are Droid Jonna Lee Adiam Dymott and David Sandström.The label is run by Martina Ledinsky and Daniel Ledinsky.
 Locomotive Music or Locomotive Records is an independent record label based in Spain.
 Harpo Productions Inc. is an incorporated US-based multimedia production company founded by Oprah Winfrey (the name 'Harpo' is 'Oprah' spelled backwards and was the name of her on-screen husband in The Color Purple). It formerly included Harpo Films (the company's film production company) while currently including Harpo Radio Inc.
 Jyothy Laboratories Ltd (BSE: 532926 NSE: JYOTHYLAB) is a Mumbai-based fast-moving consumer goods company founded in 1983. In 2009–10 the company reported a turnover of 581.6 crore (US$97 million) and profit of 80 crore (US$13 million). The company has 21 manufacturing units at 14 locations across India. The company originated in Kandanassery near Guruvayur in Thrissur district of Kerala State by sri M P Ramachandran.
 Silicon Storage Technology Inc. (SST) is a Sunnyvale California USA technology company producing non-volatile memory devices and related products.SST supplies of NOR flash and other integrated circuits for high-volume applications.
 Navantia is a Spanish state-owned shipbuilding company which offers its services to both military and civil sector. It is the fifth largest shipbuilder in Europe and the ninth largest in the world with shipyards all over Spain.
 Ivi Inc. also called Ivi is a Seattle-based American corporation which offers a software application providing live video streaming over the Internet for a flat rate. Ivi (pronounced 'ivy') is the first online cable company. The Ivi TV player is a downloadable software application that runs on Windows Macintosh or GNU/Linux computers that offers live television over the Internet.
 The ExecuJet Aviation Group is an international business aviation company headquartered at Zurich Airport Switzerland. ExecuJet's has fixed base operations in 18 locations in six regions worldwide - Africa Asia Australasia Europe Latin America and the Middle East. The Group services include aircraft management charter maintenance fixed base operations (FBO) and completions consulting. They company employs 950+ staff worldwide and operates a managed fleet of approximately 160 aircraft.
 California Casualty Management Company is in the business of providing individuals with insurance coverage in particular those in the fields of education law enforcement fire fighting and nursing.
 YuMe is a provider of digital video brand advertising. Designed to serve the specific needs of targeted brand advertising YuMe’s technology is intended to simplify digital video advertising campaigns. YuMe is headquartered in Redwood City CA with European headquarters in London and nine additional offices worldwide.
 ihug was New Zealand's third largest ISP (behind Xtra and TelstraClear) before it was bought then absorbed by Vodafone New Zealand (the country's largest mobile phone operator). According to 2005 estimates it had over 100000 internet and phone subscribers.
 Ableton AG is a Berlin-based music software company that produces and distributes the production and performance program Ableton Live and the more advanced Ableton Suite as well as a collection of related instruments and sample libraries.
 Seltaeb was a company set up in 1963 by Nicky Byrne (né Douglas Anthony Nicholas Byrne) to exclusively look after merchandising interests on behalf of Brian Epstein who managed NEMS Enterprises and The Beatles: John Lennon Paul McCartney George Harrison and Ringo Starr.Directly prior to The Beatles' first American visit Brian Epstein wanted someone to manage the escalating volume of merchandising requests that NEMS found itself unable to cope with and asked his lawyer David Jacobs to oversee this task. 
 The University of Information Science (Spanish: Universidad de las Ciencias Informáticas; UCI also known as the University of Information Sciences and University of Informatics Sciences) is a university research center based in Havana Cuba in the municipality of Boyeros. Born as a project of the Cuban Revolution called the Future Project which has two objectives: to computerize the country and develop the software industry to contribute to economic development the same.
 Independent Energy Partners Inc. (IEP) is an oil shale resources company based in Parker Colorado the United States. It is a developer of the Geothermic Fuels Cells Process an in-situ shale oil extraction process. CEO of the company is Alan K. Forbes.
 Viridus is a Massachusetts-based online professional network startup. It was originally founded in 2007 in Arlington Massachusetts by Furqan Nazeeri Entrepreneur-in-Residence at Softbank Capital and Michael DiPietro a former VP at an environmental health and safety software company. In April 2008 the company announced the beginning of a private beta.Viridus is a mashup of the Latin root virid meaning green and us or community. It is pronounced veer-id-us.
 Saffron Brand Consultants is an independent global brand consultancy specialising in business transformation brand strategy and design. The company has offices in Madrid London New York Mumbai Vienna and Istanbul. Founded in 2001 by Wally Olins and Jacob Benbunan.
 Liu Jo S.p.A. (stylized as LIU•JO) is an Italian fashion company founded by Marchi brothers in 1995 in Carpi (Modena) Italy.
 Sappi Limited originally South African Pulp and Paper Industries (SAPPI) Limited today is a global pulp and paper company group. Sappi has its largest market in Europe with a share of 54%.
 Hoagland Longo Moran Dunst & Doukas LLP (often shortened to Hoagland Longo) is a law firm based in downtown New Brunswick New Jersey with offices in New York City; Philadelphia Pennsylvania; New York; Wall Township New Jersey; Clinton New Jersey; and Hammonton New Jersey. The firm was founded in 1977 and employs approximately 100 attorneys within various general practice areas.
 The Joyland Amusement Park is a small family-owned traditional amusement park located in Lubbock Texas USA within Lubbock's Mackenzie Park. It typically operates from March to September of each year opening 7 days a week but only during the evening on weeknights.
 Bissell Inc. also known as Bissell Homecare is a privately owned vacuum cleaner and floor care product manufacturing corporation headquartered in Walker Michigan in Greater Grand Rapids; the headquarters has a Grand Rapids Michigan postal address. The company is the number one manufacturer of floor care products in North America in terms of sales with 20% marketshare.
 Yaxing Coach (Yangzhou Yaxing Motor Coach Co. Ltd) is a bus manufacturer based in Yangzhou Jiangsu China. It is a subsidiary of Jiangsu Yaxing that was founded in 1998. Buses are produced under the Yaxing and Yangtse brands.
 Hornady Manufacturing Company is an American manufacturer of ammunition and handloading components based in Grand Island Nebraska.The company was founded by Joyce Hornady in 1949 and is currently run by his son Steve Hornady who took over after his father's death in a plane crash in 1981. Hornady makes target shooting and hunting rounds as well as high quality self-defense loads.
 Nismo (abbreviated from Nissan Motorsport International Limited (ニッサン・モータースポーツ・インターナショナル株式会社 Nissan Mōtā Supōtsu Intānashonaru Kabushiki-gaisha)) is the motorsports and performance division of Nissan Motor Company. Formed in 1984 as a result of a merger of two motorsport departments Nismo cars have participated in JSPC Formula Nippon JTCC 24 Hours of Le Mans and 24 Hours of Daytona. They currently participate in the Super GT and FIA GT Championship.
 Landi Renzo S.p.A (also called just Landi) is a multinational company headquartered in Cavriago Province of Reggio Emilia Italy. Landi produces autogas and compressed natural gas systems for cars.
 PropEquity based in India is an online subscription based real estate data and analytics platform covering 40 cities in India.
 The Biblical Archaeology Society is a non-denominational organization that supports and promotes biblical archaeology. It publishes Biblical Archaeology Review. Its past publications included Bible Review (1985–2005) and Archaeology Odyssey (1998–2006). The Biblical Archaeology Society also publishes books about biblical archaeology aimed at a general readership.
 Get'em Boy L.L.C (also known as GB) is an American business enterprise specializing in producing clothing and fight gear targeted at the mixed martial arts community and streetwear as well as supporting local community and fundraising opportunities.Former Pro-Boxer Lou Ramos (four times Golden Glove Champion three times Mid-Atlantic Champion and two time Pennsylvania Keystone Title Holder) and his wife Katina Ramos founded the company in 2002 in Lancaster Pennsylvania.
 Margański & Mysłowski Zakłady Lotnicze (Margański & Mysłowski Aviation Works) is a Polish aircraft and glider manufacturer located in Bielsko-Biała. It designs and manufactures unlimited category aerobatic gliders and powered aircraft wind turbines and composite structures.
 Chance Morgan Coasters Inc. is a roller coaster and amusement ride manufacturer. It was formed on June 14 2001 when Michael Chance grandson of Chance Rides founder Richard H. Chance acquired the assets of roller coaster builder D. H. Morgan Manufacturing of La Selva Beach California. At the time Chance Rides was going through bankruptcy reorganization and neither Chance Industries nor Chance Rides had any equity in the company.
 Bodø Energi is a municipal owned power company that serves Bodø Norway. It operates the power grid with 24000 customers in Bodø as well as Heggmoen power station.
 Adventure International was a video game publishing company that existed from 1978 until 1985. It was started by Scott and Alexis Adams. Their games were notable for being the first implementation of the adventure genre to run on a microcomputer system. The adventure game concept originally came from Colossal Cave Adventure which ran strictly on large mainframe systems at the time.
 Merck KGaA (d.b.a. EMD Millipore in the U.S. and Canada) is a German chemical and pharmaceutical company. Merck also known as “German Merck” and “Merck Darmstadt” was founded in Darmstadt Germany in 1668 making it the world's oldest operating chemical and pharmaceutical company. The company was privately owned until going public in 1995.
 Guerrilla Cambridge (formerly SCE Cambridge Studio) is part of Sony Computer Entertainment Worldwide Studios was formed in July 1997 when Sony Computer Entertainment Europe acquired the Millennium development studio from Cyberlife Ltd. The developer is mainly well known for making the MediEvil series on the original PlayStation and also the PlayStation Portable.
 Concord Records is a American record label now based in Beverly Hills California.
 Locus Computing Corporation was formed in 1982 by Gerald J. Popekto commercialize the technologies developed for the LOCUS distributed operating system at UCLA. Locus was notable for commercializing single-system image software and producing the Merge package which allowed the use of DOS and Windows 3.1 software on Unix systems.Locus was acquired by Platinum Technology Inc in 1995.
 Sub Pop is a record label founded in 1986 by Bruce Pavitt and Jonathan Poneman in Seattle Washington. Sub Pop achieved fame in the late 1980s for first signing Nirvana Soundgarden Mudhoney and many other bands from the Seattle music scene.
 Pacific Air Express is an airline based in Brisbane Queensland Australia. It operates cargo services to Honiara Nauru and Port Vila; and charter flights in the South Pacific area. Its main bases are Brisbane Airport and Honiara International Airport.
 Verkkokauppa.com Oyj is Finland’s largest most known and most visited online retailer that offers over 48 000 different items from 22 main categories at always probably cheaper prices. Company sells its products through its three megastores and over 2500 pickup locations in Finland and also home delivered and installed. Company was established in 1992 and it has over 400 employees in three locations.
 Citistore (Hong Kong) Limited (Chinese: 千色(香港)有限公司) or Citistore (Chinese: 千色百貨) is a department store company in Hong Kong. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Henderson Land Development a flagship enterprise owned by Dr. Lee Shau Kee. Established in 1989 it has branches in Tsuen Wan Yuen Long Ma On Shan Tseung Kwan O and Tai Kok Tsui and two id:c where is a new domain for young generation. The main customers of Citistore are young people in middle income group.
 UbiCare provides a platform for researchers and health care providers to deliver important health information to patients via social media. One article dubs them “the first healthcare content marketplace” with a business model loosely based on Apple's App Store but focused in the healthcare industry.The company uses evidence-based content and a platform for care providers to interact with social media users.
 Ironclad Games is a Canadian PC game developer. The company was founded in 2003 by former employees of Barking Dog Studios/Rockstar Games. Ironclad is located in Burnaby British Columbia.
 Pustak is an online bookstore that specializes in selling US and UK Editions of books as well as any rare and hard to find book. It was formally launched on 27 March 2009 by Kumar Pustak Mall Private Limited. The company is based in Bangalore India and was founded by Anand Rao the current CEO. Narayana Murthy Chairman of the Board and Chief Mentor Infosys Technologies was the Chief Guest at the launch of Pustak.co.in. At the launch Mr.
 iZ3D Inc. was an American company that developed and sold software which enabled the usage of many different 3D techniques on NVidia and ATI graphic cards and also sold stereoscopic monitors based on polarization technology.
 FMR Records is an English music company record label comprising the major record label FMR Music. Founded by current CEO Trevor Taylor in 1972. It is a specialist record label providing Jazz and improvisational percussion music.
 CAMECA is a manufacturer of scientific instruments namely material analysis instruments based on Charged particle beam ions or electrons
 Corolis (formerly Transports Urbains du Beauvaisis abbreviated to TUB) is the local public transport operator in the town Beauvais and its suburbs in northern France that opened on 2010.
 The Flanders Automobile Company was a short-lived US-American automobile manufacturer which operated in Detroit Michigan from 1910 to 1913.It was the brainchild of Walter E. Flanders (1871–1923) who formerly held a position as General Factory Manager at the Ford Motor Company's Piquette avenue plant. There he co-invented the ingenious manufacturing methods which made the Model T Ford so famous.In 1908 Flanders left the Ford Motor Company and co-founded together with Bernard F.
 The Original Pantry Cafe is an iconic coffee shop and restaurant in Los Angeles California. Located at the corner of 9th and Figueroa in Downtown L.A.'s South Park district The Pantry (as it is known by locals) claims to never have closed or been without a customer since it opened in 1924 including when it changed locations in 1950 to make room for a freeway off-ramp. It served lunch in the original location and served dinner at the new location the same day.
 Exim Bank (Tanzania) (EBT) is a commercial bank in Tanzania. The bank is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Tanzania the national banking regulator.
 Koalapop is an independent clothing brand and website founded in 2007 by 'Allen J' (James).
 Norrlandsflyg AB is a Swedish helicopter operator which provides search and rescue under contract with the Swedish Maritime Administration and air ambulance services for Västra Götaland County. The company has its headquarters and technical base at Göteborg City Airport (Säve) and helicopters stationed in Gällivare Gothenburg Ronneby Sundsvall Stockholm and Visby. Norrlandsflyg operates twelve Sikorsky S-76 helicopters.
 Robin Hood bicycles is an English manufacturer. Made in Nottingham by the Raleigh Bicycle Company many of whose bicycles were imported into the United States. Best known for their three speeds they were an economy line for Raleigh. They also imported racing bikes as the Lenton Sports.
 Gaggia is an Italian company that makes coffee machines especially espresso and cappuccino machines in addition to small kitchen appliances. The company is owned by Saeco International Group a division of Dutch consumer electronics giant Philips.
 Laboral Kutxa is a basque credit union. It was born in March 2012 as a result of the merging of Caja Laboral Popular Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito (known as Caja Laboral in Spanish or Euskadiko Kutxa in Basque language) and Ipar Kutxa Rural Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito (known as Ipar Kutxa). The merging project was announced in March 2012 and completed eight months later in September 2012 although the new company wasn't officially presented until April 2013.
 Svenska Kraftnät is an electricity and natural gas transmission system operator in Sweden. It is a state-owned public utility which was created in 1992 by splitting the former government agency Vattenfall into a power generation company (Vattenfall AB) and a transmission company.
 AireSpring is a Competitive Local Exchange Carrier that provides voice and data services to businesses. Headquartered in Van Nuys California the company provides voice data and IP services to around 10000 small medium-sized and large enterprises in more than 80 major metropolitan markets across the United States.
 Dented Records is a record label headquartered in the United Kingdom and best known as the home to critically acclaimed hip-hop act Foreign Beggars and Focused Few.Dented Records record label was established in 2003 by Foreign Beggars as a vehicle to release their own material. The label saw the release of their first single Where did the Sun Go ft. Dark Circle (Jazz Fudge) and Tommy Evans establish the name and the brand.
 NewTek Inc. is a San Antonio Texas–based hardware and software company that produces live and post-production video tools and visual imaging software for personal computers. The company was founded in 1985 in Topeka Kansas U.S. by Tim Jenison and Paul Montgomery.
 Uny Co. Ltd. (ユニー株式会社 Yunii Kabushiki Kaisha) (TYO: 8270 NGO:8270) is a company that operates a chain of supermarkets in Japan. Most of the stores are mainly located in the Chūbu and Kantō regions with an international branch in Cityplaza Taikoo Shing Hong Kong operated by Uny (HK) Co. Ltd. with a brand name called APiTA. The company is headquartered in Inazawa Aichi Prefecture.
 Far Eastern Group (FEG Chinese T: 遠東集團 S:远东集团 P: Yuǎndōng Jítuán) a Taiwanese conglomerate that was founded in China in 1937 is one of the biggest conglomerates in Taiwan.Xu Youxiang (a.k.a. Y. Z. Hsu) was the founder of the group.
 Lucchini RS S.p.A. (formerly Lucchini Sidermeccanica S.p.A. and where the acronym RS stands for Rolling Stock) is an Italian Company fully owned by the Lucchini Family through a financial holding called Sinpar S.p.A. and divided from Gruppo Lucchini which was under Russian control of Mr Mordashov and Severstal from 2005 till 2007.
 Pied Piper Comics was a short-lived American comic book publishing company that ran from 1986 to 1988. Most of its titles were picked up from other publishers and then most later moved to Innovation Publishing.
 Safe Harbor Certified Seafood is the first brand developed under San Rafael California based Micro Analytical Systems Inc. (MASI). Seafood bearing the Safe Harbor seal is tested for overall mercury content to be under the FDA's action level of 1ppm histamine Escherichia coli O157:H7(E.coli O157:H7) and salmonella. Every large fin fish is individually tested by MASI personnel so the maximum mercury level in that fish does not exceed the limit set for that species.
 National Accident Helpline is an injury claims management company in the United Kingdom. It is a private for-profit company. The company and its panel of solicitors deduct their fees from clients on a no win no fee basis removing the financial risk from making a claim.
 In.com is the an online venture from Web18 a Network 18 group company and one of India’s online networks based in Mumbai. It has been on-line since August 2008. As of December 2012 In.com is ranked No. 18 in the Alexa traffic rankings in India.In.com has a meta-aggregator a web crawler which works for a dynamic and continuous mapping of the internet from which the most searched for and relevant sites are showcased for the user.
 Netlist Inc. is a multinational company headquartered in Irvine California that designs and manufactures a wide variety of high-performance logic-based memory subsystems for global datacenter and high-performance computing and communications markets. The company primarily markets and sells memory products to original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) customers. Netlist has more than 200 employees and an annual revenue of US$ 60.7 million as of 2011. The stock was added to NASDAQ in late 2006.
 About Face Media (sometimes referred to as AboutFace) is an American video agency that produces and promotes short-form documentaries within social media on behalf of commercial clients. The company was founded in 2007 as an independently-owned new media content marketing agency and later narrowed its focus to documentary.
 Reekus Records is an Irish record label and publishing company based in Dublin founded by Elvera Butler in 1981. The label specializes in the promotion of mostly Irish alternative music.
 EMI Czech Republic is a record label in Czech Republic. Initially it was label Monitor. It was bought by EMI in 1994 and continued under the name Monitor / EMI s.r.o. Later it was renamed to EMI Czech Republic s.r.o.The label is currently owned by the Universal Music Group but was sold to Warner Music Group in February alongside other EMI labels for US$765 million.
 Arcade Zone is a video game company started in London by Titus members Carlo Perconti and Lyes Belaidouni whom both of them later created Toka and HyperDevbox Japan. The first company started by the duo went defunct in 1995.
 ChicaGo Dash is an express bus service between Chicago Illinois and Valparaiso Indiana. It is jointly run by the city of Valparaiso and the Valparaiso Redevelopment Commission with substantial financial support from the Northwest Indiana Regional Development Authority. It was launched on October 6 2008.
 Aviation Industry Corporation of China (Abbreviate: AVIC Chinese: 中国航空工业集团公司) is a Chinese state-owned aerospace and defense company.
 GHS Strings is a Battle Creek Michigan based guitar and bass guitar string manufacturer. The company was founded in 1964 and in 1975 was bought by Robert McFee who is still the CEO as of 2011. The name GHS comes from the surnames of the company's founders — Gould Holcomb and Solko.
 Dingwall Designer Guitars is a manufacturer of bass guitars and electric guitars based in Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. It employs the fanned-fret system started by Novax for manufacturing basses increasing the scale length of the strings on the bass side of the guitar compared to the treble side. This design is more akin to a piano or harp giving the bass strings length that increases the sustain.
 JLG Industries Inc. an Oshkosh Corporation company is an American designer manufacturer and marketer of access equipment (aerial work platforms and telehandlers). The company’s products extend beyond its own well-known brand of AWPs and telehandlers to SkyTrak® and Lull® telehandlers; TRIPLE-L® trailers LiftPod® and a growing line of JLG® vertical and mobile stock picking lifts for material handling applications.
 3DVIA is a brand of Dassault Systèmes that is focused on the development of 3D authoring publishing and hosting tools for professional and consumer markets. The company’s products are targeted at manufacturing design and marketing professionals with a stated mission of utilizing 3D technology as a communication medium.
 National Career Fairs is a company founded in 2001 by Scott Lobenberg to produce job fairs in cities across the United States. The events are a place where job seekers meet face-to-face with employers educational institutions and professional résumé writers.
 Industrial and Commercial Development Corporation (ICDC) is a government-owned development finance and investment company in Kenya.
 Michael Helliet Management is a London based agency that provides professional boxing management and currently represents over 40 professional boxers including Heavyweight Danny Williams and Undefeated English Champion Ashley Sexton.
 Continental Resources is a Top 10 petroleum liquids producer in the United States and has large holdings in the Bakken formation tight oil area of North Dakota and Montana. Based in Oklahoma City the company also has a leading presence in the Anadarko Woodford Play of Oklahoma and the Red River Units Play of North Dakota South Dakota and Montana. Founded in 1967 Continental’s growth strategy has focused on crude oil since the 1980s.
 Manjul Publishing House Pvt. Ltd (also known as Manjul Publications) is a publishing house in Bhopal India. It is well known for the translation of the Harry Potter novels into Hindi. It was established in 1999.The first novel Harry Potter aur Paras Pathar sold 16 thousand copies in one week. During the March 2003 London Book Fair J.K. Rowling recommended her Literary Agent Christopher Little to arrange for translations and around 20 Publishing house were invited for the same.
 Sony Financial Holdings Inc. (ソニーフィナンシャルホールディングス株式会社 Sonī Finansharu Hōrudingusu Kabushiki-gaisha) (TYO: 8729) is a holding company for Sony's financial services business. It owns and oversees the operation of Sony Life Insurance Sony Assurance Sony Bank Sony Bank Securities and Sony Life Insurance (Philippines). Headquartered in Tokyo Japan.
 Midwest Wireless was a wireless telephone company serving southern Minnesota northern Iowa and western Wisconsin in the United States. The company served roughly 400000 customers and used CDMA phone technology.The company's slogan was We answer to you. The headquarters were in Mankato Minnesota. The coverage region of Midwest Wireless excluded the Twin Cities metropolitan area. Midwest Wireless provided 2G and 3G service using CDMA 2000 and EV-DO technologies.
 Mitchell & Ness Nostalgia Co. is a sports clothing company located in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The company was established in 1904 and is the oldest sporting goods company in Philadelphia. By license agreements with Major League Baseball the National Basketball Association National Football League National Hockey League and the Collegiate Licensing Company the company has been producing vintage sports goods such as jerseys jackets hats and wool-felt historic pennants.
 Shriro Group is a private company headquartered in Hong Kong. Shriro was founded in 1906 as a family business in Harbin Northern China. The first international office was set up in 1917 in Yokohama Japan.
 KMS Tools is a Canadian retailer of power tools woodworking metalworking and construction equipment. It was started in Coquitlam BC in 1983 by Stan Pridham.
 Obese Records is a record label that releases music from the Australian hip hop genre. It is the largest Australian independent hip hop label including performers Pegz Thundamentals and Dialectrix. Obese Records also operates two retail stores in Melbourne a record distribution company a soul imprint named Plethora Records and operates the artists' management and touring company Obese Records Artist Management.
 Elastic Path™ Software is a privately held company that provides an enterprise level Java ecommerce platform and ecommerce consulting to businesses selling digital goods and services. Founded in 2000 by Harry Chemko Mark Williams and Jason Billingsley Elastic Path evolved from offering web services to specializing in ecommerce solutions. To date Elastic Path has a client base of more than 200 customers worldwide and more than 150 employees at offices in UK and Canada.
 Ukiyotei Company Ltd. (有限会社浮世亭) was a short-lived Japanese video game-developing studio. It was founded by Kenshi Naruse who was formerly an employee of Capcom. The company was well known for developing the SNES version of Hook Skyblazer and some games based on the Metal Slug franchise.
 Ando Media “Ando” is a company formed in 2004 by a software company Ando Media Inc. and Aritaur Communications Inc. an owner of radio stations and Internet related ventures. Ando provides a number of products which it licenses to the internet radio and content delivery industry that assist stations in monetizing their audience.
 Electronics Expo is a local NJ-based retailer of high-end electronics. The independently owned company which opened its first retail location in 2004 has already grown to eight stores. Electronics Expo is the recipient of the Consumer Electronics Daily News 2007 Dynamic Growth Award and Audio/Video International Magazine Retailer of the Year award in 2006.
 The Factory was the name of Andy Warhol's New York City studio which had three different locations between 1962 and 1984. The original Factory was on the fifth floor at 231 East 47th Street in Midtown Manhattan. The rent was only about one hundred dollars a year.[citation needed] Warhol left in 1968 when the building was scheduled to be torn down to make way for an apartment building.
 Illovo Sugar Limited based in Mount Edgecombe Durban South Africa is a leading sugar producer and a significant manufacturer of downstream products. The group is Africa’s biggest sugar producer and has extensive agricultural and manufacturing operations in six African countries.
 New England Compounding Center (NECC) is a compounding pharmacy founded in 1998. Based in Framingham Massachusetts NECC is a family-run business owned by Barry J. Cadden his wife Lisa Cadden and her brother Gregory Conigliaro.The company is the center of the New England Compounding Center meningitis outbreak scandal that started in May 21 2012 and is linked to 44 deaths.
 Linear Acoustic is an American company based in Lancaster Pennsylvania that develops technology and manufacturers equipment used by television stations cable television and satellite television services providers post-production facilities and other content services providers to control measure manage and monitor multi-channel digital audio.
 Xavient Information Systems Inc headquartered in Simi Valley California is a provider of global IT services providing outsourcing and technology solutio]s to the telecommunication industry. It has multiple locations in the United States and offshore delivery centers in India and Sri Lanka.
 Matalan is a British fashion and homeware retailer based in Skelmersdale UK. It was founded by John Hargreaves in 1985. Matalan have 217 stores across the UK. The Chairman is John Mills and the Managing Director at Matalan is Jason Hargreaves.
 Itochu Corporation (伊藤忠商事株式会社 Itōchū Shōji Kabushiki-gaisha known in English as C. Itoh & Co. until 1992) is a Japanese corporation based in Umeda Kita-ku Osaka and Aoyama Minato Tokyo.Itochu is the third-largest Japanese sogo shosha (general trading company) after Mitsubishi Corporation and Mitsui & Co.
 Shenzhen Energy Group Company Limited formerly Shenzhen Energy Investment Company Limited is one of the main power generation companies in Shenzhen Guangdong China. It involves in developing all types of energies researching and investing high new energy-related technologies.
 City Index Group is a broker providing online financial spread betting FX and CFD trading. As well as Britain it operates in Australia China Singapore Hungary Poland Israel and Germany. Today the group consists of the City Index Limited Finspreads FX Solutions and IFX Markets brands.
 The Tangbunia Bank (whose name has been widely mis-reported as Tari Bunia) is a bank run by the Turaga indigenous movement on Pentecost Island in Vanuatu. It is notable for dealing in items of customary wealth such as hand-woven mats shells or pig tusks rather than Western currency. Accounts at the bank are reckoned in livatu a unit equivalent to the value of one fully curved boar's tusk.The Tangbunia Bank has fourteen branches throughout the island with its headquarters at Lavatmanggemu.
 The Spectra Music Group is a United States music company founded in February 1997 comprising the independent record companies Spectra Records Monarchy Records Spectra Jazz and Spectra Heritage—which is based in the United States Canada and United Kingdom.
 MachineGames (corporate name MachineGames Sweden AB) is a video game developer based in Uppsala Sweden.
 Château Quintus is a wine estate of 15 ha located in Saint-Émilion in the AOC of the same name. Formerly named Château Tertre Daugay a Classified Growth of Saint-Émilion it is the property of Quintus SAS a subsidiary of Domaine Clarence Dillon SAS.From the 2011 vintage the grand vin is called Château Quintus and the second wine Le Dragon de Quintus.
 ConocoPhillips Alaska Inc. is a subsidiary of ConocoPhillips with its headquarters in Anchorage Alaska. The company has major lease holdings on the North Slope and is Alaska's largest producer of oil and gas employing about 1000 persons.
 MatterHackers is an Orange County-based company founded in 2012 that supplies 3D printing materials and tools. MatterHackers is developing their 3D printer control software MatterControl.
 Cuadrilla Resources is an oil and gas exploration and production company with headquarters and operations in the United Kingdom. It is best known for its ongoing effort to develop shale gas in the UK by using hydraulic fracturing. Its chairman is Lord Browne former chief of BP and President of The Royal Academy of Engineering from 2006− 2011. The chief executive is Francis Egan.The company was founded in 2007.
 Zevia is a Los Angeles-based company that produces zero-calorie soft drinks sweetened with stevia and erythritol. Zevia was founded by Derek Newman Jessica Newman and Ian Eisenberg. Donald Thrasher was the company's initial Chief Operating Officer. Zevia LLC was originally DrinkZevia LLC which was based on a merger with Thrasher Beverage Corporation.
 The Rebellion Beer Company in Marlow Bottom Buckinghamshire England is a microbrewery that produces regular and seasonal beers. It uses the chalky water of the local Chiltern Hills which has high levels of minerals and salts.
 Falcon Entertainment (also known as Falcon Studios) an United States company based in San Francisco California is one of the world's largest producers of gay pornography.[citation needed]Founded in 1971 by Chuck Holmes the company is one of the most recognizable brand names in gay pornography.
 Black Hills Corporation is a Rapid City South Dakota diversified energy company that is an electric and gas utility in South Dakota and Wyoming and sells power throughout the American West.It derives its name from its home in the Black Hills of South Dakota.
 Gousto is a British Internet retailer headquartered in Shepherds Bush London. The company was founded by Timo Schmidt and James Carter in June 2012.Gousto's product is an ingredient box sold directly to consumers in proportions designed for consumers to cook meals at home.In August 2013 Gousto's co-founders appeared on the BBC's Dragons' Den.
 Powercor Australia is an electricity distribution company that operates throughout western Victoria and the western and southern suburbs of Melbourne.The company maintains and owns power lines substations and street lights and also manages the largest distribution network in Victoria. It is said by the Chief Executive of Powercor that Powercor owns the most reliable electricity network in Australia.
 Caledonian Maritime Assets Limited (usually shortened to CMAL or CMAssets; Stòras Mara Cailleannach Earr in Scottish Gaelic) owns the ferries ports harbours and infrastructure for the ferry services serving the west coast of Scotland and the Firth of Clyde.CMAL is a wholly owned public corporation of the Scottish Government with Scottish Ministers as sole shareholders.
 Akaoni Studio S.L. is a Spanish videogame developer and publishing company founded in 2009.It’s first success Zombie Panic in Wonderland has turned Akaoni into one of the first Spanishbusinesses to publish in Japan by making them number one in sales for WiiWare in the country.
 Tedeschi Food Shops is a chain of 189 convenience stores (as of March 2010) located primarily in Massachusetts with ten stores in New Hampshire two stores in Rhode Island and one store in Connecticut.
 Digital Federal Credit Union (DCU) is a credit union based in Marlborough Massachusetts. It has over 380000 members and is among the top 25 credit unions in the U.S.A. and the largest credit union headquartered in New England as measured by assets. DCU has over $4 Billion USD in assets.
 MicroPlace is a US microfinance provider that focuses on retail investors. Started by Tracey Pettengill Turner in 2006 MicroPlace was bought out by eBay Inc that same year.MicroPlace provides everyday investors with the ability to make investments in the microfinance industry that have the potential to earn interest.
 The Smurfit Kappa Group is Europe's leading corrugated packaging company and one of the leading paper-based packaging companies in the world.
 Commerce National Bank is an American commercial bank founded in 1991 with $600 million in assets. It is a subsidiary of First Merchants Corporation and is headquartered in Columbus Ohio and has a regional office in Cincinnati. Commerce provides a variety of banking services to small- and mid-sized businesses. Within its business-only niche Commerce National Bank is known for its specialty in health-care finance.
 Island Air Charters is a charter airline based in Tauranga New Zealand. The airline is owned by Paul Ensor and does charter services around the Bay of Plenty using Britten-Norman aircraft. The airline's license has been suspended following a crash on 28 December 2006. Nobody was injured in the crash.
 Redline Coaches is Tasmania's largest coach operator. It operates both route and charter services.
 Dupont Brewery (in French: Brasserie Dupont) is a brewery located in Tourpes (Leuze-en-Hainaut) in the centre of West-Hainaut Belgium. The current brewery founded in 1950 is located on a working farm which dates back to 1759 and has significant brewing history. In the 1990s a bread bakery and cheese-making facility were added.Historically their best-selling beer was the Moinette Blonde.
 Cranberry Production GmbH is a German video game developer located in Hamburg. It is a subsidiary of dtp entertainment an independent video games publisher based in Hamburg.
 Odense Steel Shipyard (Danish: Odense Staalskibsværft) was a Danish shipbuilding company located in Odense. It was best known for building container ships for its parent group A.P. Moller – Maersk Group including the Mærsk E-class in 2006 which at the time were the biggest container ships in the world. The global financial crisis led to Maersk announcing its closure in 2009 and the last new ship was delivered in January 2012.
 Metronome Records was a historical Swedish record label that was established in 1949 by Anders Burman Lars Burman and Börje Ekberg. Concentrating on Pop and Jazz it had big operations not only in Sweden but also in Denmark and Germany.The label had signed artists like Alice Babs Charlie Norman Sonya Hedenbratt Kalle Sändare Cornelis Vreeswijk Jailbird Singers Owe Thörnqvist Pugh Rogefeldt Ola Magnell Bernt Staf John Holm and many others.
 The Matilda Bay Brewing Company is an Australian brewery. It was the first new brewery opened in Australia since World War II and Australia's first craft brewery. Originating from small batches brewed for the Sail and Anchor hotel in 1984 their main brewery opened in 1989 in a prominent building on the Stirling Highway occupied by Ford Motor Company. The company was purchased by Carlton & United Breweries in the early 1990s (now part of SABMiller).
 EMTEC is part of the Dexxon Group headquartered in Gennevilliers France and markets consumer computer data storage products and other computer related consumables. Dexxon Group's North American subsidiary Dexxxon Digital Storage Inc. is located in Lewis Center Ohio. EMTEC evolved from BASF Magnetics producing magnetic tapes. Between 1998 and 2002 all of BASF's cassette lineup (Ferro Extra Chrome Extra and Chrome Super along with the budget tapes Sound 1 and Sound 2) were rebranded EMTEC.
 Sky Zone is a chain of indoor family entertainment centers in the United States and Canada that features numerous connected trampolines. Visitors to Sky Zone can bounce and flip from one trampoline to another leap into pits filled with foam blocks and play a trampoline-based version of dodgeball. Since its launch in 2004 in the Las Vegas Valley Sky Zone has expanded to 17 states and one Canadian province with plans for locations in additional states and provinces.
 Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corporation (PAGCOR) is the Philippines 1st largest contributor of revenue after the Tax and Customs Authority. It is a government owned and controlled corporation first established in by Presidential Decree 1067-A and entered itself in a contract with Philippine Casino Operators Corporation (PCOC) in operating the floating casino in the Manila Bay in 1977.
 United Devices Inc. was a privately held commercial distributed computing company that focused on the use of grid computing to manage high-performance computing systems and enterprise cluster management. Its products and services allowed users to allocate workloads to computers and devices throughout enterprises aggregating computing power that would normally go unused. It operated under the name Univa UD for a time after merging with Univa on September 17 2007.
 Mozo (Money zone) is an Australian banking and insurance comparison website. The site compares home loans credit cards debit cards car loans personal loans savings accounts term deposits car insuranceand life insurance.
 Vivid Superheroes aka VividXXXSuperheroes is an imprint under American adult video producer Vivid Entertainment as part of its Vivid Parodies division that specializes in superhero-themed parody porn. The imprint was formed in May 2010 following the success of Batman XXX: A porn parody whose director Axel Braun became its lead director.
 Med Airlines is a cargo airline based in Casablanca Morocco. It operates cargo charters in Europe and West Africa. Its main base is Mohammed V International Airport Casablanca.
 Ebony Fashion Fair (also known as the Ebony Traveling Fashion Fair) was an annual fashion event created by Eunice Johnson co-founder of Chicago-based Johnson Publishing Company.
 ECCO Sko A/S is a Danish shoe manufacturer and retailer founded in 1963 by Karl Toosbuy in Bredebro Denmark. The company began with only the production of footwear but has since expanded into leather production as well as footwear accessories.ECCO claims to be the only major shoe company to own and manage every step of the production process from tannery to retail. ECCO opened its first retail store in Denmark in 1982. It is currently retailed in over 4000 locations worldwide.
 WayForward Technologies is an American video game developer based in Valencia California. Founded in 1990 by technology entrepreneur Voldi Way WayForward started by developing games for consoles such as the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and Sega Genesis as well as TV games and PC educational software.
 Maganlal Dresswala or Maganlal Dresswala & Co. is a noted costumer and costume designer for Bollywood productions. Established in 1926 as a small shop in Kalbadevi Mumbai it is most known for its period costumes in Ram Rajya (1943) Mughal-e-Azam (1960) and Anarkali (1953) and mythological TV series Ramanand Sagar's Ramayan (1987-1988) and B.R.
 Fortunair Canada was an Charter Airlines airline based Canada.
 Trekky Records is an independent record label based in Chapel Hill North Carolina. The label was created in 2001 by Chapel Hill natives Martin Anderson and Will Hackney as an outlet for their friends' music. The label has since grown into a prominent musical collective known for releasing albums in a signature 3-part format which includes a vinyl record a compact disc and an MP3 download.
 Grass Roots is a global performance improvement company specializing in communications reward and recognition incentives and loyaltymeasurement meetings and events management. Grass Roots was founded in 1980 and is privately owned and is an associate of WPP Group.Grass Roots is co-headquartered in Miami London and Singapore with a network of offices in 27 locations worldwide in 17 countries with over 1000 employees.
 Thomas Weisel Partners Group Inc. also known as TWP or Weisel is a U.S. growth focused investment banking firm based in San Francisco California. The firm was launched in January 1999 by Thom Weisel and other personnel from the former Montgomery Securities. In 1997 Thom Weisel helped to orchestrate a $1.3 billion acquisition of Montgomery Securities by NationsBank.
 San-Ai Oil Co. Ltd. (三愛石油株式会社 San-Ai Sekiyu Kabushiki-gaisha) (TYO: 8097) is a Japanese corporation dealing in petroleum products aviation fuel storage and related services. Established in 1952 San-Ai has a capitalization of 10.1 billion yen.[citation needed] It is a member of the Ricoh San-Ai Group. Its headquarters are in Shinagawa Tokyo. In December 2004 San-Ai purchased Kygnus Oil from Tonen General Sekiyu and Nichimo which each owned 50% of Kygnus.[citation needed]
 Broadway Video is a media production and distribution company located within the Brill Building on Broadway New York United States. It was originally founded in 1979 by Lorne Michaels as a production house tasked with post-production work on his sketch comedy TV series Saturday Night Live. Broadway Video has since expanded into the production and distribution of television film and CD titles in a variety of genres although it retains a focus on comedy and works by SNL alumni.
 Ceriani was an Italian company that designed and fabricated motorcycle frames and suspensions. The company was founded by Arturo Ceriani in 1951.In the European motorcycle industry it was common for many smaller parts companies to exist each responsible for creating individual parts to later be assembled into a complete motorcycle.
 Stock is a French publisher a subsidiary of Hachette Livre which itself is part of the Lagardère Group.It was founded in the 18th century by André Cailleau who was succeeded in 1753 by Nicolas-Bonaventure Duchesne who published Voltaire and Rousseau. At the beginning of the 19th century the publisher was called Au Temple du goût.
 The Matheson was an American automobile manufactured from 1903 to 1912. The President of the company was Charles Walter Matheson born Grand Rapids Michigan March 22 1876. His brother Frank F. Matheson served as company secretary.
 CUSCO is a Japanese automotive parts company specializing in car suspension parts. They are most famous for their coilover suspensions and are a large presence in the Japanese after-market automotive scene both in the Japanese Domestic Market scene and around the globe.A notable product of CUSCO is the E-CON a coilover suspension set with electronically controlled dampers.Cusco sponsored a high performance RWD mid-engined two-door version of the Subaru WRX STI for professional racing.[1]
 JUMIA is an African online shopping site where people can purchase and browse through a wide range of electronics fashion home appliances kid’s items and more. The business was founded in 2012 by Co-founders and CEOs Jeremy Hodara and Sacha Poignonnec and has offices in Nigeria and Egypt.
 VASD – Viação Aérea Santos Dumont was a Brazilian airline founded in 1944. It was bought by and merged into Transportes Aéreos Nacional in 1952.
 Sanzigen Inc. (株式会社サンジゲン Kabushiki kaisha Sanjigen) is a Japanese animation company specializing in CGI animation. The studio was founded in 2003 become formally incorporated in 2006 by former employees of Gonzo and has contributed to various anime series and films.
 Seamiew Records was a Dutch nu metal record label. The first vand signed to the label and came up with the name was Dreadlock Pussy. Shortly after that the Belgian band Gazzoleen was signed. After two years of being active in the BeNeLux allied to Zomba Distribution the label signed two new bands: Belgian industrial band Mindstab and the Dutch/German band End Of April.
 Miramichi Transit is a provider of public transportation based in Miramichi New Brunswick Canada. Founded in 2009 it provides 3 routes in the city. Buses run from approximately 800AM to 600PM on weekdays and 700AM to 500PM on Saturdays. Transit services are provided using small 24 seat buses. The agency also offers charter services.
 Ellison-Mahon Aircraft is an American aircraft development company located in the Seattle Washington area. Its principals are Ben Ellison and Ross Mahon.
 National Research Corporation (NASDAQ: NRCIA) was set up in 1981 and now is based in Lincoln Nebraska. The company focuses on healthcare products and subscription-based solutions (analytics program and insights) in the United States and Canada.
 Radical Axis (also known as radicalaxis or Radical Axis Inc.) is an animation studio headquartered in Atlanta Georgia United States known for its diverse work in both episodic television and commercials. Founded in 2000 by Scott Fry an original animator on Aqua Teen Hunger Force for Adult Swim Radical Axis has since become one of the fastest growing studios in the Southeast.
 Anafore is the company that makes the customer referral program web application ReferralCandy a referral marketing service that plugs into existing e-commerce platforms. The web application is available to online merchants and integrates with various e-commerce platforms: Amazon Webstore Etsy Magento Shopify and Volusion. Anafore secured a first round of seed financing from BAF Spectrum engineering co-founder of Skype Toivo Annus and SPRING SEEDS Capital.
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited is India's largest private sector shipping company which mainly transports liquid gas and solid bulk products. The company has two main business: shipping and offshore. The shipping business is involved in transportation of crude oil petroleum products gas and dry bulk commodities.
 Adler Fels Winery is a California winery based in Sonoma that produces over 100 different wine labels in addition to production under its own Adler Fels brand. These include private labels for various restaurants hotels and retailers.
 Borgward was a German automobile manufacturer founded by Carl F. W. Borgward (November 10 1890 – July 28 1963). The company was based in Bremen. The Borgward group eventually produced four brands of cars: Borgward Hansa Goliath and Lloyd.
 Caltex is a petroleum brand name of Chevron Corporation used in more than 60 countries in the Asia-Pacific region the Middle East and southern Africa.
 IJM Corporation Berhad (MYX: 3336) is a company in Malaysia. IJM Corporation Berhad is one of Malaysia’s leading conglomerates and is listed on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. Its core business activities encompass construction property development manufacturing and quarrying infrastructure concessions and plantations.
 Crestline Coach Ltd. is an ambulance manufacturer located in Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada with offices in Alberta Manitoba Ontario Quebecand California. The company manufactures ambulances and specialty vehicles and also distributes buses.
 Sepura plc designs manufactures and supplies digital mobile radio products systems and applications for business and critical communications. The company specialises in both TETRA (Terrestrial Trunked Radio) and DMR (Digital Mobile Radio) technologies.Headquartered in Cambridge UK Sepura is considered a market leader in the design and manufacture of radio terminals with an international network of partners supplying organisations in over 100 countries worldwide.
 Københavns Lufthavne is a public limited company that operates two airports in Copenhagen Denmark Copenhagen Airport and Roskilde Airport. In addition the company previously held a 49% stake in Newcastle International Airport and 10% of Aeropuertos del Sureste that operated nine airports in Mexico.The largest owners of Københavns Lufthavne are Macquarie Infrastructure Company (52.4%) and the Government of Denmark (39.2%).
 GeeksPhone is a Spanish smartphone company founded in 2009. GeeksPhones most notable products are open Android phones and developer devices of Firefox OS.
 Carnation Auto is a multi-brand automotive sales and service company headquartered in Noida India.
 Compania Industrială Griviţa is a bus manufacturer based in Chitila Ilfov county Romania. The company is also specialized in vehicle servicing and spare parts production. Their main production line is the coach bus called Grivbuz.
 Symphony Limited located in Ahmedabad was established in the year 1988. It is a joint stock publicly held listed company. It manufactures products like domestic air coolers industrial air coolers and water heaters. Symphony has its operations in about 60 countries. It is also certified by the Guinness World Record Ltd. for manufacturing the world’s largest functioning air cooler.
 Cherie Amie is a U.S.-based retailer of ethical lingerie with production and operations in Cameroon Central Africa. It is the first fair trade intimate apparel company to adopt the Good Returns business model and use 100 percent of its net profits to fund microloans.
 Eden Springs with headquarters in Switzerland is providing bottled water and coffeemakers to offices. 450000 companies in 15 countries serve 368 million litres of Eden water to their visitors and employees every year[citation needed]
 Huntsworth (LSE: HNT) is a public limited company headquartered in London and listed on the London Stock Exchange. Huntsworth is an international public relations and integrated healthcare communications group operating from 70 principal offices in 32 countries. The group operates in the consumer financial public affairs integrated healthcare and technology sectors.
 The Open Mobile Terminal Platform (OMTP) was a forum created by mobile network operators to discuss standards with manufacturers of mobile phones and other mobile devices. During its lifetime the OMTP included manufacturers such as Huawei LG Electronics Motorola Nokia Samsung and Sony Ericsson
 Hello Nepal-A Nepal Satellite Telecom Company is a private telecom company operating in Nepal which is owned by ajeya raj sumargi. It is the third private company providing GSM service in Nepal but the first to start the service from rural part of the country which is least developed and without any infrastructure.The company acquired its cellular license from the Nepal Telecom Authority (NTA) to operate under the brand name 'Hello Nepal' setting mid-western region as its operational base.
 Sambrook's Brewery in Battersea London started brewing in 2008. It was founded by former city accountant Duncan Sambrook. Amongst those who helped were David Welsh the former managing director of Ringwood Brewery.
 Windfall Records was a record label started in 1969 and stopped in 1974. Windfall was first distributed by Bell Records. From 1972 until 1974 it was distributed by Columbia Records (now a sister label to Bell's successor Arista Records which was folded into RCA Records in 2011). The most successful act for Windfall was Mountain.
 Doosan Škoda Power is a subsidiary of the Doosan Group along with Doosan Babcock and Doosan Lentjes. It is an OEM steam turbine designer and manufacturer that provides systems components and maintenance services to fossil and nuclear power generation plants municipal waste-to-energy and biomass incineration plants and any manufacturing or petrochemicals application that requires turbo generator technology.Its headquarters are based in Plzeň Czech Republic.
 Ata Gears Oy is a Finnish producer of spiral bevel gears founded in 1937. The headquarter is in Tampere. The company produces transmission parts for marine and industrial applications.
 Société Calédonienne de Transports Aériens operating as Air Calédonie is the domestic airline for New Caledonia headquartered on the grounds of Magenta Airport in Nouméa. It operates scheduled passenger and cargo flights from Nouméa to 10 destinations in New Caledonia. Its main base is Magenta Airport (GEA).
 The Industrial Development Corporation of Norway or SIVA (Norwegian: Selskapet for industrivekst) is a Norwegian state enterprise responsible for government investment in incubators science parks industrial parks and real estate through partial ownership of other companies. The ultimate goal is to stimulate economic growth through strengthening Norway's capacity related to innovation and creativity.SIVA is based in Trondheim where it employs almost 40 people.
 Aleph Producciones S.A. is a film production company in Buenos Aires Argentina.
 Abarth is a racing car and road car maker founded by Carlo Abarth of Turin in 1949. Its logo is a shield with a stylized scorpion on a red and yellow background.
 Ruthless Records is an American record label founded by Gangsta rapper Eazy-E and N.W.A. manager Jerry Heller in Eazy's hometown of Compton California in 1986.
 Texas International Airlines Inc. was a United States airline known from 1944 until 1947 as Aviation Enterprises until 1969 as Trans-Texas Airways (TTa) and as Texas International Airlines until 1982 when it merged with Continental Airlines. It was headquartered near William P. Hobby Airport (HOU) in Houston Texas.With hubs at Dallas and Houston Trans-Texas Airways (TTa) was a local service airline in Texas and surrounding states.
 Kariandusi School Trust is a UK registered charity set up in 2003 for the advancement of education amongst children in rural Kenya by addressing the need for the construction of school buildings and the ongoing provision of school facilities and educational materials in and around those schools.Kariandusi School Trust is registered with the Charity Commission for England and Wales with the charity number 1101103.
 Industrial Bank Co. Ltd. SSE: 601166 (simplified Chinese: 兴业银行; traditional Chinese: 興業銀行; pinyin: Xīngyè Yínháng) is a bank based in Fuzhou Fujian China.
 Joplings was a department store located in Sunderland England which was part of the former Vergo Retail Ltd. group of department stores.
 CME is the registered trademark of Central Music Company a musical high-tech company founded in Beijing China in 1993. Its main focus is consumer and professional digital music production equipment.
 Calico Light Weapons Inc. (CLWS) is a privately held manufacturing company based in Cornelius Oregon. The company was established in 1982 in Bakersfield California and released its first production weapon in 1985. Calico was sold in 1990 but remained in Bakersfield. The company was sold again in 1991 to the original concept designer and in 1998 operations were moved to Sparks Nevada where replacement parts for existing weapons were produced.
 FundedByMe is a crowdfunding portal based in Stockholm Sweden. The company has been reported as an early entrant to the worldwide crowdfunding market and is particularly active in Scandinavia where the company has moved to the center of the Swedish and Norwegian speaking crowdfunding market by being the largest hub where musicians artists and entrepreneurs can post their projects in Swedish and Norwegian giving other products the benefit of an interested local network.
 Rutaca (Rutas Aéreas C.A.) is an airline based in Ciudad Bolívar Venezuela.
 The Tuvalu Trust Fund is an international sovereign wealth fund established to benefit Tuvalu a small central Pacific island nation by providing income to cover shortfalls in the national budget.
 Dorchester Publishing was a publisher of mass market paperback books. Although mostly known for romance Dorchester also published horror thriller and Western titles.
 Poseidon Press was an imprint of Simon & Schuster publishing operating from 1982 to 1993. The founding editor was Ann Patty who later went on to become an executive editor at Harcourt. Many of their titles were works of literary fantasy and horror.
 Sony Energy Devices Corporation is a division of Sony Corporation (SNE on NYSE) which manufactures rechargeable lithium-ion batteries used in laptops digital cameras MP3 players cell phones and other portable computer products. SEDC is one of three major Japanese battery manufacturers. Major competitors include Sanyo and Panasonic EV Energy Co. (PEVE) that dominate the market.
 Brainfeeder is an independent record label based in Los Angeles California founded by Flying Lotus in 2008 focusing on electronic music and instrumental hip hop. It has signed artists such as Ras G Samiyam The Gaslamp Killer Thundercat The Underachievers and Lapalux.
 Sanako is a technology company developing language teaching solutions teaching and classroom management software virtual learning and professional development solutions.Sanako's multimedia learning solutions are used by universities schools educational institutions and corporations in more than 100 countries. Based in Finland the company has sales offices in China India UAE UK and US.
 Mercy Gilbert Medical Center is a full-service 212-bed acute care not-for-profit hospital providing healthcare to the East Valley. Services offered include cardiovascular emergency family birth center gastroenterology pediatric and adolescent sleep center orthopedics and diagnostic services among others. The hospital is a member of Dignity Health one of the largest healthcare systems in the west with 40 hospitals in Arizona California and Nevada.
 Nicor Inc. is an energy and shipping company headquartered in Naperville Illinois. Its largest subsidiary Nicor Gas is a natural gas distribution company. Founded in 1954 the company serves more than two million customers in a service territory that encompasses most of the northern third of Illinois excluding the city of Chicago. Nicor has 32000 miles (51000 km) of pipelines.Nicor's next largest subsidiary is Tropical Shipping.
 Orbitel (UNE EPM Telecomunicaciones) is the international business unit of UNE EPM Telecomunicaciones a leading telecommunications company in Colombia. Orbitel is present in more than 20 states of the United States and Canada (though its subsidiary Cinco Telecom Corp. ) and in Spain (under the name of Orbitel Comunicaciones Latinoamericanas S.A.U.).
 Aeronáutica (also known as Gira Globo Aeronáutica after its parent company) is an airline based in Luanda Angola operating domestic chartered freight and passenger flights out of Quatro de Fevereiro Airport Luanda.
 Flying Fish Brewing Company is a small craft beer brewer founded in Cherry Hill New Jersey (approximately seven miles east of Philadelphia) in 1995 and opened for business in late 1996.
 Midway Studios – Los Angeles Inc. (formerly known as Paradox Development) was an American-based video game developer. They are best known for fighting games such as the X-Men Mutant Academy and Backyard Wrestling franchises as well as the Mortal Kombat action game spin-off Mortal Kombat: Shaolin Monks.
 Perhaps Transparent is a Jersey City New Jersey based independent record label founded by Gabriel Walsh and Stephen Connolly. The label releases psychedelic and psych folk music.
 TeleTime is a Greek local television station serving Western Greece. It includes the prefectures of Achaia Aitoloakarnania Ilia Kefalonia Lefkada and Zakynthos. Its headquarters are in Patras. It offers movies as well as local programs and programs from Greece as well as children's programs and animated series from the United States Australia and the United Kingdom.
 For the football club see Cambridge University Press F.C..Cambridge University Press is the publishing business of the University of Cambridge. Granted letters patent by Henry VIII in 1534 it is the world's oldest publishing house and the second largest university press in the world.
 The American Film Company is a film production company founded in 2008 by Joe Ricketts. Ricketts previously founded Ameritrade and with his family owns the Chicago Cubs. The American Film Company founded on the belief that real life is often more compelling than fiction produces feature films about true stories from America's past. The company has offices in New York and Los Angeles.
 Founded in 1997 by Bradley S. Jacobs and seven others United Rentals Inc. is the largest equipment rental company in the world with over 830 rental locations throughout the United States and Canada. Their customer base includes construction and industrial companies utilities municipalities and homeowners. In addition to equipment rentals the company offers new and used equipment sales safety training and 24/7 equipment service support.United Rentals is headed up by Michael J.
 Cravingz is a chain of restaurants in India specializing in low-fat frozen yogurt and fruit beverages.Cravingz was founded on 22 August 2010 in Ahmedabad India by brothers Sharvil and Sahil Shah. The chain has three stores at present. The first store was launched on 22 August 2010 at Commerce Six Roads Ahmedabad India which is also the headquarters of the chain.
 Northwest Pipe Company (NASDAQ: NWPX) was set up in 1966 and now is based in Vancouver Washington. The company focuses on welded steel pipe and other related products throughout the United States Canada and Mexico. There are mainly two segments operating in the company namely Water Transmission (leading supplier of large diameter high pressure steel pipe products) and Tubular Products.
 The Georgian Manganese Holding (GMH) is the Georgian subsidiary of the British company Stemcor producing manganese and ferroalloys. The Georgian Manganese Holding owns JSC Ferro (Zestafoni Ferroalloy Plant) in Zestafoni and Chiaturmanganumi in Chiatura.
 DongWoo Animation Co. Ltd (also known as DongWoo A&E Co. Ltd) Korean: 동우애니메이션) (Chinese name: 东宇动画制片株式会社) is an animation studio located in Seoul South Korea. It has produced many animated series and films created and produced in the United States Canada South Korea and Japan. The current CEO of the studio is Kim Young-Doo.
 Plan B Advertising Agency is a Chicago-based full-service advertising agency.Founders Ric Van Sickle Clay Cooper and Don Weaver began the group in 1999 and currently have offices in Chicago and San Francisco. They were the first agency to offer an inside look at the office with video chat web cams at their desks allowing completely transparent communication.
 TuneIn is a privately held company based in Palo Alto California founded by Bill Moore as RadioTime in Dallas Texas in 2002. TuneIn offers over 100000 live global radio stations from every continent and has over two million on-demand programs from podcasts to concerts to interviews. In August 2012 TuneIn announced that its service had 40 million monthly active listeners. RadioTime’s database is updated from automatic feeds content management staff and user contributions.
 ULLINK is an independent software company founded by electronic trading professionals and provides trading systems and services to the financial services sector.The company is headquartered in Paris with offices in New York London Hong Kong Sao Paulo Tokyo and Sydney. It was the 15th fastest growing French technology company in 2007 and an FPL Premier member.
 Automobiles Oméga-Six was a French automobile manufactured in the Paris region by Jules Daubeck between 1922 and 1930.
 Access International Advisors and Marketers (AIA Group) a Securities and Exchange Commission-registered investment advisor and a hedge fund of funds was a research analyst investment agency that specialized in managing hedged and structured investment portfolios that involve commercial physical and biological research. It was a feeder fund into the securities firm of Bernie Madoff as part of the Madoff investment scandal.
 Volvo Rents (Volvo CE Rents Inc.) is a US company that rents construction equipment to contractors and retail consumers through a network of company owned stores. They are nationally headquartered in Shippensburg PA .Volvo Rents has more 130 locations in North America. Headquartered in Shippensburg Pennsylvania the company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Volvo Group which is a publicly held company headquartered in Gothenburg Sweden.The current President and CEO is Scott Hall.
 Death Row Records is an American record company founded in 1991 by Tracy The D.O.C. Lynn Curry Andre Dr. Dre Young Marion Suge Knight Jr. and Richard Gilbert Dick Griffey. It is known to have signed many popular West Coast hip hop artists such as Dr.
 123.Net Inc. also known as 123Net is a telephone Internet and colocation provider headquartered in Southfield Michigan in the United States. It was one of the first Competitive Local Exchange Carriers to interconnect with AT&T and Verizon for the purposes of offering services through the public switched telephone network.
 Kapp Records was an independent record label started in 1954 by David Kapp brother of Jack Kapp (who had set up American Decca Records in 1934). David Kapp founded his own label after stints with Decca Records and RCA Victor Records. Kapp licensed its records to London Records for release in the UK.In 1967 David Kapp sold his label to MCA Inc.
 BaltGaz Group (known before 2013 as Baltic Gas Company) is one of the biggest manufacturers and suppliers of heating gas equipment in Russia. The head office is situated in Saint Petersburg. BaltGazGroup branch offices are spread all over Russia namely in such big cities as Moscow Krasnodar Yekaterinburg Kazan Samara Lipetsk Nizhny Novgorod Volgograd.
 The Bay Restaurant Group is a hospitality company in the United Kingdom specialising in restaurant and pub chains.
 Cinnabon is a chain of American baked goods stores and kiosks normally found in areas with high pedestrian traffic such as malls and airports. The company's signature item is a large cinnamon roll. As of July 2009 over 750 Cinnabon bakeries were operating in more than 30 countries. Its headquarters are in Sandy Springs Georgia. The company is owned by Focus Brands an affiliate of private equity firm Roark Capital Group.
 Transair Limited was an early post-World War II private independent British airline formed in 1947. It began as an air taxi operator at Croydon Airport. In 1953 it started inclusive tour (IT) charter flights. By 1957 Transair became part of the Airwork group. The following year it shifted its operating base and headquarters to Gatwick Airport. In 1960 Transair was absorbed into British United Airways (BUA) as a result of the Airwork — Hunting-Clan merger.
 Teleperformance is a global customer service technical support call center debt collection and social media company with headquarters in Paris France.The company operates about 100000 computerized workstations with more than 148571 employees across 270 contact centers in 62 countries. The company conducts programs in more than 63 different languages and dialects in various industries.
 X-Trade Brokers DM S.A. is a Polish company offering trading in financial derivatives. Founded in Poland in 2002 the company is now established in more than 15 countries in Europe South America and Asia. Its goal is to provide an effective and convenient environment for trading and investing in over-the-counter derivatives on Forex Commodities Indices and Equity CFDs. XTB also provides access to the Polish regulated market Warsaw Stock Exchange
 Ubicom was a San Jose CA-based company which developed communications and media processor (CMP) and software platforms for real-time interactive applications and multimedia content delivery in the digital home. The company provided optimized system-level solutions to OEMs for a wide range of products including wireless routers access points VoIP gateways streaming media devices print servers and other network devices.
 The Beijing Axis (TBA) group is an international corporation known primarily for their business and support services related to investment and mining operations in China and Africa.
 The F.O.D. Control Corporation is a private company that serves the aerospace industry's need for equipment and information to address FOD (Foreign Object Damage/Debris) issues in airport and manufacturing environments.Based in Dallas Texas the company helps the aerospace industry implement or improve FOD prevention programs by providing educational and training materials and equipment.
 HSBC Bank (Chile) is a subsidiary of HSBC Group. Presently the bank is focusing on corporate banking and global Treasury.
 The China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation (中國航天科技集團公司)(CASC) is the main contractor for the Chinese space program. It is state-owned and has a number of subordinate entities which design develop and manufacture a range of spacecraft launch vehicles strategic and tactical missile systems and ground equipment. It was officially established in July 1999 as part of a Chinese government reform drive having previously been one part of the former China Aerospace Corporation.
 Fwix is a local information company for developers and media publishers. The mission of the company is to index the Web by location specifically by organizing content on the Web by latitude and longitude coordinates. Fwix aggregates in real-time the news events status-updates photos reviews places and other social media in your city.
 Air New Zealand Link is a brand name under which three regional airlines operate feeder flights for Air New Zealand. They primarily connect regional centres with New Zealand's three main international airports.
 Defence Intelligence often referred to as Defintel is an information security company based in Ottawa Ontario Canada. The company characterizes itself as offering services for advanced compromise protection. Their marketing materials describe their services as being for the detection and prevention of compromised systems on a network and include their Nemesis Compromise Protection (Nemesis) and Harbinger Compromise Assessment (Harbinger) services.
 Origin Systems Inc. (sometimes abbreviated as OSI) was a video game developer based in Austin Texas which was active from 1983 to 2004. It is most famous for the Ultima and Wing Commander series.
 D. H. Morgan Manufacturing later simply known as Morgan was a manufacturer of roller coaster trains custom amusement rides roller coasters children's rides and other amusement devices. Founded in 1983 the company was originally headquartered in Scotts Valley California. In 1991 the company moved to La Selva Beach California and into a new 55000 square-foot indoor manufacturing facility that also featured an acre of outdoor space.
 Matchless is one of the oldest marques of British motorcycles manufactured in Plumstead London between 1899 and 1966. A wide range of models were produced under the Matchless name ranging from small two-strokes to 750 cc four-stroke twins.
 Musidisc is a French record label that provides music and home video distribution. It was founded in 1927 and purchased by Universal Music Group in 2004.
 Queen City Development Bank also known as Queenbankis a private development bank based in Iloilo City in the Philippines. Founded in 1981it has branches operating in key cities all over the country offering financial services to both companies and individual investors.
 LendInvest is a peer-to-peer lending platform for residential and commercial mortgages created by Montello a specialist financier based in London. It offers an crowdsourcing alternative to bank-backed mortgages of which there has been a drastic decline in the United Kingdom following the Financial Crisis of 2007–08.Launched in May 2013 the company lent £6.5 million in its first four months of operation.
 Kintetsu World Express Inc. (株式会社近鉄エクスプレス Kabushiki-gaisha Kintetsu express) or KWE is a major Japanese airfreight forwarding company.
 Alma Books is a publishing house based in Richmond UK founded in 2005 by Alessandro Gallenzi and Elisabetta Minervini the founders of Hesperus Press. It publishes mainly fiction both by authors from the English-speaking world and in translation from languages such as French German Italian Spanish and Japanese.It has published books by authors such as Anthony McCarten Robert M. Pirsig William T.
 AMIS is an Internet service provider (ISP) in Slovenia providing Nation-wide solutions for more than 105.000 domestic and business users with leading electronic communications and entertainment services. Company is situated in Maribor and Ljubljana.
 Cirquent (formerly Softlab Group) was a subsidiary of NTT Data that provides IT consulting and professional services. The company's headquarters is in Munich Germany with offices in Austria Switzerland and the UK.The company offers consulting services for automotive banking insurance telecommunications and manufacturing companies in customer management IT management finance transformation and application management.
 China Sunergy (Chinese: 中电光伏) is a Chinese solar cell products manufacturer based in Nanjing Jiangsu China. The company specializes in creating solar cells from silicon wafers. China Sunergy has a major customer base in China but also sells their products internationally. On May 17 of 2007 the company began producing both monocrystalline and multicrystalline silicon solar cells.
 South African Breweries (officially The South African Breweries Limited informally SAB) is a brewing and bottling company headquartered in Johannesburg South Africa and a wholly owned subsidiary of SABMiller. It is the dominant brewing company in South Africa with a market share of around 89 per cent.The company was founded in 1895 as Castle Breweries to serve a growing market of miners and prospectors in and around Johannesburg.
 Black Earth Farming is a public investment-run agriculture business based in Russia. It controls more than 3000 square kilometres (1200 sq mi) of land in the Black Earth Region. Their business goal has been described as the acquisition of cheap neglected but fertile land in the fertile Black Earth regions of Russia by CEO Richard Warburton. It is sometimes described as a land grab company.They have a contract with PepsiCo growing sugar beets and potatoes for them.
 Phillips Foods Inc. and Seafood Restaurants is a family owned and operated seafood company in the mid-Atlantic region United States. Phillips Foods Inc. seafood manufacturers as well as restaurateurs specializes in crab meat and crab cakes and produces a line of fish and shrimp products. Headquartered in Baltimore Maryland the company is attempting to expand its global presence with regional headquarters and a new seafood processing facility in Thailand.
 New World Records is a record label based in New York City specialising in American music. The label was established in 1975 through a Rockefeller Foundation grant to produce a 100 disc anthology covering 200 years of American music.New World Records has released over 400 albums by a variety of artists with diverse musical backgrounds including but not limited to traditional music jazz classical music popular song and experimental composition.
 The Electrical Guitar Company (also EGC) of Pensacola Florida is a manufacturer of all-aluminium and aluminium-neck electric guitars. Operated by machinist and luthier Kevin Burkett it produces limited run and custom designed guitars for musicians predominantly in North America Europe and to a lesser extent Australasia and Japan.
 Amuze was a video game studio located in Solna Sweden. The studio was founded in 1996 by John Kroknes and Stefan Holmqvist. Amuze is best known for developing the game Headhunter and its sequel Headhunter Redemption.
 Cosmo is a chain of buffet restaurants in the United Kingdom with outlets nationwide. Its branch in Valley Leisure Park Croydon was formerly the UK's biggest restaurant.The first location opened in 2003 in Eastbourne but now the chain has 16 restaurants: Twelve in England Two in Scotland and One each in Wales and Northern Ireland.The majority of restaurants have live cooking stations where one is able to see the food cooked.
 Technocity is a technology park and integrated township in Thiruvananthapuram (Trivandrum) Kerala India dedicated to electronics software and other Information Technology (IT) ventures. It is conceived in 2005 as the fourth phase of development of Technopark Technocity is a complete IT City spread across about 500 acres (200 hectares) which includes not just space for IT/ITES firms but also residential commercial hospitality medical and educational facilities.
 Berghaus Limited is an outdoor clothing and equipment manufacturer headquartered in Sunderland Tyne & Wear UK. It is based in the North East of England but distributes worldwide. It was founded in 1966 by climbers and mountaineers Peter Lockey and Gordon Davison initially as an importer and distributor of outdoors products. Lockey and Davison's outdoor store in Newcastle-upon-Tyne UK went by the name of the LD Mountain Centre.
 Robbs was a mid-size department store in Hexham owned by Beales. It was set up and created in 1819 by William Robb and expanded in the 1920s and 1980s respectively. It has had a long and extravagant history. It has been owned by Merchant Retail and Owen Owen in the past before it was bought by the newly formed Vergo Retail in 2007.On 7 May 2010 Vergo was placed into administration with MCR appointed as the administrators.
 TM Net is an Internet service provider in Malaysia. As of 2009 it was the only fixed line broadband provider in Malaysia It also provides Internet protocol television and other multimedia services. TM net is a wholly owned subsidiary of Malaysia's main telecommunication provider TM Bhd.TM Net was established in 1995 by Telekom Malaysia Bhd as part of Malaysia National Broadband Plan.
 Balaji based in Rajkot in western India manufactures and distributes potato chips and other grain-based bagged snacks in flavours such as masala. Started as a micro business it has evolved into a Rs 3500 crore company (according to third party valuation) of quality products with an indigenous taste.
 StarFlyer Inc. (株式会社スターフライヤー Kabushiki-gaisha Sutāfuraiyā) is a Japanese airline headquartered on the grounds of Kitakyushu Airport in Kokuraminami-ku Kitakyūshū Fukuoka Prefecture. It describes itself as a hybrid airline providing a higher level of service than low-cost carriers while having operating costs lower than full-service legacy carriers.
 WINGcon is a German company that operates in the telecommunications industry. The company is specialized to design develop and provide telecom products and solutions as well as consulting services worldwide with focus on GSM-Railway. Nowadays WINGcon holds a distinguished position in the European GSM-R market.
 SureHarvest is an American agricultural firm providing professional consulting information technology support and certification to farming enterprises. The company was founded in 1999 by entomologist Jeff Dlott PhD with the purpose of providing farmers with the knowledge and resources necessary to grow their crops in a manner deemed sustainable.
 Monitor Group (informally Monitor legally Monitor Company Group LP) was a multinational management consulting firm headquartered in Cambridge Massachusetts United States and with 27 offices in 26 major cities around the world. It was founded in 1983 by six entrepreneurs with ties to the Harvard Business School including Michael Porter. In January 2013 Monitor Group was acquired by Deloitte to form a strategy and business transformation consultancy known as Monitor Deloitte.
 The Leland Corporation was a manufacturer of several arcade video games in the 1980s and early 1990s. Notable among these were Dragon's Lair II: Time Warp in 1991 the long-anticipated follow up to the hugely successful Dragon's Lair from 1983[citation needed] and Super Off Road which spawned an expansion and two sequels at Leland's successor company Midway Games (Off Road Challenge and Offroad Thunder).
 ONE Gas Inc. is a corporation based in Tulsa Oklahoma. ONE Gas was founded in February 2014 when the distribution companies at ONEOK were separated into a new entity. It is one of the largest natural gas distributors in the United States. It serves approximately 2 million customers through its natural gas distribution companies Oklahoma Natural Gas Kansas Gas Service and Texas Gas Service.
 The National Association of Official Prison Visitors (NAOPV) promotes and helps to maintain the work of United Kingdom Official Prison Visitors.
 Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Company is a major unit of Lockheed Martin with headquarters at Air Force Plant 4 in Fort Worth Texas.Lockheed Martin Aeronautics is also based in Marietta Georgia and Palmdale California. Palmdale is home to the Advanced Development Programs (ADP) informally known as the Skunk Works.
 ING Belgium is the Belgian subsidiary of the ING Group an international banking company. The bank was formerly known as Bank Brussel Lambert or Banque Bruxelles Lambert (BBL) and became part of the ING Group in 1998. BBL was created in 1975 from the merger of Banque de Bruxelles and Banque Lambert.
 Burbank Bus is Burbank California's transportation service providing local routes that serve the need of those commuting within the city itself or who plan on using the bus to connect with rail service to Los Angeles or surrounding suburbs. Burbank Bus compliments the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority's crosstown routes through the city. Burbank bus routes run on weekdays in the rush hour.
 Arbogast & Bastian (also A&B Meats) was the name of a slaughterhouse and meat packing plant located in Allentown Lehigh County Pennsylvania in the United States. Once a national leader in hog slaughtering the company had the capacity to process most of the 850000 hogs raised annually in Pennsylvania for slaughtering.
 Eye Industries is a British record label. In 2006 they released the hit single Yeah Yeah by the dance band Bodyrox.Other acts on the label include Alan Braxe Michael Gray and Kurtis Mantronik.
 The American Respiratory Care Foundation is a non-profit organization founded by the American Association for Respiratory Care formed to provide funding for research in the field of pulmonology and respiratory care. Formed in 1974 as the American Respiratory Therapy Foundation and then changed to the American Respiratory Care Foundation in 1986.
 Magnetar Capital is a hedge fund based in Evanston Illinois. Among its many activities the firm was actively involved in the collateralized debt obligation (CDO) market during the 2006–2007 period. In some articles critical of Magnetar Capital the firm's arbitrage strategy for CDOs is described as the Magnetar trade.
 Ecopetrol formerly known as Empresa Colombiana de Petróleos S.A. (English: Colombian Petroleum Co. *) (* Not to be confused with the US owned and operated Colombian Petroleum Co. (COLPET) and sister company South American Gulf Oil Co. (SAGOC) dating to the 1930s which were taken over by the state owned Ecopetrol in the 1970s) is the largest and primary petroleum company in Colombia.
 Celtophile Records was a Danbury Connecticut-based sublabel of Green Linnet Records that specialized in budget compilations of Celtic music. The label was started in 1997 in Danbury Connecticut by Green Linnet owner Wendy Newton. It operated until 2006 when Newton sold Green Linnet to Digital Music Group an aggregator of downloadable music. DMG in turn sold the rights to manufacture and distribute Green Linnet to Compass Records which still markets the Green Linnet catalog.
 Firehouse Subs is a US-based fast casual restaurant chain that specializes in hot subs. Founded in 1994 in Jacksonville Florida by former firefighter brothers Robin and Chris Sorensen Firehouse Subs serves sandwiches with meats and cheeses steamed hot and placed on a toasted sub roll. Locations offer a family-oriented atmosphere with a firefighter theme that includes fire equipment throughout the store and a menu that features sandwiches with themed names.
 Accessible Media Inc. (AMI) is a Canadian non-profit media organization. AMI specializes in media for the blind visually impaired deaf and hearing impaired.
 Jiangnan Shipyard (Chinese: 江南造船厂; pinyin: Jiāngnán Zàochuán Chǎng) is a historic shipyard located in Shanghai China. The shipyard has been state owned since its founding in 1865 and is now operated by Jiangnan Shipyard (Group) Co. Ltd. Before 2009 the company was located to the south of central Shanghai (at 2 Gaoxing Road (31°11′49″N 121°28′59″E). In 2009 the shipyard was moved to Changxing Island located in the mouth of the Yangtze River to the north of urban Shanghai.
 Y&R Austin is an integrated advertising and marketing firm based in Austin Texas. The company is part of Young & Rubicam Brands and a member of WPP Group (NASDAQ: WPPGY).
 PlainsCapital Bank a subsidiary of PlainsCapital Corporation is one of the largest independent banks in Texas with approximately $6.3 billion in assets. PlainsCapital operates 34 branches in Arlington Austin Dallas Fort Worth Lubbock San Antonio and Weatherford.
 OAO Konditerskiy Kontsern Babayevskiy Open Joint-Stock Company (Russian: Открытое акционерное общество Кондитерский концерн Бабаевский) is the oldest Russian confectionery manufacturer and a member of Obyedinyonnye Konditery holding company.It is named after Russian revolutionary of Azerbaijani descent Peter Babayev.
 King Street Sounds was created in 1993 by Hisa Ishioka and is a division of Hi's Productions USA. The label name was inspired by the actual location of legendary New York City night club Paradise Garage.
 New Dragon Asia Corporation (Template:NDAC.PK) is a Chinese company engaged in the milling sale and distribution of flour and related products including instant noodles to retail and commercial customers throughout China.
 James Page Brewing Company was one the earliest craft breweries to come out of the late-1980s American micro-brewing explosion and one of the first craft brewery in the US to package its beer in cans starting in 1998. The brand is currently produced at the Stevens Point Brewing Company in Stevens Point Wisconsin.
 Magnolia is a brand of ice cream and dairy products owned by San Miguel Corporation. The brand was commercially established by San Miguel in 1925. From its core products of ice cream and milk the brand expanded into frozen desserts butter margarine and processed cheese and operated as the Magnolia Division of San Miguel Corporation until 1996.
 Lehni AG is a furniture manufacturing company based in Dübendorf Switzerland specializing in the production of anodized and powdercoated aluminium furniture. Lehni was founded in 1928 by Rudolf Lehni Sr. initially specializing in architectural and industrial metalworking.
 Beat Factory was a Canadian urban music management/production company and independent record label based in Toronto Ontario. In 1982 Beat Factory was founded by Ivan Berry and songwriter Rupert Gayle. Throughout the 1980s and '90s Beat Factory managed the top urban music artists in Canada. In 1988 Berry signed Michie Mee to an international record deal with Atlantic Records making her the first Canadian hip hop artist signed to a major label.
 WeBank is an Italian online bank owned by Banca Popolare di Milano.It's one of the first home banking service founded in Italy in 1999. Ten years later in 2009 from an internal structure of Banca Popolare di Milano it become an independent firm 100% owned by BPM.It counts over 80.000 customers.
 Green Label was an early US drum and bass record label based out of San Francisco. It debuted with DJ Abstract’s Invisible Lines in 1996 and went on to include releases by Jason Mouse Calibre UFO! Sage Juju Echo and others.
 Mr. Handyman International LLC is a franchise business headquartered in Ann Arbor Michigan in the United States that provides home repair services for homeowners. It is a subsidiary of Service Brands International. The chief executive since 2011 has been Alex Roberts. It operates in the United States Canada China Ireland and the United Kingdom.
 Yamaha Pro Audio Inc. is a company which is part of the Yamaha Corporation group. It offers a complete line of professional audio products for the live sound and sound reinforcement markets.
 Uni-Systems LLC is a design construction and consultation engineering firm located in Minneapolis Minnesota specializing in kinetic architecture or movable mechanized structures designed to adapt to individual structures’ needs.
 Camden Property Trust is a Houston TX based Real Estate Investment Trust that owns and operates apartment communities in the United States. According to the company's website it owns 180 apartment communities made up of 62266 units.
 Shanghai Baosteel Group Corporation commonly referred to as Baosteel is a state-owned iron and steel company headquartered in the Bao Steel Tower in Pudong Shanghai China.Baosteel is the second-largest steel producer in the world measured by crude steel output (after ArcelorMittal) with an annual output of around 30 million tons (China's total steel production in 2012 was 716 million tons).It employs 130401 employees as of the end of 2012 has annual revenues of around $21.5 billion and produces a mix of high-quality products.Baosteel's IPO on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2000 was the largest in China up to that time raising CNY 7.7 billion despite being limited to domestic investors only.
 Emirates SkyCargo is a cargo airline based in Dubai United Arab Emirates. It is the air freight division of Emirates which started operations in October 1985 the same year Emirates was formed. Since then it has been the main cargo division of Emirates and the anchor cargo airline at Dubai International Airport its main hub.
 Neiman Marcus originally Neiman-Marcus is an American luxury specialty department store owned by the Neiman Marcus Group headquartered in Dallas Texas. The company also owns the Bergdorf Goodman department stores and operates a direct marketing division Neiman Marcus Direct which operates catalogue and online operations under the Horchow Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman names.
 The Concave football boot is a special boot designed to increase the 'sweet spot' (the area of the boot that makes contact with the ball) by approximately four times. It has evolved the games of Australian Football League Soccer and Rugby League. Independent testing at Deakin University has shown the boot increases power by between 8-15% and provides increased accuracy with a smaller margin of error. Concave also designed this new boot to protect the metatarsal bones.
 ECA Records is a record label based in New York. Its most notable artists are The Number 12 Looks Like You and its alumni artist Senses Fail of whom they released the debut EP.
 Eesti Energia AS is a public limited energy company in Estonia with its headquarters in Tallinn. It is the world's biggest oil shale to energy company.[citation needed] The company was founded in 1939. As of 2014 it operates in Estonia Latvia Lithuania Finland Jordan and Utah United States. In Estonia the company operates under the name Eesti Energia while using the brand name Enefit for international operations.
 Indo-MIM (Indo-US MM Tech Pvt Limited Bangalore) is a Metal Injection Molding company located in Bangalore India.
 Amkor Technology Inc. is a semiconductor product packaging and test services provider. Its headquarters is in Chandler Arizona since 2005 when it was moved from West Chester Pennsylvania United States. The company was founded in 1969 and has 21600 employees worldwide (2009) and reported $2.8 billion in sales in 2011.With factories in China Japan Korea Malaysia Philippines and Taiwan Amkor is a leading player in the semiconductor industry.
 Seaside Communications is a Canadian cable television and telecommunications company. In 1975 Seaside was established in Sydney Nova Scotia when it was issued a cable licence from the CRTC.
 WePay is an online payment service provider in the United States. WePay's payment API focuses exclusively on platform businesses such as crowdfunding sites marketplaces and small business software. Through this API WePay allows these platforms to access its payments capabilities and process credit cards for the platform's users.
 The Interislander is a road and rail ferry service across New Zealand's Cook Strait owned and operated by state-owned rail operator KiwiRail between Wellington in the North Island and Picton in the South Island. Three roll-on roll-off (RORO) vessels operate the 50 nautical miles (93 km; 58 mi) ferry route taking three hours to complete the crossing.Interislander was started in August 1962 by KiwiRail's predecessor the New Zealand Railways Department (NZR).
 E.ON SE (formerly E.ON AG) marketed with an interpunct as E·ON is a European holding company based in Düsseldorf North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. It runs one of the world's largest investor-owned electric utility service providers. The name comes from the Greek word aeon which means eternity.It operates in over 30 countries and serves over 26 million customers. It is one of the 30 members of the DAX stock index of major German companies and a member of the Global Titans 50 index.
 FerriMaroc was a Moroccan ferry company which started services between Nador Port in Morocco and the Port of Almeria in Spain. Since 2010 the company has been part of the Spanish operator Acciona Trasmediterránea.
 Banco de Brasília is a Brazil-based bank that is controlled by the government of the Brazilian Federal District. The Bank offers a range of financial products and services including saving accounts credit cards investment services insurance and loans among others. The Bank has both individual and corporate customers.
 B&B Theaters is a family-owned and operated cinema chain in Missouri Texas Kansas Oklahoma and Florida USA. . Founded in 1924 B&B currently operates 233 screens and is one of the larger theater chains in the nation behind Cinemark Theaters and Regal Entertainment Group. They maintain offices in Liberty Salisbury and Fulton Missouri.
 Kemado Records is an American record label based in New York City founded in 2002 by Andrés Santo Domingo and Tom Clapp.In 2006 the label released the Invaders compilation which featured many of the label's bands alongside other hard rock and heavy metal bands such as Witchcraft High on Fire and Witch.In 2008 Kemado introduced its Mexican Summer imprint. The label focuses on digital and limited-edition vinyl releases.
 Neverland Co. Ltd. was a Japanese video game developer founded on May 7 1993. It has developed games for Super Nintendo Entertainment System Dreamcast GameCube PlayStation 2 Game Boy Color Nintendo DS Nintendo 3DS PSP and the Wii. Its most notable games are the Lufia and Rune Factory series of video games. On November 29 2013 the company announced that it would cease operations and file for bankruptcy.
 AdKeeper is an online advertising platform that allows consumers to keep online ads for future use. A button is inserted into advertising creative elements and is visible to users as a small button in the ad with the letter “k” inside the button. Consumers can click on the k button to keep the ads and then return to the cloud-based Adkeeper at a future time to review the ads they have kept. The users can also share ads with others via email or social networks.
 HOK (formerly Hellmuth Obata + Kassabaum) is a global design architecture engineering and planning firm. As of 2013 HOK is the largest U.S.-based architecture-engineering firm and the third-largest interior design firm. The firm maintains more than 1600 professional staff across a global network of 24 offices and is active in all major architectural specialties. Its senior leaders are located in several different locations across the world.
 SBB Cargo is a subsidiary of Swiss Federal Railways (SBB) specialising in railfreight and is operated as the Freight division. Swiss Federal Railways is a formerstate-owned and -controlled company that was transformed in 1999 into a joint-stock company under special legislation following the first Swiss railway reform and divided up into three independent divisions: Passenger Freight and Infrastructure.
 Predictious is a Bitcoin prediction market by the company Pixode Ltd. The company is based in Dublin Ireland.
 AmericInn is an American hotel franchise founded in the 1980s in the suburban Twin Cities. The chain is a mid-priced limited-service hotel. It comprises 203 locations throughout the United States with the majority located in the Midwestern United States.
 INTL FCStone Inc is a Fortune 500 financial services firm specializing in commodity trading (primarily base and precious metals energy textiles and grains) in addition to foreign currency exchange and treasury services securities execution and asset management. It is headquartered in New York City New York.
 Aleutia Computers Ltd. (pronounced al-oo-sha) is a privately owned computer manufacturer based in London United Kingdom. Its product range consists of low-power desktop and server computers. Its products are used in the developing world and as original base designs for externally branded products. Its computers have been purchased by Unicef Tesco Schlumberger Pret a Manger Virgin Media and the National Health Service.
 Steve Madden (born 1958) is the founder and former CEO of Steven Madden Ltd. a footwear company that bears his name.
 Tourist Group is a coach charter company in Dorset England. It operates coaches under the Bell's Coaches Kingston Coaches Lever's Coaches and Tourist Coaches brands. It is a subsidiary of the Go-Ahead Group.
 Hum Network Limited (simply HNL or HUMNL) formerly Eye Television Network Limited is a public limited media company based in Karachi Pakistan. Company was established in February 2004. Its is the current member of Asia-Pacific Broadcasting Union (APBU) and Commonwealth Broadcasting Association (CBA).
 FireFold.com is a retailer specializing in audio/video home theatre and computer networking equipment. The company works as both an online retailer and a physical store. FireFold.com also provides IT services and audio/video installation. It is located in Concord North Carolina. The company was started in 2005 by Christopher Grouse.
 Renault Trucks is a French commercial truck and military vehicle manufacturer with corporate headquarters at Saint-Priest near Lyon. Originally part of Renault it has been owned by the Volvo Group since 2001.From its beginnings in 1978 to 2002 the company was called Renault Véhicules Industriels (English: Renault Industrial Vehicles) from 1992 on officially written as Renault V. I. with either form commonly abbreviated RVI. Until 1999 RVI also manufactured buses.
 Interstate Airlines was a charter airline based in Maastricht Netherlands. It operates wet lease services within Europe. Its main base is Maastricht Aachen Airport.
 Stiletto Spy School is an espionage training school for women. Established in May 2008 by Alana Winter the school has locations in New York City and Las Vegas. The school teaches self-empowerment for women covering survival skills self-defense and gun handling along with less combat-oriented courses such as mixing martinis poker playing and seduction skills. The same company also runs an equivalent school for men the MI6 Academy.
 SDI Media is a major provider of subtitling translation and language dubbing services to the entertainment industry. The headquarters are located in Culver City California. Other offices and facilities are located in 37 countries around the world. The company employs more than 1000 employees worldwide and utilizes a network of more than 4000 freelance translators.
 Alba is a British consumer electronics manufacturing company owned by Home Retail Group. Its sister brand is Bush. Today all Alba products are sold exclusively at Argos.
 Computers In Personnel (CIP) is a developer distributor and supporter of human resources management software and services supplying over 700 businesses from a variety of sectors internationally.Founded in 1982 and with head offices in Marlow United Kingdom CIP develops a range of software in-house and in partnership with other software providers. CIP has regional training centres throughout the UK.
 Headspace is an award-winning digital health platform providing guided meditation sessions and mindfulness training. With hundreds of hours of content it is acknowledged as one of the most comprehensive secular programmes for meditation and mindfulness. The content can be accessed online or via the Headspace mobile app used by more than 1 million people in 150 countries.
 Focke-Achgelis & Co. G.m.b.H. was a German helicopter company founded in 1937 by Henrich Focke and Gerd Achgelis.
 Dotsub is an American software company founded in 2007 and headquartered in New York New York. The company's browser-based platform is used for subtitling & translating online videos. The company was founded by Michael Smolens and Laurie Racine. In 2011 David Orban joined as CEO.The Dotsub platform is best known for its use in TED's Open Translation Project where since 2009 volunteers have transcribed and translated TED Talks into over 80 languages.
 Eulogy Recordings is a record label based in Fort Lauderdale Florida. The label specializes in heavy metal or hardcore punk bands some of which are straight edge.The label was founded in 1997 by hardcore guitarist John Wylie.In 1999 Ian Rowan became partners in Eulogy Recordings and later Hand Of Hope Records.Eulogy has had exclusive distribution deals with both Good Life Recordings and Alveran Records for European distribution and is currently distributed Internationally via Rev Distribution.
 Kochlöffel (literally: cooking spoon) is a German fast-food restaurant chain. Its product range includes hamburgers chicken bratwurst currywurst and french fries with their signature turquoise plastic fork resembling a cooking spoon.
 CMA CGM S.A. is a French container transportation and shipping company headed by Jacques Saadé. It is the third largest container company in the world using 170 shipping routes between 400 ports in 150 different countries. Its headquarters are in Marseille and its North American headquarters are in Norfolk Virginia USA.
 Alien Voices was a project set up by John de Lancie and Leonard Nimoy which specialised in audiobooks of science fiction novels in the style of radio plays. The productions were distributed by Simon & Schuster Audio but the project was shut down following pressure from the distributor for greater sales and the dissatisfaction of de Lancie and Nimoy at this direction. The productions featured a number of cast members from the various Star Trek series.
 Spatial Corporation was founded in 1986 and had one main product: ACIS the first commercially available 3D modeling kernel. Through subsequent years Spatial added products to its portfolio that enabled ISVs mostly in the CAD/CAM industries to build applications.
 Surprise Records was a record label subsidiary of Island Records.
 Ultra Music is an electronic dance music record label in North America comprising Ultra Records Ultra Music Publishing and Empire Artist Management. The label was formed in New York City in 1995 by former Polygram and Virgin Records executive Patrick Moxey who is currently the owner.
 Ace of Hearts Records is a Boston-based independent label founded in 1978 by Rick Harte who also produced all its releases. It recorded and released Boston area post-punk and garage rock bands in the early 1980s including Mission of Burma Birdsongs of the Mesozoic Roger Miller Neats Lyres John Felice Nervous Eaters Del Fuegos The Neighborhoods Martin Paul Wild Stares Infliktors Classic Ruins Crab Daddy Chaotic Past Tomato Monkey and Heat From a DeadStar.
 Mark Batty Publisher is an American independent book-publishing company specializing in illustrated books on the art of communication: photography art and design graffiti and urban art; pop culture typography and other related topics.
 Twin Jet is an airline based in Aix en Provence France which started in May 2001 with its first scheduled flight in March 2002. It is also a Flying Blue partner.
 MWB Group Holdings is a British-based property investment and development business. It is headquartered in London and is listed on the London Stock Exchange. In 2008 the group had revenues of £277.8 million.
 Krstarica (English: Cruiser) is one of the most visited web portals in Serbia. It was founded in March 1999.Includes search engine up-to-date daily news from Serbia directory of the local sites grouped by the topics and variety of content.Krstarica has 1.6 million visitors per month.
 Fox Interactive was a video game publisher and developer mainly concerned with titles based on 20th Century Fox properties such as The Simpsons Family Guy Futurama the Alien and Predator film franchises Independence Day Charmed Buffy the Vampire Slayer The X-Files Avatar 24 the Ice Age trilogy of films and the Die Hard series of films. They have also been involved with original titles including Croc: Legend of the Gobbos Croc 2 and The Operative: No One Lives Forever.
 Qbuzz is a public transport bus company in the Netherlands. It operates services in Utrecht Drenthe Groningen and south-east Friesland.
 Tameer Microfinance Bank Limited (TMFB) is Pakistan's Largest and the first private commercial Microfinance bank licensed by the State Bank of Pakistan under the Microfinance Institutions Ordinance 2001 and has an entity ratings of ‘A/A-1’ (Single A/A-One) with a ‘Stable’ Outlook by JCR-VIS. Tameer Microfinance Bank Limited (TMFB) is a majority owned subsidiary of Telenor Pakistan.
 T3 is an independent integrated marketing and advertising firm with headquarters in Austin Texas and offices in New York City and San Francisco. The agency was founded in 1989 by CEO Gay Gaddis. Today T3 is the largest independent advertising agency owned by a woman in the United States with capitalized billings over $230 million.(registration required)
 Bell Local is a group of community channels owned by Bell Media. Bell Local broadcasts into the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec. The channels are available only in communities served by Bell Fibe TV and is not carried by other television services providers or even on Bell's own Bell Mobile TV and Bell Satellite TV services. Some clips however can also be watched online via Bell Local's website or social media.
 For the Cincinnati-based bank see First Financial Bank (Ohio).First Financial Bank is a regional bank with 73 retail branches operated by First Financial Corporation and based in Terre Haute Indiana; not only is it the oldest national bank in Indiana it is also Vigo County's only publicly traded company.
 ORBCOMM (NASDAQ: ORBC) is a company that offers M2M global asset monitoring and messaging services from its constellation of 29 LEO communications satellites orbiting at 775 km. Like its voice-centric competitors Iridium and Globalstar it filed for Chapter 11 protection in September 2000. ORBCOMM issued a public offering of stock in November 2006. The company sold 9.23 million shares of common stock.
 Voce (Italian for voice) was a premium Mobile Virtual Network Operator (MVNO) using the AT&T GSM network sold by Neiman-Marcus and created by Japanese company Faith Communications. During the month of January 2008 ownership was transferred to SunCal Midwest[citation needed]. The service launched November 2005 and subsequently shut down February 1 2008 with no official announcement which caught most customers and some company executives completely by surprise.
 Curse Inc. is an online game portal and network of sites founded by Hubert Thieblot in 2006. It is headquartered in Huntsville Alabama with offices in San Francisco New York City Brighton UK Berlin Germany and claims to be the number one resource for core online gamers. The website distributes add-ons and modifications for games such as World of Warcraft Rift The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Terraria and Minecraft.
 Sadia OmarH is the owner and supervisor.This Food Company was created in Concórdia Santa Catarina Brazil. Its headquarters are also located in the same city.Sadia S.A. is a major Brazilian food producer.
 Hull Storey Gibson is a shopping mall management company based in Augusta Georgia. It was founded in 1977. The company owns manages and re-develops shopping malls in smaller markets throughout the southern United States.
 Rally.org is an American social online fundraising platform for use by a wide range of individuals and organizations. It allows users to set up their own fundraising page through which supporters can find information about their campaigns and make donations through Rally.org's proprietary payment system.
 SYSGO AG is a German company oriented in embedded software since its founding in 1991. The company is focused on the basic software building blocks (e.g. operating systems) for embedded systems used in critical environments such as airplanes medical instruments or industrial automation.
 Chapters is a Canadian big box bookstore banner owned by Indigo Books and Music. Formerly a company in its own right competing with Indigo the combined company has continued to operate both banners since their merger in 2001. As of March 2013 it had 97 superstores and 134 small format stores.
 JSC RMG Copper (JSCM) (Georgian: სააქციო საზოგადოება არ ემ ჯი კოპერი saak'ts'io sazogadoeba RMG Copper formerly JSC Madneuli) is a mining company based in Tbilisi Georgia. Established in 1975 RMG Copper is currently involved in ore copper and gold mining and smelting.
 Air Inuit Ltd is an airline based in Dorval Quebec Canada. It operates domestic passenger services and charter and cargo services in Nunavik and Nunavut. Its main base is Kuujjuaq Airport.
 La Michoacana is one of the most known ice-cream parlors in Mexico. There are around 30 000 stores all around the country even in the most remote town there is usually one. The business began in 1940 in the town of Tocumbo Michoacán. It offers an extended variety of products and flavors all which are created with natural ingredients.
 Shakespeare's Pizza founded in 1973 is a Columbia Missouri landmark known for its popular pizza and unconventional decor. Located at the intersection of 9th and Elm in downtown Columbia it is across the street from the campus of the University of Missouri. In November 2010 Shakespeare's was the winner of “Best Bites Challenge: College Edition” on ABC’s “Good Morning America.”
 Brymon Airways is a former British airline with its head office in the Brymon House on the property of Plymouth City Airport in Plymouth Devon. It was co-founded in 1972 by journalist Bill Bryce and racing driver Chris Amon.
 Ten Thousand Villages is a nonprofit fair trade organization that markets handcrafted products made by disadvantaged artisans from more than 120 artisan groups in more than 35 countries.As one of the world’s largest and oldest fair trade organizations(subscription required) Ten Thousand Villages cultivates long-term buying relationships in which artisans receive a fair price for their work and consumers have access to gifts accessories and home décor from around the world.
 BBN Technologies (originally Bolt Beranek and Newman) is an American high-technology company which provides research and development services. BBN is based next to Fresh Pond in Cambridge Massachusetts USA. It is perhaps best known for its work in the development of packet switching (including the ARPANET and the Internet) and for its 1978 acoustical analysis for the House Select Committee on the assassination of John F. Kennedy but it is also a military contractor primarily for DARPA.
 Finance Bank Zambia Limited (FBZ) commonly referred to as Finance Bank is a commercial bank in Zambia. It is one of the commercial banks in the country licensed by the Bank of Zambia the national banking regulator. The bank has a subsidiary; Zambezi Portland Cement Limited in which the bank maintains 100% shareholding.
 Lutz Tavern is a bar in the Woodstock neighborhood of Portland Oregon in the United States.
 MicroLink was a leading Baltic IT company founded by Rainer Nõlvak and Hanno Haamer in August 1991 in Tallinn Estonia. Launched as a PC maker it diversified into IT distribution (CHS Estonia) systems integration (Microlink Systems) and providing of internet services (MicroLink Online) and manufacturing (MicroLink Electronics). The company established itself as the largest Baltic PC maker by mid-1990s.
 J-Star stands for Jungiery-Star. Jungiery is a Taiwanese Music-Company.Members of J-Star are: 5566 183 Club 7 Flowers Typhoon Taiji LALA VJ and Cyndi Wang. R&B and K-One used to be part of J-Star too. Some of the original R&B members left Jungiery and the remaining members were re-grouped with other Jungiery trainees into bubblegum-pop group LALA. And K-One is now back to Wingman Entertainment.5566 is the main pillar of J-Star.
 Highland Superstores was an American consumer electronics and home appliance chain. It was founded in 1933 as Highland Appliance by Harry Mondry in Highland Park Michigan. By the end of the 1970s the chain had 18 stores throughout the midwest with headquarters in Plymouth Michigan.The chain went public in 1985 at which point it was the second-largest American electronics retailer behind Circuit City.
 Silicor Materials Inc. is a privately held manufacturer of solar silicon and aluminum by-products. Silicor is headquartered in San Jose California and its silicon purification operations are performed by its wholly owned subsidiary Silicor Materials Canada Inc. in Ontario Canada. Silicor also has a research and development facility in Berlin Germany. To date more than 25 million solar cells have been made with Silicor's solar silicon.
 Regal Hotels International (RHI) is one of the largest hotel groups in Hong Kong. Regal Hotels International Holdings Limited is a company incorporated in Bermuda and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The company is controlled by its Chairman and Managing Director Mr Lo Yuk Sui who speaks for 52.84% of the issued share capital as at 31 December 2005.
 Press Trust of India (PTI) is the largest news agency in India. It is headquartered in New Delhi and is a nonprofit cooperative among more than 450 Indian newspapers and has 984 full-time employees as on January 8 2014. It employs over 400 journalists and 500 part-time correspondents located in most of the district headquarters in the country. A few correspondents are based in major capitals and important business centres around the world.
 Putnam Investments is a privately owned investment management firm founded in 1937 by George Putnam who established one of the first balanced mutual funds The George Putnam Fund of Boston. As one of the oldest mutual fund complexes in the United States Putnam has over $125 billion in assets under management 79 individual mutual fund offerings 96 institutional clients and over seven million shareholders and retirement plan participants.
 Volition Records was a Sydney Australia-based record label specialising in electronic music styles such as house techno synthpop and trance. It was founded by Andrew Penhallow in the late 1980s but folded in the late 1990s. Amongst the roster of Volition artists were Severed Heads Boxcar Itch-E and Scratch-E Single Gun Theory Southend Vision Four 5 Sexing The Cherry and Robert Racic.
 Silver Sprocket Bicycle Club (SSBC) is a San Francisco-based bicycle club and independent record label founded in 2007 by Avi Ehrlich of Springman Records. In addition to publishing records Silver Sprocket also supports a range of independent musicians and other community-based initiatives.
 For the label founded in 1974 by singer Blossom Dearie see Daffodil Records.Daffodil Records was a Canadian record label that existed from 1971 to 1978.
 The H. W. Wilson Company Inc. was founded in 1898 and is based in The Bronx New York. It provides print and digital content aimed at patrons of public school college and professional libraries in both the United States and internationally. The company also provides indexing services that include text retrospective abstracting and indexing as well other types of databases. Image gallery indexing includes art museum and cinema. The company also indexed reference monographs.
 Selfless Records is a record label that releases punk rock music. The label was notable for putting out a number of albums that were covers of entire Ramones albums including Leave Home Ramones and Rocket to Russia.
 Ceedo Technologies is an Israeli software development company specializing in Windows® virtualization-based solutions for the consumer and enterprise markets.Ceedo’s technology and products are used primarily for portable computing security enhancement software deployment and management and user environment management for both the consumer and enterprise IT markets.Based in Netanya Ceedo Technologies was founded in 2005 by Dror Wettenstein and its first product - Ceedo Personal - was released shortly after. 
 Johnstons of Elgin also known as Johnstons Cashmere is a woollen mill in Elgin Moray Scotland.
 ZootFly is a Slovenian video game developer specializing in the development of action adventure games for the Xbox Xbox 360 PS3 and PC. ZootFly is a member studio of the International Game Developers Association (IGDA).ZootFly was acquired in 2013 by a casino equipment manufacturer Interblock.
 Saint Honore Cake Shop (Chinese: 聖安娜餅屋; Jyutping: sing3 ngon1 naa4 beng2 nguk1) is one of the largest bakery and cake chain stores in Hong Kong. In 2009 it now has more than 80 outlets in Hong Kong. It is parented by Convenience Retail Asia Limited the retailing flagship of Li & Fung.
 Jadever Scale Co. Ltd. (simplified Chinese: 钰恒股份有限公司; traditional Chinese: 鈺恆股份有限公司; pinyin: Yùhéng Gǔfèn Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī) is a Taiwanese multinational corporation manufacturer of scales analytical instruments and components.
 Air Busan Co. Ltd. operating as Air Busan (Hangul: 에어부산; RR: E-eo Busan) is a regional airline based in Busanjin-gu Busan Republic of Korea. It is a subsidiary of Asiana Airlines. The airline began its operation in 2007 as Busan International Airlines Company (Hangul: 부산국제항공; RR: Busan Gukje Hanggong); it launched service on October 2008.Upon the launch of its Seoul–Busan route Air Busan filled 49.7 percent of its seats while its competitor on the same route Korean Air had 61.2 percent.
 Pivovar Kocour Varnsdorf was established in 2008 and is one of the few breweries in the Czech Republic to produce ale rather than just lager.Kocour also collaborates with brewers around the world to produce special beers such as the V3 Rauchbier - a collaboration between Kocour Kaltenecker in Slovakia and a Hungarian craft brewer.
 Worldview Pictures is an independent film and television production founded in 1989. Its work includes single documentary films such as the Emmy Award winning Nuremberg and the eight-part television series War & Civilization narrated by Walter Cronkite. In 2010 the company's production slate expanded to include science and lifestyle factual entertainment.
 Citi Orient Securities Company Limited is a joint venture between Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd and Orient Securities Company Limited with a total of RMB 800 million registered capital offering investment banking services across equity debt and advisory to the Chinese domestic market including securities underwriting and sponsoring.
 Florida Community Bank also known as FCB Bank is a U.S. bank that operates in the U.S. state of Florida. It provides consumer and business banking services to communities throughout Florida. With roots tracing back to 1923 the legacy Florida Community Bank was the first bank established in Collier County. In January 2010 Florida Community Bank was purchased by Bond Street Holdings Inc a Miami-based holding company with over $740 million in capital.
 Orion Group is a one of the largest Bangladeshi industrial conglomerates. The industries under this conglomerate include textiles chemicals pharmaceuticals infrastructure development agribusiness hospitality textiles aviation etc.Orion was established by Obaidul Karim a pioneer Industrial leader in the private sector.
 Pulte Homes Inc is a Bloomfield Hills MI based company founded by Bill Pulte. Announced on April 8 2009 Pulte Homes has agreed to acquire Centex - creating the nation's largest homebuilding company in a stock transaction worth $3.1 billion including $1.8 billion of debt. The companies said that after the merger Pulte shareholders will own 68% of the combined company and Centex shareholders will own 32%.
 Meridian 4 also known as Meridian #14L is a Russian military communications satellite. It was launched atop a Soyuz-2-1a/Fregat rocket from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome in May 2011. It is the fourth satellite to be launched as part of the Meridian system which will replace the older Molniya series.Meridian satellites are launched into highly elliptical Molniya orbits to provide communications coverage of the Northern Hemisphere for the Russian military.
 The Elyria-Lorain Broadcasting Co. (also known as Elyria-Lorain or ELB) is a privately held holding company of various assets in the broadcast media based in Elyria Ohio. Its parent company is the Lorain County Printing and Publishing Company which owns the Chronicle-Telegram of Elyria and Medina County Gazette.The company was founded in 1948 with the establishment of WEOL AM-FM in Elyria Ohio the AM station of which continues to serve as the company's flagship.
 Carbon Motors Corporation was an American automotive corporation that developed a purpose-built police car. Founded in Los Angeles California by Stacy Dean Stephens and William Santana Li (a former police officer and former Ford executive respectively) in 2003 the company moved to Atlanta Georgia in 2006 where it continued to develop its product and gain investors.
 Innkeeper's Lodge is a UK budget hotel chain that is owned by Mitchells & Butlers Group.
 Side Salad Records is an English independent record label founded in London 2001.NME describes the label as a label known for its roster of strange artists.
 Klick Health is a digital marketing agency located in Toronto Ontario. The company offers marketing operational and learning services such as custom web application development consulting content and creative development web analytics e-Learning course development and learning management systems website design and web usability consultation to the healthcare industry.
 Potez (pronounced [pɔtɛz]) was a French aircraft manufacturer founded as Aéroplanes Henry Potez by Henry Potez at Aubervilliers in 1919. The firm began by refurbishing war-surplus SEA IV aircraft but was soon building new examples of an improved version the Potez VII. During the inter-war years Potez built a range of small passenger aircraft and a series of military reconnaissance biplanes that were also licence-built in Poland.
 Marvel Press is the prose novel imprint for Marvel Comics jointly published with Disney Books.
 The High-Tech Gründerfonds (or HTGF) is a venture capital investment firm based in Bonn Germany. High-Tech Gründerfonds is an early stage seed investor focused on high potential high-tech start-ups. The seed financing is provided to allow start-ups to take their ideas through the prototyping phase up to the market launch.
 Toho Tenax (東邦テナックス Tōhō Tenakkusu) has been a member of the Teijin Group since 2000. Toho Tenax is an international company that supplies customers throughout the world with carbon fiber under the trade name Tenax. Tenax is produced by Toho Tenax in Japan the US and in Germany.The main products are carbon fiber oxidized poly-acrylic-nitrile (PAN) fiber and advanced composite material.
 The Hodgdon Powder Company began in 1952 as B.E. Hodgdon Inc. and has become a major distributor of smokeless powder for the ammunition industry as well as for individuals who load their own ammunition by hand. The company's corporate office and manufacturing facilities are located in Kansas USA. Hodgdon acquired IMR Powder Company in 2003. Winchester branded reloading powders have been licensed to Hodgdon since March 2006.
 Spancrete is an American manufacturer of precast concrete products and machinery. Spancrete produces precast prestressed concrete products that are used in commercial industrial institutional residential and multifamily construction projects in the Midwest and Southeast. The company also manufactures and sells hollowcore extrusion machines that are used to produce precast concrete internationally.
 Brasil Telecom S.A. (BrT Portuguese pronunciation: [bɾɐˈziw te̞le̞ˈkõː]) was a major Brazilian telecommunications company headquartered in the Brazilian capital Brasilia. The company is one of three land lines one long distance and eight mobile telephone companies in Brazil that emerged from the break-up of Telebrás.
 Aigan Co. Ltd. (愛眼株式会社 Aigan Kabushiki gaisha) (TYO: 9854) is a Japanese retail outlet chain that sells glasses (spectacles). The company is headquartered in Tennōji-ku Osaka Osaka Prefecture.
 Evidon is a New York City-based technology company that gives brands publishers ad networks and other businesses insight into the digital ecosystem as well as provides tools for consumers to see what companies are tracking them and gain control over that tracking.
 Azienda Trasporti Milanesi (ATM) is a public company responsible for public transportation in Milan city and some surrounding municipalities in Italy. It operates 18 tram lines part of which are run with Peter Witt streetcars from the 1920s 82 urban Bus lines 4 Trolleybus lines 35 interurban Bus lines 4 underground lines (Metropolitana di Milano) carrying over 734 million passengers in 2010.ATM offers also other minor services mainly related to transportation around the city.
 Drew & Napier LLC is one of Singapore's leading law firms and its fifth largest by headcount with 196 lawyers and fee-earners.The firm is active in Dispute Resolution where it is a market leader.
 Glenmark Pharmaceuticals is a pharmaceutical company headquartered in Mumbai India. It manufactures and markets generic formulation products and active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) both in the domestic and international markets. In the formulation business its business spans segments such as Dermatology Internal Medicine Paediatrics Gynaecology ENT and Diabetes.It has four manufacturing facilities for formulations and additional three facilities for APIs.
 St. Louis Aircraft Corporation was an American aircraft manufacturer founded in September 1917.In 1915 the St. Louis Car Company had been approached by Thomas W. Benoist to build 1000 flying boats. A prototype was built but the concept did not into production.In 1917 The United States government needed to form a production interest for World War I aircraft production needs. The St. Louis Aircraft Corporation was founded by A.J.
 FDM Group is an international IT services company headquartered in London United Kingdom with offices in Brighton Manchester New York Toronto Frankfurt Zurich Luxembourg Hong Kong Singapore and Shanghai.The company provides services for Project Management Business Analysis Development Production Support Application Support MX.3 Production Support Infrastructure Support Testing Data and Operations and training.FDM's clients include market leaders in finance insurance travel UK government media telecoms transport and logistics. 
 Austar was an Australian telecommunications company. Its main business activity was subscription television but it has also been involved with internet access and mobile phones.
 GP Investments (also GP Investimentos) is a leading alternative investment firm in Latin America with a strong presence in asset management principally private equity funds.
 SynopsiTV is a movie recommendation service that derives personalized recommendations from the user's viewing and rating behavior. This service allows users to instantly discover new movies that fit their unique and evolving viewing style. Site features include an advanced filter search offering users the possibility to search by director year genre cast and more. This allows also for easy playlist creation for example Best Sci-Fi of the 1980s which are public and offer subscriptions.
 Bricker & Eckler LLP known more commonly as Bricker is a law firm in the midwestern United States with approximately 160 attorneys and 3 offices in Ohio. Its first office was founded in Columbus Ohio in 1944 by John W. Bricker a three-term Ohio governor two-term U.S.
 AT&T Corp. originally the American Telephone and Telegraph Company is the subsidiary of AT&T that provides voice video data and Internet telecommunications and professional services to businesses consumers and government agencies. During its long history AT&T was at times the world's largest telephone company the world's largest cable television operator and a regulated monopoly.
 SoundCode is an audio encoding and decoding product line developed by Neyrinck that uses audio encode and decode technologies to convert audio signals from one format to another.The technologies used include Dolby E Dolby Digital and DTS.
 Free Range Studios is a messaging firm based in Washington D.C. and Oakland California. Free Range works with companies and organizations to create story-based brands producing media in various formats from interactive and mobile to print and video. They are known for their creative services and films promoting social change.
 Paramount Digital Entertainment a division under Paramount Pictures Corporation develops and distributes movies and video games digitally via various platforms including online mobile and portable devices.
 Asia Pacific Resources International Holdings Limited or APRIL is a developer of fibre plantations and the owner of one of the world's largest pulp and paper mills with operations mainly in Indonesia and China.APRIL mainly produces bleached hardwood kraft pulp and uncoated wood-free paper including its PAPERONE brand of office paper.APRIL is part of the Indonesian Raja Garuda Mas Group and owned by Indonesian business man Sukanto Tanoto living in Singapore.
 Symyx Technologies was a company specializing in the area of combinatorial chemistry. Symyx had a portion of its business that focused on software solution like Enterprise Laboratory Notebooks. This software business is now part of Accelrys. Symyx also offered laboratory robotics systems for performing automated chemical research. In 2010 this business was spun out as Freeslate Inc.Symyx offered high-speed combinatorial technologies for the discovery of new materials.
 Verdiem is a software corporation based in Seattle Washington. The company is privately owned and backed by venture capital. Verdiem produces the Surveyor 6 enterprise-class PC power management software. Verdiem Surveyor enables customers to centrally control and reduce the energy used by PCs Macs and network devices running Cisco EnergyWise without impacting end users. Nearly 700 corporations government agencies and universities have deployed Surveyor on over 2 million devices.
 Lions Air is a charter airline based in Zürich Switzerland. It operates air charter and business services using fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters.
 Global Gaming Factory X AB (Aktietorget: GGF[delisted][1]) was an advertising and software company based in Sweden that relies on Internet cafes and gaming venues as its medium.
 MADHOUSE Inc. (株式会社 マッドハウス Kabushiki-gaisha Maddohausu) is a Japanese animation studio founded in 1972 by ex–Mushi Pro animators including Masao Maruyama Osamu Dezaki Rintaro and Yoshiaki Kawajiri.Madhouse has created and helped to produce many well known shows starting with TV anime series Ace o Nerae! (produced by Tokyo Movie) in 1973 and including western favourites Ninja Scroll Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust Trigun Di Gi Charat and Death Note.
 DundeeWealth Inc. was a Canadian financial services company formerly a public company and subsidiary of Dundee Corporation. DundeeWealth Inc. and its advisor network were acquired by Scotiabank on February 1 2011. DundeeWealth Inc. has been renamed HollisWealth Inc. and effective November 1 2013 HollisWealth replaced DundeeWealth as the brand name used by Scotiabank to identify one of Canada's largest independent financial advisor networks.
 The Projektions-AG Union (generally shortened to PAGU) was a German film production company which operated between 1911 and 1924 during the silent era. From 1917 onwards the company functioned as an independent unit of Universum Film AG and was eventually merged into it entirely.The company was founded by Paul Davidson a leading cinema-owner who branched out into production.
 Planar Systems Inc. NASDAQ: PLNR is a U.S. digital display manufacturing corporation based in Hillsboro Oregon. Founded in 1983 as a spin-off from Tektronix it was the first U.S. manufacturer of electroluminescent (EL) digital displays. Planar currently makes a variety of other specialty displays. The company with $166.8 million in revenue (2013) is headed by chief executive officer and president Gerald K. Perkel.
 Waterlow and Sons Limited was a major worldwide engraver of currency postage stamps stocks and bond certificates based in London Watford and Dunstable in England. The company was founded as a family business in 1810. It was acquired in 1961 by De La Rue.
 Center of Financial Technologies (CFT) (Russian: Центр Финансовых Технологий Centr Finansovyh Tekhnologiy) is a Russian software company that provides software solutions and services to financial healthcare and public sectors. It is among the five largest software developing companies operating on the CIS market.
 Carapelli (full name is Carapelli Firenze SpA ) is an Italian food company based in Tavarnelle Val di Pesa which is a small town in the province of Florence most famous for its extra virgin olive oil. The company was started as a home business in 1893 by Cesira and Costantino Carapelli.
 Silas Records was an American record label owned by Universal Music Group; founded in 1991 by Louil Silas Jr. and operated as an imprint of MCA Records where Silas had been a senior VP. The label achieved minor success throughout the 1990s. It was eventually absorbed into MCA in 1999 after Silas left his post at UMG to take a position at LaFace Records.
 L.L.Bean SIGNATURE is a sub-brand of L.L.Bean launched on 15 March 2010. The L.L.Bean Signature brand offers classy young and fresh line of clothing. The line is designed by Alex Carleton the founder of Rogues Gallery which is also based in Maine. The Signature refers to the signature of Leon Leonwood Bean.L.L.Bean is a privately held mail-order online and retail company based in Freeport Maine United States specializing in clothing and outdoor recreation equipment.
 Tbooth wireless/la cabine T sans fil is a subsidiary of GLENTEL Inc. the largest independent mobile phone retailer in Canada. GLENTEL operates more than 280 locations across Canada under the brandnames WIRELESSWAVE/WAVE SANS FIL Tbooth wireless/la cabine T sans fil and WIRELESS etc./SANS FIL etc. in retail malls and Costco Wholesale stores. In the U.S. GLENTEL operates 132 Diamond Wireless stores.
 TESCAN a.s. is a Czech Republic company founded in 1991 by several R&D and service engineers from a former and now non-existing company Tesla Brno. Its headquarters is located in Brno Czech Republic moreover Brno is considered as traditional city where electron microscopy was and now still is located.TESCAN's line of products is mainly focused on scanning electron microscopes from a wide range of thermal emission systems LaB6 systems and field emission systems to dual beam systems.
 NSPCL (NTPC-SAIL Power Company Limited) is a joint venture company of NTPC Limited and SAIL to generate power for various steel plants throughout India.
 Tamares Group is a private equity investment firm based in Vaduz Liechtenstein. Tamares has interests in real estate finance technology communications manufacturing leisure and media. The firm invests in a number of different private and public companies and in real estate properties.Tamares was founded after the second World War by Finnish entrepreneur Shlomo Zabludowicz. Since 1990 it has been headed by his son Poju Zabludowicz.
 Knife Capital is a growth equity fund manager headquartered in Cape Town South Africa. The firm was founded in 2010. In addition to its core fund management activities Knife Capital provides consulting training and business acceleration services to high-growth ventures in South Africa.
 EKW (Eidgenoessische Konstruktionswerkstaette English: Swiss Federal Constructions Worksalso known as Eigenössische Flugzeug Werke - EFW or as Flug + Werk).The Federal construction workshops (ekw) was a composite of Swiss state-owned enterprises with the aim to make the Swiss defense of imported arms independently. It was established 1867 in Thun.Already around 1915 Switzerland put in an effort to make themselves independent of the import of military aircraft.
 Pennzoil is an American oil company founded in Los Angeles California in 1913. In 1955 it was acquired by Oil City Pennsylvania company South Penn Oil a former branch of Standard Oil. In 1963 South Penn Oil merged with Zapata Petroleum; the merged company took the Pennzoil name. In 1968 United Gas Corporation became part of Pennzoil.
 Piaggio Aero Industries S.p.A. is a multinational aerospace manufacturing company headquartered in Genoa Italy. Its origins date back to the former Rinaldo Piaggio S.p.A. company making it one of the world's oldest airplane manufacturers.
 Warrior Roots is a commercial genetic genealogy and sports company based in Kensington Maryland. Warrior Roots offers analysis of YDNA for genealogical purposes based on DNA samples collected using a cheek swab method with a kit supplied by Warrior Roots to its customers. Warrior Roots also offers genetic analysis of specific genetic markers for the purpose of sports training.
 Zimmer Holdings Inc. (NYSE: ZMH) is a publicly traded medical device company. It was founded in 1927 to produce aluminum splints. The firm is headquartered in Warsaw Indiana where it is part of the medical devices business cluster.In 2001 Zimmer was spun off from Bristol-Myers Squibb and begins trading on the New York Stock Exchange on August 7 under the ticker symbol “ZMH”. In November 2011 the Company acquired ExtraOrtho Inc. (ExtraOrtho).
 Charter Air Transport is a certified part 135 air taxi provider based in Cleveland OH at Burke Lakefront Airport. The airline is licenced by the Department of Transportation to provide privately arranged flights and in addition scheduled public flights. Cleveland's Business Aircraft Group is the parent company of Charter Air Transport.
 Ideum is a company based in Corrales New Mexico that produces multitouch tables and walls custom interactive web and media applications and custom hardware. The company was founded in 1999 by Jim Spadaccini who created interactive exhibits for San Francisco's Exploratorium before becoming creative director at Ideum.
 Groupe Holder S.A.S. is French business group founded by Francis Holder in 1962. The group includes companies like Ladurée and PAUL.The head office is located in Marcq-en Barœul in Greater Lille in France.
 Mermaid Records is a Copenhagen Denmark based record label. The company was started as an independent record label by Mik Christensen and Nick Foss in 2005. The label publishes distinguished Danish artists.
 EOG Resources Inc. (formerly Enron Oil and Gas) is a Fortune 500 company with its headquarters in the Heritage Plaza building in downtown Houston Texas. The company is one of the largest independent oil and natural gas exploration and production companies in the United States with proven reserves in the United States Canada Trinidad and Tobago the United Kingdom and China. EOG Resources Inc. is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is traded under the ticker symbol EOG.
 Albis (アルビス株式会社 Arubisu Kabushiki Kaisha) is a retail and wholesale company headquartered in Imizu Toyama Prefecture Japan. It is listed on the second tier of the Nagoya Stock Exchange (code 7475). The name stands for Active Leader with Best Information and Strategy.
 Pro-Fit Inc. (有限会社プロ・フィット Yūgen-gaisha Puro Fitto) is a Japanese talent agency based in Tokyo which handles mainly voice actors.
 [check quotation syntax]Samuel Smith's Old Brewery popularly known as Samuel Smith's or Sam Smith's is an independent brewery in Tadcaster North Yorkshire England. It is Yorkshire's oldest brewery founded in 1758.
 K1 Speed is a chain of indoor kart racing tracks nationwide across the United States. K1 Speed also markets its own line of automotive and karting race gear called K1 Race Gear.K1 Speed was co-founded in 2003 by David Danglard and Susan Graver. Race car driver Boris Said is also a small owner in the company. K1 Speed features European-built electric go karts capable of 40 mph (64 km/h) asphalt tracks and computerized scoring.
 New Renaissance Pictures is an independent production and distribution company for film television and the web established in 2005. Since its inception New Renaissance Pictures has been involved with a variety of groundbreaking new media projects including WebSerials.com and the multimedia experience The Black Dawn.
 Swazi Express Airways was an airline based in Swaziland and owned by Steffen Air Charter Services.The airline was on the List of air carriers banned in the European Union.
 Juniper Advisory is a boutique investment bank based in Chicago with additional offices in Houston. Founded in January 2006 by veteran investment bankers James Burgdorfer and David Gordon the firm provides strategic financial advice on mergers acquisitions divestitures and other corporate finance matters.Juniper’s principals have focused exclusively on the hospital industry for over 20 years. The firm remains intentionally small specialized and independent.
 Con-way Inc. (NYSE: CNW) is an American multinational freight transportation and logistics company headquartered in Ann Arbor Michigan United States. With annual revenues of $5.6 billion Con-way is the third largest transportation and logistics company in America according to the 2013 Fortune 500 list. The company sells its services through its primary operating companies of Con-way Freight Con-way Truckload and Menlo Worldwide.
 Streicher's is a police equipment and supply company founded in 1953 in Butler Wisconsin. It was then known as Don Streicher's Guns. In 1983 the headquarters moved to Plymouth Minnesota with the opening of a new showroom and became known as Streicher's Police Equipment or simply Streicher's.Streicher's' main showroom and corporate headquarters have remained in Plymouth since 1983. The original showroom in Milwaukee Wisconsin still operates.
 CNN Films is a motion picture division of CNN originally launched in 2012. Its first film Girl Rising premiered in spring 2013 in the United States.
 Anta Sports Products Limited (SEHK: 2020) is a branded sportswear company in China. It involves the business of designing developing manufacture and marketing sportswear including sports footwear apparel and accessory under its own brand name ANTA.
 Hodder & Stoughton was founded in 1868 as a Christian publisher. Today Hodder Faith is an imprint of Hodder & Stoughton publishing the NIV Bible and a wide range of Christian books. Genres range from Christian lifestyle issues to popular theology and even some Christian fiction.The NIV Bible is the world's most popular modern English translation.Hodder Faith published the word-of-mouth phenomenon The Shack by Wm Paul Young in the UK in 2008.
 Dubai Aluminium (DUBAL) located in Jebel Ali is one of the largest industrial companies in the UAE. Some 16.2% of its total workforce are UAE nationals.DUBAL was incorporated pursuant to a Decree of the Ruler of Dubai dated 5 May 1975. It is a corporation wholly owned by the Investment Corporation of Dubai. HH Sheikh Hamdan Bin Rashid Al Maktoum is DUBAL's Chairman.
 The Ayinger Brewery (pronounced eye-ing-gr; German: Brauerei Aying) is a medium-sized German brewery located in Aying Bavaria about 25 km from Munich. Approximately 10% of Ayinger beers are exported mainly to Italy the United States and the rest of Europe. Ayinger beers have been frequent award winners in international beer competitions.[1][2]For some years a range of beer was brewed under the Ayingerbrau name by Samuel Smith's Brewery in Tadcaster United Kingdom.
 Blackstone & Co. was a farm implement maker at Stamford Lincolnshire United Kingdom.
 Singapore Bus Services (SBS) was a public bus operator in Singapore formed in 1973 with the merger of three private bus companies namely the Amalgamated Bus Company Limited the Associated Bus Services (Private) Limited and the United Bus Limited. The government-sanctioned merger was undertaken to improve service standards of the bus transport system which formed the backbone of public transport then.
 Groupe BPCE is France's second largest bank formed by the 2009 merger of CNCE (Caisse nationale des caisses d'épargne) and BFBP (Banque fédérale des banques populaires) has more than 8200 branches nationwide under their respective brand names serving nearly 40 million customers.
 State Line Tack a division of TABcom LLC is an equine products and supplies retailer. Beginning as a single outlet in Plaistow New Hampshire in 1980 on the state line between New Hampshire and Massachusetts State Line Tack converted an old barn into a two story retail tack store. At that time it offered the largest selection of horse supplies in a single location nationwide and offered more reasonably priced lines of inventory than most of its competitors.
 Aero Jet Express Internacional SA de CV was a Mexican airline based in Mexico City.
 Sandlot is a Japanese video game developer that is known for its very unusual and inventive control and gameplay mechanics. The company was founded in March 2001 and is composed of former employees from Human Entertainment.
 Dimensional Insight is a software company specializing in the development and marketing of business intelligence software. Their flagship product The Diver Solution delivers information in the form of reports charts and analytical applications.
 Revue de Paris was a French literary magazine founded in 1829 by Louis Desiré Veron.It ceased to be published in 1970.
 Stix Baer and Fuller (sometimes called Stix or SBF or the Grand Leader) was a department store chain in St. Louis Missouri that operated from 1892 to 1984. Originally called the Grand Leader the original central downtown store was located on the north side of Washington Avenue between Sixth and Seventh street and by 1920 had grown to encompass the entire city block.The store was founded in 1892 by Charles Stix brothers Julius Baer and Sigmond Baer and Aaron Fuller.
 Gevo Inc. is a renewable chemicals and advanced biofuels company headquartered in unincorporated Douglas County Colorado in the Denver-Aurora metropolitan area. The company develops bio-based alternatives to petroleum-based products using a combination of biotechnology and classical chemistry. Gevo converts renewable raw materials into isobutanol and renewable hydrocarbons that Gevo believes can be directly integrated on a “drop in” basis into existing fuel and chemical products.
 Minsk Automobile Plant (MAZ Belarusian: Адкрытaе Акцыянэрнaе Таварыства «Мінскі аўтамабільны завод» Open JSC Minsky Automobilny Zavod) is a state-run automotive manufacturer association in Belarus one of the largest in Eastern Europe.
 Sage Telecom Inc was founded in 1996 as a competitive local exchange carrier (CLEC) reselling telecommunications primarily in rural markets served by SBC Communications. The company provided local phone service local bundled phone service and dial up internet access in Arkansas California Connecticut Illinois Indiana Kansas Michigan Missouri Ohio Oklahoma Texas and Wisconsin.
 International Press Institute (IPI) is a global organisation dedicated to the promotion and protection of press freedom and the improvement of journalism practices. Founded in October 1950 the IPI has members in over 120 countries.IPI's membership is made up of editors and media executives working for some of the world's most respected media outlets.
 Data Age was a California-based video game company that developed and published titles for the Atari 2600 platform in the mid-1980s. Among their more well-known titles were Journey Escape (a tie-in with the band Journey) and Frankenstein's Monster both published in 1982.
 Leader Dogs for the Blind is a guide dog training school located in Rochester Hills Michigan. It was founded in 1939 by Lions Club members Charles Nutting Don Schuur and S.A. Dodge as the second guide dog school founded in the U.S.
 Hungry Girl is a free daily e-mail subscription service about healthy eating that launched in May 2004. Approximately one million people receive HG's daily emails.Hungry Girl is run by Lisa Lillien a media executive who has also held positions at Nickelodeon and Warner Bros.
 Providence Health & Services is a not-for-profit Catholic health care ministry operating multiple hospitals across 5 states. The health system includes 27 hospitals more than 35 non-acute facilities and numerous other health supportive housing and educational services in the states of Alaska Washington Montana Oregon and California. Providence Health & Services was started by the Sisters of Providence (Montreal Quebec) more than 155 years ago.
 Archirodon Group NV is a Greek company with headquarters based in Dordrecht Netherlands and Athens Greece that provides services relating to the construction and maintenance of maritime infrastructure and other construction works on an international basis.
 In 2007 the Chicago Symphony Orchestra launched its in-house record label CSO Resound. Since its founding CSO Resound has produced works by Gustav Mahler Anton Bruckner Francis Poulenc Dmitri Shostakovich Giuseppe Verdi Richard Strauss Igor Stravinsky Sergei Prokofiev and Maurice Ravel as well as arrangements of works for brass instruments as performed by members of the renowned brass section of the orchestra.
 Jamie Records was a record label founded in Philadelphia Pennsylvania in 1957 by Harold Lipsius. Their first 45rpm single It's Great To Fall In Love/Truly by Marian Caruso (Jamie 1033) was issued in 1957. The label hit the big time in 1958 with the release of Duane Eddy's Rebel Rouser/Stalkin' (Jamie 1104) which reached #6 on the Billboard Hot 100. Eddy became the mainstay Jamie artist recording hit after hit unprecedented for an instrumentalist.
 CompanionLink is a contact and calendar synchronization software that syncs data across smartphone and tablet devices computers and web-based applications. The software is developed by Portland OR-based CompanionLink Software Inc. CompanionLink Software Inc. also develops DejaOffice—contact management mobile app for Android iPhone BlackBerry and Windows Phone—and a secure cloud-based sync service called DejaCloud.CompanionLink Software Inc.
 Investing.com is a global financial portal and internet brand composed of 20 editions in 18 languages and an Android app in 12 language editions that provides news analysis streaming quotes and charts technical data and financial tools about the global financial markets.
 America Records was a French jazz record label.
 Boosey & Hawkes is a British music publisher purported to be the largest specialist classical music publisher in the world. Until 2003 it was also a major manufacturer of brass string and woodwind musical instruments.Formed in 1930 through the merger of two well-established British music businesses the company owns the copyrights or agencies to much major 20th century music including works by Bartók Leonard Bernstein Britten Copland Kodály Prokofiev Richard Strauss and Stravinsky.
 Greentree is an ERP business software company based in Auckland New Zealand. The Greentree product is made for medium-sized organisations and distributed through a partner model.Greentree is not industry vertical specific but provides capability across a wide range of market sectors.
 Octopus Holdings Limited (Chinese: 八達通控股有限公司) is a holding company based in Hong Kong jointly owned by five major transport companies in the city. Its subsidiaries which are all wholly owned operate the various functions of the Octopus card in both its commercial and non-commercial usage. In 2006 the company gained international recognition by winning the Chairman's Award of the World Information Technology and Services Alliance's 2006 Global IT Excellence Award for the Octopus card system.
 The Copyright Licensing Agency (CLA) is a UK non-profit organisation established in 1983 by the Authors' Licensing and Collecting Society (ALCS) and the Publishers' Licensing Society (PLS) to perform collective licensing on their behalf. The Copyright Licensing Agency is based in Saffron House in Farringdon London with additional offices in Edinburgh Scotland.
 Probe Records was a sub-label of ABC Records. It was started in 1968 as their label for psychedelic rock and progressive rock. Prior to 1974 the label was also used for international distribution of material made by ABC.
 On June 1 2004 Zain (formerly known as MTC Group) was tendered a 4-year agreement by the Lebanese government to manage one of the country’s two existing mobile networks (Mobile Interim Company 2 – MIC2). In November 2004 the operation was branded as mtc touch then as touch in June 2012 and remains today the sole subsidiary amongst 6 others not to be owned by Zain Group.100% of Touch’s employees are Lebanese.
 Boomdizzle is a record label and social networking and music website founded by rapper LL Cool J in 2008. Since its launch in September 2008 the website accepts music uploads from aspiring artists primarily from the hip hop genre and the site's users rate songs through contests voting and other community events. Boomdizzle provides the production distribution and promotional services traditionally offered by major entertainment labels.
 not to be confused with Random House publisherRandall House Publications is an American publisher of Christian literature and church resources. Based in Nashville Tennessee it produces about forty pieces of Sunday School curriculum each quarter.
 Zensar Technologies is a global information technology services and business process outsourcer headquartered in Pune India. It is a software wing of RPG Group and offers a range of integrated information technology (IT) and BPO products and services to Fortune 500 clients.Zensar has a marketing presence in the US Europe Asia Pacific and Australia.
 AgreeYa Mobility is a global enterprise mobility and mobile System Integration (SI) company based in Mountain View California. It was incorporated as a legal entity in January 2011 under the guidance of its current CEO Krish Kupathil. AgreeYa Mobility has operations in U.S. Canada India China Korea and Poland.
 Martin's Potato Chips is a manufacturer of potato chips popcorn and other salted snack foods. Martin's headquarters is located in south-central Pennsylvania at 5847 Lincoln Highway West in Thomasville; the company distributes to retailers in Pennsylvania and Maryland. It was founded by Harry and Fairy Martin in 1941. Ken Potter Jr. is president and Chief Executive Officer. Martin's potato chips have been served on Air Force One during the terms of presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush.
 Moshpit Tragedy Records is a Canadian independent record label founded in Windsor Ontario in 2006. The label specializes releases punk metal and some of their subgenres (crust sludge etc.). In 2007 they became the first record label to abandon physical releases in favour of a fully sliding-scale or pay what you want download model.
 Kettler (German: Heinz Kettler GmbH & Co. KG) is a German company based in Ense-Parsit with locations all around the world. The company produces bicycles riding toys leisure gear patio furniture and exercise equipment.
 Warner Bros. Games Montréal is a Canadian video game developer based in Montreal Quebec. The studio's titles are Batman: Arkham City – Armored Edition and Batman: Arkham Origins.
 The International Students of History Association (ISHA) is an international non-governmental organization of students of history.
 Cash Money Records LLC is an American record label founded by brothers Bryan Birdman Williams and Ronald Slim Williams who currently act as CEOs. Today it operates as a subsidiary of Universal Music Group and is distributed by Republic Records formerly Universal Republic. The label currently includes artists such as Lil Wayne Drake Tyga Nicki Minaj Ace Hood Busta Rhymes DJ Khaled Jay Sean Kevin Rudolf Limp Bizkit and Mystikal among others.
 Rubis is a France-based international company specialized in the storage distribution and sale of petroleum liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) food and chemical products. Rubis is market leader in France Switzerland Bermuda Madagascar Morocco French Antilles-Guiana and Senegal. The company's business are carried on by a number of subsidiaries including Coparef Rubis Terminal Vitogaz Kelsey Gas Ltd Lasfargaz La Collette Terminal among others.
 LakeView Asset Management LLC is an American investment consultancy specializing in customized account management for high net worth individuals and Asset Management. The company is based in Millburn New Jersey. It is the company's policy not to release how much it manages so there is no information to that matter.
 SK Hynix Inc. (KRX: 000660) is a South Korean memory semiconductor supplier of dynamic random access memory (DRAM) chips and flash memory chips. Hynix is the world's second-largest memory chipmaker (after Samsung Electronics) and the world's sixth-largest semiconductor company. Founded as Hyundai Electronic Industrial Co. Ltd. in 1983 and known as Hyundai Electronics the company has manufacturing sites in Korea the US China and Taiwan.
 Jubba Airways is a Somali airline. Previously headquartered at the Aden Adde International Airport in Mogadishu Somalia it is now based in Nairobi Kenya with additional branches in various other global areas. It operates domestic passenger and cargo flights within Somalia as well as to destinations in the Middle East.
 New Jersey Manufacturers Insurance Company or NJM headquartered in the West Trenton section of Ewing Township Mercer County New Jersey United States offers commercial auto personal auto workers' compensation homeowner's flood and umbrella insurance. The company formed in 1913 by a group of factory owners seeking workmen's compensation coverage. NJM has grown to provide insurance to more than 700000 policyholders living in New Jersey and Eastern Pennsylvania.
 Small Beer Press is a publisher of fantasy and literary fiction based in Northampton Massachusetts. It was founded by Gavin Grant and Kelly Link in 2000 and publishes novels collections and anthologies. It also publishes the zine Lady Churchill's Rosebud Wristlet chapbooks the Peapod Classics line of classic reprints and limited edition printings of certain titles.
 Grundig Business Systems (GBS) is a German company located in Bayreuth and Nuremberg in Germany and employs 170 people. Since 2001 it has been an independent corporation manufacturing analogue and digital dictation devices featuring the Made in Germany quality label.
 Stuarts Department Stores Inc. was founded in New England in 1957. It incorporated as a Delaware corporation in 1983 around which time the regional clothing and houseware retailer had stores in every state in New England with a primary focus on Massachusetts. Its stock once traded for close to $30 a share.
 Hollywood Entertainment Corporation (Nasdaq: HLYW) known as Hollywood Video was a VHS DVD and video game rental shop company started in 1988. The chain was the largest direct competitor to Blockbuster Video until it was purchased by Movie Gallery in 2005.Hollywood Video ceased operations in May 2010 when Movie Gallery its parent company declared Chapter 7 bankruptcy.
 Acta Wireless is a venture capital firm that specializes in providing seed-stage funding to wireless and telecom companies. Acta Wireless has several offices with locations in Montreal Canada Washington D.C and London England.
 Kitbag Ltd. is a United Kingdom's sports retailer.The company was purchased by Findel PLC in October 2006 from European Home Retail plc.
 Venari Resources LLC a privately held offshore exploration and production company founded in 2012 by Brian Reinsborough is focused on the oil-prone subsalt region in the Gulf of Mexico’s deep waters. In May 2012 global private equity investment firms Warburg Pincus Kelso & Company Temasek Holdings and The Jordan Company provided an initial $1.125 billion capital commitment so Venari can pursue its exploration program and development projects in the Gulf of Mexico.
 Trango Virtual Processors was founded in 2004 by Pierre Coulombeau and Fabrice Devaux as a subsidiary of ELSYS Design group to develop a real-time mobile hypervisor. Trango was acquired by VMware in October 2008.
 Andersen Corporation is a U.S. based manufacturer of window and door products headquartered in the St. Paul exurb of Bayport Minnesota. The Andersen Corporation companies include Andersen Windows Inc. Eagle Window & Door Manufacturing Inc. Renewal by Andersen window replacement American Craftsman Window & Door Company and Silver Line Building Products LLC.
 SiBEAM Inc. now a subsidiary of Silicon Image was a fabless semiconductor company that developed high-speed wireless communication technology using millimeter waves (mmWaves). The company was based in Sunnyvale and San Diego California.SiBEAM was founded in 2004 by researchers in wireless communications from the University of California Berkeley and strategic backers including Panasonic Samsung Cisco Systems and Best Buy.
 A-F Records is an independent record label originated by the band Anti-Flag based in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania USA. This label was created to help expose more political punk rock bands to a greater audience.
 Arthur Barnett Ltd trading as Arthur Barnett is a department store in Dunedin New Zealand. Established in 1903 by Arthur Barnett the store first began as a drapery for men and boys progressing over the years to become one of Dunedin's most successful department stores. As well as their flagship George Street store Arthur Barnett had stores in Balclutha Alexandra Oamaru and Christchurch. They also briefly had a branch in Melbourne Australia which operated from 1970 to 1977.
 Akita Broadcasting System Inc. (ABS 株式会社秋田放送) is a Japanese broadcaster in Akita Prefecture. Its radio station is affiliated with Japan Radio Network (JRN) and National Radio Network (NRN) and its TV station is affiliated with Nippon News Network (NNN) and Nippon TV Network System (NNS).
 Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in the Morgan Stanley Building Midtown Manhattan New York City. Morgan Stanley operates in 42 countries and has more than 1300 offices and 60000 employees. The company reports US$1.9 trillion in client assets under management as of the end of 2013.The corporation formed by J.P. Morgan & Co. partners Henry S. Morgan (grandson of J.P.
 Hill International (NYSE: HIL) is a worldwide construction consulting firm. Founded in 1976 the company is currently headquartered in Marlton New Jersey United States.In 2012 Engineering News-Record magazine ranked Hill as the 8th largest construction management firm-for-fee and the 10th largest program management firm in the U.S.
 MONILINK Limited is the banking service operating in the United Kingdom that gives customers access to their financial information directly from their mobile phones. Created in 2003 MONILINK is a joint venture between Monitise and LINK (UK).
 Falco Electronics is a multinational Mexican electronics corporation founded in 1991 in Mérida Yucatán México. The company sells products under its own name and also acts as an ODM OEM and ECM/EMS.
 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. is a Swiss global health-care company that operates worldwide under two divisions: Pharmaceuticals and Diagnostics.
 GB Innomech (Innomech) is a UK company that designs and develops custom automation systems to help manufacturers reduce their costs increase throughput and improve product quality.The company integrates machine vision robotics and other technologies to address customers manufacturing challenges and works in sectors such as pharmaceuticals medical devices and environmental product manufacturing as well as laboratory automation.
 Marquette University Press is a university press managed and supported by Marquette University. The Press is a founding member of the Association of Jesuit University Presses (AJUP).
 IBS Software Services is an Indian multinational IT solutions provider to the Travel Transportation and Logistics (TTL) industry. The company is headquartered at Technopark Trivandrum India. IBS owns IP rights to 17 products in the TTL industry. The major lines of business include airline passenger reservation; loyalty management; airline and airport operations; airline cargo services; aircraft maintenance repair and overhaul; travel and cruise; and hospitality distribution.V. K.
 Warbelow's Air Ventures is an American regional airline based in Fairbanks Alaska USA. It operates domestic scheduled passenger charter and tour services as well as flight tours. Its base is Fairbanks International Airport.
 Novagen Software Ltd (commonly referred to as Novagen) was a British software developer which released a number of computer games on a variety of platforms from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s.The company was set up by Paul Woakes and Bruce Jordan and employed approximately 18 people. In addition to running Novagen Paul Woakes also developed and programmed the vast majority of the company's products.
 Animation Collective was an American animated cartoon studio formed in 2003. The studio was based in New York City and was founded by Larry Schwarz. It is best known for its internet and television series using Adobe Flash Maya and other software.In October 2009 the studio was bought out by HandMade Films the company that produced Monty Python's Life of Brian and Planet 51. It continued to produce content under their company.
 Cogniview is an international computer software company focusing mainly on data conversion applications for the PC.The company has released several free open source software products related to PDF data conversion and content licensing.Cogniview's flagship product is PDF2XL an application for converting tabular data from PDF files into Excel.Cogniview sells its products through distributors and online worldwide in more than 70 countries.
 Pollee is a mobile female urinal designed and produced by the Danish design bureau UIWE. It is specifically designed to be used at public events such as concerts of music festivals.
 APF Electronics Inc. was a publicly traded company in the United States dedicated to consumer electronics. The company's name comes from the initials two brothers who founded the company Al & Phil Friedman.
 Mobily (Arabic: موبايلي‎) is the trade name launched in May 2005 by Saudi Arabia's second Telecommunications company Etihad-Etisalat consortium (Arabic: اتحاد اتصالات‎). The company as the winning bidder for Saudi Arabia's second GSM licence in 2004 provides mobile telecom services nationwide breaking Saudi Telecom's monopoly in the wireless business. The company launched 3.5G services on 27 June 2006 and 4G services on 13 September 2011.
 Oberthur Cash Protection is a French manufacturer of Intelligent Banknote Neutralisation Systems to protect cash based in Dijon France. Established in 1985 the company holds one of the first IBNS patents to protect valuables by neutralizing them with ink and as of 2011 is the largest manufacturer of Intelligent Banknote Neutralisation systems in the world with over 60000 systems installed.
 Empire Airways was an airline based in Farmingdale New York USA. It operated fixed-wing and helicopter charter services as well as VIP corporate shuttle air ambulance and aircraft maintenance services. Its main base was Republic Airport.
 Viva Services is one of the leading providers of online services in Greece.It is an online travel agency a telecommunications provider licensed by the Hellenic Telecommunications and Post Commission and a registered insurance agent.It is one of the largest online travel agencies and ticketing service providers as well as the largest VoIP (Voice over IP) provider in Greece.The company is a subsidiary of Realize S.A.
 IMBEL is an acronym for Indústria de Material Bélico do Brasil (Brazilian War Material Industry) a Brazilian state company founded in 1975 as a quango of the Ministry of Defence.Its missions are to cooperate in the planning and production of war material through the transfer of technology encouraging the creation of new industries and provide financial and technical assistance to them; administer their own industrial and commercial park of war material and promote development for other activities related to their goals.
 Wateen Telecom is a converged communication services provider based in Lahore Pakistan and is a sister concern of Warid Telecom. The company began its operations in Pakistan in 2007 with the deployment of the largest fibre optic network in the country. Moreover Wateen is the world’s first company to commercially roll out a WiMAX network on a nationwide scale.
 XL Group plc (NYSE: XL) is a global insurance company headquartered in Ireland with executive offices in Hamilton Bermuda and Stamford Connecticut USA. The company has approximately 4000 employees and about 60 offices on Africa Asia Australia Europe North America and South America. Formerly XL Capital Ltd the company officially changed its name and domicile on 1 July 2010.
 ZE redirects here. For other uses see Ze.Líneas Aéreas Azteca [ˈlineas aˈeɾeas asˈteka] was an airline based in Mexico City Mexico. It operated domestic scheduled services and international services to the USA. Its main base was Mexico City International Airport with a hub at General Abelardo L.
 S1 No. 1 Style (エスワン ナンバーワンスタイル) or just S1 (エスワン) is a major Japanese producer of adult videos (AV) which has its offices in Tokyo's Meguro Ward.
 Diamond Bear Brewing Company is a beer brewery located in Little Rock Arkansas. Diamond Bear derives its name from the fact Arkansas is the only state in the United States where diamonds are naturally found and the fact Arkansas was once known as The Bear State.The Diamond Bear Brewery is also a prime tourist attraction offering tours to beer lovers visiting Arkansas.Diamond Bear started brewing on September 21 2000 founded by Russ and Sue Melton.
 TDG Limited was a goods transportation distribution warehousing and supply chain management company based in England with offices also in Ireland Belgium the Netherlands Spain Hungary and Germany.
 Cenovus Energy Inc. (pronounced se-nō-vus) is an integrated oil company headquartered in Calgary Alberta.Cenovus was formed on December 1 2009 when Encana Corporation split into two distinct companies: one an integrated oil company (Cenovus) the other a pure play natural gas company (Encana). The split left Cenovus with the assets formerly belonging to PanCanadian Energy Corp. and Alberta Energy Company (AEC) the two Canadian oil and gas companies that merged to form Encana in 2002.
 Kwikpoint is an Alexandria Virginia based company that develops visual language translation tools that enable users to communicate critical information to anyone anywhere in the world – for the military and public service communities as well as for corporate and leisure travelers.
 Kimball International is a manufacturer of furniture and electronic assemblies serving customers around the world. Kimball International consists of two groups: the Furniture Segment and the Contract Electronics Segment. It is the successor to W.W. Kimball and Company the world's largest piano and organ manufacturer at certain times in the 19th and 20th centuries.
 Debenhams plc is a multinational retail chain operating under a department store format in the United Kingdom and Ireland with franchise stores in other countries. The company was founded in the eighteenth century as a single store in London and has now grown to 172 locations across the UK Ireland and Denmark. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. Since 1993 it has also been known for the Designers at Debenhams brand range.
 Ghost Games (formerly EA Gothenburg) is a video game developer owned by Electronic Arts (EA) located in Sweden and the UK (Ghost Games UK). The studio is currently focused on Need for Speed games using the Frostbite 3 game engine. 80% of British developer Criterion Games staff (who have produced previous Need for Speed titles and assisted Ghost in the development of Need for Speed Rivals) moved to Ghost Games UK to help grow the studio.
 Truphone is a global mobile network that operates its service internationally.
 Mechanism Digital is a motion graphics production company in New York City. Mechanism specializes in Visual Effects and 3-D Animation.Established by Lucien Harriot in 1996 Mechanism Digital is an award winning digital production studio and a leading provider of visual effects for feature film commercials and episodic television in New York City.
 ISDERA or Ingenieurbüro für Styling DEsign und RAcing (Engineering company for Styling Design and Racing) is a privately run automaker based in a small workshop in Hildesheim Germany. The company was formerly based in Leonberg Germany. Each high-performance sports car is hand-built by a small team of craftsmen and the only way to purchase an Isdera is to call the CEO directly. Each vehicle is custom built for its buyer and a waiting period of six months is to be expected.
 NRG Media is a media company headquartered in Cedar Rapids Iowa. It was founded on March 1 2005 as a result of a merger of NewRadio Group and the radio assets of Waitt Media. At its inception it was the seventh largest radio company in the USA. NRG owns and operates 54 radio stations in four Midwestern states.
 YOOX Group S.p.A is an Italian internet mail order retailer of men's and women's multibrand clothing and accessories. Founded by Federico Marchetti a former investment banker in Zola Predosa near Bologna in 2000 Yoox Group has become a profitable e-commerce company that serves more than 100 countries worldwide.
 GSI Outdoors is an American company specializing in camping and backpacking cookware. Their equipment has won awards including Backpacker magazine's Editor's Choice award in 2001 for their Hard Anodized Extreme cookset [1] and in 2008 for their GSI Outdoors Dualist  cookset.[2]
 Rib-X Pharmaceuticals founded in 2000 is an American privately held biopharmaceutical firm that focuses on the design and development of novel broad-spectrum antibiotics for the treatment of antibiotic-resistant infections in hospital and community settings. The company is located in New Haven Connecticut. Rib-X seeks to exploit expertise in the structural biology (particularly ribosomal structure) and molecular modeling to design new antibiotics.
 Pilot Travel Centers LLC doing business as Pilot Flying J is a chain of truck stops in the United States and Canada. The company is based in Knoxville Tennessee where Pilot Corporation the majority owner is based. The company is owned by Pilot FJ Management Inc. and CVC Capital Partners. The company operates truck stops under the Pilot Travel Centers and Flying J Travel Plaza brands.
 Aerovis Airlines is a cargo airline based in Kiev Ukraine. It was established in 2003 and operates charter cargo services within Ukraine the European Union the Middle-East and Africa.
 Grupo León Jimenes C. por A. is one of the largest companies in the Dominican Republic with annual profits of approximately $600 million and is headquartered in Santo Domingo. Empresa León Jimenes enjoys virtual monopolies in two local markets—beer and cigarettes—as well as having banking and printing operations. It brews Presidente Bohemia Miller and Heineken beers and makes Marlboro cigarettes. It is also the parent company of La Aurora S.A. the maker of Aurora and León Jimenes cigars.
 EDF Energy is an integrated energy company in the United Kingdom with operations spanning electricity generation and the sale of gas and electricity to homes and businesses throughout the United Kingdom. It employs 13158 people and handles 5.7 million customer accounts.
 D. L. Evans Bank is a bank headquartered in Burley Idaho. The bank currently has branches in several Idaho cities primarily in the state's Magic Valley region. D. L. Evans Bank was founded in 1904 by D. L. Evans and other investors in Albion. The bank's only location was in Albion until 1979 when a branch was opened in Burley. Recently the bank has opened branches in Eastern Idaho and the Boise metropolitan area.Former Governor of Idaho John V. Evans Sr. a grandson of D. L.
 ReCellular is the world's largest recycler and reseller of cell phones.Used cell phones are a growing electronic waste challenge. On average American cell phone subscribers replace their cell phones every 18 months. In the U.S. between 100 million and 130 million cell phones are thrown away each year representing an estimated 65000 tons of electronics waste.
 The Big Sandy Area Development District (BSADD) is a regional planning and development organization that focuses on economic and community development; community services; aging and disability services; and housing services for a five county region in Eastern Kentucky. The five counties served within the region includes Floyd Johnson Magoffin Martin and Pike counties. The Big Sandy Area Development District office is located at 110 Resource Court in Prestonsburg Kentucky.
 Syhunt is a world wide web network security software company with headquarters in Rio de Janeiro Brazil. Syhunt was founded on August 2003 by Felipe Aragon a network security specialist.
 IGD SIIQ S.p.A.
 Waterfront Air (Chinese: 海翔航空; Jyutping: hoi2 coeng4 hong4 hung1) is set to reintroduce seaplane services from Hong Kong's Victoria Harbour after almost 50 years. From the 1920s to the mid-1960s scheduled seaplane services were a vital fixture in Victoria Harbour.
 Eurobank Ergasias (formery: Eurobank EFG or EFG Eurobank Ergasias) is the third largest bank in Greece with more than 300 branches throughout the country and leading market shares in high growth segments. It was part of Spiro Latsis group of companies. Eurobank Ergasias is based in Athens Greece. Eurobank was a member company of European Financial Group EFG (Luxembourg) SA (EFG Group) with about 24500 employees. However in July 2012 it was deconsolidated from the EFG Group.
 Full Moon Features is an American motion picture production and distribution company headed by B-movie veteran Charles Band. It is known for the direct-to-video series Puppet Master and Subspecies as well as the innovative VideoZone featurette at the end of films through 1989 to 2013.
 Cinema City is a brand of multiplex cinemas in eastern and central Europe run by the Israeli company Cinema City International (CCI). In Europe it has cinemas in Hungary Poland Romania Slovakia and the Czech Republic. CCI also runs a chain of Israeli multiplexes under the name of Rav-Hen.On 19 January 2011 as a part of a bigger European deal Cinema City acquires 8 multiplexes (4 of them in Prague) from Palace Cinemas with 65 screens.
 RIB Software AG is a Germany-based multinational company providing construction and building information modelling (BIM) software to customers in the architecture engineering real estate and process industries and in the public.
 Whistler Transit Ltd. a division of Pacific Western Transportation operates the public transit service in Whistler and the Pemberton Valley area of British Columbia Canada. Buses operate every day between 5:30 a.m. and 3 a.m. and are equipped with racks for skis or bikes depending on the season.Funding for the Whistler Transit System is shared between the Resort Municipality of Whistler and BC Transit.
 FutureFuel Corporation is a developer and producer of chemicals and biofuels. It is listed on the New York Stock Exchange with symbol FF.
 QRS Records was a United States record label which produced three different groups of records 1928-1930 including some notable jazz and blues recordings. The QRS company began in 1900 as a manufacturer of piano rolls and were one of the leading makers throughout the 20th Century.
 Dŵr Cymru Welsh Water (DCWW) is a company which supplies drinking water and wastewater services to most of Wales and parts of western England.It is regulated under the Water Industry Act 1991.
 Cascade Brewery is the oldest continually operating brewery in Australia. It is based in South Hobart Tasmania. The Cascade estate (originally a saw milling operation) was founded beside the clean water of the Hobart Rivulet in 1824 by Peter Degraves (1778 – 31 December 1852) an entrepreneur who emigrated from England on the Hope in 1824. In 1826 charges were laid against Degraves for debt and he was taken into custody until 1831. In 1832 Peter Degraves built a Brewery on his property.
 Aberavon Mutual Permanent Building Society was a building society in the United Kingdom. It is mentioned in the deeds to several properties at the West Glamorgan Archive Service. In January 1974 the society was acquired by the Principality Building Society.
 MisterCertified is based in Tampa Florida and was founded in 2001. The company provides on-site computer service and support for residential customers as well as small businesses throughout Hillsborough County Florida.
 Mirage Studios is an independent American comic book company founded on September 30 1983 by Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird based in Northampton Massachusetts and best known for the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles comic book series.
 Rural Transit of Mindanao Incorporated (RTMI) is a bus line under Vallacar Transit Inc.. It operates bus transport services in the northern and western part of Mindanao with its headquarters in Cagayan de Oro City. Its bases are located in Bulua and Yacapin (both in Cagayan de Oro City) Pagadian City Dipolog City and General Santos City.
 Camera 40 Productions is an independent film production company based in Utah USA. The company was formed in 2001 by filmmakers Jason Faller Andrew Black and Kynan Griffin while they were attending film school.
 Warner Premiere was the direct-to-video label of Warner Home Video itself the home video unit of Warner Bros. In 2006 Warner Home Video announced they would enter the market of releasing original direct-to-video films a market that has proven lucrative for studios over the past few years. They announced much of their output would be follow-ups to films that had done well at the box office theatrically but wouldn't be expected to do well if a sequel were to be made.
 Tenon Limited is a New Zealand-based publicly traded company producing timber products. It was formerly known as Fletcher Forests which was split from the Fletcher Challenge group.
 Xemu Records is an independent record label with a roster of indie rock artists and bands.
 British Commonwealth Pacific Airlines or BCPA was an airline registered in New South Wales Australia in June 1946 with headquarters in Sydney. It was formed by the governments of Australia (50%) New Zealand (30%) and the United Kingdom (20%) to pursue trans-Pacific flights.
 Optimal Payments PLC formerly known as Neovia Financial PLC is an online payments company based in the Isle of Man and regulated in the United Kingdom. It is the provider of the Netbanx gateway Neteller e-wallet and Neteller Net+ debit card products used by merchants and consumers in over 180 countries.
 SodaStream is the maker of a consumer home carbonation product based on the principles of making a carbonated drink as originally invented by Guy Gilbey in 1903. The device like a soda syphon carbonates water by adding carbon dioxide from a pressurized cylinder to create soda water (or carbonated water) to drink. The company also sells more than 100 different types of concentrated syrups and flavourings to make carbonated drinks.
 Modern Method Records was a record label that helped to document the Boston hardcore scene in the early 80's. Modern Method was an offshoot of the Newbury Comics retail store and also the Boston Rock magazine. The label was located at 268 Newbury ST. in Boston.
 AVX Corporation a 71 percent owned subsidiary of Kyocera Electronics Corporation is a manufacturer of electronic components headquartered in Greenville South Carolina. It is the largest industrial employer in Horry County South Carolina with almost 1000 workers in Myrtle Beach and Conway. AVX has 9900 employees and operates in the United States Europe and Asia. 2012 sales were $1.545 billion.
 The Jamaica Urban Transit Company (JUTC) is the government owned bus service operating within the Kingston Metropolitan Transit Region (KMTR) Spanish Town and Portmore. The company is headquartered in Rockfort Kingston with its primary hubs being the North West and South Parades (NWS Parades) in Downtown Kingston; and the newly built Half Way Tree Transport Centre in Half Way Tree Saint Andrew.
 Coca-Cola Enterprises is a marketer producer and distributor of Coca-Cola products. It is the anchor bottler for Western Europe and was formerly the anchor bottler for most of North America.The company's products include Coca-Cola Diet Coke Coke Zero Sprite Fanta Ocean Spray Capri-Sun Chaudfontaine Schweppes Monster and Relentless.
 Platonix Joint Ventures established in 2007 is an Israeli joint venture seed fund with over $1 million under management. Platonix is focused on seed stage companies in the fields of software and internet.As a joint venture Platonix typically invests between $50000 and $250000 in R&D provided over a period of between three months to one year in each startup.
 Ryan International Airlines Inc. was an American FAR 121 airline with domestic flag and supplemental authority.Based in Rockford Illinois the US Postal Service was once the airline's main customer flying Boeing 727 aircraft on scheduled cargo flights.
 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Ltd. (MHRIL) a part of the Mahindra Group was founded in 1996 to provide holidays on a timeshare basis. MHRIL includes the brands Club Mahindra Holidays Club Mahindra Travel Club Mahindra Fundays Mahindra Homestays and Zest.Club Mahindra started with a single resort in Munnar in 2007. Presently the company has over 43 resorts in India and abroad.
 Overflow (オーバーフロー Ōbāfurō) (stylized 0verflow) is a Japanese video game division of Stack Ltd. specializing in the production of mature interactive fiction. The Overflow label is known for its game franchise School Days. The company headquarters are located in the Sugishō Building (杉商ビル Sugishō Biru) in Kanda Chiyoda Tokyo. On February 10 2012 Overflow confirmed that Shiny Days a remake of Summer Days will be the last title produced by the brand.
 Marin Transit is a public bus agency in Marin County California in the United States. Originally formed in 1964 as Marin County Transit District (MCTD) it was rebranded as Marin Transit on 30 July 2007. In addition to using a new logo Marin Transit has taken an active role in local bus service that historically have been planned and operated by Golden Gate Transit on behalf of MCTD.
 Globacom Limited (or GLO) is a Nigerian multinational telecommunications company headquartered in Lagos Nigeria. GLO is a privately owned telecommunications carrier that started operations on 29 August 2003. It currently operates in four countries in West Africa namely Nigeria Republic of Benin Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire. As of June 2009 the company has employed more than 2500 people worldwide.
 STATS LLC is a global sports statistics and information company – the company name originated as an acronym for Sports Team Analysis and Tracking Systems. It was founded on April 30 1981 by John Dewan who became the company's CEO. STATS was an outgrowth of the grassroots non-profit Project Scoresheet a volunteer network created to collect baseball statistics prompted by a suggestion made by Bill James who later joined STATS for a time.
 Eversholt Rail Group (formerly HSBC Rail (UK) Limited) is one of the three major ROSCOs (rolling stock operating company) in the United Kingdom. Created in 1994 as part of the privatisation of British Rail it owns around a third of passenger railway locomotives multiple units and coaching stock running on Network Rail's system which it leases to various train operators.Financing services include operating leases procurement refurbishment engineering support and maintenance improvements.
 Transair-Gyraintiee was a regional charter airline based in Arkhangelsk Russia and established in 1996. Operations ceased in 2010 when new regulations were enforced
 Kellogg's (also Kellogg Kellogg Company and Kellogg's of Battle Creek) is an American multinational food manufacturing company headquartered in Battle Creek Michigan United States. Kellogg's produces cereal and convenience foods including cookies crackers toaster pastries cereal bars fruit-flavored snacks frozen waffles and vegetarian foods.
 First Citizens' Federal Credit Union is a federally chartered credit union headquartered in Fairhaven Massachusetts in the AT&T Building on Mill Road.
 Walmart Market is a chain of grocery stores launched by Walmart in 1998. These stores are designed to be the opposite of vastly larger superstores. These smaller stores are meant to woo shoppers with easier parking less crowded aisles and quicker checkout. Walmart Market stores offer a variety of products including a full line of groceries.
 Comores Air Services is a small airline which serves to transport people and cargo between the three islands of the Comoros as well as the nearby island of Mayotte.
 Enzyme Records is a Netherlands-based hardcore record label. Founded in 2001 by Patrick van Kerckhoven as a continuation of Kerckhoven's previous labels Gangsta Audiovisuals and Supreme Intelligence Records to 'restart' his labels and continue in a new style of hardcore without being drowned in pointless criticism. All artists that were on the Gangsta Audiovisuals and Supreme Intelligence roster also moved to Enzyme.
 Lundgren Guitar Pickup's is a Swedish manufacturer of guitar and bass guitar pickups formed in 1990 by Johan Lundgren and situated in Jönköping. The company provides pickups for companies and luthiers such as the Ibanez's Custom Shop Halkan Guitars Conklin Guitars Nevborn Guitars Crimson Guitars as well as private customers. Along with their lineup of production pickups the company also custom makes rewinds and repair older pickups.
 The Crown Worldwide Group headquartered in Hong Kong provides transportation relocation services logistics and storage services from offices in nearly 60 countries. Services include international and domestic household goods shipments global mobility departure and destination services fine arts transportation records management freight forwarding third-party distribution wine storage and specialized logistics services.
 Plex Systems Inc. is a software company based in Troy Michigan. The company is a holding of Francisco Partners Inc. and develops and markets Plex Online a software as a service (SaaS) or cloud computing ERP for manufacturing.
 Hefty Records is an independent record label based in Chicago Illinois (USA). Founded in 1995 by John Hughes III (aka Slicker) the label releases a range in genres that include post-rock IDM down-tempo nu jazz experimental music and hip-hop.
 Advenza Freight was a rail freight company based in Gloucester in the United Kingdom. It was part of the Cotswold Rail group. The company ceased operations in October 2009 due to safety concerns.
 Herfy is a large fast food restaurant chain in Saudi Arabia and one of the largest in the Middle East surpassing major international corporations in terms of local size. It has a total of more than 212 restaurants and 4000 employees throughout Saudi Arabia. It also has many subsidiaries including Herfy Bakery and a soon to be built meat processing plant. It has been an entirely Saudi-owned company since its inception.
 Herr's is a Nottingham Pennsylvania-based brand of potato chips and other snack foods. While their products are sold throughout the Eastern United States and Canada their stronghold is the Mid-Atlantic region. Herr's products are sold in twenty-eight states.
 Sony Music Entertainment India is the predominant record label operated by Sony Music Entertainment in India. The company began operation in 1997 and it was the first record company in India to be 100% foreign-owned. Since December 2013 the company distributes Warner Music Group releases for Indian and SAARC market.
 Extreme Pizza is a privately held restaurant franchise chain specializing in conventional and California-style pizza founded by Todd Parent and Michael Pastor in 1994 in San Francisco California. The chain currently includes over 30 locations in the United States and one in Ireland. Most franchises are located in Northern California as well as other states including Colorado Texas Virginia Washington Oregon and Michigan.
 SemBioSys Genetics Inc. was a development stage agricultural biotechnology company. It utilized its patented safflower pharming platform to develop and make proteins and oils for the nutraceutical functional food and beverage and pharmaceutical industries. A University of Calgary spin-off (1994) SemBioSys became a publicly traded firm.
 Loog Records is a UK-based record label owned by Universal Music Group and operated as an imprint of Polydor Records. The label was launched in 2003 and managed by former NME editor James Oldham. It is named after former Rolling Stones manager Andrew Loog Oldham. Loog has released recordings by artists such as The Bravery The Open The Troubadours Starky and Hatcham Social.
 Malvern Star is a manufacturer of bicycles located in Melbourne Australia. It began in 1902 and went on to become a household name in Australia.
 OJSC Transaero Airlines (Russian: ОАО «АК «ТРАНСАЭРО» Открытое акционерное общество Авиационная компания ТРАНСАЭРО) or simply Transaero (Russian: Трансаэро) is an airline with its head office on the grounds of Domodedovo International Airport Domodedovsky District Moscow Oblast Russia. It operates scheduled and charter flights to more than 99 domestic and international destinations.
 Khon Kaen Sugar is a sugar-manufacturing company based in Thailand. Its corporate headquarters are located in Bangkok. Principal manufacturing facilities are located in Khon Kaen of northeastern Thailand.
 Factory Records was a Manchester based British independent record label started in 1978 by Tony Wilson and Alan Erasmus which featured several prominent musical acts on its roster such as Joy Division New Order A Certain Ratio The Durutti Column Happy Mondays Northside and (briefly) Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark and James.
 Stream Processors Inc was a Silicon Valley-based fabless semiconductor companyspecializing in the design and manufacture of high-performance digital signal processors for applications including videosurveillance multi-function printers and video conferencing. The company ceased operations in 2009.
 The Independent Institute is an American libertarian think tank based in Oakland California that states its mission is to boldly advance peaceful prosperous and free societies grounded in a commitment to human worth and dignity. Founded in 1986 by David J. Theroux the Institute sponsors scholarly studies of political social economic legal environmental and foreign policy issues. It has more than 140 research fellows.
 Huron Valley State Bank is a community bank founded in 2005 by a group of local investors. Huron Valley State Bank is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and is an Equal Housing Lender.
 Saudi International Petrochemical Company (Sipchem)is a Saudi joint stock company owned jointly by private sector investors of Saudi Arabia and GCC countries. It was incorporated on 22 December 1999 with a paid-in capital of SR 500 million. The share capital was initially increased in 2003 by issuing 3 million shares thereby raising the capital to SR 650 million.
 Lupin Limited is a transnational pharmaceutical company based in Mumbai. It is the 2nd largest Indian pharma company by market capitalization; the 14th largest generic pharmaceutical company globally and; the 5th largest generic pharmaceutical company in the US by prescription-led market share.
 Oriole Records was the first British record label founded in 1925 by the London-based Levy Company which owned a gramophone record subsidiary called Levaphone Records.
 Origin Pacific Airways was an airline based in Nelson in New Zealand. Its main base was at Nelson Airport (NSN). It ceased passenger operations on 10 August 2006 and its residual freight operations on 15 September 2006.
 Tarong Energy was an electricity generation company in Australia. It was fully owned by the Queensland Government and had a portfolio of generating sites using thermal coal and hydroelectric power in Queensland. Following a review by the Treasurer of Queensland of the state’s electricity sector in 2010 the assets of Tarong Energy were split between Stanwell Corporation and CS Energy on 1 July 2011. Tarong Energy as an entity became a subsidiary of Stanwell Corporation.
 Thomson Geer is an independent Australian corporate law firm. It is the seventh largest independent firm in the country by number of lawyers.
 HD Vest Inc. is an American financial services firm which offers tax and other financial planning consultations to its customers. Founded in 1983 as H.D. Vest Investment Securities Inc. the company now operates under the name HD Vest Financial Services.
 Café de Coral (Chinese: 大家樂; pinyin: dà jiā lè) is a fast food franchise based in Hong Kong owned by the Café de Coral group. The chain is one of the largest and most popular fast food chains in Hong Kong with more than 120 restaurants in operation (as of March 2004). It was established in 1968 and today caters to about 300000 people on an average day.In February 2006 it announced that it would spend approximately HK$ 100 million in introducing its new 4G design of its restaurants.
 Stavanger Buss-Selskap was a Norwegian bus company responsible for operating the city bus of Stavanger. It was created on July 10 1937 and operated until 1975 when it was taken over by Stavanger og Omland Trafikkselskap. To begin with the company had 11 buses but soon increased to more. Between 1947 and 1963 it also operated the Stavanger trolleybus with five buses. The company is now part of Veolia Transport Norway.
 Origomu is a movement originated in New York City by Chilean artist Tatiana Pagés in 2009. It is the practice of recycling plastic waste into wearable art. Origomu or オリゴム comes from the Japanese ori meaning “folding” and gomu meaning “rubber”.
 Kuzeybatı Worldwide Real Estate Services is a Turkish-based firm of real estate services.
 FL Goodwin was an American aircraft manufacturer that was based in Phoenix Arizona. The company specialized in the design and manufacturer of powered parachutes.The company introduced its first model the Goodwin Tri-Moto in 1997 a unique design of powered parachute carriage that can be folded up to stow on top of a recreational vehicle in a small pick-up truck or even in a small boat.
 Varner-Gruppen AS is the largest actor in the textile retailing trade in Norway with approximately 500 stores around the country including Bik Bok Carlings Volt Cubus Dressmann Solo Urban Vivikes Wearhouse Levi's Store and WOW. The stores are located throughout Scandinavia the Baltic Countries Germany and Poland. The group has more than 1100 stores in total.
 Agora Spółka Akcyjna or Agora SA is a Polish media company. Agora and Gazeta Wyborcza (English: Electoral Gazette) were created on the eve of the parliamentary elections in 1989. Gazeta became the first independent newspaper in Poland while Agora grew into one of the largest and most renowned media companies in Poland.
 Narita International Airport Corporation (成田国際空港株式会社 Narita Kokusai Kūkō Kabushiki Gaisha) abbreviated NAA is a parastatal company responsible for the management of Narita International Airport in Japan. It is the successor to the New Tokyo International Airport Authority (新東京国際空港公団 Shin Tōkyō Kokusai Kūkō Kōdan) which was established on 30 July 1966. NAA was privatized on April 1 2004.
 JAC Recording Inc. was a small American recording studio based in New York City at 152 West 58th Street. It was founded in the 1950s by Charles Leighton a virtuoso classical and jazz harmonica player who in the 1950s took on Jack Arnold as a partner who also was a pianist.
 Miracle-Ear Inc. is hearing aid company consisting of a network of franchised and corporately-owned retail outlets. The company is a subsidiary of Amplifon the worldwide distributor of hearing aids based in Italy. Miracle-Ear’s U.S. headquarters are located in Minneapolis Minnesota. As of 2014 it has more than 1200 locations in the United States and it is the best-known hearing aid brand in the U.S.
 The earliest Imperial Records was a short-lived United States based company of the 1900s (decade) producing single-sided lateral cut gramophone records. Issues included ragtime banjo music operatic solos and Hebrew songs. As the name implies they seem to have been destined at least in part for the British market. The back of the records carried a paper label printed with a copyright statement.
 Ratos AB (portmanteau for Ragnar and Torsten Söderberg) is a Swedish private equity company founded in 1933 and still controlled by the Söderberg family. Ratos is listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange.
 Melendez Films is a film animation studio. It was founded in 1969 as a London subsidiary of Bill Melendez Productions (best known for producing the Peanuts specials) by Steven C. Melendez (son of animator Bill Meléndez). The studio produced the ambitious animated feature film Dick Deadeye based on the operettas of Gilbert and Sullivan. In 1979 the company produced a two hour television special based on the C.S.
 Fantastic Holdings Limited (FHL) engages in the retail manufacture and import of household furniture in Australia. Fantastic Furniture is the third largest retailer by sales value and Australia's largest vertically integrated furniture group. Its products comprise sofas chairs dining products entertainment products bedroom products occasional products storage products home office furniture cushions mattresses pillows and lamps.
 Morpho S.A. is a French multinational company of Safran specialized in electronic security solutions. Formerly named Sagem Sécurité it became Morpho in May 2010.
 AVOS Systems Inc. is an Internet company founded by Chad Hurley Steve Chen and Vijay Karunamurthy. In April 2011 it was announced AVOS purchased Delicious with the transition occurring in June 2011.In May 2011 the social analytics company Tap 11 was purchased by the company.
 Allen & Gledhill LLP is a Singapore law firm with a regional network of associate firms in Malaysia Laos and Myanmar. It is one of the largest law firms in Singapore by headcount and is a market leader in many practices particularly Banking & Finance Capital Markets Corporate/M&A and other transactional and advisory matters. The firm provides legal services to local companies and MNCs financial institutions and individual clients.Allen & Gledhill is home to 2 Senior Counsel.
 The Etna Iron Works (sometimes rendered as Ætna Iron Works) was a 19th-century ironworks and manufacturing plant for marine steam engines located in New York City. The Etna Works was a failing small business when purchased by ironmolder John Roach and three partners in 1852.
 Capita Symonds was a large UK multidisciplinary consultancy operating in the building design civil engineering environment management and transport sectors part of the Capita Group. They had around 4500 staff in 50 offices across the UK and Ireland.Capita Architecture Capita Bobrowski Capita Lovejoy Capita Pearce Buckle MMB and Andrew Martin Associates were all Capita Symonds brands now all under just the Capita name.
 Eagle-Lion Films was a British film production company owned by J. Arthur Rank intended to release British productions in the United States.In 1947 it acquired Robert R. Young's PRC Pictures a small American production company to produce B Pictures to accompany the British releases.
 Danger Crue Records is a Japanese independent record label located in Tokyo Japan. It was founded in 1981.
 Victor Valley Transit Authority (VVTA) the second largest transit operator in San Bernardino County (with over 1020119 passengers a year) is a transit agency providing bus service in the Victor Valley California area.
 Scolani (pron.: [sko'lani] Russian: /сколáни/) - is a Russian manufacturer of eyewear and sunglasses of Russian design. Based Novosibirsk Russia Scolani was created in 2007 to develop an optical fashion industry in the country.
 Digital Fuel is a provider of IT Financial Management SaaS software for planning billing. The company's headquarters is in San Mateo California and its development labs are located in Jerusalem's Har Hotzvim technology park.
 Star Comics was an imprint of Marvel Comics that began in 1984 and continued to publish comic books until early 1988. Titles published by the imprint were aimed at child readers and were often adaptations of children's television series animated series or toys. Several of the original titles consciously emulated the house writing and visual style of then recently defunct Harvey Comics titles such as Richie Rich.
 Sparkpr is a public relations agency headquartered in San Francisco California with offices in New York City London Los Angeles and Cape Town. The firm focuses on the technology and consumer markets.
 Seclusiasis is a Philadelphia Pennsylvania-based record label run by Paul Geissinger and Gair Marking. The label is known for their street bass sound an amalgam of bass music styles with an emphasis on the use of vocal sampling.Seclusiasis started in 2001 under Gair Marking Philadelphia DJ Dev79 as a club promotion collective hosting events and parties around the Philadelphia region.
 Alstom is a large French multinational conglomerate which holds interests in the power generation and transport markets. According to the company website in the years 2012–2013 Alstom had annual sales of €20.3 billion and employed approximately 93000 people in around 100 countries. Alstom's headquarters are located in Levallois-Perret west of Paris.
 Olau Line was a shipping company that existed between the years 1956 and 1994. It operated a ferry service from the United Kingdom to the Netherlands from 1974 until 1994. Originally based in Denmark the company passed under ownership of the German TT-Line in 1980.
 Hightail - formerly YouSendIt - is a cloud service that lets users send receive digitally sign and synchronize files. YouSendIt.com and YouSendIt Inc. were founded in 2004; the company renamed itself Hightail in 2013.The company's early focus was on helping users send files that were too large for email; in 2007 it started adding features and plug-ins for businesses in 2007. The service grew quickly and the firm raised $49 million in funding between 2005 and 2010.
 The Butterfly LLC is an American aircraft manufacturer specializing in homebuilt gyroplanes. Complete gyroplane kits are offered for the homebuilt market as well as completed aircraft marketed for law enforcement surveillance. The is prefixed to the name of products.
 This article is about the American record label for the British independent label see Zoo Records.Zoo Entertainment was an American record label formed in 1990 by Lou Maglia. Zoo released three platinum Tool albums as well as gold records by Green Jellÿ and Matthew Sweet.
 SysMind LLC is a multinational information technology services company headquartered in Princeton Junction New Jersey. It is one of the fastest growing companies in North America. Its annual revenues for the fiscal year 2008 is expected to reach US$12 million.
 Aircell a division of Gogo Inflight Internet is a provider of in-flight broadband Internet service and other connectivity services for business aircraft. It is headquartered in Itasca Illinois. Aircell is the only company in the United States authorized by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to use frequencies in the 800 MHz band for inflight communications.
 High Fidelity is a privately held company headquartered in San Francisco founded in April 2013 by Second Life founder and former CEO Philip Rosedale. The company was formed to create a next-generation virtual world. High Fidelity Inc. raised 2.4 million dollars in early 2013 led by True Ventures and Google Ventures.
 Plexus Corp is an Electronics Manufacturing Services provider to the networking/communications healthcare/life sciences industrial/commercial and defense/security/aerospace industries. With headquarters in Neenah Wisconsin Plexus has engineering and manufacturing facilities in China Germany Malaysia Mexico Scotland Romania and the United States. Founded in 1979 Plexus provides product design test manufacturing fulfillment and aftermarket services to its customers.
 CrucialTec is the world's largest manufacturer of Optical Track Pad (OTP) mobile input devices. Headquartered in Suwon South Korea the company manufactures and supplies OTP devices to handset manufacturers such as Research In Motion Samsung LG HTC Sony Ericsson Motorola and Pantech. CrucialTec is also a supplier of devices for smart TVs and digital cameras to companies like HP Sharp Kyocera and Acer.
 Seventh Dagger Records is a straight edge independent record label releasing largely but not solely hardcore and metalcore albums. It was founded in 2001 and based in Creedmoor North Carolina.Originally formed as a clothing company Seventh Dagger became well known for their straight edge apparel and Kill Your Local Drug Dealer shirts. Rhinoceros discusses these shirts in their April 2008 interview with Revolver Magazine.
 Inventec Corporation (Chinese: 英業達公司; pinyin: Yīngyèdá Gōngsī; TWSE: 2356) is a Taiwan-based Original Design Manufacturer (ODM) making notebook computers servers and mobile devices. Originally established in 1975 to develop and manufacture electronic calculators the company has since grown significantly to become one of the world's top computer manufacturers.
 Panton Records or PANTON was a Czechoslovakian and later Czech record label and music publishing house of the Czech Music Fund founded in 1968.In Czechoslovakia it was one of the three major state-owned labels the other two being Supraphon and Opus.It was active until mid-1990s. Now its musical catalogue belongs to Supraphon.
 Lithuanian National Radio and Television (Lithuanian: About this sound Lietuvos nacionalinis radijas ir televizija; LRT ) is the national public broadcasting company of Lithuania based in Vilnius the capital of Lithuania. The company broadcasts two national public television channels LRT televizija and LRT Kultūra a satellite TV channel LRT Lituanica (broadcast from the Sirius 4 satellite) and a high-definition TV channel LRT HD. LRT also broadcasts three national radio programs.
 Whistler Group is an electronics company based in Bentonville Arkansas and is best known for its radar detectors. The company also manufactures power inverters and GPS navigation devices.
 Fluid Motorsport Development constructs the Sinter Formula Ford car. The company also fielded a racing team in British Formula Ford between 2002 and 2012. Fluid Motorsport was also active in British Formula Three as a team between 2005 and 2008.
 The German machine construction company ARBURG GmbH + Co. KG makes injection moulding machines of small and medium clamping forces. The machine range with clamping forces of between 125 and 5000 kN and the corresponding peripherals are used in the production of plastic parts for the automotive sector for communication and entertainment electronics for medical technology domestic appliances and in the packaging industry for example.
 Butterfly Recordings is the name used by two record labels formed by the artist and electronic dance music producer Martin Glover (commonly known as Youth).
 Bergen Sporvei AS was a municipal owned public transport company that operated in Bergen Norway from 1898 to 1998. The company operated both the Bergen Tramway Bergen trolleybus and the yellow buses in Bergen.
 Rogers & Cowan is a global marketing and public relations agency. A division of the Interpublic Group of Companies (NYSE: IPG) the company is based in Los Angeles with offices in New York Nashville and London.
 Sabah Electricity Sdn. Bhd. (SESB) is an electrical company that generates transmits and distributes electricity mainly in Sabah and Federal Territory of Labuan. It supplies electrical power to 413983 customers distributed over a wide area of 74000 km2. 82.8% of the customers are domestic customers consuming only 28.8% of the power generated.
 Beggars Group is a British record company that owns or distributes several other labels including 4AD Rough Trade Records Matador Records and XL Recordings. The companies’ roots stem from the Beggars Banquet record shops which first opened in 1973 with a shop in Earls Court London.
 Trente Oiseaux is a record label founded by experimental musician Bernhard Günter in 1995. Early releases featured musicians such as Francisco López Roel Meelkop John Duncan Jim O'Rourke Daniel Menche and Günter himself. A bout of ill health forced Günter to slow down operations in the late 1990s however the label made a comeback in 1999 and has continued to be a prolific label in the field of minimalist music.
 Tecmo Koei Holdings Co. Ltd. (コーエーテクモホールディングス株式会社 Kōē Tekumo Hōrudingusu Kabushiki-gaisha) is a holding company created in 2009 by the merger of Japanese video game developers and publishers Koei and Tecmo.Koei Europe changed its name to Tecmo Koei Europe Ltd and now releases video games under the new moniker. In January 2010 Tecmo Inc. and Koei Corporation merged into Tecmo Koei America Corporation. Tecmo has been declared disbanded in Japan effective as of April 1 2010.
 Trailer Bridge Inc. is a freight service company headquartered in Jacksonville Florida that was the first company to provide what its website describes as a unique combination of over-the road and over-the-water transportation.This relates to moving freight in 53' containers between the mainland U.S. and Puerto Rico in an integrated truck/lower cost tug/barge system.
 THF Realty is a national investor developer manager and owner of commercial real estate including shopping centers and office buildings. THF stands for To Have Fun. The company owns properties in almost half of the U.S. states. THF has a continuing relationship with the Wal-Mart Stores Inc..
 Martyrs Bus Service is a bus and coach operator in Melbourne Australia. As a Melbourne bus company it operates one bus route under contract to the Government of Victoria.
 VIA Motors is an American electric vehicle development and manufacturing company. VIA Motors produces extended-range electric vehicles (EREVs) by modifying trucks vans and SUVs. VIA Motors purchases basic vehicles from GM and replaces the gas powertrain with an electric-drive powertrain. VIA then sells directly to fleets under the VTRUX™ brand name. VIA is beta testing its vehicles with fleet customers and is taking orders from the public for trucks to be delivered in 2014.
 The Sage Group plc commonly known as Sage is a multinational enterprise software company headquartered in Newcastle upon Tyne United Kingdom. It is the world's third-largest supplier of enterprise resource planning software (behind Oracle and SAP) the largest supplier to small businesses and has 6.1 million customers worldwide. It has offices in 24 countries.
 Adams Express Company is a publicly traded diversified equity fund. It was founded in 1854 and traces its roots to 19th-century freight and cargo transport business. The Adams Express Building was constructed in 1911 and Adams Express is one of the oldest companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: ADX). It is one of only five companies that continues to operate as a closed-end fund since 1929.
 TN Mobile first introduced as Cell One and then Leo is a mobile telecommunications company in Namibia providing cellular coverage. It is the second largest mobile operator in Namibia with currently around 300.000 active subscribers. The company is 100% owned by Telecom Namibia which is in turn wholly owned by the Namibian Government. In 2012 state-owned Telecom Namibia took full control of Leo when the Communications Regulatory Authority of Namibia (CRAN) approved the takeover.
 Midstate Airlines (a.k.a. Mid-State Airlines a.k.a. Midstate Air Commuter (MAC)) was an airline with its headquarters in Stevens Point Wisconsin.It was founded by Roy P. Shwery in 1964 and provided air service out of Marshfield Wisconsin (home to Marshfield Clinic) and Central Wisconsin Airport (CWA). The airline originally operated a fleet of Beechcraft Model 18 aircraft and later four Beech 99's.
 Freenet AG (formerly freenet.de AG) is a German telecommunications and web content provider. The company was formerly a subsidiary of Mobilcom. In 2004 its EBITDA was 471.5 million euro. In 2007 Freenet.de merged with Mobilcom a deal which took around two years to complete and the resulting company changed its name to Freenet AG.
 The Baudelaire Label is an independent record label based in Toronto Ontario Canada. Artists currently signed to Baudelaire include Jon-Rae and the River Jill Barber Andrew Rodriguez Matthew Barber The Diableros and Jewish Legend.Founded in 2004 by Evan Newman who had left his post as Head of A&R/Media Relations at V2 Records Canada The Baudelaire Label was named Best Toronto Record Label in Now Magazine in 2006.
 Teichert a private company is an infrastructure and site development contractor and a construction materials producer. The company's construction services include mass grading asphalt paving concrete curbs and sidewalks underground pipelines and joint utility installations. The construction materials businesses produce crushed stone sand gravel asphalt concrete ready-mix concrete and precast concrete products.
 Strawberry was a bus operator founded in 2009 and was initially based in St Helens Merseyside.
 Ticketek is an Australian event ticketing company. Formed in 1979 the company is owned by Nine Entertainment Co. and operates ticketing operations for entertainment and sporting events in Australia and New Zealand.
 Officine Ferroviarie Meridionali or OFM was an Italian railway and rolling stock manufacturing company based at Naples.
 Last Gasp is a book and underground comix publisher and distributor with its headquarters in San Francisco. Notable artists published by Last Gasp include Tim Biskup Robert Crumb Richard Corben Ron English Camille Rose Garcia Justin Green Bill Griffith Spain Rodriguez Mark Ryden Dori Seda Larry Welz Robert Williams and S.
 The Dutch East India Company (Dutch: Vereenigde Oostindische Compagnie VOC United East India Company) was a chartered company established in 1602 when the States General of the Netherlands granted it a 21-year monopoly to carry out colonial activities in Asia. It is often considered to have been the first multinational corporation in the world and it was the first company to issue stock.
 African Express Airways is the second fully Kenyan designated airline based at Jomo Kenyatta International Airport in Nairobi. African Express Airways is a short-haul airline; which targets business and leisure travellers and operates daily departures from Nairobi.
 Samsung Techwin (Korean: 삼성테크윈) is a surveillance aeronautics optoelectronics automations and weapons technology company. It is a subsidiary of Samsung Group. The company employs 4923 employees and is headquartered in South Korea. Its totals sales in 2011 was 2947 billion South Korean won.
 Dr. Strange Records is a record label and record store located in Alta Loma California.
 Vontobel is a globally-oriented Swiss private bank that is headquartered in Zurich. It was established in 1936 and has around 1400 employees worldwide. Vontobel specializes in wealth and asset management for private clients and institutional investors as well as investment banking. As of end-2013 Vontobel held around CHF 163 billion of client assets. The registered shares of Vontobel Holding AG are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange.
 Toyota Motor Manufacturing France S.A.S. or better known under its acronym TMMF is the French automobile manufacturing division of Japanese automaker Toyota located in Onnaing near the city of Valenciennes. The company was founded in 1998 as a subsidiary of Toyota Motor Europe N/V S/A. The construction of the new plant began in 1999 and was completed one year later. The production started on 31 January 2001 with the small car Toyota Yaris and its mini MPV later called the Toyota Yaris Verso.
 Ritual Entertainment was a video game developer established in 1996 by Robert Atkins Mark Dochtermann Jim Dosé Richard 'Levelord' Gray Michael Hadwin Harry Miller and Tom Mustaine.
 DW Sports Fitness is a British retailing and fitness business. Founded in March 2009 when Dave Whelan purchased the 50 JJB Sports Fitness Clubs and the attached retail stores for £83.4 million. At the time all the sites were shared between a fitness club and retail store with most cases seeing the fitness club downstairs and the retail store upstairs. Since that time the group has grown to encompass more than 60 sites including stand-alone retail stores and stand-alone fitness clubs.
 Vi-Spring is a bed company founded in 1901 in Plymouth in the South West of England marketing beds made of natural materials. Part of Vi-Spring's notability comes from being the first bed makers to use the Marshall pocketed spring coil.
 Air Orient was an airline based in France. Created in 1929 from the merger of Air Asie(c. 1928) and Air Union Lignes d’Orient (c. 1927 - renamed from Messageries Transaeriennes 1923) the short lived airline was merged with Air France October 7 1933.
 Vivox Inc. specifically provides managed communication services in the form of integrated voice chat Instant Messaging (IM) and presence to online games virtual worlds and other online communities. Headquartered in Natick Massachusetts United States its most publicized customers include Second Life made by Linden Lab EVE Online made by CCP Games and Combat Arms made by Nexon Corporation. All three have integrated voice into their products.
 Wickes Furniture was a privately held chain of furniture stores based in Wheeling Illinois. The company was founded in 1971 with a showroom in Fridley Minnesota and at its peak operated 43 stores in California Illinois Indiana Nevada and Oregon.The company despite its expansion into other markets declared bankruptcy in 2008 and eventually went into liquidation for failure to find a buyer or an investor. At the time of its closing it was owned by Sun Capital Partners.
 Five & Two Pictures is an independent Christian film production company founded in 2002 by Dave Christiano and Rich Christiano. They have produced several major Christian films; Time Changer Unidentified Me & You Us Forever and The Secrets of Jonathan Sperry.
 The Rustar dhow located in Dubai United Arab Emirates is a royal boat that can accommodate 400 passengers. At 51 metres (167 ft) it has set the world record for the largest floating restaurant.The Rustar Dhow has three levels a lower level which is used as a bar or dance floor (upon request) the middle level which is a dinner hall and the upper deck which is an open air dinner deck.Both middle and lower decks are air conditioned.
 Murphy Warehouse Company is a family-owned full-service supply chain logistics company based in Minneapolis Minnesota. Founded in 1915 Murphy is one of the Upper Midwest's largest asset-based logistics companies and serves more than 250 companies ranging from Fortune 500 to startup companies.
 Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht (V&R) is a scholarly publishing house based in Göttingen Germany. It was founded in 1735 by Abraham Vandenhoeck (de) (1700-1750) in connection with the establishment of the Georg-August-Universität in the same city.After Abraham Vandenhoeck's death in 1750 his English-born widow Anna Vandenhoeck née Parry (d.
 Air Turks & Caicos (formerly known as Interisland Airways) is a passenger airline based on the Turks and Caicos Islands. The airline offers scheduled domestic and short-haul international services as well as charter flights. In 2008 Air Turks and Caicos bought its direct competitor SkyKing. The SkyKing crew was hired by Air Turks and Caicos on 22 October 2008.On November 2013 the Company announces a new brand name followed by a new expansion plan.
 Willi Schaefer is a German wine grower and producer based in Graach in the wine-growing region of Mosel Germany.
 Vertical de Aviación is a charter airline based at El Dorado International Airport in Bogotá Colombia. As the name implies it flies Helicopters.
 Technologic systems is an American company producing single board computers for embedded systems. They come with either x86 or ARM9 processors. The company states that the major advantage of its boards is very short boot time (less than one second). Some boards also have sleeping modes with very low power consumption (200 μA). These embedded computers run the Linux 2.6 kernel with a full Debian Linux distribution.
 Colex Enterprises was a joint venture company between Columbia Pictures Television and LBS Communications Inc. active from January 30 1984 to January 1 1988.
 MOTORAV Industria is a Brazilian aircraft engine manufacturer.
 Efecte is a Finnish software company founded in 1998. Efecte developed software for managing IT operations. In the Nordic countries the company is specialized in self-service and service management.
 Cunliffe-Owen Aircraft was a British aircraft manufacturer of the World War II era. They were primarily a repair and overhaul shop but also a construction shop for other companies' designs notably the Supermarine Seafire. The company also undertook contract work for the Air Ministry Lord Rootes Shorts and Armstrong Siddeley worth £1.5 million.
 Western Airlines (IATA: WA ICAO: WAL Call sign: Western) was a large airline based in California with operations throughout the western United States and western Canada as well as into Mexico. The airline also served such international destinations as London England and Nassau Bahamas during its existence. Western had hubs at Los Angeles International Airport Salt Lake City International Airport and the former Stapleton International Airport in Denver.
 The Center for Stem Cell and Regenerative Medicine (CSCRM) is a medical research institution specializing in stem cell and other cell therapy research and treatments located in Cleveland Ohio. They specialize in basic and clinical research programs biomedical and tissue engineering programs and the development and administration of new therapies to patients.
 Rekids is a UK-based independent record label conceived in 2006 by James Masters and Matt Edwards (aka Radio Slave). The label releases mainly electronic dance music incorporating elements of techno house and disco. The label has a number of core artists including Radio Slave Nina Kraviz Toby Tobias Mr. G Luke Solomon James Teej and Spencer Parker.
 The Finance Wales Group is one of the UK’s largest regional SME investment companies and provides growth capital for small and medium-sized businesses in the UK. The Group has funds of £335 million under management and comprises the fund managers Finance Wales and FW Capital which invest in SMEs as well as xénos a business angel network.
 Atomic Sock Monkey Press (ASMP) is a small press game company that publishes “beer and pretzels” role-playing games and board games. The company is run by Chad Underkoffler also known for his game columns on RPG.net and Pyramid magazine as well as writing contributions to Atlas Games' Unknown Armies line.
 Invite Media is a display advertising and exchange bidding company that was acquired by DoubleClick a subsidiary of Google Inc. on June 3 2010 for $81 million. Prior to Google's acquisition Invite Media partnered up with AlmondNet a data aggregator and intellectual property licensor.Invite Media was purchased shortly after Google completed their acquisition of AdMob on May 2 2010. Google's purchase of Invite Media has caused controversy among consumer advocacy groups as John M.
 INTO University Partnerships is a British limited company that specialises in setting up joint ventures with universities. It focuses on the provision of foundation courses for international students including English language especially English for Academic Purposes. So far INTO has launched 12 international study centres with 18 leading university partners in the United Kingdom North America and China.
 EdgeWave is a computer security company based out of San Diego California. It specializes in email and web security. Originally founded as St. Bernard Software since 2011 the company has operated as EdgeWave.
 Rexair LLC is an American manufacturer of home cleaning systems based in Troy Michigan. Rexair is predominately known for its production and marketing of vacuum cleaners.Along with its corporate headquarters in Troy Rexair also has manufacturing facilities in Cadillac Michigan and Toledo Ohio.
 Kilimanjaro Live is a live event promotions company specialising in music concerts based in the United Kingdom. They are one of the largest event promoters in the UK. They own or operate Sonisphere Festival Wakestock Festival and Warped Tour (Europe only). The company was founded by music promoter Stuart Galbraith in 2008 as a joint venture with AEG Live. In 2012 the organisation was restructured leaving Galbraith as sole owner of Kilimanjaro Live.
 Plantify.co.uk is an online plant shop based in Windsor Berkshire (UK) that sells a wide variety of herbaceous and perennial plants. The plant shop supplies over 3150 plants sourced from small British growers and hosts a Plant Finder encyclopedia and free garden design tool.
 For the Spanish jet trainer named 'Saeta' see: Hispano HA-200SAETA (Sociedad Anónima Ecuatoriana de Transportes Aéreos) was a privately held airline of Ecuador which began operations in the 1960s and during its heyday in the 1990s flew to numerous destinations in North and South America from its base in Guayaquil. The collapse of Ecuador's economy in the late 1990s forced this airline to cease operations in February 2000.
 Ordnance Factory Tiruchirappalli (OFT) also called Ordnance Factory Trichy is a defence company based in Tiruchirappalli Tamil Nadu. It is one of the 41 Indian Ordnance Factories functioning under the Ordnance Factories Board of the Ministry of Defence Government of India.
 National Bulk Handling Corporation is India's leading integrated commodity and collateral management company based in Mumbai. NBHC is a venture of the Financial Technologies Group. Only Indian Warehousing and Commodity Management solution entity with a ISO 22000:2005 certification. It handles more than 2.7 million tonne of agricultural commodities –– mainly rice wheat mustard and maize –– at around 3000-odd centres located in 19 states.
 Sylvin Farms Winery is a winery in the Germania section of Galloway Township (mailing address is Egg Harbor City) in Atlantic County New Jersey. The vineyard was first planted in 1977 and opened to the public in 1985. Sylvin Farms has 11 acres of grapes under cultivation and produces 1000 cases of wine per year. The winery’s name is an amalgamation of Sylvia and sylvan reflecting the owner's wife's name and the surrounding Pine Barrens respectively.
 The Massachusetts Arms Company of Chicopee Falls Massachusetts was a manufacturer of firearms and firearm-related products from about 1849 into the early 20th century.The Massachusetts Arms Company was incorporated March 5 1850 and was founded by Arthur Savage along with Horace Smith and Daniel Wesson who later founded Smith and Wesson.
 It's A Wonderful World Music Group (IWWMG) is an independent record label founded by hip hop producer Patrick Douthit (9th Wonder) in 2009.
 Bangabandhu Aeronautical Centre (BAC) located in Kurmitola Dhaka is the center for maintenance of the aircraft of Bangladesh Air Force. It was inaugurated in 4 December 2011.
 Advanced Systems Concepts Inc. (ASCI) provides job scheduling scripting and command language and data replication and recovery software. Founded in 1981 in Hoboken the company is now based in Morristown New Jersey. Initially the company was focused on the development of products for former Digital Equipment Corporation’s (DEC) OpenVMS operating system (OS) product; now they can be used across different platforms and technologies including Microsoft Windows Linux UNIX and OpenVMS.
 Nanoradio was a company based in Kista Stockholm Sweden. Nanoradio is a fabless semiconductor manufacturer with a main product line focus of connectivity products. The company is specializing in producing the smallest Wi-Fi chipsets by solution size on the market with extremely low power consumption. The company slogan is Always On Wi-Fi. Was bought by Samsung in 2012.
 The California Sustainability Alliance is an organization funded by the California IOUs to bring together key stakeholders needed to overcome the obstacles of sustainability. The Alliance was designed in 2008 to help meet the State’s aggressive climate energy and other resource and environmental goals by increasing and accelerating sustainable measures and strategies.
 Samair was an charter airline based in Bratislava Slovakia operated charter flights out of M. R. Štefánik Airport. It was founded in 2010 inheritor of Central Charter Airlines Slovakia.
 Cobra Rock Boot Company (CRBC) is a leather lace-up boot making business in Marfa Texas. The business is has been owned and operated by Logan Caldbeck and Colt Miller since 2011. They earned a runner-up finish in Garden & Gun magazine's Best of the South 2012 awards. The business was featured on episode 2 of the Basin PBS show Western Perspective.The handmade lace-up boots are constructed at a rate of about one pair a week with materials sourced in the U.S.
 KCPS Clarity is a global investment firm based in Tel Aviv and New York.Clients are typically wealthy families and institutions including arts and education endowments and philanthropic foundations.The company claims a global client base and is cited as the first significant exporter of financial services from Israel.
 Reims Aviation Industries is a French aircraft manufacturer located in the city of Reims currently producing the F406 Caravan II. Reims Aviation is a wholly owned subsidiary of GECI Aviation.
 Aurecon is an engineering management design planning project management consulting company based in Australia and South Africa.
 Glu Mobile Inc. (also known as Glu Games) is a publisher of mobile games for smartphone and tablet devices. Founded in San Francisco in 2001 as Sorrent Glu has since taken up office in more than 4 countries. Glu offers products to multiple platforms including iOS Android Amazon Windows Phone and Google Chrome.
 Firebox Records is a Finnish record label based in Seinäjoki Southern Ostrobothnia. The label is well known in the underground heavy metal scene. They specialize in doom metal.[1]Firedoom Music is a subsidiary label of Firebox Records specializing in more extreme doom metal and other obscure genres. [2]
 Etheric Networks is an Internet Service Provider based in Redwood City California serving the San Francisco Bay Area. It specializes in high-speed Internet access using wireless technologies. Fixed wireless towers using ISM and U-NII band transmissions connect end users to its fiber optic backbone.
 Aerion Corporation is an American aerospace firm founded by Robert Bass and based in Reno Nevada. Aerion continues research the group began more than 20 years ago with the current focus on the design of a practical and efficient supersonic business jet employing patented natural laminar flow (NLF) technology as well as application of this technology for subsonic and transonic aircraft through a wholly owned consultancy business named Aerion Technologies Corporation.
 A2A S.p.A. is an Italian utility company born out of the merger of two independent Italian companies AEM of Milan and ASM Brescia at the end of 2007. It is the first Italian operator in the private urban waste sector to work 24 hours for an energy production of 1.5 TWh. It is the third largest company in Italy in the production and distribution of electricity. The A2A Group is listed on the Borsa Italiana and is a member of the FTSE MIB index.
 The Compagnie des Transports Strasbourgeois (CTS English: Strasbourg Transport Company) is the company responsible for the comprehensive public transport network of the Urban Community of Strasbourg (CUS) the urban community of the French city of Strasbourg.The CTS currently operates all six lines of the Tramway de Strasbourg and the bus network with the eight associated Park and Ride facilities on behalf of the Urban Community of Strasbourg.
 BMF also known as BMF Records Ireland was founded and started by ex-Westlife star Brian McFadden. He is currently signed under the label along with Island Records/Universal in Australia and Asia.
 SunExpress Germany is the German subsidiary of SunExpress Turkish Airlines and the Lufthansa Group (50%) based at Frankfurt Airport in Frankfurt Germany.
 Union Oil Company of California dba Unocal /ˈjuːnɵkæl/ is a defunct company that was a major petroleum explorer and marketer in the late 19th century through the 20th century and into the early 21st century. It was headquartered in El Segundo California United States.Unocal was involved in domestic and global energy projects.
 Welocalize is a multinational company based in Frederick Maryland USA that provides language localization services. It has over 600 employees worldwide and 12 offices in the US UK Germany Ireland Japan and China.
 Faith Comes By Hearing is an international audio Bible recording company. It is run by a not-for-profit organization and has audio Bibles available in over 750 languages. The organization has a four star Charity Navigator Rating. The Chairman of the Board for the organization is Murray J. Crawford and its president is founder Gerald (Jerry) Jackson.
 Sheffield Tunes is a German record label and a sublabel of Kontor Records formed in 2000 by H.P. Baxxter Rick J. Jordan and Jens Thele. The first album released by Sheffield Tunes was Sheffield and the first single was I'm Your Pusher by Scooter. Sheffield Tunes also owns the Sheffield Jumpers.
 Salonit Anhovo is a cement factory in the small village of Anhovo Slovenia about 20 kilometres north of Nova Gorica. Salonit Anhovo is the biggest producer of cement in Slovenia. Cementarna Trbovlje is second with a capacity of 550000 tons.
 The Pacific Horizon Investment Trust (LSE: PHI) is a publicly traded investment trust listed on the London Stock Exchange. The Trust invests in the markets of the Asia Pacific region (excluding Japan) and of the Indian Sub-continent. The Trust is managed by Baillie Gifford & Co the Edinburgh based investment management partnership.
 Zerodha is an Indian financial services company (member of NSE BSE MCX MCX-SX) that offers retail and institutional broking and distribution and currencies and commodities trading. Founded in 2010 the company is headquartered in Bangalore and has presence in nine Indian cities. It is also an official member of NSE's consultative committee for growing business.
 Norsk Forurensningskontroll AS (Norwegian Pollution Control) or NFK or was a specialized Norwegian aviation company and aircraft operator with a fleet of four de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter aircraft. The company was founded in 1983 and initially intended to operate the aircraft to apply dispersants on oil spills at sea as a part of the national oil spill defense system.
 Liberty Shoes Limited (LSL) is an Indian shoe company based in Karnal Haryana.Established in 1954 today the company through its six manufacturing units collectively produces 50000 pairs of footwear a day sold through 6000 multi-brand outlets and 350 exclusive showrooms and has a presence in 25 countries with 50 showrooms outside India. Adesh Gupta became the CEO of LSL in 16 July 2001
 Bellwether Pictures is an American film production studio based in Los Angeles United States. The company was founded by screenwriter film director and producer Joss Whedon and his wife Kai Cole as co-founder / producer. Their purpose is to bring micro-budget films directly to an audience bypassing the classic studio structure.In 2012 Bellwether released Much Ado About Nothing for which Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions handled US theatrical distribution.
 Permak Group Turkish group companies founded by Selim Uyar 1981 originally as a machinery company. Today active in machinery technology construction retail and energy
 MTM Records was an American independent record label specializing in country music. It was founded in 1984 as a subsidiary of the production company of the same name a company owned by actress Mary Tyler Moore. After MTM Enterprises was sold in late 1988 the label was absorbed into Capitol Records. Staff songwriters included Radney Foster and Bill Lloyd of Foster & Lloyd as well as Larry Boone and Hugh Prestwood.
 Jacobsen Manufacturing produced lawn mowers and light-duty tractors in the United States from the early 1920s until around 1959.
 BGC Partners is an American global financial services company based in New York City. Originally formed as part of the larger Cantor Fitzgerald organization BGC Partners became its own entity in 2004.
 Airgas Inc. headquartered in Radnor Township Pennsylvania through its subsidiaries is the largest U.S. distributor of industrial medical and specialty gases (delivered in packaged or cylinder form) and hardgoods (welding safety and related products).
 Palace Software was a British video game publisher and developer during the 1980s based in London England. It was notable for the Barbarian and Cauldron series of games for 8-bit home computer platforms in particular the ZX Spectrum Amstrad CPC and Commodore 64.
 Copel - Companhia Paranaense de Energia the largest company of the State of Paraná was founded on October 26 1954 with ownership control held by the State of Paraná. The Company went public in April 1994 BM&F Bovespa and in 1997 it was the first company of the Brazilian electricity sector to be listed at the New York Stock Exchange.
 The Yale Club of New York City commonly called the Yale Club is a private club in Midtown Manhattan New York City New York United States. Its membership is restricted almost entirely to alumni and faculty of Yale University. With a clubhouse comprising 22 stories and a worldwide membership of over 11000 it is the largest private clubhouse in the world. As a Platinum Club of America it is considered in the elite 1% of all private clubs in the world.
 The Mustang Ranch originally known as the Mustang Bridge Ranch is a brothel in Storey County Nevada about 15 miles (24 km) east of Reno. It is currently located at 1011 Wild Horse Canyon Dr Sparks NV 89434.Under owner Joe Conforte it became Nevada's first licensed brothel in 1971 eventually leading to the legalization of brothel prostitution in 10 of 17 counties in the state.
 The Wawanesa Mutual Insurance Co. is a Canadian insurance firm. Currently the company's executive offices are located in Winnipeg Manitoba with several branch and service offices located throughout Canada.
 Marina Rinaldi is a ready-to-wear plus-size women's clothing brand of the Italian Max Mara Fashion Group one of the best known of the company’s 35 different labels. It has more than 300 stores worldwide including ones located in the high fashion shopping districts of several major cities: Wilshire Boulevard in Beverly Hills Madison Avenue in New York Old Bond Street in London and Corso Vittorio Emanuele in Milan.[citation needed]
 Gale is a British-based loudspeaker studio monitor speaker stands and speaker wire manufacturer with international distribution. It started producing loudspeakers in 1972. Gale loudspeakers have won several hi-fi awards.
 Weinbrenner Shoe Company is a manufacturer of safety military work and uniform footwear. It was established in 1892 and the headquarters are located in Merrill Wisconsin.This manufacturer is better known for the Thorogood brand of work boots.
 Thunderstone is a US-based software company specializing in enterprise search. The company has its headquarters in Cleveland. Thunderstone began operations in 1981 and was one of the early pioneers in the enterprise search appliance market.
 Alasin Media Oy is a Finnish media industry company founded in the year 2004 that produces communication to different media and translation services. Alasin Media operates and is headquartered in Tampere Finland. Mikko-Heikki Heinonen acts as CEO Ville-Veikko Heinonen as chairman.To the single Finnish consumer works by Alasin Media can be seen e.g. in Nokian Tyres promotional material. The company is also active on the internet as the producer of the websites V2.fi and Keskiarvo.net.
 Hitachi Construction Machinery Co. Ltd. (日立建機株式会社) is a construction equipment manufacturer in Japan and a Hitachi Group company. It is listed on the Nikkei 225.
 Cardal Publishing was a British magazine and comic publisher active during the Golden Age of comics based in Manchester England.The company's publications included erotic fiction and Western novellas as well as comics.According to comic historian and critic Steve Holland cash flow problems caused by obscenity fines forced the firm out of business before the end of the 1940s.
 Frontiers Records is an Italian record label predominantly producing classic rock. It was founded in 1996 by Serafino Perugino and is based in Naples Italy.
 Isetann Department Store Inc. is one of the retail operators in Metro Manila the Philippines. It was incorporated in 1980 by Chinese-Filipino entrepreneurs Jorge Go and John Gobenghuy to operate Isetann commercial shopping centers such as the lease of commercial spaces within the compound of their malls and department stores. Isetann has about 2000 employees. It has four branches.
 Alice James Books is an American non-profit poetry press located in Farmington Maine and affiliated with the University of Maine at Farmington.
 Szczecin Shipyard or New Szczecin Shipyard (Polish: Stocznia Szczecińska Nowa) was a shipyard in the city of Szczecin Poland. Formerly known as Stocznia Szczecińska Porta Holding S.A. (until 2002) or Stocznia im. Adolfa Warskiego. The shipyard specialized in the construction of container ships chemicals transport ships multi-purpose ships and Con-Ro ships. It employed about 4400 people and the executive director was Andrzej Markowski.
 Byphasse is a cosmetic and hygiene company. Its head office is located in Barcelona (Spain). Its products are distributed in more than 50 countries worldwide.
 Production Baobab (株式会社ぷろだくしょんバオバブ Kabushiki-gaisha Purodakushon Baobabu) is a voice actor talent management firm in Shinjuku Tokyo Japan.
 Eastar Jet (ESR) (Hangul: 이스타 항공; RR: Iseuta Hanggong) is a low-cost airline with its headquarters in Banghwa-dong Gangseo-gu Seoul South Korea. On January 7 2009 Eastar Jet made its maiden flight from Gimpo International Airport to Jeju International Airport. Now the airline operates a scheduled passenger network to 14 destinations in eight countries. Its main base is Gimpo International Airport with a hub at Jeju International Airport.
 Film Victoria is a statutory authority of the State Government of Victoria Australia that provides strategic leadership and assistance for film television and digital media production in the Australian state of Victoria. The authority invests in projects and people and promotes Victoria as a world-class production destination nationally and internationally.
 Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited is a public limited company promoted by the Department of Higher and Technical Education Government of Maharashtra India.
 Nihon Bussan Co. Ltd. (日本物産株式会社 Nihon Bussan Kabushikigaisha) is a Japanese video game manufacturer commonly known as Nichibutsu (ニチブツ). The company uses an owl sign for the company's official logo. The company has its headquarters in Kita-ku Osaka.Established in 1970 the company started making video games in 1978. In the middle of 1980s the company began to make strip mahjong games. The 1988 game Tatakae! Big Fighter ended up being their last arcade game other than mahjong titles.
 The First Baptist Church of Manila also known as FBCM or FirstBap is a church established by the pioneering of the United States missionaries in the early 1900s. The church had at first U.S. missionaries for its pastor but consequently with the independence of the Philippines on July 4 1946 the church had its first Filipino pastor the late Pastor Antonio Ormeo. FBCM's current Senior Pastor who took Pastor Ormeo's place is Pastor Ebenezer T. Nacita.
 Fred. Olsen Express is an inter island ferry service based in the Canary Islands Spain. The company operates a fleet of six modern fast ferries including the world's first trimaran fast ferry the Benchijigua Express which entered service in 2005. Fred Olsen Express operates five routes throughout the Canaries. The company is owned by the Olsen family controlled Bonheur and Ganger Rolf that among other things also owns the shipping companies Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines and First Olsen Tankers.
 S2S Pte. Ltd. is a Japanese record label founded by Ken Suzuki.
 CenturyTel of the Gem State Inc. is a telephone operating company providing local telephone services in Idaho and northern Nevada owned by CenturyLink. The company was established in 1901 as the Gem State Utilities Corporation.
 Invest KOREA the national investment promotion agency of South Korea and a member of the World Association of Investment Promotion Agencies (WAIPA) was established within the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency or KOTRA with the purpose of supporting the establishment of foreign business into Korea.
 Aegean Airlines SA (Greek: Αεροπορία Αιγαίου Α.Ε. pronounced [aeropoˈria eˈʝeu]; LSE: 0OHY) is the largest Greek airline by total number of passengers carried by number of destinations served and by fleet size. A Star Alliance member since June 2010 it operates scheduled and charter services from Athens and Thessaloniki to other major Greek destinations as well as to a number of European destinations.
 Williams Fresh Cafe is an upper-class fast food restaurant chain in Ontario Canada. There are currently 37 locations all of which are within Ontario. The chain was founded as Williams Coffee Pub in Stratford Ontario in 1993 by Bill Giannakopoulos and George Giannakopoulos.
 The Croatian Forestry Society (Croatian: Hrvatsko šumarsko društvo) has its origins in the Croatian-Slavonian Agricultural Society founded at the initiative of foresters in Zagreb in 1841. The Society's forestry section was created on the December 26 1846 in Prečec near Zagreb; this marks the beginning of the Croatian Forestry Society.
 Medindia was launched in 1999 and was among the first few health websites from India. It was founded by Chennai-based urologist. In 2001 it was programmed also to be made available on Wireless Application Protocol and could be accessed on mobile phones. The website along with a community social networking platform caters to the online health information needs of both the medical professionals and consumers.
 iZettle is a mobile payments company based in Stockholm Sweden and markets a single application and service called iZettle. Jacob de Geer and Magnus Nilsson founded the company in April 2010 and launched its first app and service in 2011.The iZettle app and card readers allow individuals and small businesses in Sweden Finland Denmark Norway United Kingdom Germany Spain Mexico and Brazil to accept card payments on their iOS or Android smartphone or tablet.
 responDesign Inc is software development company that focused on Games That Are Good For You. Originally founded in 2003 by Ted Spooner Phineas Barnes and Daryn Chapman in Portland Oregon around Phineas's idea to create a virtual personal trainer for video game consoles. The result was Yourself!Fitness a game/program that guided users through a series of workouts to better their health.
 Hellenic Duty Free Shops SA founded in 1979 is a company in the travel retail industry providing travellers passing through Greece’s exit points with the opportunity to make taxed and duty-free purchases from brand name products. The company holds the exclusive right to the retail sale of duty-free goods in Greece.It has a network in Greece composed of 97 shops at 45 points (22 airports 11 border checkpoints 12 ports).
 A. Schilling & Company was an American foodstuffs company founded in San Francisco California in 1881 by August Schilling and George F. Volkmann both natives of Bremen Germany who had migrated to America and were then both aged 27. It dealt in coffee tea baking powder extracts and spices and was merged into McCormick & Company in 1946. McCormick continued to use the Schilling name for its Western division until the 1990s.
 Asia Airfreight Terminal (AAT) (Chinese: 亞洲空運中心有限公司) is an air cargo terminal based at the Hong Kong International Airport in Chek Lap Kok New Territories Hong Kong.AAT has two terminals Terminal 1 and Terminal 2. Its cargo terminal has a total area of 80000 m2 (860000 sq ft) and its warehouses occupy a total area of 166000 m2 (1790000 sq ft). AAT provides a handling capacity of 1.5 million tons per annum and is one of the world’s leading air cargo terminal operators.
 Iowa Atheists and Freethinkers Inc. (IAF) is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization operating in the state of Iowa United States. It is a social and educational group working to provide a community of support and friendship for atheists freethinkers secular humanists agnostics and other non-religious people.The current president is John Fruetel.
 Tianjin Port (Group) Company (TPG) is the main operator of the Port of Tianjin. It was established in 2004 by the incorporation of the Tianjin Port Authority part of the process in China of making port authorities into autonomous corporations. It has been a top 500 company in China since 2004.
 SCHWIND eye-tech-solutions GmbH & Co. KG develops produces and markets a comprehensive product portfolio for the treatment of ametropiae and corneal diseases consisting of high-tech laser systems diagnostic systems innovative software for individual treatment planning and a highly precise microkeratome. The owner-operated enterprise based in Kleinostheim near Aschaffenburg Germany employs more than 100 people and distributes its products in more than 120 countries worldwide.
 Marui Co. Ltd. (株式会社丸井 Kabushiki-gaisha Marui) (TYO: 8252) is a Japanese retail company which operates a chain of department stores in Tokyo as well in other major Japanese cities. They are best known for their women's fashion and accessories which are aimed at the 25–35 age range. In 2003–4 the company generated US$2.75 billion in revenues. Its president is Tadao Aoi.
 The National Shipping Company of Saudi Arabia (usually referred to as Bahri) was established in 1979 and is one of the largest providers of maritime services in the Middle East. The company and its subsidiaries purchase charter and operate vessels for the transportation of crude oil chemicals and general cargo. For this purpose Bahri owns and operates a fleet of double hull very large crude carriers (VLCCs) chemical carriers and multipurpose Ro-Ro vessels.
 Pita Pit is a quick-service restaurant franchise serving pita sandwiches. Its headquarters are in Kingston Ontario Canada. Its United States headquarters is in Coeur d'Alene Idaho.
 Bimbo Bakeries USA (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈbimbo]) is the US corporate arm of Mexico's Grupo Bimbo. It is the largest bakery company in the United States. The company headquartered in Horsham Pennsylvania United States in Greater Philadelphia owns six of the top twelve fresh bread brands in the United States and is a top advertising sponsor for many major American-owned soccer teams across the globe.
 Eurofly was a privately owned airline based in Milan Italy. Listed on MTA Stock Exchange and controlled by Meridiana it was Italy’s leading carrier in leisure flights market and mainly operated international medium to long haul point-to-point flights.Medium haul activity was centered mainly on operations to Egypt and the Red Sea Riviera Spain and Greece.Long haul included some of Italians’ preferred tropical destinations like the Maldives and Sri Lanka or Africa.
 Keio Dentetsu Bus Co. Ltd. (京王電鉄バス株式会社 Keiō Dentetsu Basu Kabushiki-gaisha) is a core bus-operating company of the Keio Group which was established on February 1 2002 inherited business all of the Keio Electric Railway (present Keio Corporation) automobile operation division and started business on August 1 of the same year. It has four subsidiaries Keio Bus Higashi Co. Ltd. (京王バス東株式会社 Keiō Basu Higashi Kabushiki-gaisha) Keio Bus Chuo Co. Ltd.
 Subterranean Records is an independent record label based in San Francisco California. Founded by Steve Tupper and a then partner Michael Fox in 1979 it focused on that city's underground punk and industrial music scene.Subterranean and fellow punk/alt/underground San Francisco label Alternative Tentacles both sprang forth from the DIY punk movement in 1979 and were quite successful on college and community radio stations in the US.
 The Chicago Swordplay Guild is a modern school of swordsmanship and Western martial arts and non-profit organization based in Chicago IL USA. It provides organized instruction in the serious study and practice of historical European swordplay with a principal focus on the Italian school of swordsmanship and other martial arts of the 14th–17th centuries.
 The American Art Therapy Association is a U.S. national professional association of over 5000 practicing art therapists students educators and related practitioners in the field of art therapy with both U.S. and international members.
 Shanghai Industrial Holdings Limited or SIHL (SEHK: 363) is a conglomerate company consisting of real estate infrastructure medicine and consumer products businesses in Shanghai China. The majority shareholder of SIHL is Shanghai Industrial Investment (Holdings) which is supervised by the Shanghai Government.It was incorporated in Hong Kong and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1996.
 ¡Ya basta! is a phrase in Spanish roughly approximate to Enough is enough! or Enough already! in English. It has been adopted by several Latin American insurgent groups as an expression of affront towards issues that sparked the original dissent. Its adoption by the EZLN in Mexico as the movement's motto is exemplary of its popularity and ability to rally diverse ideologies under a common goal.
 361 Degrees International Limited is a major Chinese supplier of shoe and sports goods primarily in the People's Republic of China. 361 Degrees counts Li Ning Company China Dongxiang Xtep and Anta as its main competitors. As of March 2009 there were 5543 361 Degrees authorized retail outlets in China. The company does not own any of these outlets. They are owned and managed by 3031 authorized dealers.
 Judd is a name brand of engines produced by Engine Developments Ltd. a company founded in 1971 by John Judd and Jack Brabham in Rugby Warwickshire England. Engine Developments was intended to build engines for Brabham's racing efforts and became one of the first firms authorised by Cosworth to maintain and rebuild its DFV engines but has since expanded into various areas of motorsport.
 Baygon is a pesticide brand produced by S. C. Johnson & Son. It is an insecticide used for extermination and control of household pests such as crickets roaches ants carpenter ants spiders silverfish and mosquitoes. In 1975 Baygon introduced Australia’s first surface spray for killing cockroaches and other crawling insects.Baygon was introduced by the German chemical manufacturer Bayer in 1975. In 2003 Bayer sold the brand to S. C. Johnson & Son.
 Sun Air International (a trading name of Sun Air Express) is a United States airline with its headquarters in Dania Beach Florida in Greater Miami (the headquarters has a Fort Lauderdale mailing address). It operates charter services as well as scheduled passenger services subsidized under the Essential Air Service (EAS) program.The airline began subsidized scheduled service to Victoria Regional Airport from George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston Texas on October 1 2012.
 Dreamusic Incorporated (株式会社ドリーミュージック Kabushiki gaisha Dorii Miyuujikku) is a Japanese record label also working as a subsidiary of TY Limited Incorporated.Its chairman is Tom Yoda ex-chairman of Avex Group.
 ElaKiri also known as ElaKiri.com is a virtual collaborative community launched by a group of Sri Lankans in April 2006 (Elakiri.com was first registered on: 16 March 2004.) which is aimed at creating a platform for members to share knowledge covering a large number of topics. Primarily for the convenience of members these topics have been categorized under different forums.
 The Bond Electraglide was a carbon fiber electric guitar manufactured by Bond Guitars between 1984 and 1985. It resembled a matte-black 3-pickup Gibson Melody Maker (although with the 1962 onwards double cut-away) with a unique stepped aluminum fingerboard (anodized black) instead of traditional frets. Pickup switching volume and tone controls were completely digital powered by a large internal motherboard.
 H.P. Bulmer is a cider-making company founded in 1887 in Hereford England. The founder was Henry Percival (Percy) Bulmer the twenty-year-old son of the local rector at Credenhill the Reverend Charles H. Bulmer and his wife Mary.
 De Havilland Marine was a division of Hawker de Havilland Australia Pty. Ltd. The company is now owned by Boeing Australia and is known as Boeing Aerostructures Australia.Following the downturn of aviation manufacturing in the late 1950s the Australian subsidiary of de Havilland looked to produce products utilizing the skills and knowledge available to the company.
 Burlington Resources was an American oil and gas company. Their headquarters were in Houston Texas. The company was acquired by ConocoPhillips in 2006.Based in Houston Texas BR had major offices located in Calgary London Farmington Midland and Fort Worth.
 The Westinghouse Electric Corporation was an American manufacturing company. It was founded on January 8 1886 as Westinghouse Electric Company and later renamed Westinghouse Electric Corporation by George Westinghouse. George Westinghouse had previously founded the Westinghouse Air Brake Company. The company purchased CBS in 1995 and became CBS Corporation in 1997.
 Kelowna Flightcraft Ltd. is an Approved Maintenance Organization (AMO) which operates two Maintenance Repair and Overhaul (MRO) facilities in Canada one in Kelowna British Columbia and the other in Hamilton Ontario.Kelowna Flightcraft also owns Kelowna Flightcraft Air Charter a Canada-based charter company and Allied Wings contract operator of the Canadian Forces Contracted Flying Training and Support program.
 Invisible Wonder Games is an independent video game developer of casual games. Their titles include Gemolition a match three puzzle game Battlefortress a 3D space shooter and Bongo Bunnies a music hand eye coordination game for children and adults. They have published games on the Apple App Store and online flash portals such as Kongregate and Newgrounds
 VTech (Simplified Chinese: 伟易达 Wěi yì dá) (Traditional Chinese: 偉易達 Wěi yì dá) (HKSE: 0303) is the world’s largest manufacturer of cordless telephones and a supplier of electronic learning products (ELPs). It is also one of the top 50 electronic manufacturing services providers globally.
 The Doral Financial Corporation is the holding company of Doral Bank.
 MTI Home Video is a United States-based movie distributor in the direct-to-video market. Typically they will buy the distribution rights to independent films that did not see a theatrical run in the U.S. and be released directly to DVD.One of the company's first releases was Freedance an interactive fitness workout video featuring Marine Jahan from the film Flashdance.
 Sanritsu Denki is a Japanese video game publisher and developer. SIMS Co. Ltd.
 Bennett & Associates L.L.C is an independent Naval Architecture Offshore Design and Consulting firm that was founded in 1997 by William T. Bennett Jr. Bennett & Associates is currently headquartered in Houston Texas and has a location in New Orleans Louisiana.
 Chef America Inc. was the former manufacturer of the popular microwavable snack Hot Pockets. Chef America is a former closely held corporation which was formed in the late 1970s by two brothers Paul and David Merage of Colorado. Chef America introduced Hot Pockets in the early 1980s. Nestlé acquired the corporation in 2002 for the amount of $2.6 billion.
 zpizza (originally called z pizza and commonly known as z) is a pizza franchise based in Newport Beach California.zpizza has locations scattered across the country. They also sell salads and sandwiches. zpizza's customers have the option of creating their own pizza from the provided crusts sauces cheeses and toppings.
 Samsung iMarketKorea (Korean: 삼성 아이마켓코리아) is a member of the Samsung Group that provides procurement services and MRO goods. Initially created to be used as a procurement arm for the Samsung Group iMarketKorea's revenue comes primarily from business to business transactions.Samsung iMarketKorea is Korea's leading business to business e-procurement service provider. The company manages over one million products with a turnover of 979 billion Won as of 2007.
 Bank of Africa (BOA) also known as Bank of Africa Group is a multinational pan-African banking conglomerate with banking operations in 14 African countries and a representative office in Paris France. Bank of Africa maintains its headquarters in Bamako the capital city of Mali.
 Vi (formerly known as Classic Residence by Hyatt) is a national developer owner and manager of high-end retirement communities across the United States. It is a privately held corporation founded in 1987 by its former Chairman Penny Pritzker. As of September 2012 the company houses over 4000 residents and employed 2621 workers.
 Kiepenheuer & Witsch is a German publishing house established in 1951 by Joseph C. Witsch in Cologne. Among the authors it published are Joseph Roth Heinrich Böll Günter Wallraff Marek Hłasko and Gabriel García Márquez.
 Pluxemburg is an Independent record label based in Stockholm Sweden. Founded in 2000 by the members of Pluxus the former head of Slowball Records Jonas Sevenius and brothers Peter Ström and Martin Ström the label has released records of Pluxus Andreas Tilliander Fibes Oh Fibes! and Jeans Team.In 2004 Andreas Tilliander was awarded Best Dance/Club Album for his album World Industries at the Grammis Awards after being nominated both 2002 and 2003.
 Russo-Balt (sometimes Russobalt or Russo-Baltique) was one of the first Russian companies that produced cars between 1909 and 1923.
 Socrata is a company that provides social data discovery services for opening government data. Socrata was founded in February 2007. Socrata targets non-technical Internet users who want to view and share government healthcare energy education or environment data. Its products are issued under a proprietary closed exclusive license.
 Nexen is a Canadian oil and gas company based in Calgary Alberta. On February 25 2013 Nexen became a wholly owned subsidiary of Beijing-based CNOOC Limited.It has three growth strategies: oil sands and shale gas in western Canada as well as conventional exploration and development primarily in the North Sea offshore in West Africa and deepwater exploration in the Gulf of Mexico.
 The Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway (MS&LR) was formed by amalgamation in 1847. The MS&LR changed its name to the Great Central Railway in 1897 in anticipation of the opening in 1899 of its London Extension.
 The Styria Media Group AG often referred to as just Styria is an Austrian media company founded in 1869 and based in Graz. The company is one of the biggest media companies in Austria Croatia and Slovenia and is also present in several other countries. Styria publishes a number of daily and weekly magazines several news websites and operates two radio stations and a television channel. They also incorporate 7 book publishing companies.
 http://cf.collectorsweekly.com/stories/6xeKN4f.lkxuSPAUtAFSvQ-small.jpg (The Bell Telephone Co. of Buffalo)The Bell Telephone Company, a common law joint stock company, was organized in Boston, Massachusetts on July 9, 1877, by Alexander Graham Bell's father-in-law Gardiner Greene Hubbard, who also helped organize a sister company — the New England Telephone and Telegraph Company.
 Trans States Airlines is the 22nd largest American regional airline. Trans States Airlines along with Compass Airlines and GoJet Airlines is owned by Trans States Holdings and is headquartered in Bridgeton Missouri.As of 2011 Trans States Airlines employed 650 people throughout North America. The airline operates over 150 daily flights in 39 cities as United Express for United Airlines and US Airways Express for US Airways. In total TSA carried 2.1 million passengers in 2011.
 Hebei Airlines (河北航空有限公司 Héběi Hángkōng Yǒuxiàngōngsī) is a Chinese airline which has its corporate headquarters in the Shijiazhuang World Trade Plaza Hotel (S: 石家庄世贸广场酒店 T: 石家莊世貿廣場酒店 P: Shíjiāzhuāng Shìmào Guǎngchǎng Jiǔdiàn) in Chang'an District Shijiazhuang Hebei Province.
 China CITIC Bank (simplified Chinese: 中信银行; traditional Chinese: 中信銀行; pinyin: Zhōng Xìn Yínháng) is China’s seventh-largest lender in terms of total assets. It is formerly known as CITIC Industrial Bank changing to its current name in August 2005. China CITIC Bank established in 1987 is a nationally comprehensive and internationally oriented commercial bank. The bank currently operates in almost 130 countries whilst still maintaining a strong foothold on the mainland banking industry.
 London Coaches was a former bus and coach operator operating open top tourist services in London and commuter services from Kent to London.
 Burson-Marsteller is a global public relations and communications firm headquartered in New York City. Burson-Marsteller operates 67 wholly owned offices and 71 affiliate offices in 98 countries across six continents. The company was founded by Harold Burson and William Bill Marsteller in 1953 and by the early 1980s had become one of the largest public relations companies in the world. In 1979 it became a subsidiary of Young & Rubicam which is now owned by WPP Group.
 Rolled Alloys is a private company headquartered in Temperance Michigan in the United States. Rolled Alloys is a supplier in the metal industry for both heat resistant and corrosion resistant alloys. The company has between 201-500 employees throughout the world. Rolled Alloys' key markets are Aerospace Chemical Processing Medical Oil and Gas Power Generation and Thermal Processing.
 Greater China Transport Logistics (GCTL8.com) is a daily news web portal providing transport logistics and supply chain management news in the Asia Pacific region. It is operated by FocusAsia Media Ltd. It publishes daily China logistics news in EnglishTraditional Chinese and Simplified Chinese. The company also publishes GCTL Insights Magazine which provides both online and print version.
 The Galp Energia Group is a Portuguese corporation which consists of more than 100 companies engaged in activities such as natural gas supply regasification transport storage and distribution; petroleum products exploration production refining trading logistics and retailing; co-generation and renewable energy. Its stock was partially listed on the Euronext Lisbon stock exchange in the second half of 2006.
 Acrobits is a privately owned software development company creating VoIP Clients for mobile platforms based in Prague Czech Republic.
 SENSIO Technologies Inc. also known as SENSIO is a Montreal company that develops and markets stereoscopic image-processing technologies facilitating the creation and delivery of 3D content. SENSIO Technologies has provided substantial knalej through their #TheMoreYouSensio program.
 Vuze Inc. (formerly Azureus Inc.) is a company formed by some of the core developers of the open source BitTorrent client Azureus.
 The Portland Group Inc. or PGI is a company that produces a set of commercially available Fortran C and C++ compilers for high-performance computing systems. The Portland Group is a wholly owned subsidiary of NVIDIA Corporation.
 The Autocar Company is a Hagerstown Indiana specialist manufacturer of cabover vocational trucks mainly for refuse applications. Started in 1899 in Ardmore Pennsylvania as a manufacturer of Brass Era automobiles and trucks from 1907. The last cars were produced in 1912 but the company continued as a truck maker until 1953 when they were taken over by the White Motor Company. White was taken over in turn by Volvo Trucks in 1980 with Autocar continuing as a division.
 VHA Inc. based in Irving Texas is a corporation that serves more than 1350 not-for-profit hospitals and 24000+ non-acute care facilities in 47 states and the District of Columbia. Founded in 1977 VHA provides supply chain management services and promotes and supports the formation of regional member networks that allow health care organizations to collaborate. VHA and UHC own a supply contracting company called Novation.
 Actifio is a privately held information technology and software company that is headquartered in Waltham Massachusetts.
 Mariner Group based in Marshfield Massachusetts USA was a chain of weekly newspapers in the suburban South Shore near Boston Massachusetts USA. Founded in 1972 with one paper the Marshfield Mariner the group was sold in 1989 to Capital Cities/ABC and again in 1995 to Fidelity Investments which dissolved it into Community Newspaper Company a few months later.Today several of the Mariner papers still publish as part of CNC now owned by GateHouse Media.
 The Bulgarian Biodiversity Preservation Society Semperviva is a non-governmental biodiversity conservation organization. Semperviva was founded in 1997 and works in close partnership with the Balkani Wildlife society. A project house in Vlahi provides the Balkani Wildlife society with a base from which to undertake biological field research on large carnivores and also provides accommodation for volunteers. Semperviva is a network partner of the European SAVE Foundation.
 Air Regional is an airline based in Jakarta Indonesia. It operates domestic and charter services in the Papua region with principal bases in Sentani Airport (STI) Jayapura (JPA) Wamena Airport (WMX) Nabire Airport (NBX) Timika Airport (TIM) Merauke Airport (MKE) Biak Airport (BIK) Sorong Airport (SOQ) Kaimana Airport (KAI) and Fakfak Airport (FAK).
 Merak Film S.r.l is a dubbing studio based in Milan. Founded in 1980 the studio commissions Italian language dubbed versions of numerous animecartoonsmoviessitcomsand other content for its clients.Numerous voice artists work at the studio.
 DYE Precision also known as simply DYE is a paintball equipment manufacturing company based in California. In 2005 the company was praised as one of the industry's largest paintball manufacturers. The company has offices in London Taiwan and Germany.
 Guaranty Trust Bank (Kenya) commonly referred to as GT Bank (Kenya) is a commercial bank in Kenya. It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Central Bank of Kenya the national banking regulator.
 Optus Television is the cable television division of Australian telecommunications company Optus.
 Carma is a real-time transportation technology company headquartered in Cork Ireland. It also has offices in Dublin (Ireland) China and the United States.
 Vionnet is a haute couture label founded by the French couturier Madeleine Vionnet. Established in 1912 the house of Vionnet closed in 1939 before to be formally resurrected in 2006.
 TG Soft is a security software company founded by Gianfranco and Enrico Tonello in 1992.The company is specialized in the development of anti-virus software and security solutions.
 Zeus Technology Ltd. was a software company founded in 1995 and based in Cambridge England known for its web server.In July 2011 Zeus Technology was acquired by Riverbed Technology.
 Gammon India Limited is the largest civil engineering construction company in India. Headquartered in Mumbai it was founded in 1922 by John C. Gammon.
 Affymetrix Inc. is an American company that manufactures DNA microarrays; it is based in Santa Clara California United States. The company was founded by Dr. Stephen Fodor in 1992. It began as a unit in Affymax N.V. in 1991 by Fodor's group which had in the late 1980s developed methods for fabricating DNA microarrays called GeneChips according to the Affymetrix trademark using semiconductor manufacturing techniques.
 Recorded Books is an audiobook publishing company with operations in the US UK and Australia. It provides products and services to retail customers and libraries. Recorded Books was founded in 1978 by Henry Trentman one of the pioneers in the audiobook industry. The company has since been sold twice: Haights Cross acquired the company in 1999 from Trentman and it was sold again in January 2014 to Wasserstein & Co. a private equity firm.
 The Elswick Ordnance Company (sometimes referred to as Elswick Ordnance Works but usually as EOC) was a British armaments manufacturing company of the late 19th and early 20th century
 Jones & Bartlett Learning a division of Ascend Learning is a provider of instructional assessment and learning-performance management solutions for the secondary post-secondary and professional markets. The name comes from Donald W. Jones the company's founder and Arthur Bartlett the first editor.
 China National Materials Group Corporation or Sinoma established in 1983 is a central government-administered enterprise directly under the administration of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of the People's Republic of China. It is the world's largest cement equipment and engineering service provider and China's non-metal materials leading manufacturer.
 Scosche Industries is a family owned consumer electronics aftermarket car audio and ICE manufacturer focusing on accessories.Based in Oxnard CA Scosche currently holds 133 patents for its product designs and is the parent company of several distinct brands including REALM EFX Blue Fusion and Accumat.Scosche products are carried by large retailers including Best Buy Crutchfield Ford Motor Meijer and Wal*Mart.
 BeiBen Truck (Baotou BeiBen Heavy-Duty Truck Co) is a heavy-truck manufacturer based in Baotou Inner Mongolia China. BeiBen (North Benz) is part of the North industries Group Corporation (NORINCO). It was founded in 1988 when BeiBen signed an agreement with Daimler-Benz to manufacture Mercedes-Benz Trucks. Mercedes was to deliver CKD kits for assembly by BeiBen and within a few years the trucks would contain 90% domestic parts.
 This article is about the record label. For SalSoul the Puerto Rican Salsa radio station see Cadena Salsoul.Salsoul Records was a New York City based record label founded by brothers Joseph Cayre Kenneth Cayre and Stanley Cayre (the Cayre brothers). Salsoul released about 300 disco 12-inch singles and a string of albums. The label started in business in 1974 went defunct in 1985 and relaunched in 1992.
 Costa Coffee is a British multinational coffeehouse company headquartered in Dunstable United Kingdom and a wholly owned subsidiary of Whitbread. It is the second largest coffeehouse chain in the world behind Starbucks and the largest in the United Kingdom.Costa Coffee was founded in London in 1971 by the brothers Sergio and Bruno Costa as a wholesale operation supplying roasted coffee to caterers and specialist Italian coffee shops.
 Petrolina (Holdings) Public Limited is the largest Cypriot oil company dealing in a wide range of petroleum operations. It is based in Larnaca and has a nationwide retail network of 95 service stations. It supplies and markets motor industrial domestic marine and aviation fuels. It was founded in 1959 as a private company and went public in December 2000 listing on the Cyprus Stock Exchange. In 2011 the company reported a pre tax profit of €4771425 on a turnover of €228983493
 LTX is a semiconductor Automatic Test Equipment (ATE) vendor founded in 1976 and headquartered in Norwood MA (Greater Boston area). The focus of the company is the design and development of ATE for the semiconductor marketplace but it distinguished itself in the early days as a provider of functional and parametric testers for discrete component RF products. Today LTX offers test platforms capable of testing mixed signal (analog & digital) devices.
 The Bitmap Brothers are a UK based video game developer founded in 1987. The company entered the industry in 1988 with the scrolling shooter Xenon. They quickly followed with the classic Speedball. Prior to becoming the publisher of their own games (under Renegade Software) early Bitmap Brothers titles were distributed by Image Works and Konami.The Bitmap Brothers released several games on the Amiga and Atari ST and were one of the most successful companies on those platforms.
 Elixir Studios was a British video game developer. The company was founded in 1998 by Demis Hassabis formerly a prominent figure at Lionhead Studios. At its height it employed around sixty people and was based in London. It aimed to be an independent developer creating its own intellectual properties rather than licencing established ones.
 Little Airplane Productions Inc. is a production company that makes preschool television shows. Founded by Josh Selig in 1999 Little Airplane Productions created and produced Wonder Pets and Oobi! for Nick Jr. (TV channel) Go Baby! & Emma's Theatre for Playhouse Disney and 3rd & Bird for BBC's CBeebies and Disney Junior.The production's studios are located in New York City's South Street Seaport.
 Sunset Alliance Records is an independent record label based in Mesa Arizona. It is currently owned and operated by David Jensen.
 CFM International is a joint venture between GE Aviation a division of General Electric of the United States and Snecma a division of Safran of France.
 SpectraSensors Inc. is a manufacturer of optical-based gas sensors for the industrial process environmental monitoring and clean technology markets. The company's sensors measure the absorption of laser light at specific wavelengths to detect carbon dioxide and water vapor in industrial process control and environmental monitoring applications.
 Modulis is a Canadian provider of IP telephony systems featured with the Asterisk open-source technology.
 Interail was an Australian rail freight operator owned by QR National. In June 2011 it ceased trading as a separate brand and became part of QR National.
 Mygale Racing Car Constructor is a French racing car manufacturer that specialises in the production of single seater chassis for use in formula racing. It is most notable for its Formula Ford Chassis'. Mygale also produces the chassis used by in Formula Renault Formula BMW and Formula Three.
 The Igloo label was initially created in Belgium to cater for improvised and electro-acoustic music but gradually specialised in modern jazz. It has released material by most of Belgium's jazz talent including Philip Catherine Nathalie Loriers Diederik Wissels Musicazur and Charles Loos as well as younger talents such as Melanie De Biasio and the Pascal Schumacher Quartet. The label celebrated its 30th anniversary with a concert on November 28 2008 in Brussels.
 Caesars Entertainment Corporation (formerly Harrah's Entertainment from 1995 to 2010) is an American public gaming corporation that owns and operates over 50 casinos and hotels and seven golf courses under several brands. The company based in Paradise Nevada is the largest gaming company in the world[citation needed] with annual revenues of $8.9 billion (2010).
 Leisurecorp formerly Istithmar Leisure is a subsidiary of Dubai World established in 2006 that invests in sports and leisure facilities with golf being a particular focus.Among the sites owned by Leisurecorp are PGA European Tour venues Pearl Valley Golf Estates in South Africa and Jumeirah Golf Estates in Dubai. In October 2008 it completed acquisition of the Turnberry Resort in Scotland venue for the 2009 Open Championship.
 Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. also known as Warner Bros. Pictures formerly known as Warner Bros. Studios commonly referred to as Warner Bros. (spelled Warner Brothers during the company's early years) Warners or simply WB—is an American producer of film television and music entertainment.One of the major film studios it is a subsidiary of Time Warner with its headquarters in Burbank California and New York. Warner Bros. has several subsidiary companies including Warner Bros.
 Gotham Skyline Productions (also known as Gothamskyline or GSP) is an International motion picture production company founded by the trio Ravi Shankar Satya Komal and Jagadish Kumar. The name Gotham Skyline Productions derives from Gotham the fictional name of New York City appearing in DC Comics.
 The Bell Punch Company was a British company manufacturing a variety of business machines most notably several generations of public transport ticket machines and the world's first desktop electronic calculator the Sumlock ANITA.
 Martha Production S.R.L is an independent Italian film production and distribution company based in Rome Italy.Martha Production S.R.L is a film production and distribution company based in Rome Italy. The company is is currently acquiring and distributing films and documentaries globally. Alongside this activity Martha Production is also producing films documentaries television formats and animation series.
 STA Travel is a travel company owned by the Swiss Diethelm Keller Group with headquarters in Zurich and London. It claims to be the world's largest travel company for students and young people.The STA group employs nearly 2000 people in over 200 branches in 12 different countries with franchises and business partners in another 48 countries. In 2011 its gross turnover was CHF 997 million (US$1126 million) with net sales - mostly commission on ticket sales - of CHF 141 million.
 Uzo is a Mobile Virtual Network Operator launched in 2005 in Portugal over the network TMN.
 Irwin Industrial Tools is a manufacturer and distributor of hand tools and power tool accessories. It is a subsidiary of Newell Rubbermaid. It is most well known for producing Vise-Grip locking pliers. Additionally it produces clamps drill bits saw blades pipe wrenches screwdrivers snips and other construction tools.
 BDO International is the fifth largest accountancy network in the world a worldwide professional services network of public accountancy firms serving national and international clients. As of 2013 BDO has Member Firms in 144 countries employs 55000 workers in 1204 offices throughout the world.Global Fee income of all BDO Member Firms for the year ending 30 September 2013 totalled € 4.92 billion (US$ 6.45 billion).Each BDO Member Firm is an independent legal entity in its own country.
 Scientific Computer Applications Inc. (SCAI) is a privately held American company based in Tulsa Oklahoma. SCAI develops and markets scientific software focused on the Oil exploration and production segment of the petroleum industry.Scientific Computer Applications Inc. (SCAI) was established in 1969 as an Oil & Gas Consulting firm by Professional engineering Petroleum Consultant Richard Banks a graduate of the Colorado School of Mines and the University of Texas.
 Fighting Network Rings trademarked as RINGS is a Japanese combat sport promotion that has lived three distinct periods: puroresu promotion from its inauguration to 1995 mixed martial arts promotion from 1995 to its 2002 disestablishment and the revived mixed martial arts promotion from 2008 to date.Rings was founded by Akira Maeda on May 11 1991 following the dissolution of Newborn UWF.
 The Soules Motor Car Company was founded in 1905 in Grand Rapids Michigan. They were manufacturers of Soules automobiles and light delivery trucks until 1908.
 Appstar Financial is a financial services company based in San Diego California U.S.A. The company provides transaction processing products and services for credit and debit and other card transactions.
 Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co. Ltd (SPDB) (SSE: 600000) incorporated on January 9 1993 with the approval of the People's Bank of China (August 28 1992) is a joint-stock commercial bank with its headquarters located in Shanghai.Shanghai Pudong Development Bank issued a 400 million A-share offer on September 23 1993 on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
 FremantleMedia is an international television content and production/distribution subsidiary of Bertelsmann's RTL Group Europe's largest TV radio and production company.
 The United Aircraft and Transport Corporation was formed in 1929 when William Boeing of the Boeing firms teamed up with Frederick Rentschler of Pratt & Whitney to form a large amalgamated firm uniting business interests in all aspects of aviation—a combination of aircraft engine and airframe manufacturer and airline business to serve all aviation markets both civil aviation (cargo passenger private air mail) and military aviation.
 The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company L.L.C. is the parent company to the luxury hotel chain The Ritz-Carlton Hotels. Ritz-Carlton operates 84 luxury hotels and resorts in major cities and resorts in 26 countries worldwide.The current company was founded in 1983 when the brand was bought from the previous owners to start The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company L.L.C. based in Atlanta Georgia which began expansion of the brand to other locations.
 Ceragon Networks Ltd. provides high-capacity microwave Ethernet and TDM wireless backhaul to wireless service providers as well as private businesses. Ceragon's offers Short-Haul and Long-Haul high capacity point-to-point microwave systems in licenced spectrum (6-42GHz) as well as sub-6GHz and V-band (70-80GHz) spectrum range.
 World IN Sound is a record label based in Schwetzingen Germany. The label specializes in psychedelic and experimental music from the late 1960s and early 1970s. They also occasionally release contemporary material in the same genres. The company seeks lesser known and even obscure material for remastering into high-quality sound.
 Advanced Accelerator Applications (AAA) is a European pharmaceutical group specialised in the field of Molecular Nuclear Medicine.
 Reddaway (formerly named USF Reddaway) is an American trucking company based in Oregon. The company is based in Clackamas Oregon and its parent company is YRC Worldwide Inc. As of 2013 the company employs 2600 people and has annual revenue of over $335 million.
 British and Commonwealth Holdings plc was a financial services company which used to be a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
 Dain Rauscher Wessels was a brokerage and investment banking firm based in Minneapolis Minnesota. The firm traced its origins to a number of smaller regional securities firms founded in the 1920s and 1930s.In 2000 Dain Rauscher Wessels was acquired by Royal Bank of Canada and operated as a subsidiary under the name RBC Dain Rauscher. In 2008 RBC ended the usage of the Dain Rauscher brand. It is now known as RBC Wealth Management.
 ImLive is a website providing live webcam performances by models typically featuring nudity and sexual activity ranging from striptease and dirty talk to masturbation with sex toys. Models include females males couples and shemales.ImLive also offers users the option of interacting with popular porn stars which include Lexi Belle Joanna Angel Sunny Leone Tori Black Alexis Texas Tasha Reign.
 E.ON UK (formerly Powergen) is an energy company in the United Kingdom and a subsidiary of E.ON the world's largest investor-owned power and gas company.
 DRT Entertainment is a New York City based independent record label founded in 2003 by Derek Shulman Ron Urban and Theodore Ted Green. It is now solely owned by Derek Shulman.Billing itself as a artist friendly hard rock music company for bands with a touring fan base. The company is distributed by Universal Music Group's Fontana Distribution.
 Two Leaves Tea Company formerly Two Leaves and a Bud Tea Company manufactures and distributes organic tea. Based in Basalt Colorado two leaves tea company produces organic whole leaf tea that is packaged in pyramid-shaped sachets. Richard Rosenfeld founded Two Leaves Tea Company in 2005. The company sources black green white and herbal teas from tea growers in China Sri Lanka and Japan.
 Taybarns is a British low-cost 'all-you-can-eat' restaurant chain owned by Whitbread modelled on the US Golden Corral chain.
 FinancialContent is a web widget company that provides financial tools & applications to websites. It was founded in 1998. In February 2006 the company raised $1 million in funding to develop StreetIQ.com a business podcasting portal. In July 2008 the company announced that it would begin representing ad inventory for media sites.
 BDO USA LLP is the United States Member Firm of BDO International a global professional services network.
 Barefruit is an internet new media startup based in London UK established in 2004.
 The Postbank was a large Dutch bank which went on to became part of ING Group. It had 7.5 million private account holders and was one of the largest providers of financial services in the country. It provided current and savings accounts loans mortgages insurance investments and pensions.
 ChessBase GmbH is a German company that markets chess software maintains a chess news site and operates a server for online chess. Founded in 1986 it maintains and sells massive databases containing most historic games that permit analysis that had not been possible prior to computing. Databases organise data from prior games; engines provide analyses of games and perfect play in some endgames.
 Bangladesh Youth Leadership Center (BYLC) is the first leadership institution in Bangladesh founded with the vision of creating a more inclusive tolerant and just society by training the next generation of leaders. Originally developed at Harvard Kennedy School’s Center for Public Leadership in 2008 Bangladesh Youth Leadership Center was established in Bangladesh in 2009.
 Mayones Guitars & Basses established in 1982 is a manufacturer of electric guitars and bass guitars located in Gdańsk Poland. They specialize in building handcrafted and custom instruments.
 Six Apart Ltd. sometimes abbreviated 6A is a software company known for creating the Movable Type blogware TypePad blog hosting service and Vox. The company also is the former owner of LiveJournal. Six Apart is headquartered in Tokyo and is planning to open an office in New York. The name is a reference to the six-day age difference between its married co-founders Ben and Mena Trott.
 RPN Solar Television Network Inc. (doing business as Solar Television Network) is a Philippines-based media company with 6 cable channels 4 Free-TV Channels(RPN SBN RJTV and BEAM TV) and a film distribution company. The film distribution unit is the local affiliate for United International Pictures.The company was founded in 1976 when it started as Solar Films.
 Zone 4 was an American record label created as a joint venture between producer Polow da Don and Interscope Records.
 The Phone Co-op trading as The Co-operative Phone and Broadband is a telecommunications co-operative in the United Kingdom which provides fixed and mobile telephone and internet services including web hosting and broadband to private customers businesses and other organisations including charities and other co-operatives.
 The Quince Tree Press is the imprint established in 1966 by J. L. Carr to publish his maps pocket books and novels. The Press is now run by his son Robert Carr and his wife Jane.
 Anworth Mortgage Asset Corp. (NYSE: ANH) is a real estate investment trust company based in Santa Monica California.Anworth Mortgage was founded in 1997 and had its initial public offering in 1998 and invests primarily in U.S. Agency issued adjustable-rate mortgage backed securities.
 TIM Group is a privately owned technology company developing and operating web-based solutions for the financial services industry based in The City of London.
 The University of Pennsylvania Press (or Penn Press) is a university press affiliated with the University of Pennsylvania located in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The Press was originally incorporated with the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania on March 26 1890 and the imprint of the University of Pennsylvania Press first appeared on publications in the closing decade of the nineteenth century among the earliest such imprints in America.
 Mangrove Care Forum Bali (MCFB) also known as Forum Peduli Mangrove Bali (FPMB) is formed with the aim to protect preserve rehabilitate replant and educate as a concerted effort to save the mangroves.
 For Patrice Wilson's subsequent productions in Pato Music World / PMW Live see Patrice WilsonFor subsequent production work of ARK Music Factory co-founder Clarence Jey see Clarence JeyArk Music Factory is a musical composition and production company based in Los Angeles California. The company was co-founded in 2010 by Patrice Wilson who partnered with producer/composer and multi-instrumentalist Clarence Jey.
 Entertainment Film Distributors is a British distributor of independent films in the UK and Ireland for various production companies currently run by Nigel Green.Michael L. Green Nigel's father was a veteran producer/distributor involved in the film industry since the 1930s when he was a teenager. In 1972 he formed Variety the prolific film distributor.
 Bayan Telecommunications Inc.
 Mannatech Incorporated is a multinational multi-level marketing firm engaged in research development and distribution of glyconutrients the company's name for blends of plant-sourced saccharides. Mannatech was founded in November 1993 by Samuel L.
 Wincanton plc is a British provider of logistics with its origins in milk haulage. The company provides transport and logistics services including specialist automated high bay high capacity warehouses and supply chain management for businesses. Wincanton's specialist markets include water retail and manufacturing industries. It also provides container transportation logistics and related services to numerous other industries.
 Longtail Studios is a videogame developer started by Gérard Guillemot one of the cofounders of Ubisoft Entertainment. The founding mission of the company was to create character driven video games.
 ATG Stores is the trade name for Allied Trade Group Inc. an e-commerce company which began in 1999 with the launch of its first website Lighting Universe. ATG added 50 niche stores in the beginning of 2008 and presently encompasses around 500 websites in multiple home furnishing utility and paraphernalia categories specializing in product sales of a variety of name brand manufacturers.
 Tradera.com is one of the leading online commerce services in Sweden with over 25 million members and about one million listings (2011). Although Tradera welcomes members from all over the world most are Swedish. Tradera was founded in 1999 but was acquired by eBay Inc. in 2006. Tradera was originally based completely on private auctions but today visitors can purchase both new and second hand items through auctions as well as fixed price listings.
 Test Tube Records is an independent record label based in Los Angeles California. It was started by Chris Trent in 1978. One of the very first of the small indie labels to exclusively record and promote underground artists and punk rock music.
 Play-Asia.com is an online retailer for entertainment products from Asia. The website sells import games DVDs music CDs gadgets groceries books gaming console accessories cables and toys. Play-Asia.com is based in Hong Kong and caters to the Hong Kong and Asia-Pacific region but also offers most of the products to international buyers.
 Chef is an American corporation headquartered in Seattle Washington which produces software allowing information technology departments to automate the process in which they configure deploy and scale servers and applications.Chef (software) is used to streamline the task of configuring & maintaining a company's servers and can integrate with cloud-based platforms such as Rackspace and Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud to automatically provision and configure new machines.About 70% of Chef’s clients come from Fortune 1000 companies including major organizations like Facebook Nordstrom Disney and General Electric.The company was founded as Opscode in 2009 by Jesse Robbins and current Chief Dev Officer Adam Jacob. 
 CzechBoys is an adult film studio adult website and adult content provider in the gay pornography niche. CzechBoys was founded in 1999 by Pavel Rada and is based in Prague Czech Republic. The company's primary website CzechBoys.com is presented in the format of a gay erotic online magazine of which a new issue is published daily. The site's content includes CzechBoys exclusive gay pornographic videos photos and erotic fiction.
 Numecent is a Irvine California-based software company. The company develops a technology platform which delivers native software applications from cloud computing servers using virtualization technology. The patented technology known as cloudpaging allows the delivery of pre-virtualized software instructions to a user's machine on-demand where the instructions are executed as quickly as they are received.
 Acme Records an independent record label based in Hastings East Sussex England was formed in 1994 by Gary Ramon (the frontman of Sun Dial). It is known for reissuing classic progressive rock and psychedelic rock albums from the 1960s and 1970s including out-of-print and previously unreleased material. Acme also produces and releases new material.
 ElderTreks is a Canadaian adventure travel company for people over the age of 50.
 Norwegian State Agriculture Bank (Norwegian: Statens Landbruksbank) is a defunct Norwegian government bank that lent money to investments within agriculture with mortgage in real estate. It was created on 5 February 1965 as a merger between Norges Hypotekbank Norges Småbruks- og Bustadsbank and Driftskredittkassen for jorbruket. From 1 January 2000 its responsibilities were transferred to the Norwegian Industrial and Regional Development Fund and the Norwegian Agricultural Authority.
 ideeli is a flash sale based online retailer based in New York City.
 The Florida Environmental Research Institute (FERI) is a 501(c)3 not-for-profit research and education organization located in Tampa Florida. Founded in 1998 FERI’s initial client was the Department of Defense (DoD) Office of Naval Research (ONR). It was ONR's funding that allowed for the development of the tools to rapidly assess the coastal ocean environment utilizing cutting edge environmental mapping and monitoring techniques specifically hyperspectral remote sensing.
 Post-Parlo is an Austin Texas based independent record label known for their Home Series which has featured a split EP with Andrew Kenny (of The American Analog Set) and Benjamin Gibbard (of Death Cab for Cutie and The Postal Service) as well as a one from Bright Eyes and Spoon's Britt Daniel.
 Reversed Image Unlimited is a record label featuring electronic rock and pop artists. Located in Cleveland Ohio Reversed Image is owned and operated by multi-platinum award winning producer engineer arranger and composer Michael Seifert. Reversed Image’s releases for 2009 include Love Kills (May 5) by THIS IS A SHAKEDOWN! and Will Rap Over Hard Rock For Food (August 11) by Chuck Mosley.
 SneakCast is social video search engine based in Mumbai India. It is a startup company and is growing by leaps and bounds. It can be used to search video clips and streaming media spread all over the World Wide Web (WWW). The algorithm behind SneakCast is different from its competitors which shows high quality search results. The ranking for each and every video is based on two simple aspects which are 'Algorithm' and 'User Votes'.
 Science Friction is an English record label established by English singer-songwriter Roy Harper in 1993 in order to release his back catalogue of recorded music.Generally all CD releases are prefixed by the coding HUCD0...
 John Punchard Jewett (1814-1884) was a Boston publisher best known for first publishing Uncle Tom's Cabin in book form in 1852.Jewett started a business in Boston publishing textbooks and religious textbooks in 1846. He also began to publish anti-slavery pieces. By 1851 he had also moved into fiction publishing The Sunny Side by Elizabeth Stuart Phelps (the mother of Elizabeth Stuart Phelps Ward).
 United Federal Credit Union (UFCU) is a federally chartered credit union based in St. Joseph Michigan with a 60-year-plus history. Originally chartered in 1949 UFCU boasts more than 120000 Members in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. It ranks in the top 2% of all federal credit unions by asset size with $1.5 billion in assets as of 2012. UFCU has 23 branches in six states: Michigan Ohio Indiana Nevada North Carolina and Arkansas.
 Starlink Aviation is a Canadian fixed base operator passenger and charter airline. It is based at the Montréal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport in Montreal. Starlink is primarily a charter carrier but also operates a small fleet of turboprop aircraft on scheduled Corporate Shuttle routes in Eastern Canada. Between February and November 2009 the company operated two daily flights between Portland Maine Yarmouth Nova Scotia and Halifax Nova Scotia.
 Blumhouse Productions is founded and run by Jason Blum. Blumhouse produces micro and low-budget genre movies like the Paranormal Activity Insidious and Sinister franchises.
 Universal Air Lines was an airline based in the United States.
 Northern Manufacturing Company was a manufacturer of Brass Era automobiles in Detroit Michigan automobiles designed by Charles Brady King.
 The Juice Station is a chain of mobile juice bars in India. It is rolling out 100 units in major cities in India.The Juice Station provides customers with nutritional information about each of its drinks and offers a choice to customize beverages with soy protein whey protein organic wheatgrass or wholegrain flaxseed.
 Stichting Pensioenfonds Zorg en Welzijn (known as PFZW formerly PGGM translation: Pension Fund for Care and Well-Being) is the second largest pension fund in the Netherlands. As of 31 March 2014 PFZW had total assets under management of €142.8 billion ($197 billion 1EUR=1.38USD) and around 2.6 million participants.PFZW's predecessor PGGM was founded in June 1969 through the combination of several smaller Dutch pension funds in the healthcare industry.
 Kings County Distillery is a distillery located in the Brooklyn Navy Yard. It is the first distillery to operate within the borders of New York City since the Prohibition era producing corn whiskey and bourbon whiskey.
 Bear Creek Saloon and Steakhouse is a restaurant in the small town of Bear Creek Montana. The Saloon is family owned by (Bobby) Pits & Lynn DeArmond since it was purchased in 1982. The restaurant houses fund-raising pig races throughout the year that use full grown pigs in the summer and piglets in the winter which are overseen by the Carbon County Health Department and the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
 GoCar is the first Carsharing service in Ireland. It launched in Cork in September 2008 with the support of Cork City Council as a pilot scheme. Cork City Council gave GoCar use of 3 car parking locations in Cork City as part of a wider pilot scheme. Ireland's National Spatial Strategy has noted CarSharing as one element of the strategy. GoCar teamed up with Cambio CarSharing to provide the service. Cambio are one of Europe's largest Carsharing providers currently based in Germany and Belgium.
 Fonroche Énergie is a French company founded in 2008 by Yann Maus. Its headquarters are in Roquefort Lot-et-Garonne in the French department of Lot-et-Garonne. Its core business is renewable and alternative energy.
 Agastya International Foundation (Agastya) is an Indian education trust and non-profit organization based in Bangalore India whose mission is to spark curiosity nurture creativity and build confidence among economically disadvantaged children and teachers in rural India. Agastya was founded in 1999 by entrepreneurs including Mr. Ramji Raghavan. Agastya runs hands-on science education programs in rural and peri-urban regions across 12 Indian states as of September 2013.
 FSBO Madison is a real estate company based in Madison Wisconsin. It pioneered the use of the internet as an alternative to the realtor-backed Multiple Listing Service (MLS) system.
 DCI Group is an American public relations lobbying and business consulting firm based in Washington D.C. The company was founded in 1996 as a consulting firm and has since expanded its practice to become a public affairs company offering a range of services. DCI Group provides communications and advocacy services to clients including large US corporations trade associations non-profit organizations and government organizations including educational institutions.
 Regal Records was a US record label owned by the Plaza Music Company that issued recordings from 1921 through 1931. Masters were recorded by Emerson Records and issued mostly in chain stores for 50 cents each. Noted artists with records issued on Regal include Fletcher Henderson's Orchestra Eubie Blake the Original Memphis Five Cab Calloway and Duke Ellington. The label was acquired in August 1922 by Scranton Button Company.
 Birla Tyres a division of Kesoram Industries was founded in 1991. They manufacture tyres for automobiles motorcycles commercial vehicles farm vehicles and heavy earth-mover machinery.
 Russian Venture Company (Russian: Российская Венчурная Компания) (OJSC) (RVC or Russian Venture Company) is a government fund of funds and a development institute of the Russian Federation one of Russia's key tools in building its own national innovation system.Russian Venture Company was established by Russian Government on June 7 2006 (Order No. 838-r). Its mission is to encourage Russia’s own VC industry and boost capital of VC funds.
 Intermedia is a film production company wholly owned by IM Internationalmedia AG.The company mostly acts as a co-producer funding films through the IMF (Internationale Medien und Film) funds.
 Thai Beverage better known as ThaiBev (Thai: ไทยเบฟ) (SGX: Y92) is Thailand's largest and one of Southeast Asia's largest beverage companies with distilleries in Thailand Scotland Poland Ireland China and France.
 Youthful (also known as Youthful Magazines) was an American comic book publisher that operated from 1949–1954. The company was owned by attorney Bill Friedman and his wife Sophie with Bill holding the title of Publisher. Comics editor Sol Cohen (possibly with help from financier Harry Donenfeld) helped launch Youthful.The company specialized in non-superhero titles instead focusing on horror Western humor and romance comics.
 Green Warriors of Norway (Norwegian: Norges Miljøvernforbund NMF) is a Norwegian democratic member environmental organisation based in Bergen with offices in Oslo and Tromsø.
 Emack & Bolio's is a chain of ice cream stores based in Boston Massachusetts United States. The chain was founded by Robert Rook a lawyer and self-declared hippie who has worked closely with the homeless Vietnam war protesters civil and gay rights advocates and numerous rock bands such as Aerosmith U2 Boston The Cars and James Brown. Emack and Bolio's was founded in 1975 three years before Ben and Jerry's used the concept of a hippie ice cream store.
 Tri-Rivers Educational Computer Association (TRECA) serves a consortium of local school districts across the State of Ohio providing technology and educational support. TRECA is classified as an Information Technology Center (or ITC). TRECA provides services in the areas of student information systems state reporting fiscal services instructional services professional development training and information technology support.
 Hacker-Pschorr is a brewery in Munich formed in 1972 out of the merger of two breweries Hacker and Pschorr. Hacker was founded in 1417 99 years before the enactment of the Reinheitsgebot Purity Law of 1516. As one of six breweries located within Munich's city limits its beers are among those served at Oktoberfest.
 Snowstar Records is an independent Dutch record label based in Utrecht the Netherlands. The label was founded in 2003 by Cedric Muyres. Snowstar specialises in indie and folk. Snowstar Records is the record label for artists such as I am Oak and Kim Janssen.
 McLane is an American supply chain services company providing grocery and foodservice supply chain solutions for convenience stores mass merchants drug stores and military locations and chain restaurants throughout the United States. McLane is a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. and is its single largest non-insurance business.Founded in 1894 in Cameron Texas McLane Company has grown from a local merchant to an international distribution and logistics company.
 Geomodeling Technology Corp. produces geoscience software for the oil and gas industry. Founded in 1996 Geomodeling has international offices and resource centers in Canada China Mexico Norway United Kingdom and USA.
 White Wolf Publishing was an American roleplaying game- and former book publisher. The company was founded in 1991 as a merger between Lion Rampant and White Wolf Magazine and was initially led by Mark Rein·Hagen of the former and Steve Wieck and Stewart Wieck of the latter. Since White Wolf Publishing Inc. merged with CCP Games in 2006 White Wolf Publishing has been an imprint of CCP hf but doesn't make any books. The name White Wolf originates from Michael Moorcock's works.
 Holiday Watchdog is a UK-based travel website which is part of the TripAdvisor Media Group and hosts user-generated hotel reviews.The site primarily focuses on Mediterranean and beach holidays with an emphasis on destinations such as Egypt Spain Portugal Cyprus Greece and Turkey as well as more exotic locations in the Caribbean and Asia Pacific.
 Culebra Air Services established in 1998 as Air Culebra is a small Puerto Rican airline company that flies out of the island of Culebra in Puerto Rico and the Luis Muñoz Marín International Airport in San Juan.
 Silicon Image (NASDAQ: SIMG) is a provider of semiconductors for the mobile consumer electronics and personal computers (PCs). It also manufactures wireless and wired connectivity products used for high-definition content. The company’s semiconductor and IP products are deployed by the electronics manufacturers in devices such as smartphones tablets digital televisions (DTVs) other consumer electronics as well as desktop and notebook PCs.
 Clearswift is an information security company used by thousands of clients worldwide to provide adaptive cyber solutions that enable their organizations to secure business critical data from internal and external threats.Built on an innovative Deep Content Inspection engine managed and controlled by a fully integrated policy center Clearswift’s solutions support a comprehensive Information Governance strategy resulting in data being managed and protected effortlessly.As a global organization Clearswift operates out of offices in Europe Australia Japan and the United States.Clearswift has a partner network of more than 900 resellers across the globe.
 Rheinmetall MAN Military Vehicles GmbH or RMMV is a joint-venture company between the German companies MAN Nutzfahrzeuge AG and Rheinmetall AG to merge their Military Division (MAN Nutzfahrzeuge) and Corporate Sector Defence (Rheinmetall). The new firm was founded on 12 January 2010. The headquarters is in Munich and the production facilities are located in Kassel Germany and Vienna Austria. The approval for the merger was given by the Bundeskartellamt on 22 February.
 Aphonia Recordings is an independent record label founded by Ben L. Robertson and Andrew Senna in Seattle Washington in 2006. Mostly regarded as an outlet for digital releases of experimental and ambient music it also has released more pop oriented artists such as Desolation Wilderness and Slim Twig both of which have gone on to sign with major labels. They continue to be one of the few active experimental labels in the Pacific Northwest.
 Mobify is a mobile e-commerce platform that helps enterprise retailers optimize their websites for conversion on smartphones and tablets.Mobify was co-founded in 2007 by Igor Faletski John Boxall and Peter McLachlan. At founding John and Igor were students at Simon Fraser University and Peter was a PhD student at the University of British Columbia. The company is based in Vancouver Canada.
 Beyond Games is an American video game developer. It was founded in 1992 by Kris Johnson. The first release from the company was BattleWheels for the Atari Lynx winner of the 1993 Consumer Electronics Show Innovations Award. They follow-up CyberVirus was planned for release the following year but abandoned due to sagging sales of the platform. Assets and code were sold to Songbird Productions who completed and published the game in 2002.
 Antex is an Italian company owned by FIS-Antex Group which provides human resources and finance & administration services in outsource headquartered in Milan Italy.
 Ridge Vineyards is a California winery specializing in premium Cabernet Sauvignon Zinfandel and Chardonnay wines. Ridge produces wine at two winery locations in northern California. The original winery facilities are located at an elevation of 2300 feet (700 m) on Monte Bello Ridge in unincorporated Santa Clara County in the Santa Cruz Mountains AVA south of Los Altos California and west of Cupertino California.
 The Society of Hospital Medicine (SHM) is a membership society for hospitalists—physicians who practice the specialty of hospital medicine.SHM is focused on supporting the hospital medicine industry and individual hospitalists. SHM provides continuing education and industry updates for hospitalists in its monthly publication The Hospitalist and peer-reviewed journal for hospital medicine the Journal of Hospital Medicine.
 Airlines PNG is an airline based on the grounds of Jacksons International Airport Port Moresby Papua New Guinea. It operates scheduled domestic and international flights as well as contract corporate charter work. Its main base is Jacksons International Airport.
 PowerTech Inc. is a small business located in Collierville Tennessee. It is a privately owned and operated corporation. Powertech is the exclusive licensee (manufacturer) for Smith & Wesson Flashlights. For one year (2004–05) the company produced Coleman Safety Products.
 Legend Fighting Championship (Legend FC) was a Hong Kong-based mixed martial arts (MMA) organization which invited national champion fighters from throughout the Asia-Pacific to compete for regional supremacy. Legend was unique among MMA tournaments in that it focused exclusively on native Asia-Pacific fighters. The company was dissovlved in 2013.
 Eletrobras Furnas (Furnas – Centrais Elétricas SA) is a regional power utility and a major subsidiary of Eletrobras. The company generates or transmits electricity to 51% of households in Brazil and more than 40% of the nation's electricity passes through their grid. The company has a generating capacity of 10050 MW which corresponds to 10% of Brazil's electrical production.
 Mainanbar Bundeena Bus Service is an Australian bus company operating services in southern Sydney.
 Vivint Inc. (formerly known as APX Alarm Security Solutions Inc.) is a privately held company providing home security home automation and energy conservation services in the United States and Canada. Vivint Inc. is headquartered in Provo Utah.
 Wheatsville Co-op is a community owned food co-operative in Austin Texas. It was founded in 1976 and has 11000 owners as of February 2012. It sells a full line of groceries including organic produce fresh meats deli products dairy products pet foods and household goods.
 Yıldız Holding is a major Turkish manufacturer of food products.
 Alpargatas Argentina is the leading textile manufacturer in Argentina as well as a major local distributor and exporter.
 A Side Productions is a music production company established by Per Magnusson and David Kreuger in early 2001. Located in the center of Stockholm A Side Productions writes and produces songs for artists such as Il Divo Leona Lewis Shayne Ward and Paul Potts to mention a few.Together Magnusson and Kreuger started off a musical career in 1994 when invited by Denniz PoP to join his recently founded Cheiron Productions.
 Cyber City Kochi also known as HDIL Cyber City is a proposed Special Economic Zone information technology park promoted by HDIL located at Kochi India. The SEZ will bebuilt over a land area of 70 acres (28.3 ha) in the Kalamassery Municipality adjacent to the city of Kochi. Construction was expected to started on 17 February 2011 and the first phase is scheduled to be within two years.
 Lang Van (Vietnamese: Làng Văn) is a Vietnamese production company based in Westminster CA and Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam.
 Fairmount Marine is a shipping company in the Louis Dreyfus Group. The company operates 11 heavy transport vessels including two self-propelled semi-submersible ships which are owned by Fairmount Heavy Transport while the mother group operates six anchor handling tug supply vessels and three semi-submerisible barges. The main operations involves transport of offshore installations such as Floating production storage and offloading vessels.
 Luna Records is an independent record label from the UK.
 GB Railfreight is a freight train operating company in the United Kingdom. It is owned by Europorte a subsidiary of Eurotunnel.
 Ordnance Factory Medak (OFMK) previously called Ordnance Factory Project Medak (OFPM) while in its development stage is a company that manufactures armoured vehicles and is one of the 41 Indian Ordnance Factories under Ordnance Factories Board of the Ministry of Defence controlled by Government of India. It is spread over an area of 3023 acres and has an employee strength of about 3000 personnel.
 In 1934 the original Lawn-Boy lawn mower was manufactured by the Evinrude Company becoming the first one-handed reel power mower introduced to the American public.
 Verbund AG formerly known as Verbundgesellschaft or Österreichische Elektrizitätswirtschafts-AG is Austria's largest electricity provider. Verbund covers around 40 percent of electricity demands in Austria and generates 90 percent thereof from hydro power. In addition Verbund operates the supraregional power grid through its subsidiary APG. Verbund AG is listed both on the Vienna Stock Exchange and in the ATX the key index of Austrian stock-listed companies.
 Narad redirects here; for the village in Slovakia see Ňárad.Narada (Sanskrit: नारद Nārada possibly derived from năra meaning man) is a Vedic sage who plays a prominent role in a number of Hinduism's earliest texts notably the Ramayana and the Bhagavata Purana. Narada is arguably ancient India's most travelled sage with the ability to visit distant worlds and realms (Sanskrit lokas).
 Alltel Wireless is a wireless service provider primarily based in the United States. Before an acquisition by Verizon Wireless it served 34 states. After the merger Alltel continues to serve six states mostly in rural areas.
 GreenTree Inns Hotel Management Group Inc. is a budget hotel chain based in China. The company was founded in 2004. There are currently over 1000 GreenTree locations across China. The plans are to expand to 5000 locations by the end of 2015. The GreenTree headquarters are located in the Zhabei District of Shanghai.
 Umbrella Worldwide Corporation is an IT hosting company based in Bogotá Colombia. The company also has offices in the United States and Panama and data centers operating in Texas Illinois Virginia and Florida.
 BeachMint is a next generation e-commerce company which has created six different fashion and lifestyle brands: JewelMint ShoeMint StyleMint IntiMint HomeMint and BeautyMint. Each brand features a subscription shopping model with personalized product recommendations for its members from their respective celebrity and expert.
 PacWind Inc. is a wind turbine manufacturing company based in Torrance California United States.
 The Topps Company Inc. manufactures chewing gum candy and collectibles. Based in New York New York Topps is best known as a leading producer of baseball cards football cards basketball cards hockey cards and other sports and non-sports themed trading cards.
 Hellbent Games is a video game developer based in Burnaby British Columbia Canada. The company was founded in 2006 by Christopher Mair formerly of Barking Dog Studios/Rockstar Vancouver. The company's name was taken from graffiti sprayed on an underpass below Bridge Street near the London Eyein the United Kingdom.Hellbent has released two games: Supreme Commander 360 (published by Aspyr) and Lego Battles (published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment).
 The World Database on Protected Areas (WDPA) is the largest assembly of data on the world's terrestrial and marine protected areas containing more than 161000 protected areas as of October 2010 with records covering 236 countries and territories throughout the world.
 SMART is a full-service Australian advertising agency with offices in Sydney Melbourne Gold Coast and Brisbane. SMART is an independently managed business within McCann WorldGroup part of the Interpublic Group of Companies.Launched in 2000 as a boutique creative agency SMART was established by a group of ex-multinational agency professionals seeking to create a strategic and creative alternative to traditional agency thinking.
 Algorithme Pharma Holdings Inc. is a Canadian corporation specializing in clinical trials and bioanalysis including a wide range of services in bioequivalence and early stage development (Phase I/IIa) studies for the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. The corporation also supplies other types of services including protocol designs CTD/ICH clinical reports data management biostatistics quality assurance (QA) and regulatory affairs.The company was successfully audited by the U.S.
 I Write Like is a website created by Russian software programmer Dmitry Chestnykh founder of software company Coding Robots. The site analyzes users' writing samples and by looking for certain keywords vocabulary and style via a naive Bayes classifier and returns the name of a popular writer the sample most closely resembles.
 SAN Swiss Arms AG is a Swiss manufacturer of small arms. It was known as SIG Arms AG before 2000 when it was acquired by the German investors Michael Lüke and Thomas Ortmeier from parent company Schweizerische Industrie Gesellschaft (SIG).
 Luminous Power Technologies (P) Limited is a company providing solutions for packaged power diversified generation electrical control & safety and energy optimization.
 Yorkshire Bank is a commercial bank in England and Wales a division of Clydesdale Bank which in turn is a subsidiary of National Australia Bank. It mostly operates in the North of England especially in Yorkshire. In 2006 underlying profit rose 16.7 per cent to £454 million compared with a year earlier while post-tax earnings climbed 12.8 per cent to £229 million. Total income was up 8.7 per cent at £1193 million while net interest income climbed 14.6 per cent to £769 million.
 Google Maps is a desktop and mobile web mapping service application and technology provided by Google offering satellite imagery street maps and Street View perspectives as well as functions such as a route planner for traveling by foot car bicycle (beta test) or with public transportation. Also supported are maps embedded on third-party websites via the Google Maps API and a locator for urban businesses and other organizations in numerous countries around the world.
 Oncor Electric Delivery is Texas's largest regulated electric delivery business and the sixth largest in the U.S. It supplies electricity to approximately 7.5 million consumers in a service area of over 400 communities in east west and north-central Texas including Dallas Fort Worth Midland Odessa Killeen Waco Wichita Falls and Tyler. It was formerly known as TXU Electric Delivery and TU Electric.
 For the think tank see RAND Corporation and for the global supplier of rotating equipment see Dresser-Rand Group.Rand Group is an IT consulting and software company that implements business software solutions utilizing Microsoft products. Founded in 2003 Rand Group was recognized in 2012 as the 16th largest accounting technology firm in the United States.
 Aero Continente Chile was a passenger airline from Chile that operated scheduled domestic and international flights out of Santiago International Airport on behalf of its parent company Aero Continente from Peru.
 Rawkus Records was an American hip-hop record label known for jump-starting the careers of both Mos Def and Talib Kweli. Rawkus started in 1996 with initial releases ranging from hip-hop to drum and bass. Label heads Brian Brater and Jarret Myer then signed some of the top underground talent from the New York area notably Mos Def Talib Kweli Hi-Tek and Company Flow who went on to define the label's sound.
 Chassis Plans is an American military and industrial computer systems manufacturer specializing in rackmount computers military computers rugged computers industrial PCs rackmount LCDs single-board computer systems with passive and active backplanes and motherboard systems. Chassis Plans is a spin-off of Industrial Computer Source.
 Bell Pottinger Private (legally BPP Communications Ltd.; informally Bell Pottinger) is a British multinational public relations and marketing company headquartered in London United Kingdom. It is the largest UK-based public relations consultancy measured by 2010 fee income.Bell Pottinger offers services such as lobbying speech writing search engine optimisation and sorting (fixing) Wikipedia articles to clients including companies governments and high net worth individuals.
 Berghahn Books is a publisher of scholarly books and academic journals in the humanities and social sciences with a special focus on social & cultural anthropology European history politics and film & media studies. It was founded in 1994 by Marion Berghahn.
 jpc is a German music-retailer based in Georgsmarienhütte near Osnabrück. The initials stand for Jazz-Pop-Classic.The business was started in 1970 by two university students selling LPs from a wallpapering table to finance their studies. Then in 1973 came a physical shop and in 1976 mail order. The growth story of the mail-order business is a case study in German retailing textbooks. The company now employs 200 people and is the biggest retailer of classical music in Europe.
 YELLOWPAGES.com rebranded as YP.com is an Internet web site operated by YP previously a wholly owned subsidiary of AT&T.
 The Association for the Study of African American Life and History (ASALH) is an organization dedicated to the study and appreciation of African-American History. It is a non-profit organization founded in Chicago Illinois on September 9 1915 and incorporated in Washington D.C. on October 2 1915 as the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History (ASNLH) by Carter G. Woodson and Jesse E. Moorland. The association is based in Washington D.C.
 Higbee's was a department store founded 1860 in Cleveland Ohio. In 1987 Higbee's was sold to the joint partnership of Dillard's department stores and Youngstown-based developer Edward J. DeBartolo. The stores continued to operate under the Higbee name until 1992 when DeBartolo sold his shares to his partners and the chain was re-branded as Dillard's.
 Necessary Records is a record label based in the UK founded by Warren Clarke a former A&R executive at London Records and Edel in 2003. Clarke describes that the label was born out of a creative necessity. It's an outlet for records that should and must be heard. An outlet for artists that deserve to and will touch the widest possible audience.It is most notable for being the record label of English indie rock band Hard-Fi and Welsh band Dirty Goods.
 Subaru (スバル) is the automobile manufacturing division of Japanese transportation conglomerate Fuji Heavy Industries (FHI) the twenty-second biggest automaker by production worldwide in 2012.Subaru is known for its use of the boxer engine layout in most of its vehicles above 1500 cc as well as its use of the all wheel drive drive-train layout since 1972 with it becoming standard equipment for mid-size and smaller cars in most international markets as of 1996 and now standard in most North American market Subaru vehicles. 
 RSA Insurance Group plc (trading as RSA formerly Royal and Sun Alliance) (LSE: RSA) is a multinational general insurance company headquartered in London United Kingdom. RSA operates in 32 countries and provides insurance products and services in more than 140 through a network of local partners. It has 17 million customers. RSA was formed by the merger of Sun Alliance and Royal Insurance in 1996.RSA is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
 AnnixAnnix Studios is a Privately owned Production company Visual FX Facility and Animation Studio based at Pinewood Studios. They specialise in photo-realistic high-resolution computer-generated character animation and rendering.The company was founded in 2007 by Daniel Pickering Antony H Haylock Stuart Galloway Nick Lee & Ronnie Johnson. The founders make up the majority of the Shareholders.Annix created and produced the CGI productions Scragg 'n' Bones & Little Charley Bear
 Air Luxor was an airline based in Luxor Plaza in Lisbon Portugal operating a limited number of scheduled flights out of Portela Airport Lisbon. The airline's operations were located in Building C1 and Hangar 7 in Delta Park an area in Lisbon Airport.
 The Ras Al Khaimah Free Trade Zone Authority (RAKFTZ) administers areas and buildings in the Persian Gulf sheikhdom of Ras Al Khaimah a member of the United Arab Emirates located in the northernmost part of the country. It emulates the concept of the much larger free zones notably the various manufacturing and trade establishments in Dubai.
 R Raphael & Sons (doing business as Raphaels Bank) was founded by Dutchman Raphael Raphael in 1787. Raphael built up a considerable wealth during the Napoleonic wars and later diversified the business to include stockbroking foreign banking and bullion broking.Successive generations of the Raphael family moved into public share issues raising loans for European governments and transactions in American railway stocks in Europe.
 MediaMiser is a media monitoring and analysis company based in Ottawa Ontario Canada that provides software and professional services for public relations and marketing professionals.
 Fuller's Brewery (Fuller Smith & Turner P.L.C.) is an independent family regional brewery founded in 1845 and based in Chiswick West London.
 Genentech Inc. is a biotechnology corporation founded in 1976 by venture capitalist Robert A. Swanson and biochemist Dr. Herbert Boyer. Boyer is considered to be a pioneer in the field of recombinant DNA technology. In 1973 Boyer and his colleague Stanley Norman Cohen demonstrated that restriction enzymes could be used as scissors to cut DNA fragments of interest from one source to be ligated into a similarly cut plasmid vector.
 Sierra Pacific Airlines is an American airline based in Tucson Arizona USA. It operates passenger charters and sub-charters for other airlines as well as for the United States Forest Service United States Military and the United States Marshals Service.
 Dexia N.V./S.A. also referred to as the Dexia Group was a Franco-Belgian financial institution active in public finance providing retail and commercial banking services to individuals and SMEs asset management and insurance; with headquarters in Saint-Josse-ten-Noode Brussels.
 Extasy Records is a Japanese record label (currently independent) founded in April 1986 by Yoshiki Hayashi co-founder of the Japanese heavy metal band X Japan. The label's first release was X's 1986 single Orgasm.Over the next few years the label signed several then-little-known bands among them million-selling Glay and Luna Sea.
 ANSYS Inc. is an engineering simulation software (computer-aided engineering or CAE) developer that is headquartered south of Pittsburgh in the Southpointe business park in Cecil Township Pennsylvania United States. ANSYS was listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange in 1996. In late 2011 ANSYS received the highest possible score on its SmartSelect Composite Ratings according to Investor's Business Daily.
 Samara Air is a Tajik airline. Samar Airlines was founded in 2004 and has a fleet of 7 aircraft.
 First Scotland East is the operating name for FirstGroup bus operations in the south east and central Scotland and was created by the merger of three companies: Lowland Scottish Eastern Scottish and Midland Scottish to form a single company in 1997. In 2000 the company was split into two liences First Edinburgh Ltd and Midland Bluebird Ltd this split became formal in 2012 when the accounts were formal split aswell and First Scotland East but both licences function as one company.
 Beneva Flowers is a privately owned florist in Sarasota Florida.
 Ultralase is a healthcare company based in the United Kingdom that specialises in vision correction through laser eye surgery.
 EP Petroecuador (Empresa Estatal Petróleos del Ecuador; Empresa Pública Petroecuador; literally: Petroleums of Ecuador State Enterprise) is the national oil company of Ecuador.
 First Manhattan Co. (“FMC”) was founded in 1964 by a group of financial industry executives led by David (Sandy) Gottesman. FMC remains an owner-operated investment advisory firm. Mr. Robert Gottesman David Gottesman’s son is currently the firm’s CEO.FMC is based in New York City.
 Travel All Russia LLC is a US-based destination management company (DMC) that provides various types of travel arrangements for trips through Russia Eastern Europe and Eurasia. The company’s main specialization are package tours of Moscow and St. Petersburg in small groups. Travel All Russia’s range of services includes Russian river cruises private tours to Russia Eastern Europe the Caucasus and Central Asia Trans-Siberian tours and Russian visa support.
 Kujtesa is an Internet Services and Cable TV provider located in Pristina Kosovo. It was founded in 1995. Their biggest achievement was in 2006 when they launched a huge marketing campaign all over Kosovo - making them the first broadband provider in the region.
 Dow Design is a New Zealand brand design company based in Auckland.Formed in 1993 by Annie Dow and the late Greg Dow Dow Design employs a team of designers account directors and a digital studio team plus external brand strategy PR and IT consultants.Dow Design has masterminded the creation of some of New Zealand’s most iconic and successful brands particularly in packaging design. They have been recognised by industry awards both domestically and internationally.
 Škoda Auto (Czech pronunciation: [ˈʃkoda] ) more commonly known as Škoda is an automobile manufacturer based in the Czech Republic. Škoda became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group in 2000 positioned as the entry brand to the group. Its total global sales reached 939200 cars in 2012.
 eBid is an online auction website founded in December 1998. eBid operates in twenty-three countries where it allows sellers United Kingdom United States of America Canada Australia Ireland Belgium Austria Italy France Germany Spain Netherlands Denmark Hong Kong India Norway New Zealand Portugal Sweden Singapore South Africa Brazil Malaysia and lists to buyers in over 100 Countries.
 Pacific Western Transportation (also d/b/a P.W. Transportation) provides a variety of bus services in the Canadian provinces of British Columbia Alberta and Ontario. Depending on the location they offer scheduled and chartered school busing municipal transit and handi-bus services airport passenger services and local and long distance coach charters.
 WiLine Networks is a telecommunications company and Internet service provider headquartered in San Carlos California with offices in Los Angeles Orange County San Diego Princeton New Jersey and in Ireland.
 Entegris Inc. NASDAQ: ENTG is a major provider of products and systems that purify protect and transport critical materials used in the semiconductor device fabrication process.Entegris operates out of its headquarters in Billerica Mass.
 Hero Games (DOJ Inc dba Hero Games) is the publisher of the Hero System a generic roleplaying rules set that can be used to simulate many different genres and was the co-developer of the Fuzion system.
 International Transportation Service (ITS) is an American container terminal company that deals with the receipt and shipment of containerized cargo in domestic and foreign trade. ITS is owned by K Line.ITS was founded in 1971 and is located at the Port of Long Beach in Long Beach California.
 Carlsbro is a UK-based supplier of musical instrument amplification and speaker systems originally founded by Stuart and Sheila Mercer in Nottingham England in 1960. Their equipment has been used by artists such as The Beatles Mick Jagger and Oasis.The company entered administration in 2009 but has since been relaunched
 WebFilings is a privately held company based in Los Altos California and Ames Iowa that develops and markets fully integrated cloud-based solutions for business reporting teams. The WebFilings platform Wdesk powers three application clouds: compliance report and manage. Wdesk is Business Reporting Reimagined. It lets teams collaborate on complex business reports in real-time.
 Ipsos Business Consulting (IBC) is one of several boutique global business consulting firms with special focus on market analysis. It is a division of Ipsos which is the third largest research company in the world present in 84 countries. Ipsos Business Consulting does not have a Head Office but its CEO is based in Hong Kong. IBC has a presence in locations such as the USA United Kingdom United Arab Emirates and Australia but most of its offices are located in Asia.
 Roulé (translating to rolled) is a French record label that was founded in 1995 by Thomas Bangalter of Daft Punk fame. There exists a sister label called Scratché which has had only one release to date by the Buffalo Bunch (Paul de Homem-Christo and Romain Séo) who now release on the Crydamoure and We Rock Music labels.
 Magnetek Inc. is a technology company founded in 1984 and headquartered in Menomonee Falls Wisconsin and is a NASDAQ Global Market listed company. The company develops manufactures and markets digital power and motion control systems for material handling people-moving and mining applications. Its power control systems serve the needs of selected niches of traditional and emerging commercial markets that are becoming increasingly dependent on “smart” power.
 Mercer was an American automobile manufacturer from 1909 until 1925. It was notable for its high-performance cars especially the Type 35 Raceabout.
 The Atlantic City Jitney Association (ACJA) is an association of operators of minibus service in Atlantic City New Jersey providing service at all times on 3 fixed routes daytime service on a fourth fixed route and bus-to-rail connections from the Atlantic City Rail Terminal providing connections to Atlantic City Line trains. The jitney service in Atlantic City started in 1915. The type of vehicle used has changed every few years.
 Huhu Studios is an animation studio based in Warkworth New Zealand.Huhu Studios produced Turbo Dogs (co-produced with Kids CBC Smiley Guy Studios CCI Entertainment Ltd and Scholastic Media).
 Eighting Co. Ltd. (also called 8ing/Raizing Eighting/Raizing Raizing (ライジング) Eighting (エイティング) or 8ing) is a Japanese video game developer and publisher. It is known for its shoot 'em ups and its licensed fighting games.
 Shaw Media is the television broadcasting division of Shaw Communications. Shaw Media owns the Global Television Network which broadcasts via 11 television stations as well as various specialty channels including Slice HGTV Canada Showcase Food Network Canada and History.
 Empire City Subway is a company in New York City which is responsible for maintaining underground conduits in Manhattan and The Bronx and the manholes by which those conduits are accessed. The company was formed in 1891 as part of a plan for common utility ducts to consolidate all utilities underground.
 Videoville Showtime is a Canadian home video distributor founded in 1983 in Saint-Laurent Quebec. Also known as Showtime Video Distribution or VVS Video the company distributed motion pictures and animated cartoons from independent producers. In 1999 Videoville Showtime also began to release Canadian-based humour shows on VHS and DVD. The VHS catalog ended in 2004 but the DVD catalog is still working.
 Several Reasons Recordings is a record label / performance projects management based in Berlin Germany in collaboration with London Italy and Cyprus.
 Energex is an Australian electric power distribution company owned by the Government of Queensland. It is based in Brisbane and was founded in 1922 as the City Electric Light Co. (CEL).
 DNO International ASA ‘DNO’ is a Middle East and North Africa (MENA) focused oil and gas company listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. The Company holds stakes in oil and gas blocks in various stages of exploration development and production both onshore and offshore in the Kurdistan region of Iraq the Republic of Yemen the Sultanate of Oman the United Arab Emirates the Tunisian Republic and Somaliland.
 Embarq Corporation (stylized as EMBARQ) was the largest independent local exchange carrier in the United States (below the Baby Bells) serving customers in 18 states and providing local long-distance high-speed data and wireless services to residential and business customers. It had been formerly the local telephone division (LTD) of Sprint Nextel until 2006 when it was spun off as an independent company.
 Ogmios is a Lithuanian group of companies established in 1994 and concentrating on real estate business. Ogmios group is one of the 100 largest companies in Lithuania based on turnover.
 Finnmark Fylkesrederi AS or FFR is a ferry and bus operator in Finnmark Norway owned by Veolia Transport Norway. The company operates almost all public transport in the county. FFR operates 111 buses and 6 high-speed catamarans.The company was established in 1916 as a shipping company but in 1937 it also started bus bus transport. It was until 2003 owned by the county administration of Finnmark.
 Mercatus+ is an international branding agency with offices on four continents. Founded in London in 1992 as MSM it changed its name to Brand Mercatus in 2003. It employs brand directors managers and consultants to work with brand owners and custodians to deliver branding solutions. The agency owns proprietary tools such as a brand DNA programme called the Mercatus Brand Foundation System.
 Global Hospitals Group was started in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India. It now has several specialty hospitals in Bengaluru and Chennai.
 IndieGameStand is a website that offers indie games for a pay what you want model where a portion of the proceeds go to charity. However unlike similar models such as Humble Bundle the games are not offered in a bundle. Instead IndieGameStand features a new independent game every 96 hours. The developers also can choose which charity to which they wish to donate a portion of the proceeds.
 McAfee Inc./ˈmækəfiː/ doing business as Intel Security is an American global computer security software company headquartered in Santa Clara California and the world's largest dedicated security technology company. As of February 28 2011 McAfee is a wholly owned subsidiary of Intel.
 Berliner Motor Corporation was the US distributor from the 1950s through the 1980s for several European motorcycle marques including Ducati J-Be Matchless Moto Guzzi Norton Sachs and Zündapp as well as selling Metzeler tires.
 Arthas.com was a company based in the United States acquired by Yahoo! on March 23 2000. Before its acquisition it was a provider of online payment and commerce systems similar to PayPal.
 BulletProof Music (also known as Bulletboy Music) is a now-defunct independent record label that was founded in 1997. The label was owned by gray dot inc. alongside gray dot records and was distributed by Diamante Distribution.
 Equity Bank (Uganda) is a commercial bank in Uganda.
 Florida Ice and Farm Company S.A. (abbreviated as FIFCO) is a Costa Rican food and beverages company headquartered in the province of Heredia Costa Rica. It has a catalog of over 2000 products sold in over 15 countries.FIFCO is structured as a holding company with three subsidiaries: Florida Bebidas (food and beverages) Florida Capitales (investments in bottling facilities) and Florida Inmobiliaria (investments in resort hotels).
 Second Motion Records is part of Second Motion Entertainment based in Carrboro North Carolina. The Label was founded in Chapel Hill NC by Stephen Judge who is the former manager of the rock band Athenaeum (who released two albums on Atlantic Records in the mid to late 90's) as well as the former General Manager/A&R Director of Redeye Distribution and Yep Roc Records.
 Nixle is a privately held U.S. corporation that offers free and paid notification services for local police departments county emergency management offices municipal governments and their agencies. The Nixle service allows government agencies to send messages to local residents via phone email and web. Information is delivered almost instantly. In 2011 Nixle served in excess of 4600 government agencies and organizations in all 50 states.
 The MG Car Club is an international club founded in 1930 for owners and enthusiasts of MG cars. The club headquarters is based in Abingdon Oxfordshire and is located adjacent to the now defunct MG factory site where cars were produced between 1930 - 1980. The MG Car Club currently has 35000 affiliated members Worldwide and in 2010 the organisation celebrated its 80th anniversary.The MGCC is a not-for-profit organisation.
 Impellam Group plc is an employment agency for the workforce business process outsourcing (BPO) focusing on in technical professional and medical professionals part-time staffing and recruitment. The company has 22 brands in various staffing sectors and other businesses in outsourced support services and has operations in the UK USA mainland Europe Australia and New Zealand operating from over 240 different locations. Impellam is listed on the Alternative Investment Market (AIM).
 djuice (short of digital juice) is a youth based mobile phone plan from Telenor. It is currently available in Bangladesh Hungary Montenegro Norway Pakistan Sweden and Ukraine. Djuice was available in Malaysia New Zealand and Thailand. According to its website djuice has close to 12 million subscribers around the world thus making it the second largest youth based operator in the world.
 MOIL Limited (formerly Manganese Ore India Limited) is a miniratna state-owned manganese-ore mining company headquartered in Nagpur India. With a market share of 50% it was the largest producer of manganese ore in India in the fiscal year 2008. MOIL Limited has been ranked #486 among the 500 top companies in India and 9th in the Mines and Metals Sector of the Fortune India 500 list for 2011.
 Presses de la Cité is a French publishing company. In 1988 with the merger of the publishing companies Presses de la Cité and Larousse-Nathan Groupe de La Cité became the second largest publishing company in France and the tenth in the world. It was acquired by Vivendi Universal Publishing and is now part of Editis.
 21st Century Insurance is an auto insurance company and is wholly owned by the Farmers Insurance Group of Companies®. They are headquartered in Wilmington Delaware and provide private passenger auto insurance in 48 states and the District of Columbia.
 Magic Hat Brewing Company is a brewery in South Burlington Vermont. It began production in 1994 and is currently owned by Costa Rican company Florida Ice & Farm Co. It brews four year-round beers and several seasonal products and one-off batches.
 Sendo was a British manufacturer and supplier of mobile phones founded in 1998 and based in Birmingham. The company went into administration in June 2005 and its technology was bought by Motorola.The company specialised in low-cost handsets aimed primarily at the pay-as-you-go markets and also high-end Symbian smartphones.
 Trans World Entertainment Corporation is a chain of entertainment media retail stores in the United States. It currently operates just over 350 freestanding and shopping mall-based stores under several brand names.Based out of Albany New York Trans World was founded in 1972 by Robert Higgins. It opened its first store called Record Town (formerly Record Land) in 1973.
 Jämtlands Bryggeri is a microbrewery located in the small village of Pilgrimstad located in the Municipality of Bräcke in Jämtland in north western part Sweden.The brewery started brewing beer in January 1996 and is one of Sweden’s smallest breweries. The outspoken policy of the brewery is to brew beer in small quantities in order to guarantee a high quality in the production. The yearly production amounts to 750.000 liters of beer.
 Brinly-Hardy Company is an American corporation located in Jeffersonville Indiana. Brinly-Hardy designs manufactures and sells lawn care products including aerators carts lawn vac systems dethatchers sweepers broadcast spreaders sprayers and rollers; gardening equipment such as plows disc harrows and cultivators and landscaping products such as rear blades and box scrapers.
 Vadilal (Vadilal Industries Limited) (BSE: 519156  NSE: VADILALIND) From a small outlet in Ahmedabad over 80 years back Vadilal Industries Ltd has today emerged as India’s second largest ice cream player.
 T24 is an Indian cellular service provider on the GSM platform-arising out of a joint venture between Tata Teleservices Limited (TTSL) and Future Group.
 Strunal CZ a.s. is a Czech Republic music instrument manufacturer based in Luby. It was founded as the Cremona cooperative in Luby in 1946 after World War II.
 Twentieth Television (20th Television) is an American television syndication company owned by 20th Century Fox Film Corporation a division of the Fox Entertainment Group part of 21st Century Fox.
 Isotope 244 is a video game developer based in the USA. It was founded by James Bryant in 1999. Isotope 244 is best known for developing retro remakes and real-time strategy genres for both desktop and mobile devices. Isotope 244 was also a leading developer of 3D screensavers in the early 2000's. The company received several mentions for its retrogaming and real-time strategy games above all on portable platforms.
 Twisted Pictures is an American independent production company mainly creating films of the horror genre. The company was founded in 2004 by Evolution Entertainment's Mark Burg Oren Koules and Gregg Hoffman. They are best known for producing the Saw film series.
 Hertel Wax is an American company which produces ski wax snowboard wax skate wax and accessories. The company is owned by Terry Hertel and is based in Sunnyvale California.Terry Hertel founded the company in California in 1972; Hertel wax was the first producer of all-temperature ski and snowboard waxes. The company approach was to micro-encapsulate tiny water soluble surfactants into the wax. The company holds a patent on the first fluorocarbon waxes introduced in 1986.
 Musitronics often shortened to Mu-tron was a manufacturer of electronic musical effects active in the 1970s. Their product line focused on filtering and processing effects derived from synthesizer components. Among their most well-known products were the Mu-tron III envelope filter and the Bi-phase.
 Orsu Metals Corporation formerly European Minerals Corporation is involved in natural resource exploration and development. The company's primary project is the development of a (2.34 million oz gold 269 million pounds of copper) mine in Kazakhstan named Varvarinskoye.
 The Market: A Farm Fresh Supermarket was a high end concept grocery store catering specifically to urban customers. It was owned and operated by Virginia Beach Virginia-based Farm Fresh Food & Pharmacy. The Market had three locations two of which were in Norfolk Virginia and the original location in Richmond Virginia. The first store was an independently owned and operated grocery store which closed due to financial problems.
 NBAD Private Bank (Suisse) SA is a Swiss private bank located in the heart of Geneva. It provides private banking and trade finance services for private corporate and institutional clients. It is an independent and wholly owned subsidiary of the National Bank of Abu Dhabi Group (NBAD Group).
 Emco Wheaton is a supplier of fluid transfer systems that operates within the Engineered Products Group of Gardner Denver Inc. It is the largest loading and unloading arms manufacturer in the world and has representation in more than 110 countries.Founded in 1906 the organisation is divided into two operational segments Fuel Systems and Loading Systems.
 Seiko Films is a Philippine film company owned and run by Robbie Tan. It is known for its bold films of the late 1990s.
 Peguform GmbH is an automotive manufacturer headquartered in Bötzingen Germany near Freiburg im Breisgau.Peguform is a manufacturer of plastic components for car and truck applications.The corporation has about 6500 employees worldwide.
 Insurance Australia Group Limited (informally IAG) is a multinational insurance company headquartered in Sydney Australia.IAG was formed by the demutualisation of the NRMA Insurance business in July 2000 and a return of shares to the members of NRMA. According to its website NRMA Insurance Group Limited changed its name to Insurance Australia Group Limited on 15 January 2002.
 Niigata Transys Co. Ltd. (新潟トランシス株式会社) is a Japanese railway vehicle and equipment manufacturer. It is based in Chiyoda Tokyo Japan has a factory in Niigata and representative offices in Osaka Sapporo Sendai and Niigata.
 Life Sentence Records (XLSRX) was a metalcore-based record label that focused on straight edge releases.
 Intel Ireland's parent company – the giant U.S. based Intel microprocessor business – is a public company trading on the NASDAQ exchange. Intel decided in 1989 to build its European manufacturing operations in Leixlip County Kildare and formed Intel Ireland to be the holding company. The manufacturing plant manufactured its first chip in 1993. To base its European operations in Ireland Intel received over IRE£87m in grants from IDA Ireland.
 Poste italiane S.p.A. formerly a state-owned monopoly after 1998 is a public company with total Italian government control: the only shareholder is the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance.
 Powerhouse Animation Studios Inc. is an Austin Texas-based animation studio that develops and produces traditional and Flash animation for television series motion pictures video games cinemas commercials and the internet. Powerhouse also creates Flash based interactive games and applications for console games online MMORPGs and advertising.
 Modelinia is a cross-platform media brand founded by Desiree Gruber and Liane Mullin in 2009 to provide an access point for in-depth coverage of the life and work of the contemporary Supermodel.
 Beasley Broadcast Group Inc. (NASDAQ: BBGI) based in Naples Florida is an owner/operator of radio stations in the United States. As of January 2011 the company owned 17 AM stations and 28 FM stations.
 Mexicana de Autobuses S.A. or MASA was a major bus and coach manufacturer located in Mexico. Formed in 1959 it was owned by the Mexican government until being privatized in 1988. It was the country's second-largest bus manufacturer when it was acquired by Volvo in 1998 and renamed Volvo Buses de México S.A.
 MVA is a transportation planning and management consultant established in Asia since the 1970s. Its headquarters is located in Hong Kong. It operates in Hong Kong China Singapore Thailand India Vietnam Indonesia Malaysia The Philippines Australia and New Zealand. It is part of the SYSTRA group.
 Clipper Navigation Inc.
 Barrington Broadcasting Group LLC (best known as Barrington Broadcasting) headquartered in Schaumburg Illinois was an American corporation focused on broadcast television primarily in middle and small size media markets. Barrington owned or operated via duopoly twenty-four television stations with the potential to reach 3.4 percent of households in the U.S. It was owned by Pilot Group a venture capital firm.
 Tiangong International Limited (Chinese: 天工國際有限公司) (SEHK: 826) is a privately owned company engaging in the production and sales of high speed steel (HSS) and its products in China. It is the largest steel tools maker in China.It was established in 1984 in Danyang Jiangsu and was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2007.
 Troll Lord Games is an American publisher of role-playing games (based on fantasy and swords & sorcery themes) The Crusader magazine and other board/dice/card games.They are best known for the Castles & Crusades role-playing game consisting of a Player's Handbook Monsters & Treasures book as well as scores of other C&C adventure modules and accessories. They served as Gary Gygax's primary publisher from 2001–2008 publishing Lejendary Adventure Gygaxian Fantasy Worlds and other book lines.
 Regnery Publishing in Washington D.C. specializes in conservative books characterized on their website as contrary to those of 'mainstream' publishers in New York. Regnery is currently led by president Marji Ross who until served as vice-president under Al Regnery son of Henry Regnery the company's founder.Regnery has published books by authors such as former Republican Party chairman Haley Barbour Ann Coulter former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Newt Gingrich columnist Michelle Malkin commentator Robert Spencer pundit David Horowitz and Barbara Olson.
 Vodafone New Zealand is a telecommunications company operating in New Zealand; it is a subsidiary of the London-listed company Vodafone Plc. It is New Zealand's largest mobile phone operator based in Auckland and was formed in 1998 after Vodafone purchased BellSouth's New Zealand operations.
 Select Model Management is a modelling agency based in London. Founded and owned by Tandy Anderson and sisters Clare and Chrissie Castagnetti they opened the agency in 1977. It is a modelling agency in the UK with 38 top-ranked models as of 2013.In their early days Select was one of the first modelling agencies to find models by scouting them on the street. They adopted that method of recruitment to quickly establish a client list and reputation.
 Stanbic Bank (Uganda) Limited (SBU) is a commercial bank in Uganda. It is one of the commercial banks licensed by Bank of Uganda the national banking regulator.
 Valley Transit is a city bus and paratransit commission operated by the city government of Appleton Wisconsin.The system operates across the Fox Cities and serves the cities of Appleton Kaukauna Menasha and Neenah as well as the towns of Buchanan Grand Chute and Menasha; and the villages of Kimberly and Little Chute.Public transportation in the area originated with streetcar systems which operated from 1886 to 1930 when they were completely replaced by buses operated by a company called Fox River Bus Lines. 
 Stage Accompany BV is a Dutch audio electronics company currently owned by Job Rijsdijk. It was founded in 1977 by Ed Wijnker. Their primary products are loudspeakers and associated electronics. Stage Accompany produces audio equipment for the cinema studio and pro audio market.
 Indorama Ventures a.k.a. Indorama Ventures Public Company Limited is a polyester and yarn manufacturer. Indorama Ventures is headquartered in Bangkok and started its operations in 1994. It has offices in 15 countries and total of 42 manufacturing sites.Indorama founded by Indian billionaire Aloke Lohia is listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand.
 Egyptian Arts Group is a production and distribution company operating business in the Middle East and North Africa and seeks to go worldwide.
 Vizada is a worldwide satellite communications services provider which operates land earth stations that connect satellite communications to terrestrial telecommunications and IP networks. Vizada provides both mobile and fixed satellite telecommunications to a wide array of markets including merchant shipping defense and government fishing and yachting oil & gas mining and non-governmental organizations. The product offering covers maritime land and aeronautical services.
 Iconix Brand Group is an American brand management company that licenses brands to retailers and manufacturers primarily in the apparel footwear and apparel accessory industries. Its brands are available in such stores as Kohl's Kmart Sears Macy's Target and JC Penney.
 Care2 is a social network website that was founded by Randy Paynter in 1998 to help connect activists from around the world.Care2's stated mission is to help people make the world a better place by connecting them with the individuals organizations and responsible businesses making an impact.
 Platt Brothers & Co Ltd (also known as Platt Bros. of Oldham) was a British company based at Oldham in North West England. They were textile machinery manufacturers iron founders and colliery proprietors and by the end of the 19th century had become the largest textile machinery company in the world employing over 12000 workers.
 AVTECH Corp. (陞泰科技股份有限公司sheng tai ke ji gu fen you xian gong si)is a publicly listed company in Taiwan and a manufacturer of surveillance products. an AVTECH products ranging from High Definition IP camera to NVR CCTV camera and digital video recorders are designed with high surveillance technology and all made in Taiwan.
 Intersky Luftfahrt GmbH (stylized as InterSky) is an airline headquartered in Bregenz Austria operating scheduled services from its base at Friedrichshafen Airport Germany to major cities in Germany Austria and Switzerland as well as seasonal holiday flights to the Mediterranean.
 Capital One Financial Corporation is a U.S.-based bank holding company specializing in credit cards home loans auto loans banking and savings products. In terms of total assets and deposits Capital One is the eighth largest bank holding company in the United States As of 2012 The bank has 963 Capital One Bank Branches including 10 café style locations for their Capital One 360 brand and 2000 ATMs.
 Keyence Corporation (キーエンス  Kīensu) is a direct sales organization that develops and manufactures automation sensors vision systems barcode readers laser markers measuring instruments and digital microscopes.Keyence is fabless (fabrication-less) - although it is a manufacturer; it specializes solely in product planning and development and does not manufacture the final products. Keyence products are manufactured at qualified contract manufacturing companies.
 Blue Ribbon SoundWorks was a digital audio editor company in the United States. It was acquired by Microsoft on October 16 1995 and merged its technology with DirectSound. The company was also known for Bars&Pipes a series of music sequencer software packages written for the Amiga. It was founded by Melissa Jordan Grey and Todor Fay who went on to found NewBlue a video technology company.
 China Sun Group through its DLXY operating company is a large producer of cobaltosic oxide and lithium cobalt oxide both anode materials for lithium ion batteries. According to the China Battery Industry Association which conducts research of and puts forth reports on the battery industry China Sun Group has the second largest cobalt series production capacity in the People’s Republic of China.
 Vegetable and Fruit Promotion Council Keralam (VFPCK) is an ISO 9001-2000 certified company registered under section 25 of Indian Companies Act 1956 and has been established to bring about overall development of fruit and vegetable sector in Kerala. Established in 2001 as the successor organization of Kerala Horticulture Development Programme (KHDP) VFPCK is managed by a result oriented multidisciplinary team of professionals.
 Filipinas Orient Airways Inc. was founded by originally Lebanese refugee family Karam (later Caram) in the Philippines in 1964. Under Republic Act No. 4147 . FOA was granted the franchise to provide air transport service in the Philippines and between the Philippines]and other countries on June 20 1964. Despite legal opposition by Philippine Airlines .
 'GEC Plessey Telecommunications' ( 'GPT') was founded in 1988 as a telecom joint venture between 'GEC' and the historic British electronics defence and telecommunications company - 'Plessey'. A joint holding company of GEC and German conglomerate - Siemens AG acquired Plessey a year later and GPT was converted into a '60/40 GEC/Siemens joint venture'.During the mid-1990s the name GPT gradually disappeared in UK.
 NEOWIZ HOLDINGS Corporation NEOWIZ HOLDINGS is a Holdings company.Founded in 1997 NEOWIZ introduced ‘OneClick’- the world’s first instant internet access program and ‘SayClub’ – which became the standard for internet community service.
 Ebel is a famous Swiss luxury watch company founded in 1911 in La Chaux-de-Fonds Neuchâtel Switzerland by Eugene Blum and Alice Levy.
 Pan Britannica Industries Ltd (PBI) was a small (400 employees) household and agrochemical formulation company based in Waltham Abbey Stewardstone Road Waltham Cross Britannica House and with a distribution presence in Wisbech in Cambridgeshire.
 Van Dessel Sports is a racing bicycle brand based in Mendham New Jersey United States. It was founded in 2000 by Edwin Bull a former professional cyclist from Belgium. They have specialized in cyclo-cross bicycles.
 ATA Airlines (Persian: هواپیمایی آتا‎) is an airline based in Tabriz Iran. Operates scheduled domestic services and international services in the Middle East as well as charter services including Europe. Its main base is Tabriz International Airport.
 Eurogames is a publisher of board games founded in 1984 as Jeux Rexton (Rexton Games) to publish the man-to-man miniature combat game Cry Havoc and its expansions. In 1988 Duccio Vitale expanded the company to begin publishing more board games starting with six games purchased from the bankrupt Italian gaming company International Team.
 Dunelt Motorcycles was a British motorcycle and bicycle manufacturer. Based in Sheffield the business was founded by two steel makers and engineers Dunford and Elliott (Dunelt is a combination of their names) of Sheffield in 1919. Their first motorcycle was an innovative supercharged 499 cc two-stroke single. The company specialised in good quality sidecars from 1926 and a Dunelt motorcycle was first to cross the desert from Cairo to Siwa and back in 1924.
 Yizheng Chemical Fibre (simplified Chinese: 仪征化纤; traditional Chinese: 儀征化纖) full name Sinopec Yizheng Chemical Fibre Company Limited or short name Yizheng is the subsidiary company of Sinopec which is engaged in sales and production of fibres and fibre materials on Mainland China.
 EBX Group comprises six companies listed in BOVESPA’s Novo Mercado the segment that features the highest standards in corporate governance: OGX (oil) MMX (mining) OSX (offshore industry) and CCX (coal mining). These companies are controlled by the Brazilian entrepreneur Eike Batista the chairman of the EBX Group.Between 2011 and 2012 EBX Group invested US$ 15.7 billion generating 20000 jobs in the construction and operation of its enterprises.
 SBB (full legal name: Serbia Broadband - Srpske kablovske mreže d.o.o.) is the leading cable television and broadband internet service provider in Serbia.Ownership structure: Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (major shareholder) became a major share holder in October 2013 for $ 1.3 billion. EBRD - European Bank for Reconstruction and DevelopmentWith more than 700000 customers and with more than 60% network coverage. It is the dominant provider of Broadband Internet and Cable Television in Serbia.
 Cerro Verde (BVL: CVERDEC1) is a Peru-based mining company. Its activities include the extraction exploitation and production copper from the porphyry copper deposit located southeast of the city of Arequipa. In addition the company holds a copper sale agreement with Sumitomo Metal Mining as well as a molybdenum sale contract with Climax Molibdenum Marketing Corporation.
 Altoros Systems (also spelled as Altoros or Альторос) is an outsource software development company.
 Game Republic Inc. (株式会社ゲームリパブリック Kabushiki-gaisha Gēmu-Ripaburikku) was an independent video game developer based in Tokyo Japan. The company which employed just under 300 individuals before its closure was founded on July 1 2003 by Yoshiki Okamoto after he departed from successful Japanese game developer and publisher Capcom. Okamoto is seen as somewhat of a luminary in the Japanese video game industry.
 TreeHouse Foods located in Oak Brook Illinois is a multinational food processing company specializing in producing private label packaged foods. Created in 2005 and consisting entirely of acquisitions in 2010 the company had sales of 2 billion and employed over 4000 people at 20 facilities.
 Hot Wax Records was a Detroit Michigan-based record label created by producers/songwriters Holland–Dozier–Holland (Edward Holland Jr. Lamont Dozier and Brian Holland) in 1968 when they left Motown. Their records were distributed by Buddah Records.
 6GMOBILE was a Dutch telecommunications operator that declared bankruptcy in 2012. It combined mobile (GSM) fixed voice and Internet technologies into a single network. It was fully licensed and operational as a GSM operator in the Netherlands.
 Kyodo Senpaku (共同船舶 Kyōdō Senpaku) was formed in 1987 (formerly Kyodo Hogei since 1976) and is a consolidation of earlier whaling departments of Japanese fisheries. The for-profit company conducts the collection processing and wholesale of the whale byproducts on behalf of the Institute of Cetacean Research in accordance with IWC Article VIII which specifically requires the byproducts to be sold and used.
 Brookfield Incorporações is the fifth largest Brazilian homebuilder and real estate company its a subsidiary of Canadian Brookfield Asset Management.
 Flutter is a gesture recognition technology startup based in San Francisco California United States (US). Founded by Navneet Dalal and Mehul Nariyawala the company received early-stage funding from Y Combinator and was acquired by Google in October 2013.
 OJSC Stoilensky GOK is an iron ore company in Russia. Its main facility the Stoilensky Mining and Beneficiation Plant (SGОК) is located in Stary Oskol in the Belgorod region. Stoilensky is associated with Novolipetsk Steel and accounts for about 15% of Russia's iron ore production. Stoilensky GOK is listed in the MICEX and RTS exchanges in Russia.
 Tamil Nadu Minerals Limited (TAMIN) (Tamil: தமிழ் நாடு கனிம நிறுவனம் (டாமின்)) is a state-government undertaking of Government of Tamil Nadu located in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is the authority and contractor of granite and stone quarries in Tamil Nadu.
 Mashreq PSC is a financial institution in the United Arab Emirates (UAE). Mashreq is one of UAE's leading financial institutions established in 1967 during Gulf's first oil boom by Mr. Abdulla Bin Ahmad Al Ghurair. It has a growing retail presence in the region including Egypt Qatar Kuwait and Bahrain by offering a wide range of innovative products and services.Mashreq is invariably among the highest performing banks in the Region.
 Stone Brewing Co. is a craft brewery headquartered in Escondido California. Founded in 1996 in San Marcos California it is the largest brewery in Southern California. As of 2012 it was the 10th largest craft brewery in the United States and 17th largest brewery overall based on sales volume.Established in 1996 the brewery's first beer was Stone Pale Ale which the company considers to be its flagship ale.
 DeWitt Ross & Stevens is a U.S. law firm based in Madison Wisconsin. It is the largest firm in the Greater Madison Area with an office in Minneapolis Minnesota and is among the ten largest firms in the State of Wisconsin.
 For the economic feature see bank rate.Bankrate Inc. is a consumer financial services company based in North Palm Beach Florida in the United States. Bankrate.com perhaps its best known brand is a personal finance website. Other operations include NetQuote.
 él is an English independent record label founded by Mike Alway and part of Cherry Red Records.Alway who cut his teeth in the late seventies working with The Soft Boys and promoting clubs and concerts in Richmond south-west London joined Cherry Red Records in 1980 to work alongside the company's founder Iain McNay.
 Aircraft Sales and Parts (ASAP) is an American kit aircraft and parts manufacturer originally founded based in Vernon British Columbia and moved to Sealy Texas in 2013.ASAP produces a line of single and two place ultralight kit aircraft powered parachutes and parts though the parent company and also through its divisions Summit Powered Parachutes Steel Breeze Powered Parachutes ppccanopies.com and ulparts.com.
 Lock Stock and Barrel Records (LSB) are a UK-based independent record label owned by Catherine Feeney Nikki Lamborn and Terence Disdale
 Le Tigre is an American brand of apparel designed to rival Lacoste in styling. First offered in 1977 Le Tigre polos sported a leaping tiger in lieu of Lacoste's signature crocodile and Retro Fox's leaping fox. The brand made a comeback in 2003 after being out of production through the 1990s. Le Tigre had become popular during the later 1980s; celebrities from Wilt Chamberlain LL Cool J and even Ronald Reagan were seen wearing the tiger. The company is based in New York City.
 British American Tobacco plc (informally BAT) is a British multinational tobacco company headquartered in London United Kingdom. It is the world’s second-largest tobacco company by sales (after Altria Group the former Philip Morris International).BAT has a market-leading position in over 50 countries and operations in around 180 countries.
 Wang Laboratories was a computer company founded in 1951 by Dr. An Wang and Dr. G. Y. Chu. The company was successively headquartered in Cambridge Massachusetts (1954–1963) Tewksbury Massachusetts (1963–1976) and finally in Lowell Massachusetts (1976–1997). At its peak in the 1980s Wang Laboratories had annual revenues of $3 billion and employed over 33000 people. It was one of the leading companies during the time of the Massachusetts Miracle.[1]The company was always directed by Dr.
 Golden Bear Products Ltd. was formed in 1979 by John Hales and Christine Nicholls. Golden Bear operates from its headquarters in Telford Shropshire and opened an office in Hong Kong in 2001.
 Cerveceria Nacional Dominicana (CND) is the primary beer producer in the Dominican Republic the company is owned by AmBev and Grupo León Jimenes. It was founded in 1929 by the American entrepreneur Charles H. Wanzer. It was the first brewery in the Dominican Republic and the largest in the Antilles and Central America with sales of 3.8 million hectoliters.
 Aaron Marcus and Associates Inc. (AM+A) is a user interface development firm for mobile Web desktop and vehicle applications in consumer and professional products/services. AM+A provides design solutions for international enterprises and start-ups on projects ranging from consumer products to professional tools to executive marketing presentations.
 Petrojack is a Norwegian offshore drilling rig operator. The company has two jackup rigs under order from Jurong Shipyard in Singapore while it sold its two former rigs Petrojack I and Petrojack III to Maersk Drilling. The company was founded in 2004 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange the next year. The largest shareholders are Petrolia Drilling (40%) Awilco Offshore (18%) and Sinvest (18%).
 Knutsen OAS Shipping is a privately owned shipping company located in Haugesund Norway. The company has a fleet of purpose-built shuttle tankers chemical carriers and product tankers world wide. The fleet consists of 41 shuttle tankers chemical carriers and product tankers. In 2009 the company had an onshore staff of 64 to handle projects and operation of the fleet 430 administrative employees offshore and about 800 foreign employees
 Agence et Messageries Aérienne du Zaïre (AMAZ) formerly Agence et Messageries Aérienne du Congo (AMAC) was a Zairean airline. It had its headquarters at Aérodrome de N'Dolo in Kinshasa. The carrier was formed in the 1960s to take over some services flown by Cogeair and provided feeder services to Air Zaïre. It ceased operations in the late 1970s.
 Rune Grammofon is a Norwegian record label founded in 1998 by Rune Kristoffersen. Rune Grammofon's reputation for lovingly issued experimental electronic music jazz and improvised music by Norwegian artists has grown over the years with its artists being featured heavily in magazines such as The Wire and Plan B.The label is home to the widely respected improvisational group Supersilent as well as the solo work of its members including Deathprod and Arve Henriksen.
 Jahtari is a Netlabel founded in 2004 by Jan Gleichmar aka disrupt. Unlike most netlabels it focuses on the dub and reggae music genres with an electronic music approach which it calls digital laptop reggae.
 Guerilla Tea Games Limited is an independent game developer based in Dundee Scotland. The company is focused on the mobile and casual market and is interested in utilising video games design and technology within other areas of study.Guerilla Tea developed Play to Cure: Genes in Space in conjunction with Cancer Research UK; a world first game in which players analyse genetic data by playing the game.
 VL Automotive is a small American-based automotive company founded by Bob Lutz and Gilbert Villarreal. VL came to public attention in 2013 when it displayed the Destino its first model at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit.
 Proginet Corporation which was acquired by Tibco Software in 2010 was a systems management software company. It is best known for having developed a breakthrough product in the late 1980s called XCOM which allowed companies to manage the process of moving bulk data between 26 different computer operating systems. In the early 1990s the company's rights in XCOM were sold to its distributor which was itself later acquired by CA-Inc.
 SWERN (The South West England Regional Network) is one of the regional networks that make up Janet the UK's research and education network. SWERN is owned and operated by the universities of Plymouth Exeter Bristol Bath and the West of England and also provides high speed connections to the other South West Higher Education Institutions (HEIs).
 Jun Group is an advertising company founded in December 2005 by Mitchell Reichgut. The company focuses on avoiding ad gimmicks that tend to annoy consumers such as pop-unders and autoplaying video ads. A large part of their business is serving video ads to online games rewarding players who watch with in-game currency.In January 2014 Jun Group received $2.5 million USD in debt financing from Western Technology Investment.
 Hagar is an Icelandic corporation of Baugur Group. Hagar owns retailer and wholesale companies in Iceland Sweden and Denmark. Each of Hagar's companies is run individually.
 Black Duck Software is a private company based in Burlington Massachusetts USA. Black Duck Software is a provider of consulting and software for enabling enterprise adoption of open source software (OSS).
 Piper Aircraft Inc. is a manufacturer of general aviation aircraft located at the Vero Beach Municipal Airport in Vero Beach Florida United States and owned by the Government of Brunei. Along with Beechcraft and Cessna it was at one time considered one of the Big Three in the field of general aviation manufacturing.Between its founding in 1927 and the end of 2009 the company had produced 144000 aircraft in 160 certified models of which 90000 are still flying.
 Fibabanka A.Ş. is a private bank in Turkey established through the acquisition of the Turkish arm of Millennium Banco Comercial Português known as Millennium Bank A.Ş. by the prominent Turkish businessman Hüsnü Özyeğin in 2010.
 Bao Viet (also Bao Viet Holdings Vietnamese: Tập đoàn Tài chính-Bảo hiểm Bảo Việt) is the largest Vietnamese insurance company and Vietnam's seventh largest listed company by market capitalisation. It is state-owned and has a strategic partnership with HSBC which also holds 18% of Bao Viet's shares. HSBC is however soon to be replaced by Sumitomo Life. Besides various insurance products Bao Viet has diversified into stock market trading fond management and real estate.
 Windsor Vineyards is a winery located in Windsor California USA.Founded in 1959 in Tiburon California by winemaker Rodney Strong Windsor Vineyards has been referred to as a pioneer in the direct-to-consumer wine business and remains one of the largest direct-to-consumer wineries in the United States.
 Chandler & Price was founded in 1881 in Cleveland Ohio by Harrison T. Chandler and William H. Price. They manufactured machinery for printers including a series of hand-fed platen jobbing presses as well as an automatic feeder for these presses (the Rice Feeder) paper cutters book presses and assorted equipment.
 TrimTabs Investment Research Inc. is an independent investment research firm based in Sausalito California.
 The China National Aviation Corporation (CNAC) is a fully owned subsidiary of the state owned aviation holding company China National Aviation Holding in the People's Republic of China possessing a majority of Air China and Air Macau. Prior to the establishment of the People's Republic of China in 1949 it was a major airline in the Republic of China.
 LIAT (1974) LTD operating as Leeward Islands Air Transport or LIAT is an airline headquartered on the grounds of V. C. Bird International Airport in Antigua. It operates high-frequency inter-island scheduled services serving 21 destinations in the Caribbean. The airline's main base is VC Bird International Airport Antigua and Barbuda with bases at Grantley Adams International Airport Barbados and Piarco International Airport Trinidad and Tobago.
 Western Gas Resources is a Fortune 1000 company based in Denver Colorado and founded in 1971. Western is an independent natural gas explorer producer gatherer processor transporter and energy marketer.WGR was acquired by Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (NYSE: APC) in June 2006.
 Chilton Aircraft Ltd was a British aircraft design and manufacturing company of the late 1930s and 1940s.
 Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha (BSS) (Bengali: বাংলাদেশ সংবাদ সংস্থা (বাসস) Bangladesh Shôngbad Shôngstha) is a National news agency of Bangladesh. It was established on January 1 1972 by government order within days of birth of Bangladesh as an independent country.
 Wienerschnitzel is an American fast food chain founded in 1961 (as Der Wienerschnitzel) that specializes in hot dogs but is currently expanding to other items. Wienerschnitzel locations are found predominantly in California and Texas though others are located in Arizona Colorado Illinois Louisiana New Mexico Nevada Utah and Washington state. There is also a store in Guam.
 Agrobank formerly known as Bank Pertanian Malaysia is an institution which provides holistic financial services and banking facilities such as savings activities banking services loan facilities insurance coverage and advisory services. It is a Government-linked-Company (GLC) under the Minister of Finance Incorporated (MFI) with 176 branches in 14 states of Malaysia (as at 25 October 2011).
 Connex Melbourne was a wholly owned subsidiary of Veolia Environnement which had a franchise from the State Government of Victoria to operate all suburban passenger rail services in Melbourne Victoria Australia. In August 2007 Connex's contract was extended until November 2009.
 Roc Books is a fantasy imprint of Penguin Group as part of its New American Library. It was launched in April 1990 after Penguin Chairman Peter Mayer asked John Silbersack the editor in chief of New American Library's science-fiction program to launch a new imprint that would draw more attention to Penguin's SF presence. The name Roc Books was chosen as a homage to Penguin's many famous bird-named publishing imprints. Roc was named after the enormous predatory bird of the Arabian Nights.
 American Biotech Labs LLC. is a privately held silver nanotechnology company that is based in Alpine Utah.LLC (ABL) was formed in 1998 with a mission to create documentable stable and powerful nanosilver products. It is a three time recipient of the Best of State award for Medical Innovation.
 Limacorporate spa is an Italian multinational in orthopaedics and traumatology.Lima Corporate is a privately owned company which for over 60 years has been present in the medical field with implantable prostheses for knee hip shoulder and small joints arthroplasty.
 Carry Lab (キャリーラボ Kyarī Rabo) is a defunct Japanese software house. Thanks to the efforts of entrepreneur and computer engineer Yoichiro Hirano the company evolved from the MyCon Club into a real business in 1981. As Carry Lab the company developed popular word processing software and computer and video games. They also ported popular Taito titles such as Chack'n Pop to Japanese computers.
 RAIDIX is a family of software products for professional SAN and NAS storage systems. RAIDIX supports InfiniBand iSCSI and FibreChannel interfaces and transforms the standard x64 server hardware into a storage solution. Raidix LLC was founded in 2009.
 Time Warner Inc. (formerly AOL Time Warner stylized as TimeWarner) is an American multinational media corporation headquartered in the Time Warner Center in New York City. As of mid-2010 it was the world's second largest media and entertainment conglomerate in terms of revenue (behind The Walt Disney Company) as well as the world's largest media conglomerate.Two formerly separate companies Warner Communications Inc. and Time Inc.
 Wordscraper is a Scrabble-style word game available as a Facebook application. It was created by the Agarwalla brothers Rajat and Jayant creators of Scrabulous and differs from Scrabble by having no fixed board design or tile distribution instead prompting the user to choose their own.Wordscraper was reportedly released in response to a DMCA action against Scrabulous by Hasbro. It has been online since January 2008.
 The Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA) is an American organization which combats muscular dystrophy and diseases of the nervous system and muscular system in general by funding research providing medical and community services and educating health professionals and the general public.
 Silego Technology Inc. is a Silicon Valley-based fabless semiconductor company which designs and sells highly configurable power logic and timing mixed signal IC products referred to as CMICs (Configurable Mixed-signal Integrated Circuit Products). Silego was ranked the second fastest growing semiconductor company in North America at the 2011 Deloitte Technology Fast 500 event held in Menlo Park California.
 Dunlop Sport is a division of Pacific Brands of Australia. The company is not connected to Sports Direct which owns rights to the Dunlop brand outside Australia and New Zealand.Dunlop Australia first manufactured sandshoes in 1924. In 1939 the company introduced the Dunlop Volley shoe which is still manufactured.Dunlop Australia acquired many other shoe businesses including some in the US.
 The Anschutz Entertainment Group (AEG) is an American worldwide sporting and music entertainment presenter and a subsidiary of The Anschutz Corporation. It is the world's largest owner of sports teams and sports events the owner of the world’s most profitable sports and entertainment venues and under AEG Live the world's second largest presenter of live music and entertainment events (after Live Nation). AEG Live was started in 2002.
 Taste is a chain supermarket in Hong Kong owned by AS Watson a wholly owned subsidiary of Hutchison Whampoa Limited. It began the first branch in Festival Walk Kowloon Tong in 2004 but most of the branches are opened based on the re-decoration of Park'n Shop Taste's sister company. Its main customers are middle-class families. Its retail products are similar to those in Park'n Shop and Great.
 Talkback is a division of the television production company FremantleMedia. It was established as an independent production company in 1981 by Mel Smith and Griff Rhys Jones.
 Sunland Group Limited (ASX: SDG) is an Australian development company headquartered in South East Queensland Australia. The company was founded in 1983 by Iranian Australian businessman Soheil Abedian with the creation of the tallest residential over commercial building in the Southern hemisphere.
 Duple Metsec is a former bus bodywork builder based in West Midlands of the United Kingdom which usually supplied body kits for assembly overseas.It was originated from the bus body manufacturing business of Metal Sections (known as TI Metsec in late 1970s now known as Metsec plc). Metal Sections as the name suggests produced prefabricated sections of metal for customers for a variety of products.
 AleSmith Brewing Company is an American craft brewery founded in 1995 by Skip Virgilio and Ted Newcomb in San Diego California. In 2002 the brewery was purchased by the company's brewmaster Peter Zien. Zien is a BJCP Grand Master level 1 beer judge the only one in San Diego County. AleSmith produces a variety of beers many of which have high alcohol content and are strongly hopped beers.
 Reach Global Services Ltd. is a subsidiary of Telstra International. Reach headquartered in Hong Kong has interests in more than 40 submarine cables (including AJC APCN2 CUCN Japan–US RNAL SEA-ME-WE 3) and international satellite systems mainly servicing the Asia Pacific area. Reach has operating licences and landing rights in most major markets including Hong Kong Japan Korea Taiwan Singapore Australia North America and Europe.
 Louis Chenard was a French producer of automobiles making cars at Colombes near Paris from 1920 till 1932. Louis Chenard was always a relatively low volume manufacturer. Engines were bought in mostly from Chapuis-Dornier.There is no connection between Louis Chenard and the larger better remembered Chenard & Walcker company.
 Roc-La-Familia was an international record label founded by Shawn Jay-Z Carter. This sub-label focused on signing international artists including reggaeton artists much like Bad Boy Latino. OG Juan Perez was appointed the president of the label and Cipha Sounds was the senior vice president (until he got a job at MTV in 2006). Roc La Familia was an extension of Roc-A-Fella Records and headquartered in New York.
 Cevital spa is a major Algerian manufacturer of food products created by Issad Rebrab. The company specializes in food industry. The company's headquarters are in Béjaïa. Cevital is a founding member of the Desertec project. The company's earnings in 2009 were U$S 3589 million.
 The Siegel Group Nevada Inc is a diverse company based in Paradise Nevada and Studio City California. It owns and operates Boutique Hotels Hotel Casinos Restaurants Apartments Bars Office Buildings Retail Franchises Shopping Centers and the like.
 SPI Cinemas is an Indian multiplex chain and film production company owned by the SPI Group headquartered in Chennai. It operates multiplexes in Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh. Originally called Sathyam Cinemas it was later renamed SPI Cinemas as it introduced several other multiplexes. SPI has often been lauded for its premium quality and inexpensive pricing.
 Vino 100 is a franchise found throughout North America that focuses on boutique wines wine education cigars and some small-batch scotch and other spirits. Vino 100 LLC is an affiliate of TinderBox International.
 Not to be confused with Malaysian gas company Petronas.
 XBee is the brand name from Digi International for a family of form factor compatible radio modules. The first XBee radios were introduced under the MaxStream brand in 2005 and were based on the 802.15.4-2003 standard designed for point-to-point and star communications at over-the-air baud rates of 250 kbit/s.Two models were initially introduced—a lower cost 1 mW XBee and the higher power 100 mW XBee-PRO.
 Border Breweries (Wrexham) Ltd was a brewery firm formerly based in Wrexham Wales which at its peak was a significant element of the Welsh brewing industry.In its various incarnations the company operated over a 150 year period between 1834 and 1984.
 Paessler AG develops and sells network management and network monitoring software. The company was founded by CEO Dirk Paessler in 1997 and offers freeware and commercial software for system administrators.
 Marusho Motor Co. Ltd. (丸正自動車製造株式会社 marushō jidōsha seizō kabushiki gaisha) was a company that manufactured motorcycles from 1948 to 1967. The company's Lilac model motorcycle was recognized by the Society of Automotive Engineers of Japan (Japanese) who include the 1950 Marusho Lilac ML as one of their 240 Landmarks of Japanese Automotive Technology.
 Not to be confused with Tom Walkinshaw Racing Tom Walkinshaw's previous motorsport organisation. Walkinshaw Performance is an automotive company involved in motor racing and the production of high performance sporting cars for regular road use.
 Four Walls Eight Windows was an independent book publisher in New York City. Its debut occurred in the fall of 1987 under the direction of two young editors John G. H. Oakes and Daniel Simon (Simon had previously had an imprint under the same name at Writers and Readers Publishing.) In 1995 Oakes and Simon parted ways. Oakes remained as publisher and Simon went on to found Seven Stories Press. In 2004 Four Walls Eight Windows was acquired by the Avalon Publishing Group.
 Limagrain is an international agricultural co-operative group specialized in field seeds vegetable seeds and cereal products. Founded and managed by French farmers Limagrain is the 4th largest seed company in the world through its holding Vilmorin & Cie European leader for functional flours through Limagrain Céréales Ingrédients and 2nd largest French industrial producer of both bread and pastries through Jacquet-Brossard.
 Apatin Brewery (Serbian: Apatinska pivara / Апатинска пивара) is a member of the Molson Coors Europe based in Apatin. The American company Molson Coors bought the StarBev company previously owned by the CVC fund for 2.65 billion euros (3.54 billion dollars). This way “Molson Coors” took over the regional brewing group Starbev as part of which Apatinska Pivara in Serbia has been operating.
 The Department of Electrical Services (DES; Malay: Jabatan Perkhidmatan Elektrik) is an electric utility company in Brunei responsible for the generation transmission and distribution of electricity to end users.
 Primerica Inc. (NYSE: PRI) is a distributor of financial services and sells products through representatives in the United States Canada Puerto Rico and Guam. As of 2011 it was the largest independent financial services marketing organization in North America with 90000 representatives.On March 15 2013 the company moved to its new international headquarters at 1 Primerica Parkway Duluth Georgia.Primerica conducts business principally in the United States Canada and Puerto Rico.
 PrimeTel PLC is a Cyprus telecommunications holding company that offers and develops Voice Data and Video services. The company owns and operates a truly regional network spanning across Cyprus Germany Greece Russia and the United Kingdom providing city-to-city connectivity data communications fiber optic fixed network infrastructure and IP-based services between key European and Middle East markets.
 Joseph Fauchier (1687-1751) was a manufacturer of faïence a form of glazed pottery in Marseille France.The family firm was in business from 1710 until 1795.
 Einstein Bros. Bagels is a bagel and coffee chain in the United States. As of 2012 there were 773 restaurants with the Einstein Bros. name.Einstein Bros. was created by a chain restaurant corporation Boston Chicken (now Boston Market) in 1995 as a way to market breakfast foods.
 Advanced Mobile Phone Service Inc. was a subsidiary of AT&T prior to the Bell System Divestiture. Abbreviated AMPS the company was created in 1978 to build and operate the new Advanced Mobile Phone System also abbreviated AMPS. AMPS was developed by Bell Labs to replace older severely limited radiophone services such as IMTS.
 Hârn is a campaign setting for fantasy role-playing games designed by N. Robin Crossby and originally published by Columbia Games in 1983. In 2003 Crossby claimed that the contract between him and CGI had ended. An acrimonious disagreement ensued.[citation needed]In the meantime Crossby founded Kelestia Productions (KP) an electronic publishing e-company.
 Havelsan is a Turkish software and systems company having business presence in the defence and IT sectors. It is headquartered in Ankara Turkey with subsidiary companies and offices around Turkey and abroad.
 Silja Line is a Finnish cruiseferry brand operated by the Estonian ferry company AS Tallink Grupp for car and passenger traffic between Finland and Sweden. The former company Silja Oy – today Tallink Silja Oy – is a subsidiary of Tallink Grupp handling marketing and sales for Tallink and Silja Line brands in Finland as well as managing Tallink Silja's ship employees. Another subsidiary Tallink Silja AB handles marketing and sales in Sweden.
 Odfjell is a Norwegian shipping company operating seven tank terminals and 96 parcel tankers. The company has its headquarters in Bergen Norway and is listed on Oslo Stock Exchange.
 Emerson Knives Inc. is a production knife company founded in 1996 by custom knifemaker Ernest Emerson in an effort to mass produce his folding knife designs for the US Military and collector markets.
 Éditions Mille-Îles is a Canadian French-language publisher of comics founded in 1988.
 IWanTV! iWant TV! is a Philippine video-on-demand and livestreaming service owned by ABS-CBN. It features TV shows from ABS-CBN and ABS-CBN Sports and Action as well as cable channels such as DZMM Teleradyo and ANC. The service is available to users in the Philippines and is free of charge.
 Savoy Records is an American record label specializing in jazz black gospel soul/R&B and blues. Starting in the mid-1940s Savoy played an important part in popularizing the jazz subgenre of bebop.
 BioLegend is a global developer and manufacturer of antibodies and reagents used in biomedical research located in San Diego California. It was incorporated in June 2002 and has since expanded to include BioLegend Japan KK where it is partnered with Tomy Digital Biology Co. Ltd. in Tokyo BioLegend Europe in the United Kingdom BioLegend GmbH in Germany and BioLegend UK Ltd in the United Kingdom.
 Bettanin & Venturi is an Italian family and artisan company that manufactures exclusive luxury men's shoes. Founded by Giuseppe Bettanin and Gianna Venturi in 1994 Bettanin & Venturi's workshop is located in Vigasio in the Province of Verona (Italy).It is known for very refined leather colorings. The brand has a limited distribution in the world: in the United States it is an exclusive of Barneys New York.
 Turkish Bank Group is a Banking corporation established during 1901 as the Nicosia Savings Box in Cyprus assisted businesses by providing capital and financial support for local tradesmen. Supervised by the custodian Hacı İbrahim Efendi and led by an established businessman of the area Mufti Hafiz Ziyai Efendi.By 1925 it had been turned into a savings bank and by 1974 (as Türk Bankası Ltd./Turkish Bank Ltd.) established branches in London.
 VascoDe Technologies is a company that develops software which enables simple mobile phones to access smart phone capabilities and applications.
 Opus Capital is a venture capital firm focusing on early stage investments in Information Technology in the United States and Israel.Opus Capital has more than $1 billion under management and is currently investing from its sixth fund. Over the past three decades — since the firm's roots at Weiss Peck & Greer Venture Partners — the firm has been involved in more than 80 successful outcomes including 50 IPOs.
 Thwaites Brewery is a regional brewery founded in 1807 by Daniel Thwaites in Blackburn Lancashire England. The firm still operates from its original town centre site. A variety of cask ales draught beers lagers and ciders are produced in Blackburn or imported from Europe by Thwaites. In 1999 the Mitchell brewery in Lancaster closed down and was bought in part by Thwaites. Lancaster Bomber has since been available from Thwaites public houses after being acquired in the takeover.
 Terabeam was a formerly Kirkland Washington-based company that designed and manufactured free-space optical transceivers for Internet access in city downtowns. Through a series of acquisitions and reverse acquisitions in 2004 the company headquarters moved to San Jose California and Terabeam ended up as the parent company of Proxim Wireless and Ricochet.
 Palgrave Macmillan is an international academic and trade publishing company. Its programme includes textbooks journals monographs professional and reference works in print and online.Palgrave Macmillan was created in 2000 when St. Martin's Press Scholarly and Reference in the USA united with Macmillan Publishers in the UK to combine their worldwide academic publishing operations. The company was known as simply Palgrave until 2002 but has since been known as Palgrave Macmillan.
 HitBliss is an online service that consists of two applications: HitBliss Store and HitBliss Earn. In HitBliss Earn users opt in and select targeted ads to consume on their own schedule. In exchange for their verified time and attention users earn real cash. Earned-cash can be used to purchase entertainment (e.g. movies TV episodes and Pandora One Subscriptions) via the HitBliss Store application.
 PocketBook is a multinational company which produces e-book readers based on E Ink technology (an electronic paper technology) as well as multimedia readers and Android-based tablet computers under the PocketBook brand.The company was founded in 2007 in Ukraine and its headquarters is located at Lugano in Switzerland.PocketBook is the 4th largest global manufacturer of e-book readers. The development of PocketBook devices is performed by Obreey Products.
 Adcock Ingram is a South African pharmaceutical company. The company is divided into two divisions its pharmaceutical business and its health care business with a market capitalisation of about R9 billion.Adcock Ingram was bought out by Tiger Brands in 1999 but was unbundled from Tiger Brands and re-listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange after alleged anti-competitive practices in April 2008.
 Liquitex is a brand of artist materials focusing exclusively on the development manufacture and distribution of acrylic paints. In 1955 the company known as Permanent Pigments founded by Henry Levinson created the first water-based acrylic paint along with the first acrylic gesso. At this time Levinson reorganized the company as Liquitex. In 1956 the company developed colored liquid acrylic paints. Liquitex offers the widest acrylic paint product line in the world.
 Skylark Foods Limited is a subsidiary of Skylark group an Indian company that specialises in chicken and meat processing and poultry products for poultry usage. It holds the same position in North India as Venky's holds in South India.
 Grand Sport is a Thai sports equipment company established in 1961 as a retailer in sportswear and sporting goods is one of the leading brand name in Thailand.
 Science Exchange is an online service that allows scientists to outsource their research to scientific institutions such as university facilities or commercial contract research organizations. The online science marketplace was founded in 2011 by Elizabeth Iorns Ryan Abbott and Dan Knox and is located in Palo Alto California. Science Exchange took part in the startup accelerator program Y Combinator in the summer of 2011.
 Trenitalia is the primary train operator in Italy. Trenitalia is owned by Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane itself owned by the Italian Government. It was created in the year 2000 following the EU directive on the deregulation of rail transport.
 Bill Blass Limited is a fashion house founded by American designer Bill Blass. Among its honors were seven Coty Awards and the Fashion Institute of Technology's Lifetime Achievement Award awarded to designer Bill Blass in 1999.
 Thales Air Defence Limited formerly Shorts Missile Systems is a defence contractor based in Belfast Northern Ireland producing short-range or close air defence missiles. The company has a turnover of approximately £70m and pre-tax profits of £7m.Shorts Missile Systems (SMS) was established as a joint venture between Shorts' owners Bombardier and Thomson-CSF in 1993. In 2000 Thomson-CSF bought Bombardier's 50% share to become the sole owner.
 TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company referred to as TGS and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange was founded by a 1998 merger of TGS (Tomlinson Geophysical Services Inc.) Calibre Geophysical Co. Inc (founded 1981) and NOPEC (NOrwegian Petroleum Exploration Consultants) International ASA founded in 1981.TGS provides multi-client geoscience data to oil and gas exploration and production companies worldwide.
 Ulster Bank is a large commercial bank and one of the traditional Big Four Irish banks. The Ulster Bank Group is subdivided into two separate legal entities Ulster Bank Limited (UBL – registered in Northern Ireland) and Ulster Bank Ireland Limited (UBIL – registered in the Republic of Ireland).
 Duchamp is a British men's clothing accessories company founded in 1989.
 The Hygenic Corporation manufactures synthetic and natural rubber products and is headquartered in Akron Ohio a municipality roughly 35 miles south of Cleveland. The company produces latex cloth for latex clothing rubber tubing cord and bulk sheeting. They also manufacture the Thera-Band progressive exercise system and Biofreeze. The Hygenic Corporation was founded in 1925 by Walter P. Keith.
 Snakk Media (NZX: SNK ) is a mobile advertising company founded by Derek Handley and Andrew Jacobs in 2010. Snakk Media listed on the New Zealand Exchange in March 2013.
 Dacapo Records is a Danish classical music record label. It was founded in 1986 to promote the classical music of Denmark and represents itself as the Danish National label (Danmarks nationale pladeselskab). The board includes university and Danish Radio appointees. Dacapo's publications have included several large recording projects in particular - the Danmarks Nationale Musikantologi and Den danske sangskat (Treasury of Danish Songs).
 The Los Angeles County Bar Association (LACBA) is a voluntary bar association with more than 21000 members throughout Los Angeles California and the world. Founded in 1878 LACBA's goal has been to meet the professional needs of lawyers advance the administration of justice and serve the public regarding access to justice.On January 18 2012 LACBA participated in a rally in downtown Los Angeles to support adequate court funding.
 Olympic Steel Inc. is a steel processor with major production operations in the United States. The company has seventeen facilities throughout the eastern-half of the United States. It became a public company following an IPO in 1994. Olympic sells processes stores and trades flat-rolled steel in the United States and other countries.
 Saru Brunei is a video game development company that works in partnership with Nintendo. Saru Brunei was a part of Marigul Management. Saru Brunei is headed up by former Nintendo game designer Gento Matsumoto. Matsumoto was Shigeru Miyamoto's right-hand man for 15 years. Saru Brunei was defunct as Marigul was liquidated in May 2003.
 Directi is an Internet domain name registrar company founded in 1998 by Bhavin Turakhia and Divyank Turakhia. Directi is the first ICANN accredited registrar in India. The head office of Directi is in Mumbai India with subdivision offices in Delhi and Bangalore; Xiamen China; Ras al Khaimah UAE; and in Queensland Australia.Directi is valued at over $300 million.
 MiTAC International Corp. (TWSE: 2315) (神達電腦股份有限公司) is a Taiwan electronics company established December 8 1982. It is a subsidiary of MiTAC Inc. (神通電腦股份有限公司). Through a 100% stock swap from MiTAC International Corp. MiTAC Holdings Corp(神達投資控股) was established on September 12 2013 and listed and traded on Taiwan Stock Exchange under code 3706.
 Samsung R&D Institute Delhi (SRI - Delhi) earlier known as Samsung India Software Center was set up as a 11th Software R & D Center for Samsung Electronics located in Noida . It was established in October 2002. Samsung carries out its R&D activities in India through SRI-Delhi and SRI - Bangalore .
 The Movie Booth is a company that owns and operates DVD rental kiosks. The company is based in Cheltenham and is a privately owned business.Each interactive kiosk holds 621 DVDs consisting of new release and classic titles along with options to rent games and sell movies. To rent a movie [1] customers choose their title on the touch screen insert their credit/debit card and the machine the dispenses the movie(s) [2].
 Telmé Clothing a New Jersey-based apparel company was created by Kevin Shane a graduate of Babson College and The Peddie School.
 NBBJ is a global architecture planning and design firm with offices in Beijing Boston Columbus London Los Angeles New York Pune San Francisco Seattle and Shanghai. NBBJ provides services in architecture interiors planning and urban design branding consulting landscape design and lighting. The firm is involved in multiple markets and building types including: civic corporate commercial healthcare higher education science sports and transportation.
 GoldVish S.A. is a Swiss manufacturer of premium luxury mobile phones. The company is specialized in combining high-end technology and Swiss craftsmanship.
 Ensign Manufacturing Company founded as Ensign Car Works in 1872 was a railroad car manufacturing company based in Huntington West Virginia. In the 1880s and 1890s Ensign's production of wood freight cars made the company of the three largest sawmill operators in Cabell County. In 1899 Ensign and twelve other companies were merged to form American Car and Foundry Company.
 Red Owl was a grocery store chain in the United States headquartered in Hopkins Minnesota. Founded in 1922 it was initially owned and operated by a private investment firm affiliated with General Mills and purchased in 1968 by Gamble-Skogmo.
 Swan Song Records was a record label launched by the English rock band Led Zeppelin on 10 May 1974. It was overseen by Led Zeppelin's manager Peter Grant and was a vehicle for the band to promote its own products as well as sign artists who found it difficult to win contracts with other major labels. The decision to launch the label came after Led Zeppelin's five-year contract with Atlantic Records expired at the end of 1973.
 Not to be confused with the former Indian carrier Alliance Air and Alliance Air (Uganda)Alliance Airlines is an air charter company providing fly-in fly-out (FIFO) transportation to the mining and energy sector. The company owns and operates a fleet of Fokker jet and turboprop aircraft out of Brisbane Adelaide Townsville Cairns Melbourne and Perth with an operating base currently under establishment in Darwin.
 SugarDVD is the largest renter of adult DVDs online. Initially SugarDVD's services were limited to flat-rate membership-based DVD-by-mail but since its creation in 2002 the company has developed websites in several different areas of the adult industry. SugarDVD maintains its position in the adult rental market shipping out millions of movies all over the world each year. The company is based in Santa Ana CA with multiple shipping centers across the country.
 TeleComputing (OSE: TCO) is a Norway-based international information technology operation outsourcing and consultancy service company that provides services in Norway Russia and Sweden including IT on demand and software as a service services.
 La Banque Centrale Populaire is a major bank in Morocco.The bank maintains overseas offices in Germany England Canada Spain France Gibraltar Netherlands and Belgium. [1]The bank's name is abbreviated to BCP.As of 2012 the bank's market share of customer deposits in Morocco was 27.9 percent. This translates to customer deposits of 204.9 billion dirhams (1H2013). The number of employees in the bank at the end of 2012 was 11878.
 Founded in 1996 by Jeff Antebi Waxploitation is a record company artist management company and music publisher.The company is best known for developing the careers of artists including Gnarls Barkley Broken Bells and Danger Mouse as well as projects like Danger Doom with MF DOOM Rome with Jack White and Norah Jones and Dark Night of the Soul with David Lynch and Sparklehorse.Waxploitation managed Danger Mouse's producing career from 2004 to 2010 an era during which he produced albums by The Black Keys Beck and Gorillaz as well as the infamous Grey Album.In addition to creative ventures Waxploitation has a longstanding commitment to philanthropy including their ongoing Causes album series has included songs from The Shins LCD Soundsystem Diplo Death Cab for Cutie Bloc Party Devendra Banhart The Decemberists Sharon Jones & Dap Kings among many more.In 2012 Waxploitation Records began releasing albums by Electronic Latin American artists through a joint venture with the ZZK label with artists including La Yegros Chancha Via Circuito and Mati Zundel as well as the critically acclaimed Future Sounds of Buenos Aires compilation. 
 Cabot Cabot & Forbes was founded by Francis Murray Forbes in 1897 as a real estate management firm. It is one of Boston's largest firms in that industry. with interests on a nationwide basis.Notable American business leaders who have worked at this firm:Mortimer ZuckermanGerald BlakeleyEdward H. LindeCharles H. Spaulding founder of Spaulding & Slye↑ ↑
 Prospect Equities is a Chicago-based real estate brokerage and franchise company.
 EdgeCast Networks is a Los Angeles CA based content delivery network (CDN). The company was founded in 2006 and is funded by the venture arm of The Walt Disney Company Steamboat Ventures. It has CDN reseller agreements with Deutsche Telekom Global Crossing Navisite The company is notable for its self-provisioning CDN technology used by the telecommunication and hosting industries. EdgeCast Networks was rated the No.
 P&O Cruises Australia is a British-American owned cruise line with corporate headquarters at Carnival House in Southampton England and operational headquarters in North Sydney New South Wales Australia. The sister company of P&O Cruises in the United Kingdom it was previously a constituent of the Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation Company and has a direct link in history to the world's first passenger ships.
 BelAZ (Belarusian: Беларускі аўтамабільны завод or БелАЗ Romanized: Belaruski autamabilny zawod or BelAZ) is a Belarusian manufacturer of haulage and earthmoving equipment based in Zhodzina. The factory opened its door in 1948 and has produced over 120000 vehicles for use in the Soviet Union.BELAZ is a site for one of the largest Commonwealth of Independent States investment project. The factory finalized two of the three scheduled phases of the technical re-equipment and upgrades.
 Empire Today LLC is a Northlake Illinois-based home improvement and home furnishing company specializing in installed carpet flooring and window treatments. The company operates in more than 75 metropolitan areas in the United States making it a leading providers of installed home improvements and home furnishings in North America. Empire Today was founded in 1959 by Seymour Cohen in partnership with Jonathan Samuel Beute. Empire Today has served over one million customers.
 Tefen is an international management consulting firm with its world headquarters in Tel Aviv Israel. Founded in 1982 Tefen focuses on strategic and operational CEO-agenda issues and has amassed a reputation for improving and enhancing performance excellence in Fortune 500 companies.Tefen is publicly traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (TASE) under the symbol TEFN.
 Verizon New Jersey Inc. formerly New Jersey Bell Telephone Company is the Bell Operating Company serving the U.S. state of New Jersey. In 1984 the Bell System Divestiture split New Jersey Bell off into a Regional Bell Operating Company along with the 21 other BOCs AT&T had a majority stake in.
 Backbase is a software company founded in the Netherlands in 2003 which has offices in Amsterdam the Netherlands New York United States Moscow Russia and Singapore. The core products of Backbase are Backbase Portal and Backbase Forms.
 Universal Music Publishing Group (UMPG) is a music publishing company and is part of the Universal Music Group. It was formerly known as MCA Music Publishing. Universal Music Publishing is the world's third largest music publishing company.UMPG owns or administers more than 1 million copyrights. They are one of the largest music publishing businesses in the world with more than 47 offices in 41 countries.
 Buck Knives is an American knife manufacturer founded in San Diego California and now located in Post Falls Idaho. The company has a long history through five generations of the Buck family from 1902 to the present day. Buck Knives primarily manufactures sport and field knives and is credited with inventing the folding hunting knife and popularizing it to such a degree that the term buck knife has become synonymous with folding lockback knives including those made by other manufacturers.
 South African Red Cross Air Mercy Service also known as AMS is an air ambulance service headquartered at Cape Town International Airport with various bases in South Africa.
 FishNet Security Inc. is a privately owned Information security company based in Overland Park Kansas United States. FishNet Security sells information security services technology support and training. It serves companies worldwide including most of the Fortune 100 and Fortune 500 businesses in the United States.
 LifeWay Christian Resources based in Nashville Tennessee is one of the largest providers of religious and Christian resources in the world. LifeWay has been recognized as one of the Best Employers in Tennessee by BusinessTN magazine.
 Cotswold Green is a bus company located in Nailsworth Gloucestershire.
 Chicken Soup for the Soul is a publishing consumer goods and media company based in Cos Cob CT. It is known for the Chicken Soup for the Soul series of books. Motivational speakers Jack Canfield and Mark Victor Hansen created the first book and founded the company in 1993. The first book like most subsequent titles in the series consisted of inspirational true stories about ordinary people's lives.
 Advisors Asset Management Inc. (AAM) is an investment solutions partner that provides investment products and portfolio support to broker-dealers and advisors established in 1979. They work with both independent and large Wall Street firms providing access to fixed income investments structured products unit investment trusts mutual funds and separately managed accounts.
 Viega is a family owned international manufacturer of Plumbing and HVAC solutions. Viega sells PEX for Radiant heating and plumbing systems along with copper stainless and metal alloy pipe along with mechanical pressure fitting products.
 Xtract Energy plc is a multinational energy holding company. It is a subsidiary of Cambrian Mining Plc which owns over 50% of shares. Minor shares are traded on London Stock Exchange Alternative Investment Market.
 Element Six (formerly De Beers Industrial Diamond) is a company specialised in providing synthetic diamond cubic boron nitride and other superhard materials for industrial use. It was created in 1946 and is owned by Umicore and De Beers. The main operations are in Ireland South Africa Sweden UK China and the Ukraine with global sales and distribution.
 Denny's (also known as Denny's Diner on some of the locations' signage) is a full-service pancake house/coffee shop/fast casual family restaurant chain. It operates over 1600 restaurants in the United States (including Puerto Rico) Canada El Salvador Curaçao Costa Rica Venezuela Honduras Japan (transliterated as デニーズ Denīzu) Mexico New Zealand Qatar and the United Arab Emirates.Denny's is known for always being open serving breakfast lunch dinner and dessert around the clock.
 SeeqPod was a search and recommendation engine specifically for indexing and finding playable search results including audio video podcasts and Wikipedia articles that were publicly accessible on the World Wide Web. The site claimed to have indexed more than 13 million individual tracks and files. On April 1 2009 SeeqPod filed for bankruptcy protection under chapter 11. The service is currently unavailable.
 HCT Group is a social enterprise providing transport services and community services in London and Yorkshire. It was founded in 1982 as Hackney Community Transport in the London Borough of Hackney to provide transport services for local voluntary organisations charities and community groups. HCT Group is registered as a company limited by guarantee (and has therefore no shareholders).
 Schlafly is the brand name of beers produced by the Saint Louis Brewery Inc. Currently all beers produced by this brewery are under the Schlafly brand. Located in St. Louis Missouri it is widely available in Eastern Missouri and Southern Illinois. Schlafly brand beers are distributed to the following states: Missouri Kansas Illinois Indiana Iowa Kentucky Tennessee northwestern Mississippi Arkansas northern Virginia Washington D.C. New York and New Jersey.
 Bancroft Press is a general interest small press publishing company which publishes 3-6 books per year. It was founded 1992 by Bruce Bortz.The company's more significant publications include Bill O'Reilly's first novel and a Book of the Month Club-selected book about the assassination of John F. Kennedy Live by the Sword by Gus Russo.
 Big Blue Bug Solutions is an extermination business located in Providence Rhode Island that services southeastern New England. The company is best known for its mascot Nibbles Woodaway (also known as the Big Blue Bug) a giant blue termite that stands atop its office next to I-95 in Providence.
 Fredericksburg Farmers Cooperative (FFC) is a full-service agricultural cooperative in central Iowa. FFC is open Monday-Friday with select locations being open every day in the spring and fall.
 The Wea were a Miami-Illinois-speaking Native American tribe originally located in western Indiana closely related to the Miami. The name Wea is used today as the a shortened version of their numerous recorded names. The Wea name for themselves (autonym) in their own language is waayaahtanwa derived from waayaahtanonki 'place of the whirlpool' their name where they were first recorded being seen and is where they were living at that time.
 The Plansee Group trading name: Plansee Holding AG is an Austrian company which has its head office in Breitenwang (in the district of Reutte). The group of companies focuses on manufacturing powder metallurgical materials which it also processes to produce tools and formed parts. The Plansee Group is a private company now in its third generation of ownership that is managed by Dr. Michael Schwarzkopf.
 Rightscorp Inc. (formerly DigitalRights) is a Los Angeles based copyright monetization company which protects intellectual property by offering settlement offers to illegal downloaders of videos music and video games. The company protects the creators and owners of these copyrights through monetization and various legal actions and pursuits.
 Luftverkehr Friesland-Harle commonly abbreviated LFH is a small airline based in Wangerland Germany that was established in 1983 and had 30 employees (at March 2007). It operates scheduled and chartered passenger and cargo flights linking Harle Airfield (de) to the East Frisian Islands. In 2011 LFH was acquired by FLN Frisia Luftverkehr but continues to use its own branding.
 Harris Teeter Supermarkets Inc. is a chain of supermarkets based in Matthews North Carolina just outside Charlotte. As of April 2014 the chain operates 227 stores in eight states: North Carolina South Carolina Virginia Georgia Tennessee Florida Maryland Delaware and the District of Columbia. Supermarket News ranked Harris Teeter No. 34 in the 2012 Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers based on 2011 fiscal year sales of $4.3 billion.
 Skysouth was a passenger airline based in Shoreham-by-Sea England. Founded in 2006 Skysouth began operations to France in June 2006. They served three destinations in France from their base at Shoreham Airport with at least 22 weekly flights. The airline ceased operations in February 2009 citing in their website announcement unprecedented economic conditions which made their operation no longer financially viable.
 Today Translations is a translations service provider founded by Jurga Zilinskiene in 2001 based in the City of London.
 Malvern House London was founded in 2000. It is an independent college and was accredited by the British Council in 2003. In July 2009 Malvern House merged with AEC Education Group PLC. Malvern House London is the only private college in the UK that is listed on the London Stock Exchange.The school specialises in teaching English for both long-term and short-term students wishing to study and learn English in London.
 Netherlands-African Business Council (NABC) is a non-profit organization for Dutch companies trading in Africa. Like many Business Councils supports its members with their activities in Africa by promoting trade with the continent. NABC has been around since it was set up by Heineken and a couple of other Dutch companies in 1946. In 2011 NABC celebrates its 65 years anniversary. The Netherlands-African Business Council currently holds 270 members.
 BarNone (1-800-BarNone) is a lead generation company based in Oakland California. BarNone was founded in 1995 and was later purchased by the First Advantage Corporation in 2005 for their Dealer Services segment. They were later sold to Centrro Inc. in August 2009.BarNone connects consumers seeking an auto loan with auto dealerships. Consumers are targeted through direct mail television ads and internet marketing.
 Hargray is a telecommunications provider based on Hilton Head Island South Carolina. It operates throughout the Lowcountry region of South Carolina and the Savannah region of Georgia. Hargray offers land line telephone service internet cable television and resells cellular phone service through Cricket.
 Enevo (Enevo Oy in Finland) is a Finnish provider of wireless sensor networks that measure and forecast fill-levels of waste containers in order to optimize collection intervals and routes based on this data. The underlaying idea is that using optimized routes waste trucks can drive less while picking up more trash. The company estimates that it can reduce waste collection costs by up to 30%.Enevo was founded in 2010 and is led by Fredrik Kekäläinen and Johan Engström.
 Homespun Records is the original record company of Rick Cassidy. Started in 1967 by Patrick Cassidy. The first album was The Commonwealth's The Best In Caucasian Soul Live. In 1975 Rick Cassidy released his contemporaryChristian album titled Agape. In 1985 Rick Cassidy released his second album. A compilation of songs written over many years called Songs I Wrote. Mary Chapman was discovered in Columbus Ohio in 1995 and released her Tears In The Night debut album.
 Radar Networks is a San Francisco–based company developing semantic web applications for the general public. The company was founded in 2003 by Nova Spivack and Kristinn R. Thórisson. On March 11 2010 Radar Networks was acquired by Evri Inc. along with Twine.com
 The Tohoku Bank Limited (株式会社東北銀行 Kabushiki-gaisha Tōhoku Ginkō) is a Japanese regional bank that is based out of Morioka the capital of Iwate prefecture in the Tohoku region of Japan. It is one of the smallest regional banks in Japan.
 Bomis (/ˈbɒmɨs/ to rhyme with promise) was a dot-com company best known for having supported the creation of the free-content online-encyclopedia projects Nupedia and Wikipedia. It was founded in 1996 by Jimmy Wales Tim Shell and Michael Davis. Davis became acquainted with Wales after hiring him at Chicago Options Associates in 1994 and Wales became friends with Shell through mailing lists discussing philosophy.
 Hill-Fields Entertainment was a production company that was founded in 1981 as Hill-Mandelker Films with producers Leonard Hill and Philliph Mandelker. Mandelker left the company in 1985 becoming Leonard Hill Films. The company launched ACI Worldwide Distribution in 1988 to distribute its productions. In 1994 Fields joined the company and it became Hill-Fields Entertainment. Both companies were acquired by Pearson PLC in 1996 the production company was folded in 1997.
 Politics of Yemen takes place in a framework of a presidential representative democratic republic where the President of Yemen is the head of state while the Prime Minister of Yemen (who is appointed by the President) is the head of government. Although it is notionally a multi-party system in reality it is completely dominated by one party the General People's Congress and has been since unification. Executive power is exercised by the government.
 Miu Miu is a high fashion brand of women's clothing and accessories from the Prada fashion house. Miu Miu opened in 1993 and is headed by Miuccia Prada. The name of the collection is taken from her nickname. Miu Miu is set to launch its first fragrance in 2015. This is the first time that Miu Miu has expanded outside the fashion and accessories markets.
 The National Oil Corporation (NOC) is the national oil company of Libya. It dominates Libya's oil industry along with a number of smaller subsidiaries which combined account for around 70% the country's oil output. Of NOC's subsidiaries the largest oil producer is the Waha Oil Company (WOC) followed by the Arabian Gulf Oil Company (Agoco) Zueitina Oil Company (ZOC) and Sirte Oil Company (SOC).
 Vlambeer (literally: flame bear) is a Dutch independent game development studio made up of Rami Ismail and Jan Willem Nijman. The studio founded in 2010 is best known for its games Ridiculous Fishing Super Crate Box and Serious Sam: The Random Encounter and for its stand on video game cloning.
 Mondo TV is one of the major production and distribution animation companies in Europe. Founded by Orlando Corradi in 1985 and based in Rome Mondo TV is a public company quoted on the STAR segment of the Italian main stock exchange Borsa Italiana a part of the London Stock Exchange Group since 2007. It distributes and produces on its own or in co-production with leading international networks cartoon series and feature films for television and theatrical release.
 Narotam Sekhsaria Foundation is a non-profit initiative created to support enterprising individuals and innovative organizations. It empowers Non profit organisation and social entrepreneurs to make a positive lasting and sustainable impact on society. They are among the leading funding agencies in India.
 Danske Bank is a Danish bank. The name literally means Danish Bank. It was founded 5 October 1871 as Den Danske Landmandsbank Hypothek- og Vexelbank i Kjøbenhavn (The Danish Farmers' Bank Mortgage and Exchange Bank of Copenhagen). Headquartered in Copenhagen it is the largest bank in Denmark and a major retail bank in the northern European region with over 5 million retail customers.Danske Bank was number 454 on the Fortune Global 500 list for 2011.
 Meitetsu Bus Co. Ltd. (名鉄バス株式会社 Meitesu Basu Kabushiki-gaisha) is a bus company in the Meitetsu Group.
 Seaview Services is a coach and tour operator operating on the Isle of Wight.
 The British UFO Research Association or BUFORA is a UK organisation formerly registered as BUFORA Ltd; dedicated to investigating UFO phenomena in the British Isles. The organisation has around 1000 members.
 Vittoria S.p.A. is an Italian bicycle tire manufacturer established in 1953. The company has more than 1000 employees around the world produces 5 million tires and runs production of Geax mountain bike tires Their facilities around the world include: Vittoria S.p.A. in Madone Italy Vittoria Industries North America Inc. in Oklahoma City USA Lion Tyres (Thailand) Co. Ltd. in Bangkok Thailand Vittoria Industries Ltd. in Hong Kong Vittoria Logistics Taiwan in Taipei Taiwan↑ ↑
 Technicolor SA formerly Thomson Inc and Thomson Multimedia provides services and products for the communication media and entertainment industries. Technicolor's headquarters are located in Issy-les-Moulineaux – France.
 Lacoste (French pronunciation: ​[laˈkɔst]) is a French clothing company founded in 1933 that sells high-end clothing footwear perfume leather goods watches eyewear and most famously polo shirts. In recent years Lacoste has introduced a home line of sheeting and towels. The company can be recognized by its green crocodile logo. René Lacoste the company's founder was nicknamed the Crocodile by fans because of his tenacity on the tennis court.
 Kreislauf is a German netlabel and radio show focusing on quality electronic dance music and ambient music in many flavours (house techno breakbeat etc.).
 Farm Frites is a Dutch food company based in Oudenhoorn. It was founded in 1971.Farm Frites produces a range of potato and onion fries. The company exports products to about 30 countries and offers private-label production services.
 The Philippine Postal Savings Bank (PPSB) also known as PostalBank is the state-owned postal savings system in the Philippines. It is the smallest of the Philippines' three state-owned banks ranking 16th among thrift banks in terms of assets. Established in 1906 the bank was closed in 1976 as a result of competition with privately owned banks but was reopened in 1994 pursuant to the provisions of Republic Act No. 7354 the charter of the Philippine Postal Corporation.
 Cambrian Airways was a Welsh airline based in Cardiff Wales which started operations in 1935. It was incorporated into British Airways when BOAC BEA Cambrian and Northeast merged on 1st April 1974.
 Group Racing Developments known more simply as GRD was a short-lived British constructor of racing cars. It was formed in 1971 with a large percentage of staff coming from those made redundant from the closure of Lotus Cars customer car manufacturing arm. They built cars for Formula 2 Formula 3 Formula Atlantic and Sports 2000 racing classes until a decline in British racing vehicle manufacturing bit into the industry in 1975 that paralleled the oil crisis.
 AvoDerm is a line of natural dog and cat food manufactured by Breeder's Choice Inc. of Irwindale California. The company was founded by Harold Taylor in 1947.The AvoDerm line was launched in 1982 as a specialty food for the alleviation of skin and coat problems in dogs. Eight of the brand's formulas include avocado meal stating that the ingredient contains Vitamins A E and C in abundance as well as folate potassium niacin and fatty acids.
 Impact Comics was an imprint of DC Comics that was aimed at younger audiences. It was begun in 1991 and ended by 1993. (The initial I in the logo looked like an exclamation point but the name of the imprint was not actually !mpact.)Its titles featured the adventures of altered versions of superheroes licensed from Archie Comics including the Fly the Comet the Shield the Jaguar the Web and the Black Hood.
 Petri AG was an automotive parts company based in Germany. It was acquired by the Japanese company Takata Corporation in 2000 forming the European subsidiary Takata-Petri.
 Politics of Malawi takes place in a framework of a presidential representative democratic republic whereby the President of Malawi is both head of state and head of government and of a multi-party system. Executive power is exercised by the government. Legislative power is vested in both the government and the National Assembly. There is a cabinet of Malawi that is appointed by the President of Malawi. The judiciary is independent of the executive and the legislature.
 Earthly Delights is a record label founded in 1986 by Nigel Ayers of Nocturnal Emissions. The label's name refers to Hieronymous Bosch's painting The Garden of Earthly Delights.
 Bungeishunjū Ltd. (株式会社文藝春秋 Kabushiki-gaisha Bungeishunjū) established in 1923 is a Japanese publishing company known for its leading monthly magazine Bungeishunjū. It grants the annual Akutagawa Prize one of the most prestigious literary awards in Japan as well as the annual Naoki Prize for popular novelists. It also grants the annual Bungeishunjū Manga Award for achievement in the manga and illustration fields.
 The Modern Language Association of America (referred to as the Modern Language Association or MLA) is the principal professional association in the United States for scholars of language and literature.
 Cooper Tire & Rubber Company is an American company that specializes in the design manufacture marketing and sales of replacement automobile and truck tires and subsidiaries that specialize in medium truck motorcycle and racing tires. With headquarters in Findlay Ohio Cooper Tire has 60 manufacturing sales distribution technical and design facilities within its worldwide family of subsidiary companies.
 Dossia is a Personal health record service offered by some of the largest employers in the United States. Along with Microsoft's HealthVault Dossia is one of the largest PHR deployments in the worldUnlike Microsoft's PHR effort Dossia is based on open source software. Dossia released their API in summer of 2009.Dossia differs from traditional tethered PHR services by providing user access to health information regardless of health plan employer or physician.
 CrownPeak is a privately held developer of cloud-based content management software. The primary customers of its products and services are company marketers and public relations representatives. The company's flagship product is a software-as-a-service (SaaS)-based content management system (CMS).
 For the mining company see: St. Joe MineralsThe St. Joe Company (NYSE: JOE) is a land development company headquartered in Watersound Florida. The company had been headquartered in Jacksonville Florida United States and is Florida's second largest private landowner owning about 567000 acres in the state as of November 2012.
 Esquire Records is the name of two defunct record labels:Esquire Records (UK) a jazz record label founded by Carlo Krahmer and Peter Newbrook in 1947. It issued recordings by British musicians and others under licence from the American Prestige label the Chicago blues label Delmark and the Swedish Metronome label. The company lasted until the mid-1970s; after Carlo's death it was run by his widow Greta. In the 1980s Newbrook (d.
 Nsite (a.k.a. nsite.com Nsite Software) was a platform as a service company based in the Bay area specializing in Sales Force enhancements. Although several pre-built applications were offered on the platform the most promising part of Nsite was the ability for a customer to use the product to develop their own application using a simple Internet-based interface. Since 2006 it has been a part of SAP Business Objects.
 38 Studios LLC formerly Green Monster Games LLC was an American entertainment and IP development company founded in 2006 by Major League Baseball pitcher Curt Schilling and named for his jersey number. Originally based in Massachusetts the company moved to Rhode Island as part of securing a $75 million loan guarantee from that state's quasi-public Economic Development Corporation (EDC).
 V-MODA /ˈvmoʊdɑː/ is a private United States Company specializing in the design and production high-end mobile audio products including headphones earphones portable amplifiers hearings protection ear plugs and accessories.
 Korg Inc. (株式会社コルグ Kabushiki-gaisha Korugu) is a Japanese multinational corporation that manufactures electronic musical instruments audio processors and guitar pedals recording equipment and electronic tuners. Under the Vox brand name they also manufacture guitar amplifiers and electric guitars.
 English Retreads is an eco-fashion company that makes handbags and accessories from recycled materials. The company is known for its products that are all low environmental impact vegan and handcrafted in Boulder Colorado. English Retreads offers handbags wallets belts laptop bags and key chains all made from recycled materials primarily reclaimed rubber and recycled PETE (plastic bottle) material.
 Dangerbird Records is an independent record label located in Los Angeles California. Founded by Peter Walker Grousbeck and Jeff Castelaz in 2004 the label is home to artists across the globe as well as part of the burgeoning Silver Lake music scene. The label has seen international success from their small roster of artists including Silversun Pickups Fitz and The Tantrums and Minus the Bear.
 Source Cable Limited (formerly known as Southmount Cable Limited) is one of three main Cable television service providers for the city of Hamilton Ontario. The other two are Rogers Communications and Cogeco. Each company has a monopoly in a specific part of the city of Hamilton; Source Cable's service area is south of Limeridge Road to the end of the original Hamilton city limits (south east and west) as well as newer urbanized areas south of Rymal Road into the former Glancaster.
 Comodo Group Inc. is a privately held group of companies providing computer software and SSL digital certificates based in Clifton New Jersey in the United States. It has offices in the United Kingdom Ukraine Romania China India Turkey and Salt Lake City Utah.
 Scribd /ˈskrɪbd/ is a digital library featuring a subscription service with premier books including New York Times bestsellers and classics.Launched in 2007 by Trip Adler and Jared Friedman Scribd also features written works contributed by users around the world and is headquartered in San Francisco CA.
 Date Records was a sub-label of Columbia Records which had two different incarnations. The first incarnation was a short-lived rockabilly label in 1958 which included a release by Billy Crash Craddock.
 The Deutsche Flugsicherung (DFS) is the company in charge of air traffic control for Germany. It is a company organized under private law and 100% owned by the Federal Republic of Germany. Since January 1993 DFS has been controlling air traffic in Germany. In Germany military and civil air traffic controllers work side by side. Since 1994 DFS has been responsible for the handling of both civil and military air traffic in peacetime. Only military aerodromes are exempted from this integration.
 Open Telecommunications is a defunct software company supplying the telecommunications industry. The company was founded by Wayne Passlow as a private company in North Sydney Australia. Open Telecommunications provides products and services that collectively deliver a new generation of telecommunications network infrastructure.
 One of Hungary´s 22 state owned forestry and hunting companies is Gyulaj Forestry and Hunting Private Limited Company (Gyulaj Plc for short). Its online marketing brand name is Gyulaj Hunting Hungary. Besides forest management one of its main business activities is big game management carried out in professional and traditional near- nature way.
 Idea Cellular commonly referred to as Idea is an Indian mobile network operators based in Mumbai India.
 Tab Communications Inc. (also called Tabloid Newspaper Publishers) based first in Newton Massachusetts USA then in nearby Needham was a weekly newspaper publisher in Greater Boston before being bought by Fidelity Investments in 1992 and dissolved into Community Newspaper Company in 1996.The company founded in 1979 steadily expanded from one newspaper to 14 and made one major acquisition buying its competitor NewsWest in 1989.
 Japan Trustee Services Bank Ltd. (日本トラスティ・サービス信託銀行株式会社 Nippon Torasuti Sābisu Shintaku Ginkō Kabushiki-gaisha) or JTSB is a trust bank in Japan.
 IntelePeer is a privately held company based in San Mateo California which provides on-demand cloud-based IP communications and SIP trunking services for unified communications systems contact centers and enterprises.The company is backed by venture capital firms VantagePoint Venture Partners Kennet Partners NorthCap Partners and EDF Ventures.
 TRA-Star Records was an independent American record label established in July 1987 in Nashville Tennessee. The label was founded by singer-songwriter and producer Mark Carman and his longtime friend and business associate Frank Scherman.
 C-TRAN is the public transportation provider in Cary a community in the Research Triangle urbanized area in North Carolina. While the city of Raleigh provides service to most of the county via Capital Area Transit Cary opted to retain its own town-owned system. Raleigh Durham Chapel Hill Cary and Wake Forest the five cities that constitute the region are connected by Triangle Transit.
 Armature Studio is an American video game development studio in Austin Texas. In April 2008 after completing Metroid Prime 3: Corruption in 2007 for Nintendo former game director Mark Pacini art director Todd Keller and principal technology engineer Jack Matthews left Retro to start Armature which was founded in September 2008. Armature's first game was Metal Gear Solid HD Collection for the PlayStation Vita in 2012. In April 2013 Warner Bros.
 Boxoffice International Pictures Inc. was a film distributor founded in 1950. The company was owned by Harry Novak who later used the alternate name Harry Novak Productions. It ceased operations in 1977.
 Miles was the name used to market the aircraft of British engineer Frederick George Miles who with his wife (Blossom) and his brother George Herbert Miles designed numerous light civil and military aircraft and a range of curious prototypes. The name Miles is associated with two distinct companies that Miles was involved in and is also affiliated with several designs produced before there was a company trading under the Miles name.
 Monsoon Multimedia is a company that manufactures develops and sells video streaming and place-shifting devices that allow consumers to view and control live television on PCs connected to a local (home) network or from remotely from a broadband-connected PC or mobile phone.The devices enable streaming and recording of video content from video sources including live TV DVD players video game consoles and TiVo to multiple PCs wirelessly.
 Ruth's Chris Steak House is a chain of 135 steakhouses across the United States and in several international locations. The restaurant is regarded as an upscale fine dining establishment marking a gradual elevation in its status since its founding in the 1960s. Ruth's Chris is currently the largest luxury steak company in number of locations operating income and overall profit larger than The Palm and Morton's.
 Kiatnakin Bank is a full-service bank based in Thailand. The bank was founded in 2005 in Bangkok with 17000 million baht in funds and has grown to 52 branches and is listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand's SET50 Index. The company headquarters are located in Bangkok.
 This is a partial list of former and current employees of the The Boston Consulting Group the global management consulting firm.
 Westland Aircraft was a British aircraft manufacturer located in Yeovil in Somerset. Formed as a separate company by separation from Petters Ltd just before the start of the Second World War Westland had been building aircraft since 1915. During the war the company produced a number of generally unsuccessful designs but their Lysander would serve as an important liaison aircraft with the Royal Air Force.
 Grupo Industrial Ramirez was the first Mexican automotive company and also the first Mexican company to ever produce pickup trucks and vans.
 Okka Disk is an indepedent American jazz record label founded by Bruno Johnson. He began his foray into label ownership with a shortlived rock label but changed direction and name in 1994 documenting improvised music and free jazz in Chicago. Vintage Duets unreleased tapes recorded in 1980 by saxophonist Fred Anderson with drummer Steve McCall and Caffeine a trio featuring Chicago scene instigator Ken Vandermark were the albums that started the label.
 Radical Studios is an American multimedia studio with offices in Los Angeles.It has branches in feature films television physical and digital publishing merchandise recorded music digital and online media applications and mobile and social games.
 Debonair was a British airline operating mainly from London Luton Airport offering flights to and from Spain France Germany and Italy. It ceased operations in October 1999.
 Project Siren is a video game development team that works within SCE Japan Studio. It is best known for the survival horror series Siren released for PlayStation 2 and PlayStation 3. The team is conducted by acclaimed game designer and director Keiichiro Toyama.Following development on the Siren series Project Siren began development on Gravity Rush for the PlayStation Vita which was released throughout various regions in 2012.
 Smart Club AS is a Norwegian retail chain with three outlets offering the products from forty product categories. The stores have a membership programme which customers may pay NOK 100 to gain bonuses throughout the year.
 ŽIA valda is Lithuanian investment company pursuing projects of higher profit margin usually by establishing and consistently developing a new business unit by consolidating companies of one business sector into one larger company or by acquiring a business which has growth potential but requires substantial reorganization.
 BellSouth Mobility DCS LLC headquartered in Atlanta Georgia was a BellSouth subsidiary.BellSouth Mobility DCS operated 1900 MHz GSM networks in a number of states in the South clustered around South Carolina.
 Brook & Doxey was a textile machinery manufacturer from West Gorton Manchester in England. It was founded in 1859. It was incorporated in 1920. The company used the Union Iron Works West Gorton. The company also had a factory in Stockport.Ferranti bought the old Union Iron Works to make mainframe computers in 1956. It later became ICT ('International' Computers & Tabulators) then ICL. ICT grafted a ‘modern’ entrance on but kept the works.
 Lidings – Russian law firm established in 2006 with offices in Moscow and Saint Petersburg. Slogan - «Leading the Way in Russian Law»As a legal advisor providing legal assistance to foreign business on the Russian market specializes on representing interests of foreign companies operating in Russia with special focus on the companies from pharmaceutical automotive financial and energy sectors.
 BWIA West Indies Airways Limited known locally as Bee-wee was the national airline based in Trinidad and Tobago. BWIA was at the end of its operations the largest airline operating out of the Caribbean operating direct services to the USA Canada and the UK. Its main base was Piarco International Airport (POS) Port of Spain with major hubs at Grantley Adams International Airport (BGI) and Cheddi Jagan International Airport (GEO) during 2006.
 R K GLOBAL is an Indian financial broking firm with services ranging from Equities Derivatives Commodities Currency Depository IPO Distribution Mutual Fund Distribution and Consultancy.
 Metrojet (Russian: ООО «Авиакомпания Когалымавиа») also trading as Kolavia (Russian: Колавиа) is an airline based in Kogalym Tyumen Russia. It operates domestic services. Operations started in May 1993. Its main bases are Kogalym Airport and Surgut Airport with a hub at Domodedovo International Airport Moscow.
 Fischer Sports is an Austrian company that produces Nordic Skiing Alpine Skiing and Hockey equipment. It is one of the largest manufacturers of equipment in the world cup for both Nordic and Alpine skiing disciplines and manufactures a wide range of skis and ski equipment targeted against both professionals and amateurs. Fischer has achieved innovative success in both Alpine and Nordic in the last three world cup championships.
 Triple Rock is a brewpub in Berkeley California.
 SK Group (Korean: SK그룹 에스케이그룹) is the third largest conglomerate (chaebol) in South Korea. The SK Group is composed of 95 subsidiary and affiliate companies that share the SK brand and culture.It changed its name from Sunkyoung Group (Korean: 선경그룹 Hanja : 鮮京그룹) to SK Group in 1997.SK Holdings ranked 57th in the 2013 Fortune Global 500. SK Group has more than 70000 employees who work from 113 offices worldwide.
 WebAssist.com corporation is a U.S. based software company that develops licenses and supports a variety of web related software products for Adobe Dreamweaver. Headquartered in San Diego California USA the company’s core focus has been the creation of Dreamweaver extensions for web development.While WebAssist primarily develops Dreamweaver extensions the company has also built Microsoft Expression Web add-ons.
 Enterbrain (エンターブレイン) formerly Enterbrain Inc. (株式会社エンターブレイン Kabushiki Gaisha Entāburein) is a Japanese publisher and brand company of Kadokawa Corporation established on April 1 2000. Magazines published by Enterbrain are generally focused on video games and computer entertainment as well as video game and strategy guides. In addition the company publishes a small selection of anime artbooks. Enterbrain is based in Tokyo Japan with a paid-in capital of 410 million yen.
 Checkpoint Systems is a NYSE-traded public corporation. Checkpoint employs nearly 5000 individuals and is now headquartered in Thorofare New Jersey.
 Burlington Transit is the public transport provider in the city of Burlington Ontario Canada.
 Kaah Electric Power and Lighting Company (KEPLC) is the largest power company in Somalia. It owns and operates the entire electricity distribution system in most popular cities and towns in the country and provides electricity to customers.
 Empire Direct PLC was an electrical retail business which operated in the United Kingdom.
 Bombay Dyeing (full name: The Bombay Dyeing & Mfg. Co. Ltd. established 1879) is the flagship company of the Wadia Group engaged mainly into the business of Textiles.
 YourLink Inc. is a rural high speed internet provider with services primarily based in Saskatchewan but extending to British Columbia Alberta and historically Ontario.
 Linuxgruven was a technical services firm that was designed to specialize in work with the Linux Operating System. The firm was officially incorporated in the state of Missouri in February 2000 by founders James Hibbits and Michael Lebb. Its doors closed on March 8 2001. Linuxgruven had offices in eight U.S. cities including a headquarters office in Clayton Missouri which is a St. Louis Missouri suburb. At its peak the company employed 106 people.
 Ameriflight LLC is an American cargo airline with its headquarters in Hangar 1 on the grounds of Bob Hope Airport in Burbank California. It is the largest United States FAA Part 135 cargo carrier operating scheduled and contract cargo services to destinations in 30 US states Canada Mexico and the Caribbean.
 Vigor Shipyards (formerly Todd Shipyards) was founded in 1916 as the William H. Todd Corporation through the merger of Robins Dry Dock & Repair Company of Erie Basin Brooklyn New York the Tietjen & Long Dry Dock Company of Hoboken New Jersey and the Seattle Construction and Dry Dock Company. The Seattle shipyard could trace its history back to 1882 when Robert Moran opened a marine repair shop at Yesler's Wharf.
 DW Agentura s.r.o. is a Czech dubbing and a production company based in Prague.The company was founded in 1992.
 Cold Stone Creamery is an American-based ice cream parlor chain. Based in Scottsdale Arizona the company is owned and operated by Kahala L.L.C. The company's main product is premium ice cream or ice cream made with approximately 12–14% butterfat that is made on location and customized to order for customers at the time of purchase.
 Astron-6 is a Canadian film production and directing company founded in 2007 by Adam Brooks and Jeremy Gillespie. The company later expanded to include Matt Kennedy Conor Sweeney and Steven Kostanski who are now equal partners in the company. Astron-6 is known for producing low-budget 80's-centric independent movies that often combine horror with comedy.
 XM Satellite Radio (XM) is one of two satellite radio (SDARS) services in the United States and Canada operated by Sirius XM Radio. It provides pay-for-service radio analogous to cable television. Its service includes 73 different music channels 39 news sports talk and entertainment channels 21 regional traffic and weather channels and 23 play-by-play sports channels. XM channels are identified by Arbitron with the label XM (e.g.
 Forest Trends is a non-profit organization based in Washington DC that connects producers suppliers governments communities NGOs and investors with new economic tools and incentives for maintaining natural ecosystems.Forest Trends' mission is four-fold: to expand the value of forests to society; to promote sustainable forest management and conservation by creating and capturing market values for ecosystem services; to support innovative projects and companies that are developing these markets; and to enhance the livelihoods of local communities living in and around those forests.
 4FrontSecurity is an information security infrastructure provider and services firm in the United States. On October 15 2002 it released its Information Management System (IMS) software. It was acquired by Symantec on February 23 2007.The 4FrontSecurity Assessment Manager is now part of Symantec's CCS Suite called Response Assessment module (RAM).
 Total Quality Logistics is a third-party logistics provider. It provides domestic freight transportation and logistics services.
 Inno Garage is a global management consulting and innovation management firm headquartered in India with offices in US Dubai Singapore and Australia. It operates as a generalist strategy adviser to corporates governmentsnon-profit organizations and public around the world on issues ranging from strategy development to performance improvement.
 Tigerair Philippines formerly known as SEAir and South East Asian Airlines is a low-cost airline headquartered in Manila Philippines. It is a franchise and subsidiary of JG Summit the parent company of Cebu Pacific which operates the airline. Its main base has been transferred from Clark International Airport (formerly Diosdado Macapagal International Airport) Angeles to Ninoy Aquino International Airport Metro Manila.
 Alvion Co. Ltd. (株式会社アルヴィオン Kabushiki-gaisha Aruvion) is a Japanese video game and publishing company.
 The Beverley Building Society was founded in 1866 and is based in the East Riding of Yorkshire town of Beverley. Its only branch is in Beverley but from 1998 to 2009 it had a second branch in Pocklington. It is the 39th largest in the United Kingdom based on total assets of £174 million as at 31 December 2011.
 Mark VII Limited (or Mark Seven Limited) was the production company of actor producer and director Jack Webb and was active from 1951 to Webb's death in 1982.
 Wm. K. Walthers Inc. is a manufacturer and distributor of model railroad supplies and tools.
 Blue Sky Vineyards is a family-owned vineyard and winery in Illinois owned and operated by Barrett Rochman Marilyn Rochman and Jim Ewers. Blue Sky Vineyards is located in the heart of the Shawnee National Forest and anchors the eastern end of the Shawnee Hills Wine Trail. Located within the Shawnee Hills American Viticultural Area an area that is federally designated and recognized for its uniqueness in grape growing Blue Sky Vineyard uses Illinois grapes to produce a number of wines.
 Politics of Eritrea takes place in a framework of a single-party presidential republic whereby the Eritrean President is both head of state and head of government and a single-party state led by the People's Front for Democracy and Justice. The popularly-elected National Assembly of 150 seats formed in 1993 shortly after independence elected the current president Isaias Afewerki. There have been no general elections since its official rise to power in 1993.
 Chappell & Co. was an English company that published music and manufactured pianos.
 Pearl & Dean is primarily known as a British cinema advertising company. It was founded in 1953 by brothers Ernie and Charles Pearl and Bob Dean.Pearl & Dean is now owned by Image Ltd and controls numerous UK cinema sites including leading multiplex operators such as Empire Showcase AMC and represents approximately half of the UK's independent cinemas.
 White Label Music is an independent record label based in the UK. The label is run by Marc Hunter and Ann Shenton who was formerly a member of the band Add N to (X).
 Loriciels was a French video game developing company that was active from 1983 to the early 1990s.During the 1980s they developed games for various systems (Oric 1 ZX81 ZX Spectrum Thomson and the Atari ST). The first game that Loriciels developed was Hubert for the Commodore 64. They managed to publish 150 different games within their short lifespan as a company.
 The Russian Club of Financial Directors (RCFD) is All-Russian public organization uniting the individuals who usually has to deal with the volume of cash flows and as a rule financial management involved in the financing of projects large-scale investment or money management.
 Industrias Vassallo Inc. is a big producer of PVC injection moulded and extruded goods and manufacturer and distributor of PVC pipes and accessories related plastics products and resin furniture. The company is located in Barrio Coto Laurel in Ponce Puerto Rico. In 2004 the company had a workforce of 300 employees and revenues of $51M USD. Its president is Rafael Vassallo. Salvador Vassallo was the company's CEO and president until his death in 2007.
 Compugen is a privately owned and operated IT company headquartered in Richmond Hill a suburb of Toronto Ontario Canada. Founded and incorporated in 1981 Compugen took over first place in CDN's Top 100 Solution Providers rankings for 2011.Compugen's lines of business include IT infrastructure products and services and its customers include medium- and large-sized corporations and government departments.
 The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) is a global management consulting firm with 81 offices in 45 countries. It is one of the Big Three management consulting firms. The firm advises clients in the private public and not-for-profit sectors around the world including more than two-thirds of the Fortune 500. Considered one of the most prestigious management consulting firms BCG was ranked third in Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2014.
 Aero Comercial Oriente Norte Ltda. doing business as Aerocon is a Bolivian airline. Its national office is in Hangar 93 in El Trompillo Airport in Santa Cruz de la Sierra.It started its operations in 2005. In 2006 the airline transferred its operational base to Trinidad. It is also called the Airline of Beni Department. It currently operates from Trinidad to Cobija Cochabamba Guayaramerín La Paz Riberalta Santa Cruz Yacuiba Sucre and Tarija. It will soon fly to Uyuni Bolivia.
 Jilin Yatai Group Company Limited (SSE: 600881) is a private conglomerate enterprise in Changchun Jilin China. It was established in 1993 and it was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1995. Its core businesses include property development cement manufacturing and securities. Others include coal mining pharmaceuticals and trading.
 Evidence Music is an American jazz and blues independent record label based in Pennsylvania. It is known for releasing a number of Sun Ra albums.It has reissued albums originally on other labels including Theresa Black & Blue and Freelance.
 AKN Eisenbahn AG operates commuter and freight trains in Hamburg and Schleswig-Holstein. Its headquarters is in Kaltenkirchen. It is a member of the Hamburger Verkehrsverbund (HVV) which organises public transport in and around Hamburg.AKN is an abbreviation for Altona - Kaltenkirchen - Neumünster its first railway line.
 Wüsthof (also known as Wüsthof Dreizackwerk (German) and Wüsthof Trident (English)) is a knife-maker based in Solingen Germany noted for its high quality products. Family owned for seven generations the company also sells kitchen shears pocket knives and other cooking accessories although on a smaller scale than its main competitor Henckels.Wusthof's Classic and Grand Prix series have been recognized as top-rated knife lines by Consumer Reports.
 Montana Rifle Company is an American company that designs manufactures and distributes rifles rifle actions barrels and provides gunsmith services.
 Helsinki Regional Transport Authority (Finnish: Helsingin seudun liikenne HSL Swedish: Helsingforsregionens trafik HRT) began its work on January 1 2010. The work of the new intercommunal authority is based on the new Finnish public transportation law in force since December 3 2009.
 CenTrak is a company that develops and markets real-time locating systems (RTLS) for healthcare facilities. The company is headquartered in Newtown Pennsylvania and has offices in Menlo Park California South Korea Hong Kong and India.
 Mindblossom is a Canadian Digital Marketing Agency who are owned by Aegis Media and are part of the Isobar network the world’s largest digital marketing network.Based out of Toronto Canada Mindblossom was founded in 2001 and since then have added additional offices in Atlanta Georgia and Montreal Quebec. As of November 2007 Mindblossom operates as a subsidiary of Aegis Media Canada.
 Neptune Technologies & Bioressources Inc. is a life sciences company based in Laval Quebec. The primary operations of the company are the research and development of value added natural products and the manufacturing of Neptune Krill Oil (NKO).The Company focuses on growing consumer health markets including cardiovascular inflammatory and neurological diseases driven by consumers taking a more proactive approach to managing health and preventing disease.
 Net News Daily (NND) is a British news website founded by Scott Campbell and Nathan Adam. The site covers a range of topics such as technology and entertainment and includes a prominent interviews section. Net News Daily was launched on 8 January 2009 as a simple news blog but has grown since then.
 The SM Store (formerly known as SM Department Store) is the very foundation of SM. Being run by SM Investments the holding company of the SM Group SM Department Store is a founding retail center where various brands of fashion footwear bags accessories toys gadgets and other types of products can be found. SM Department Store now holds more than 30 branches located at cities and provinces in the Philippines. SM Department Store became one of the top retail centers in the Philippines.
 Lemoned Plant (stylized as LEMONed plant) originally named simply LEMONed is a Japanese independent record label originally founded in 1996 by popular rock musician Hideto hide Matsumoto. The retail store Lemoned Shop was later created and seems to have become the main focus as the label has not had a release in years.
 Raycer is an integrated circuit company based in the United States. It was acquired by Apple Inc. on November 2 1999.
 Torresol Energy is a company dedicated to developing renewable and alternative energies focusing on concentrated solar energy. Its goal is the technological development construction operation and maintenance of concentrated solar power plants.
 Slampt (also Slampt Underground Organisation) was a record label set up in Newcastle England in 1992.The label is perhaps best known for releasing Kenickie's debut EP. Slampt also released the debut single by The Yummy Fur a band who later featured Paul Thomson and Alex Huntley a.k.a. Alex Kapranos.
 BIOS Scientific Publishers was an English publisher. The main offices were based at Milton Park near Abingdon Oxfordshire south of Oxford England. The company specialised in biosciences.Taylor & Francis acquired BIOS Scientific Publishers in 2003; the imprint closed in 2005. BIOS is now published by Garland Science.
 Airport Freight Forwarding Centre (AFFC) (Chinese: 機場空運中心) is the leading warehouse service provider in Hong Kong and the only warehousing and office facility at the Hong Kong International Airport in Chek Lap Kok New Territories Hong Kong. AFFC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sun Hung Kai Properties one of the largest property developers in Hong Kong. It offers tenants more than 1300000 square feet (120000 m2) of storage space and 175000 square feet (16300 m2) of class A office space.
 Objective Productions is a UK-based television production company based in London and Glasgow that was founded by Andrew O'Connor and Michael Vine in 1991.
 SST Records is an American independent record label formed in 1978 in Long Beach California by musician Greg Ginn. The company was initially formed in 1966 by Ginn at age 12 as Solid State Transmitters a small business through which he sold electronics equipment.
 Mitchell's Fruit Farms Limited or Mitchell's is a Pakistani food company. It is considered as one of the largest and oldest food company that has started its operations in 1933 under the name of Indian Mildura Fruit Farms Limited in the British Indian region that has now been administered by Pakistan. It was founded by Francis J. Mitchell. After the independence of Pakistan its name was changed to Mitchell's Fruit Farms Limited.
 The Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute is a global organization designed to study sovereign wealth funds and other long-term governmental investors in the areas of investing asset allocation risk governance economics policy trade and other relevant issues. It is also known as the SWF Institute. The institute provides information to the media as well.
 Taishin Futures Co. Ltd. was founded in 1997 as a joint venture between Taishin Securities Co. Ltd. and Taishin International Bank and is a member of the Taishin Financial Holdings. It involves in futures including brokerage consultation management and dealer business. Taishin Futures Co. Ltd. is a member of Taiwan Futures Exchange.
 Vidal Golosinas is a Spanish manufacturer and marketer of confectionery Vidal specialises in the production of liquorice and gummy candies. Vidal is apparently the biggest manufacturer in Spain producing 50 million units a day. Vidal produces products that are not produced by other confectioners such as filled jelly sweets with 3D designs center filled gummies pectin-filled sweet foam chewing gum with a fizzy filling and sugar coated liquorice. Vidal also produces Kosher products.
 Athena Co. Ltd. (株式会社アテナ Kabushiki Gaisha Atena) is a Japanese video game developer founded in July 1987.
 AmSouth Bancorporation was a banking company headquartered in Birmingham Alabama and operated for its final year in existence as a bank holding company (subsidiary) of Regions Financial Corporation after a merger between the two banks. AmSouth was previously known as First National Bank of Birmingham which was first organized by Charles Linn in 1872. AmSouth was in the financial services industry and at its peak employed over twelve thousand people.
 F2i Fondi Italiani per le infrastrutture SGR is the Italian asset management company that controls the F2i fund which specialises in investments in the infrastructure sector.
 YPF acronym for Yacimientos Petrolíferos Fiscales ; English: Treasury Petroleum Fields is a vertically integrated Argentine energy company engaged in the exploration and production of oil and gas and the transportation refining and marketing of gas and petroleum products.Founded in 1922 under President Hipólito Yrigoyen's administration YPF was the first oil company established as a state enterprise outside of the Soviet Union and the first state oil company to become vertically integrated. 
 Pro-Composites Inc is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Buffalo Grove Illinois. The company is owned by Scott VanderVeen and specializes in the design and manufacture of aircraft design plans parts and kits for amateur construction.The company was originally formed at and had its flight testing and manufacturing operations in Daytona Beach Florida circa 2008. By 2009 operations had been moved south to Vero Beach Florida which is also the home of Piper Aircraft.
 Mobilitec Inc. is a private software company headquartered in San Mateo California. The company was acquired by Alcatel Lucent in 2006.
 Arthur A. Levine Books is an imprint of Scholastic Corporation which specializes in fiction and non-fiction books for young readers. The imprint was founded in 1996 by Arthur Levine in New York City. The first book published by Arthur A. Levine Books was When She Was Good by Norma Fox Mazer in autumn of 1997. The imprint is most notable as the publisher for the American editions of the Harry Potter series by J.K. Rowling.
 Skipping Beats is an independent record label based in Cardiff Wales that specialises in hip hop downtempo and electronic music.
 Hi-Fi Centar was a record label based in Belgrade Serbia.The company was originally formed in 1987 as a music store and was originally named Audio Klub Centar. In 1993 it changed the name to Hi-Fi Centar and moved to record publishing.
 Mylan Inc. is a global generic and specialty pharmaceuticals company headquartered in Cecil Township Pennsylvania. In 2007 Mylan acquired a controlling interest in India-based Matrix Laboratories Limited a top producer of active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) for generic drugs and the generics business of Germany-based Merck KGaA. Through these acquisitions Mylan has grown from the third largest generic and pharmaceuticals company in the U.S.
 The Dancom Group started with Dancom Telecommunications (M) Sdn Bhd back in 1985 as a provider of First Generation Dancall Cellular Handphone in Malaysia.
 Wave Books is an independent poetry press based in Seattle Washington. It was founded in 2005 joining forces with Western Massachusetts-based poetry publisher Verse Press (which itself published its first book in 2000).
 Union Switch and Signal (US&S) was a supplier of railway signaling equipment systems and services in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. As of January 1 2009 US&S is known as Ansaldo STS USA.
 Mohawk Airlines operated in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States primarily the states of New York and Pennsylvania from the mid-1940s until its acquisition by Allegheny Airlines in 1972. At its height it employed over 2200 personnel and pioneered several aspects of regional airline operations including being the first airline in the United States to hire an African American flight attendant.
 Blue Fountain Media is a digital marketing agency from New York City providing website development and online marketing strategies.
 Strætó bs (Icelandic pronunciation: [ˈstraːitou]) is a public transport company which operates city buses in the Icelandic capital Reykjavík and surrounding satellite towns and suburbs. The buses are bright yellow and are commonly called 'Strætó' by the locals a shortened nickname for strætisvagn (street carriage). Strætó bs started operations on 1 July 2001 with the merger of SVR (Strætisvagnar Reykjavíkur) and AV (Almenningsvagnar).
 The9 Limited (Chinese: 第九城市) corporation is a Shanghai-based online game operator which had the exclusive license to operate and distribute World of Warcraft in China (launched in June 2005 it has since become the largest online game) a licence it secured after successfully aiding Webzen Games with the distribution of Mu Online in China.
 The Scientific Computing and Imaging Institute (SCI) is a research institute located on the University of Utah campus in Salt Lake City Utah. Its objective is to create new scientific computing techniques tools and systems with applications to various fields including high performance computing scientific visualization image analysis computational biology data science and graphics.
 Yomiuri Telecasting Corporation (讀賣テレビ放送株式会社 Yomiuri Terebi Hōsō Kabushiki Gaisha YTV ytv Yomiuri TV (読売テレビ)) is a TV station in Osaka Business Park Osaka Japan which serves the Kansai region and is affiliated with the Nippon News Network (NNN) and Nippon Television Network System (NNS). Founded as New Osaka Television Co.
 Gateway Group is one of Sri Lanka's largest educational conglomerates. Established in 1986 by R. I. T. Alles former State Secretary of Education and a prominent educationist in Sri Lanka the Gateway Group's subsidiaries include international schools graduate education and professional training throughout the country and abroad.
 The Eastwood Company is an automotive restoration solution provider headquartered in Pennsylvania United States. Founded in 1978 the company was started by Curt Strohacker. “Do-It-Yourself” and ‘Do the Jobs Right’ are the motto of the company.
 Air Europa Líneas Aéreas S.A.U. is the third largest airline in Spain after Iberia and Vueling. The airline is headquartered in the Polígono Son Noguera in the Centro Empresarial Globalia in Llucmajor Majorca Spain. It also operates tour services between northern and western Europe and holiday resorts in the Canary Islands and Balearic Islands. It also operates domestic scheduled services and long-haul scheduled services to North America and South America.
 Yemen Mobile is a CDMA 2000 network provider founded in Yemen in 2004 by the Yemen ministry of telecommunication and is considered the first CDMA network operator in the Middle East.
 MFS (Masterminded For Success) was an independent electronic dance music label from Berlin Germany lasting from 1990-2008 (although it has officially never actually folded it has just stopped releasing music).
 Serum Institute of India is a manufacturer of Immunobiological including vaccines in India. The company is managed by the Poonawalla group- fully owned by Cyrus Poonawalla. The company is the fifth biggest vaccinemaker by volume the top four being GlaxoSmithKline Sanofi-Aventis Merck and Novartis. Half the children in the world are immunized by vaccines made by the company which is the world's biggest maker of measles and DTP vaccines.
 Glendale Career College is a private for-profit postsecondary college. Glendale Career College offers diploma associate degree and certification programs at its main campus in Glendale California of Los Angeles County. Glendale Career College was established in 1946 by Dr. Byron Prout. It is now owned and operated by the Fuerst family of Success Education Colleges.
 Østfold Energi is a Norwegian energy producer within the business areas of hydropower wind and heat. The company operates hydroelectric power plants in Østfold and Sogn og Fjordane with an annual power production of 1680 TW·h/year.
 M&G is a leading investment manager in the UK and overseas. It is an autonomous business within the Prudential Group running its own retail and institutional funds operation and functioning as the asset manager for Prudential in Europe.Currently M&G is the official sponsor of the RHS Chelsea Flower Show.M&G invests in and manages a wide range of assets including Equities Fixed Income and Property.
 Acme Packet is a company based in Bedford Massachusetts which produces and markets session border controllers (SBCs) multiservice security gateways (MSGs) and session routing proxies (SRPs). It is a public company incorporated in Delaware. Acme Packet customers include 89 of the largest 100 service providers in the world. Acme Packet employs over 761 individuals in 31 countries.
 Cinebook Ltd is a British publishing company that publishes comic books and graphic novels. It describes itself as the 9th art publisher the 9th art being comics in continental Europe especially France Belgium and Italy.They typically translate French comics into English and have also issued an original series about the French Queen Marguerite de Valois also known as Queen Margot.
 Time Warner Interactive Entertainment was a games developer and publisher responsible for games such as Primal Rage and Ms. Pac-Man.[citation needed]
 Gonow (officially Zhejiang Gonow Auto Co. Ltd.) (浙江吉奥汽车有限公司) is a Chinese manufacturer of automobiles commercial vehicles and SUV's headquartered in Taizhou Zhejiang and a subsidiary of GAC Group. It markets its products under the brand name GAC Gonow in China and as Gonow in other markets.
 TransGoldfields is the brand name of the bus system in Kalgoorlie-Boulder.
 Biomatrica is a United States-based biotechnology company that develops and sells products and technologies for maintaining the stability of biological samples at ambient temperatures. The company offers inexpensive and sustainable alternatives to cold storage for preventing degradation of perishable biological samples such as DNA RNA proteins cells and diagnostic assays.
 Ghostfire Games is a video game developer and publisher based out of Austin Texas U.S. founded in late 2007. The company currently specializes in games for the WiiWare platform.
 No Limit Records was an American hip-hop record label that was founded in 1990 by rapper entrepreneur and CEO Percy Master P Miller. The label's albums were distributed by Priority Records Universal Music Group and Koch Records.
 The Avalon Group is a London-based business in the entertainment industry. It was established in 1989.It consists of the following companies: Avalon Management artist management Avalon Promotions event programming Avalon Public Relations public relations and marketing agency established in 1997 Avalon Television established in 1993 Liberty Bell Productions established in 2002 and purchased by the Avalon Group in 2005.
 Particle Systems Ltd. was a computer game developer based in Sheffield England. The company was founded by Glyn Williams and Michael Powell. Games developed by Particle Systems include Independence War and its sequel Independence War 2: Edge of Chaos. The company was working on tactical combat game EXO when it was acquired by Argonaut Games in January 2002 and became Argonaut's Sheffield studios.
 Harvard–Yenching Institute (simplified Chinese: 哈佛燕京学社; traditional Chinese: 哈佛燕京學社; pinyin: hāfó yànjīng xuéshè) is an independent foundation dedicated to advancing higher education in Asia in the humanities and social sciences with special attention to the study of Asian culture. Its offices are located on the campus of Harvard University in Cambridge Massachusetts but it is not part of Harvard.
 The Pullman was an American automobile manufactured in York Pennsylvania by the York Motor Car Company from 1905 to 1917. Total production is estimated at anywhere from 12000 to 23000 cars. The Pullman automobile was named by industrialist A. P. Broomell to reflect the quality and luxury of rail cars and coaches made by the Pullman Company but the two organizations were not related.
 R Family Vacations is a LGBT vacation entertainment company that provides luxury cruise ship trips with a focus on inclusive activities for children and services including same-sex marriage ceremonies.
 Global Cable is a cable company in the Philippines.
 Grayling is a public relations firm with 1000 staff working in 53 offices across the US Western Europe Eastern Europe the Middle East Africa and Asia Pacific. It is a subsidiary of Huntsworth PLC.
 Iberojet is a Spanish ass company and a constituent of the Orizonia Corporation.
 Aktien-Gesellschaft „Weser (abbreviated A.G. „Weser”) was one of the major German shipbuilding companies located at the Weser River in Bremen. Founded in 1872 it was finally closed in 1983. Altogether A.G. „Weser built about 1400 ships of different types including many warships. A.G. „Weser was leading company in Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau AG a cooperation of eight German shipbuilding companies between 1926 and 1945.
 ArmSwissBank CJSC is a private and investment bank founded in Yerevan on February 2005 after receiving the banking licence N84 from the Central Bank of Armenia. Shortly after the bank was also granted brokerage license (NBG 0064) and custody license (NPG 0065) to broaden its activities.The bank cooperates with KfW and EBRD within the scope of renewable energy and corporate lending programs.
 Ted's Montana Grill is an American restaurant chain specializing in bison. The company was founded by media mogul and bison rancher Ted Turner along with restaurateur George McKerrow Jr. with the help of corporate chef Chris Raucci as a for-profit effort to stop the extinction of the American bison. The first Ted's Montana Grill opened in January 2002 in Columbus Ohio U.S. Today it has 44 restaurants in 16 states.
 Filemobile Inc. is a privately owned software development company that develops Software as a Service (SaaS) applications for rich media experiences online. Many major media companies in Canada (e.g. CTV CBC Rogers Media Transcontinental MSN) and a variety of digital agencies brands educational institutions and enterprise clients use Filemobile's software.
 Xinhua Sports & Entertainment Limited (Chinese: 新华悦动传媒有限公司)XSEL is a sports and entertainment media group in China.XSEL distributes its content across a broad range of platforms such as television Internet mobile phone and other multimedia assets that reach:250 million television viewers 125 million radio listeners 640 million potential mobile phone users 45 million Chinese university Internet users.[citation needed]
 TunisAir Express (French: Société des Lignes Intérieures et Internationales Arabic: الخطوط التونسية السريعة‎) operating under the name TunisAir Express is an airline based in Tunis Tunisia that was founded on August 1 1991.
 DAS Air Cargo was a Ugandan cargo airline based at Entebbe. It operated all-cargo services between Europe and 20 cities throughout Africa the Middle East and the Far East. Entebbe was a major hub for business in east and southern Africa and also for flights from Bangkok which stage through Dubai.
 Dead Man's Curve is a crescent or horseshoe-shaped section of a road that has claimed lives because of numerous traffic accidents. They include:
 Shoreline Records is an independent record label originally based in Toronto Ontario now based in Kingsville Ontario Canada. The music label was established by Jeff Burns & Tim Towle & employed Tom Kemp & Jennifer Temple. It is distributed through the Universal Music Group.
 Formac is a European based manufacturer of various PC devices. Formac is most widely known for its TFT Display range desktop and portable data storage products or historically for its advanced Graphics cards and video conversion products.
 Findmypast is a privately held UK-based online genealogy service owned by British company DC Thomson Family History. It was the first company in the world to make the complete birth marriage and death indexes for England & Wales available online and for this was awarded the Queen's Award for Innovation in 2007. In October 2011 findmypast used the new UK product placement legislation opportunities by sponsoring a genealogy TV series.
 Popmoney is a person to person payments service (P2P) developed by CashEdge (now part of Fiserv) and launched in December 2010. The service enables individuals to send and receive payments electronically in a manner that is designed to displace traditional check payments.
 The Trump Entrepreneur Initiative (formerly Trump University) is an online education company owned and founded by Donald Trump. A part of The Trump Organization the company offers courses in real estate asset management entrepreneurship and wealth creation charging fees ranging from US$1500 to US$35000.It is not an accredited university or college and does not confer college credits or degrees.
 EC Music is the record label of IEC Record subsidiary of IEC and fellow subsidiary of Media 8 Entertainment.[citation needed] EC Music label aims to specialize in particular genres of music to provide marketing insight and high quality music. The first artist signed by EC Music is Sam Hui. In October 2007 EC Music has released an album consisting of 10 new songs of Sam Hui after his last new album 17 years ago. In February 2008 EC Music released a classical-pop album for VEGA.
 BBC News is an operational business division of the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) responsible for the gathering and broadcasting of news and current affairs. The department is the world's largest broadcast news organisation and generates about 120 hours of radio and television output each day as well as online news coverage. The service maintains 44 foreign news bureaux and has correspondents in almost every country.
 The Bespoke Collection is a wine producer and lifestyle brand based in Yountville California in the United States. The company comprises two wine labels: Blackbird Vineyards and Recuerdo Wines and a wine art and design gallery called Ma(i)sonry Napa Valley. Bespoke Collection also has an additional art gallery in St. Helena California called I. Wolk Gallery.
 InterTAN Canada Ltd. was a Canadian consumer electronics retailer that operated stores under the banner The Source by Circuit City and a single THS Studio location. It was a wholly owned subsidiary of Circuit City Stores Inc. as of May 19 2004. InterTAN is based in Barrie Ontario Canada. The Rogers Plus chain was previously operated by InterTAN on behalf of Rogers Communications; the chain is now managed directly by Rogers.
 Ransomes Sims and Jeffries (also Ransomes Ransomes & Sims Ransomes Head & Jefferies Ransomes Sims & Head) was a major British agricultural machinery maker producing a wide range of products including traction engines trolleybuses ploughs lawn mowers combine harvesters and other tilling equipment. They also manufactured aeroplanes during the First World War. Their railway equipment business was continued by Ransomes & Rapier after 1869.
 Festool is a producer of power tools especially for cabinetry. It is located in Wendlingen Germany where most of its power tools are produced. The company is a subsidiary of the TTS Tooltechnic Systems holding company.Festool was established as an independent company in 2000 after being spun off from its parent company Festo which was concentrating on automation technology.
 Sunnylab Sunnylab is a specialist supplier of purified human antigens and reagents to the diagnostic and life science research and development community. It is a subsidiary of SCIPAC Ltd a global manufacturer of diagnostic reagents In 2010 SCIPAC Ltd became part of BBInternational.
 First Greater Manchester (formerly First Manchester) is a bus operator in Greater Manchester. It is a subsidiary of FirstGroup.
 Chromasette was the first cassette-based TRS-80 Color Computer magazine produced by David Lagerquist and was an offshoot of CLOAD magazine. The first issue was published July 1981 and the last issue may have been April 1984 (needs verification). Issues were published monthly. While some references cite the price as having been $3.50 USD an issue it was advertised in Creative Computing magazine in May 1983 as $45 USD a year for 12 issues $25 USD for 6 issues or $5 USD each.
 Disney Channels Worldwide (officially ABC Cable Networks Group Inc.) is a subsidiary of Disney-ABC Television Group a unit of Disney Media Networks the division of The Walt Disney Company that operates various children's television channels around the world: Disney Channel Disney XD Disney Junior Disney Cinemagic Dlife and Hungama TV.
 EGREM (Empresa de Grabaciones y Ediciones Musicales; Spanish for Enterprise of Recordings and Musical Editions) is the oldest Cuban record company. It comprises the EGREM label (as well as some sublabels) and the recording studio Estudio EGREM and is located in Havana. It was founded in 1964 following the Cuban Revolution. It also become known as Areito as the 1960s started to come to a close.
 Nanoco is a nanotechnology company located in Manchester United Kingdom founded in 2001. The company is a spinoff of research pursued at the University of Manchester.Nanoco Technologies is unique in the nanomaterials market as a company that manufactures large quantities of quantum dots in particular cadmium-free quantum dots.
 The Schwinn Bicycle Company was founded by German-born mechanical engineer Ignaz Schwinn (1860–1945) in Chicago in 1895. It became the dominant manufacturer of American bicycles through most of the 20th century and today after declaring bankruptcy in 1992 it is a sub-brand of Pacific Cycle owned by the multi-national conglomerate Dorel Industries.
 Pegaso (Spanish pronunciation: [peˈɣaso] Pegasus) was a Spanish make of trucks omnibuses tractors armored vehicles and for a while sports cars. The parent company Enasa was created in 1946 and based in the old Hispano-Suiza factory under the direction of the renowned automotive engineer Wifredo Ricart. In 1990 Iveco took over Enasa and the Pegaso name disappeared in 1994.Enasa a state-owned company had its main business interest in the truck and bus market.
 edding AG is a German company manufacturing writing and marking tools such as felt-tip pens and permanent markers.The company's products are immensely popular in Germany leading to the brand name Edding being widely used as a generic name for permanent markers quite similar to Sharpie in the United States.
 Bluebox Limited Films is a production company banner founded by Iowa filmmakers Scott Beck & Bryan Woods. The company produces feature films shorts commercials and television content. The company's film-maker founders were among the top 50 in the Director's competition of Project Greenlight.
 Movenda is a company that provides software products for Device&SIMCard Remote Management. Movenda works for Mobile Operators Handset&SIMCard manufacturers Mobile Virtual Network Operator to accelerate the adoption of new technologies and services.
 H & R 1871 LLC (Harrington & Richardson) is a manufacturer of firearms under the Harrington & Richardson and New England Firearms trademarks. H&R is a subsidiary of the Freedom Group.
 Created in 1977 by Funarte in partnership with the Culture Departments of Municipal and State but interrupted since 1997 for lack of funds Projeto Pixinguinha is the name of a cultural event that aims to spread the Música Popular Brasileira throughout Brazil. It is currently favored by Rouanet Law and the multinational Petrobras is the biggest sponsor.
 Hot Topic is an American retail chain specializing in music and pop culture-related clothing and accessories as well as licensed music. The majority of the stores are located in regional shopping malls. The first Hot Topic store was opened in 1988 by Orv Madden who retired as CEO in 2000 and was replaced by Betsy McLaughlin who headed the company until 2011. Jasmine Budler assumed the position of CEO in March 2011. The company went public and began trading on NASDAQ in 1996.
 360networks Corporation and its associated companies all herein referred to as 360networks was a wholesale telecommunications carrier based in Seattle Washington whose entire assets and operations were sold to the Zayo Group on December 1 2011 and no longer exists as an operating telecommunications company.
 Société de transport du Saguenay (STS) is the public transport company in Saguenay Quebec Canada formerly the Corporation intermunicipale de transport du Saguenay (CITS). They operate from three main terminals located in the boroughs of Chicoutimi Jonquière and La Baie.
 2RN is the trading name of RTÉ Transmission Network Ltd a wholly owned subsidiary of Raidió Teilifís Éireann formally trading as RTÉNL which runs Ireland's principal digital terrestrial television and radio broadcast networks. In Dec 2002 it became an incorporated company and subsidiary of RTÉ it was previously a division within RTÉ. It operates 12 main TV and radio transmitter sites and many smaller relays and transposers which carry television and/or radio.
 Infrasoft Technologies Ltd is a financial solutions providers (product development and IT services) software company headquartered in Mumbai India. Infrasoft is a provider of anti money laundering software services and Islamic Banking.
 Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts (BCBSMA) is a state licensed private health insurance company under the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association with headquarters in Boston.
 The Historical Aircraft Corporation was an American aircraft manufacturer based in Nucla Colorado. The company specialized in the design and manufacture of kit aircraft that were scale replicas of Second World War and vintage aircraft.Construction techniques used in the company's products included welded 4130 steel fuselage frames covered in either doped aircraft fabric or in a shell of polyurethane foam and fiberglass.The company is no longer in business.
 The Eyrie Vineyards is an American winery in Oregon that consists of 49 acres (20 ha) in several different vineyards in the Willamette Valley. The vineyards and winery were established by owner and winemaker David Lett who produced the first Pinot gris in the United States. Against the advice of viticultural professors at the University of California Davis Lett and his wife Diana moved to Oregon to plant Pinot noir in 1965.
 Trampoline is a full-service marketing branding advertising web development and mobile agency headquartered in Halifax Nova Scotia. The firm was founded in 1988 and originally named Page & Wood. The agency was renamed Trampoline Creative Inc.
 Diamond Resorts International (DRI) is a vacation ownership (similar to a destination club or a timeshare) allowing persons to purchase a real estate interest in 89 managed resorts and 163 affiliated resorts (many of them formerly owned by Sunterra resorts and timeshares) in 33 countries. In addition four cruise itineraries are also available through DRI timeshare exchange.DRI global headquarters is located at 10600 W Charleston Blvd. Las Vegas Nevada.
 Three-Sixty Pacific is an American video game publisher and developer. Founded in the late 1980s by avid wargamers and military history enthusiasts.
 Guotai Junan Futures (simplified Chinese: 国泰君安期货) is a Futures Commission Merchant in mainland China.With a registered capital of 160 million RMB Guotai Junan Futures was established by Guotai Junan Securities and became a wholly owned subsidiary of it.
 de Passe Entertainment is an American film and television production company run by entertainment executive Suzanne de Passe. The company was originally founded by Berry Gordy Jr. in 1968 as Motown Productions the film and television arm of Gordy's Motown Records label. In 2008 de Passe and Madison Jones started a successor company de Passe Jones Entertainment.
 SpareBank 1 Nordvest is a Norwegian savings bank with branches in Nordmøre in addition to Molde and Ålesund. The bank has 11 branch offices with a head office in Kristiansund and has total assets of NOK 5 billion. The bank is part of the bank alliances SpareBank 1 and Samarbeidende Sparebanker.There are branch offices located in Averøy Eide Frei Gjemnes Halsa Kristiansund Molde Smøla Tingvoll Tustna Ålesund.
 Air New England was an American commuter airline with service to New England communities during the 1970s. It was headquartered at Logan International Airport in the East Boston area of Boston Massachusetts.
 Cayman Chemical Company is an American biotechnology company founded in 1980 headquartered in Ann Arbor MI. The company provides chemicals that are used primarily by universities and pharmaceutical companies for research and the development of medicines. The company is also known as a provider of reference standards to state and federal crime labs for use in the detection of rapidly evolving designer drugs.
 ULS Airlines Cargo (formerly Kuzu Airlines Cargo) is a cargo airline based in Istanbul Turkey. It operates international cargo services. Its main base is Atatürk International Airport.
 TT Hellenic Postbank (formerly the Greek Postal Savings Bank Greek: Ταχυδρομικό Ταμιευτήριο) was a commercial bank based in Athens in Greece.The bank's license was withdrawn in January 2013 and it was put into liquidation.
 K-Tel International is an As-Seen-On-TV company which is most noted for its compilation music albums such as The Super Hits series The Dynamic Hits series and The Number One Hits series.[citation needed] It is also known for The Record Selector The Micro-Roast The Tote-a-Tune portable stereo and many other products.
 Cabo Verde Express is a Cape Verdean charter aviation company that operates between the different islands of Cape Verde and the African continent. It was established in 1998 and started operations with a Cessna Caravan (D4-CBJ). Currently they fly Let 410 UVPs. The airline employs 13 pilots (1 part-time).Its head office is at the Amílcar Cabral International Airport in Espargos Sal.
 Frey Wille is an enamel jewellery manufacturer based in Vienna Austria founded in 1951. The trademark is usually written FREYWILLE. The label is known for its artistically hand decorated designs that are based on the works of 19th and 20th century artists. Next to its headquarters in Vienna the company operates 86 shops worldwide.The former name of the company was Michaela Frey Emaillemanufaktur.
 Undermine Records is an American independent electronic dance music record label. Undermine was formed in Atlanta GA in 2004 by Producers Jonathan Kehrer and Jay Sustain who is still currently the owner. Undermine is based in NYC NY.
 Mabuhay Investment Corporation (MIC) is a holding company owned by the Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company. It is formerly known as Mabuhay Satellite Corporation (MSC) a Filipino aerospace corporation responsible for operating communication satellites and before 2009 the only Philippine company to do so.It once owned the Agila 2 satellite which provides the most powerful coverage in the Asia-Pacific region. Aside from satellite operation it also provides satellite-related services.
 William Press Group was leading British engineering business which merged with Leonard Fairclough & Son to become a FTSE 100 Company.
 Dux (also known as Duks or Dooks) was a bicycle/automobile/aircraft factory in Moscow Russia before and during World War I. The factory was founded in 1893. The name comes from the Latin word dux (leader). Y. A. Meller was owner of the factory which was primarily focused on the building of French aircraft designs. The factory is still active at its original location and returned to its original name several years ago.
 Clever Bins is UK trademark and patented a high-end solar-powered street litter bin for the display of digital outdoor advertising.
 Guinea Equatorial Airlines (GEASA) is an airline based in Malabo Equatorial Guinea. It was established and started operations in 1996 and operates domestic charter services. Its main base is Malabo International Airport.The airline is on the list of air carriers banned in the European Union.
 BBCN Bancorp Inc. (BBCN Bancorp) is a holding company for BBCN Bank. The bank is the largest Korean-American bank in the US. The company focuses the business in Korean communities and it offers its customers commercial banking loan and deposit products through 50 full-service branches and six loan production offices. The Company’s profit mainly comes from earning interest on loans and investment securities.
 Aexpa S.A. is a charter airline based at Matecaña International Airport in Pereira Colombia. The airline was founded in May 2001.
 Visibility develops Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software which targets small to mid-sized Engineer-to-Order (ETO) Make-to-Order (MTO) Mixed-Mode and Project-Oriented Manufacturing companies.
 The Macao Water Supply Company Limited (Chinese: 澳門自來水股份有限公司; Portuguese: Sociedade de Abastecimento de Águas de Macau) or Macao Water (Chinese: 澳門自來水; Portuguese: SAAM) in short is a company dealing with water supply in Macau China.
 Accel-KKR is a technology-focused private equity firm with over $2.5 billion in capital under management. The firm invests primarily in software and IT-enabled businesses well positioned for top-line and bottom-line growth. At the core of Accel-KKR's investment strategy is a commitment to developing strong partnerships with the management teams of its portfolio companies and a focus on building value through significant resources available through the Accel-KKR network.
 Of an older production company see Vanguard Productions.Vanguard Films & Animation often named only as Vanguard Animation was an American animation studio founded in 2002 by producer John H. Williams and Neil Braun.Vanguard is based in West Hollywood California and has offices in British Columbia Canada and Ealing Studios in London England United Kingdom.Starz Media owns a minority stake in Vanguard.
 The Harzwasserwerke GmbH (Harz Water Works Limited) is a major German water company and dam operator based in Hildesheim located within the German federal state of Lower Saxony.Founded in 1928 the Harzwasserwerke were tasked with supplying drinking water providing electrical power and flood protection.
 Crowthers is an Australian coach charter coach company in Sydney. Until January 2009 it operated route bus services in the Sutherland Shire.
 busuu is a social network for learning languages. It is based on a freemium business model. The website provides learning units for twelve languages: English Spanish French German Italian Portuguese (Brazil) Russian Polish Turkish Arabic Japanese and Chinese. Users select one or more of these languages and work through the self-paced units.
 Springfield Armory Inc. is a firearms manufacturer and importer based in Geneseo Illinois founded in 1974. It is one of the largest firearm companies in the world.[citation needed] Four-time recipient of the National Rifle Association American Rifleman Golden Bullseye award.
 Coudert Brothers LLP was a New York-based law firm with a strong international outlook that practiced from 1853 until its dissolution in 2006.
 Semitan is the company responsible for the comprehensive public transport network of Nantes Métropole the urban community of the French city of Nantes. The network operated by Semitan is marketed under the name and logo TAN and this abbreviated form is also sometimes used to refer to the company.
 Chopper City Records is a record company founded by CEO Christopher B.G. Dorsey and Co-CEO Carol Dorsey in Metairie Louisiana. Dorsey signed an independent deal for his Chopper City Records with Koch Records in 2003. After Hurricane Katrina Chopper City Records had relocated to Detroit Michigan but later relocated back to Louisiana in Destrehan. B.G. and the roster completed their contracts with Koch in 2007 and B.G. signed a solo deal with Atlantic Records. B.G.
 Rayonier headquartered in Jacksonville Florida is the seventh largest private timberland owner in the United States with over 2300000 acres (9300 km2) owned or leased in the US Southeast the Gulf states and the Pacific Northwest providing geographic diversity. In addition to its U.S. holdings Rayonier also owns or leases 300000 acres (1200 km2) of land in New Zealand.
 The Ghabbour Group is an Egyptian manufacturer of automobiles buses trucks and motorcycles located in Cairo.The company was founded in 1960 by the brothers Kamal and Sadek Ghabbour because they realized that the automotive sector is a growing market. In its first time the company was named Ghabbour Brothers Today the Group is manufacturing vehicles for a lot of brands such as: Bajaj Auto Hyundai and Volvo.
 Nihilent is a Pune-based mid size Indian IT company. Nihilent derives its origin from the Latin word 'Nihil' meaning 'nothing'. Founded by Mr L. C. Singh in 2000 Nihilent describes itself as a global consulting and solution integration organization that uses a holistic and systems approach to problem solving. Its operations span Africa Asia Europe the Middle East and the USA. Nihilent has portfolio that consists of both IT services and products.
 Dyson's Bus Services is a bus and coach operator in Melbourne Australia. As a Melbourne bus company it operates 31 bus routes under contract to the Government of Victoria.
 A2Z Travel was a diversified transportation company operating mainly in the Walsall and Wolverhampton areas of the West Midlands in west central England. The company also provided some bus services in South Staffordshire and Birmingham.
 Prateek Apparels is a clothing manufacturing and retail company based in Bengaluru India with more than 100 retail outlets across Karnataka. It was founded in 1995 by the PhulChand Group of Companies. Prateek Apparels has six manufacturing units in Bengaluru and Hubli which manufacture several global brands in addition to their own. Munch Design Workshop launched in June 2004 serves as their fashion and lifestyle design subsidiary.
 The Hayel Saeed Anam Group (Arabic: مجموعة شركات هائل سعيد أنعم‎) is a multi-billion dollar conglomerate active in the Middle East North Africa the Horn of Africa Europe and South East Asia. The group was responsible for 60% of the economy of Yemen in 2007 and is owned and managed by the Hayel Saeed Anam family that stands to be by far the richest family in the country.
 Reclaimed Space is an American company based in Austin Texas that builds custom sustainable living spaces out of reclaimed materials. They are known for their relocatable and drop-ready functionality. Reclaimed Space's architecture is also known for its solar/wind energy capabilities and rainwater harvesting systems.
 AeroSucre is a cargo airline based in Bogotá Colombia. It started operations in 1969 and operates scheduled international and domestic cargo services and passenger charters within the Americas. Its main base is El Dorado International Airport Bogotá.
 Surreal Software was a video game developer based in Kirkland Washington USA and a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment known for The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring The Suffering and Drakan series. Surreal Software employed over 130 designers artists and programmers. Surreal was acquired by Warner Bros. Games during the bankruptcy of Midway Games in July 2009.
 Canada West Airlines was an airline based in Canada. It ceased operations in 2004.
 Crescent City Records was a New Orleans Louisiana based record label of the mid-20th century that issued Dixieland jazz recordings.The label released the first single of the band The Wild Magnolias in 1970.
 Sharp Point Press (Chinese: 尖端出版) is a Taiwanese publisher of manga and music. It was founded in June 1982.
 PointCross is a technology company that develops enterprise software solutions for specialized industries including oil and gas exploration and Biopharma R&D. The company's main software platform Orchestra is an ontology engine for large business and technical datasets. The platform includes analytics decision support collaborative research and development solutions for drug safety in the Pharma industry and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
 Ports 1961 also known as Ports is a fashion house originally founded by Canadian entrepreneur Luke Tanabe (1920–2009) in Toronto in 1961 specializing in luxury ready-to-wear and accessories for men and women.Originally founded as Newport Canada in 1961 as an import business for clothing from Japan the company evolved into a women's fashion business with Vancouver-born Tanabe as its designer and was renamed Ports International in 1966.
 Incite is a strategic market research consultancy headquartered in central London and own by the St Ives Group. The company was founded in 2000 by Elaine Kent-Smith and Sid Simmons. Incite currently has offices in London New York and Singapore with an upcoming one in Shanghai. The company claims to have expertise in branding innovation segmentation behavioral change and pricing and focuses on the following four segments: technology FMCG healthcare and financial services.
 Janes Aviation was a British cargo airline based at London Southend Airport. Janes Aviation Limited holds a United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority Type A Operating Licence it is permitted to carry passengers cargo and mail on aircraft with 20 or more seats.
 Portsmouth Water is the utility company responsible for water supply and distribution in the City of Portsmouth part of East Hampshire and part of West Sussex. Places served include Gosport Fareham Portsmouth Havant Chichester and Bognor Regis. The company is a private limited company with company number 2536455.
 The Advanced Concepts Laboratory (ACL) formerly the Signature Technology Laboratory is one of eight labs in the Georgia Tech Research Institute. ACL conducts research and development in four technical areas: electromagnetic materials and structures electromagnetic apertures and scattering optical and infrared physics and phenomenology and secure information systems.
 Air Evac is a wholly owned subsidiary of PHI Air Medical part of Petroleum Helicopters Inc is a Medevac operator that provides services across Arizona United States Canada and Mexico. A provider of 80 helicopters Air Evac also uses five Beechcraft B200 King Air airplanes for long range stable emergencies. The airline is a daily flight operator from Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix.
 Pearson is an education publishing and assessment service to schools and corporations as well as directly to students. Pearson owns leading educational media brands including Addison–Wesley BBC Active Bug Club eCollege Fronter Longman MyEnglishLab Penguin Readers Prentice Hall Poptropica and Financial Times Press.Pearson is part of Pearson PLC which also owns Penguin Books and the Financial Times.
 Ethicon Endo-Surgery Inc. a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson is a company that designs and manufactures medical devices and surgical instruments with the intent of minimizing the invasiveness of surgery.The company's headquarters is in Blue Ash a suburb of Cincinnati Ohio. In addition to manufacturing surgical instruments the company provides training for surgeons.
 Modular Mining Systems Inc. (Modular) headquartered in Tucson Arizona U.S.A. is a privately held company that develops manufactures markets and services mining equipment management systems. Modular is the pioneer and industry leader in fleet management technology in mining.
 Moneycorp (TTT Moneycorp Limited) is a UK company offering foreign exchange (bureau de change) services to individual and corporate customers. It operates in a number of countries and also provides bulk foreign notes and travel money services via a number of travel companies and airlines.
 Semiotext(e) is an independent publisher of critical theory fiction philosophy art criticism activist texts and non-fiction.
 Chilltime is a massively multiplayer online games developer located in Lisbon Portugal Europe. The company develops browser-based Real-time strategy games.
 St. Catharines Transit provides bus service to the City of St. Catharines Canada and the neighbouring City of Thorold. The St. Catharines Transit Commission took over operation of transit services within the city from Canadian National Transportation in 1961.The Transit Operations Facility opened in 1991 and the Downtown Terminal (within the headquarters building of the Ontario Ministry of Transportation) opened in 1996.
 The Curiosity Company is Matt Groening's production company behind the television series Futurama and the 1999 television film Olive the Other Reindeer. The logo is the reflection of a surf board and other images from A Study In Wet a short film made by Matt's father Homer.
 Gigantic Music is an independent record label founded by Brian Devine in 2000. Gigantic Music is based out of New York City.Gigantic Music signed New York's well-established act The Walkmen for the band's fourth album You & Me. Other acts include Gringo Star Shy Child and Your Youth.
 Basho Technologies is a provider of distributed database software technology to fast-growing web businesses cloud operators large enterprises and public-sector organizations worldwide. Basho was founded in 2008 by a group of engineers and executives from Akamai Technologies with the goal of creating a new database platform that offers extreme high-availability low latency linear scalability and a decentralized architecture that would be easy to use and manage.
 Finlantic was a Finnish charter airline from 1961 to 1963.
 Lingo is a VoIP (Voice over IP) provider in the United States. It offers local and long distance calls anywhere in the U.S. to Canada and to Western Europe plus over 25 calling features.
 This article is about the corporation known as IDWK.International Display Works Inc. NASDAQ: IDWK manufactures and designs liquid crystal display LCD products internationally though its factories in the People's Republic of China. Its products are found in the telecommunications automotive medical computing home appliance and consumer electronics industries.
 Ganong Bros. Limited is Canada's oldest candy company; it was founded by James and Gilbert Ganong in 1873 in St. Stephen New Brunswick where it is based to this day. The primary product is boxed chocolates.
 Humana Press is an academic publisher of science technology and medical books and journals. Humana publishes more than 100 new books and 25 journals per year with a back list of approximately 1500 titles in areas such as molecular biology neuroscience cancer research pathology and medicine.The company was founded in 1976 in Clifton New Jersey by Thomas L. Lanigan and his wife Julia Lanigan both chemists and published its first book in 1977.
 The TVX Broadcast Group was an American media company that owned a group of UHF television stations during the 1980s. Originally known as the Television Corporation the company was headquartered in Norfolk Virginia and was founded by a group of Norfolk-area businessmen led by Timothy McDonald. TVX began with a start-up television station WTVZ in 1979.
 Kenya Commercial Bank (Uganda) (KCB Uganda) is a commercial bank in Uganda. It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Uganda the central bank and national banking regulator.
 Aero Bravo is a Brazilian aircraft manufacturer founded in 1993 in Belo Horizonte. The firm manufactures light aircraft of its own design and under license.
 Rotary Watches Ltd was established at La Chaux-de-Fonds Switzerland by Moise Dreyfuss in 1895. By the 1920s family members Georges and Sylvain Dreyfuss began importing Rotary watches to Britain which was to become the company's most successful market. Rotary is still an independent family company and at present Robert Dreyfuss – the great grandchild of Moise Dreyfuss – is its chairman. In 1940 Rotary became the official watch supplier for the British Army.
 GateHouse Media Inc. (formerly Liberty Group Publishing) is a U.S. newspaper publisher headquartered in the town of Perinton New York that publishes 97 dailies in 20 states and 198 paid weeklies in addition to free papers shoppers and specialty and niche publications.The company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on September 27 2013. It reemerged from the preplanned bankruptcy in November 2013.
 Tomy Co. Ltd. (株式会社タカラトミー株式会社 Kabushikigaisha takaratomī kabushikigaisha Takara Tomy) is a Japanese toy children's merchandise and entertainment company created from the merger of two companies: Tomy (founded in 1924 as Tomiyama changing the name to Tomy in 1963) and long-time rival Takara (founded in 1955). Merged on 1 March 2006 the company has its headquarters in Katsushika Tokyo.
 Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard is a Golden Colorado-based fast-food restaurant specializing in premium burgers and fresh frozen custard. Good Times Restaurants Inc. owns and operates 41 Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard locations 38 of which are in Colorado with two franchises in Wyoming and one in North Dakota. According to the company Good Times is looking to expand into the midwest in markets such as Omaha Sioux Falls Des Moines and Sioux City.[citation needed]
 Polity is an international publisher in the social sciences and humanities. It publishes around 100 books a year in sociology politics philosophy media and cultural studies health studies literary studies history anthropology and related subjects. Its books range from core textbooks to cutting-edge scholarly work. Polity publishes some of the world's leading thinkers in social and political theory and philosophy.
 JSC Concern Almaz-Antey (Russian: ОАО «Концерн ПВО „Алмаз-Антей“») is a Russian joint undertaking in the arms industry a result of a merger of Antey Corporation and NPO Almaz unifying some of the national military enterprises in particular the developers of anti-aircraft defence systems (PVO in Russian). The organisation is headquartered in Moscow.It is the world's 14th-largest defence contractor measured by 2012 defence revenues.
 Undead Labs is a Seattle Washington based game development studio which was founded in 2009 by Jeff Strain a former Blizzard employee and one of the co-founders of ArenaNet.
 Surya Group service history of several decades began in 1963 with humble origins from a single store providing multiple goods and commodities for the fledgling consumer market in [Dubai]. The initial enterprise forays included electronics watches textiles luxury consumer goods etc.
 Putfile was a free file hosting service started in January 2004 that provided video and photo hosting services. It was originally owned by Putfile Limited in Godalming Surrey Great Britain and on February 6 2007 it was purchased by ZVUE Corporation an internet media company.
 Coal India Limited (CIL) is an Indian state-controlled coal mining company headquartered in Kolkata West Bengal India. It is the largest coal producer company in the world and contributes around 81% of the coal production in India. It produced 452 million tonnes of coal during FY 2012–13 and earned a revenue of INR 882.81 billion from sale of coal in the same financial year. Union Government of India owns 61% of the shares in CIL and controls the operations of CIL through Ministry of Coal.
 Midway Airlines was a United States airline founded on October 13 1976 by investor Irving T. Tague. Although it received its operating certificate from the Civil Aeronautics Board (CAB) prior to the passage of the Airline Deregulation Act in 1978 it is widely recognized as the first post-deregulation start-up.
 GGV Capital is a venture capital firm focused on expansion stage investments in the US and Asia. The firm invests across a range of sectors including Internet/Digital Media Cloud/SaaS and Mobile as well as the Consumer sector in China.GGV Capital which was founded as Granite Global Ventures in 2000 is based in Menlo Park and Shanghai.
 Entwicklungsring Süd (EWR) was a German consortium formed in 1959 to build a Mach 2 Vertical Take-Off Interceptor for the Luftwaffe.
 HSBC Mexico S.A. the principal operating company of Group Financiero HSBC S.A. de C.V. is one of Mexico’s four largest banking and financial service companies with 1400 branches and 5200 ATMs. HSBC purchased Banco Internacional S.A.
 SYS Technologies (NYSE MKT: SYS) also known simply as SYS provides information technology products through services and wireless communication systems for the Department of Defense Department of Homeland Security and various commercial customers. For large commercial customers in the telecommunications utilities construction chemical and biomedical industries its products and services are used to manage remote assets.
 STX Europe AS formerly Aker Yards ASA was until 2012 a subsidiary of the South Korean industrial chaebol STX Corporation.With headquarters in Oslo Norway STX Europe operated 15 shipyards in Brazil Finland France Norway Romania and Vietnam. The company had three business areas: Cruise & Ferries Offshore & Specialized Vessels and Other Operations.
 Maxi D is a Macedonian discount supermarket chain a part of the Skopski pazar AD Skopje company. The company also owns the supermarket chain SP market. Skopski pazar's supermarket chain is one of the biggest in the Republic of Macedonia.The discounts Maxi D are the first product that Skopski pazar AD Skopje exported outside Skopje and Maxi D became the fastest growing brand of the company.
 Corporate Flight Management is an charter airline based in Smyrna Tennessee USA. It started operations in 1982 and operates on-demand charter services for passengers and freight in the southern United States as well as a full-service fixed-base operation and is a Federal Aviation Administration certificated repair station.
 Fortnum & Mason (colloquially often shortened to just Fortnum's) is a department store situated in central London with an additional store at St Pancras railway station and various stockists worldwide. Its headquarters is located at 181 Piccadilly where it was established in 1707 by William Fortnum and Hugh Mason. It is privately owned by Wittington Investments Ltd.Fortnum & Mason is recognised internationally for its high quality goods and as an iconic British symbol.
 Canvas is a global technology company based in Reston Virginia. Canvas provides mobile apps to expand data collection and make sharing easier for organizations of all sizes. They create apps to gather information and the apps can be used from expense reports to installing soda fountains. All submissions are stored in the cloud and accessible for the user. Canvas allows the user to customize their apps and can include GPS location capture photos signature capture and reference data.
 The Lockheed Corporation (originally Loughead Aircraft Manufacturing Company) was an American aerospace company. Lockheed was founded in 1912 and later merged with Martin Marietta to form Lockheed Martin in 1995.
 Zaxby's is a franchised chain of casual dining restaurants offering chicken wings chicken fingers sandwiches and salads. The company operates primarily in the Southeastern United States with more than 600 locations.
 T&D Holdings is a Japanese insurance company. It is listed on the Nikkei 225. It is based in Tokyo Japan. Subidiaries include Taiyo Life Daido Life T&D Financial Life and T&D Asset Management.In 2012 it was ranked 413 in the Fortune Global 500 list with USD $ 26.6bn in revenue.
 Tiny Evil Records is a record label imprint run by Interscope Records executive Luke Wood. Its acts include AFI Jimmy Eat World Brand New and Nine Black Alps among others.
 Pork Farms is a Nottingham-based British producer and distributor of mainly pork-based bakery products.
 Toyobo Corporation (東洋紡績株式会社 Tōyōbōseki Kabushiki-gaisha TYO: 3101) is one of Japan's top makers of fibers and textiles including synthetic fibers (polyester nylon and acrylics) and natural fibers such as cotton and wool. The company's textiles are designed for clothing home furnishings and for industrial uses. Its textiles include spandex yarn for apparel polyurethane fiber for pantyhose and yarns for airbags and tire cords.
 Lee's Sandwiches International Inc. is a fast food restaurant chain found in the American Southwest specializing in Vietnamese cuisine. While originally famous for selling bánh mì (Vietnamese sandwiches) the chain has expanded its offering to many other goods including packaged spring rolls specialty drinks desserts and other food-to-go items. It has many different bánh mì and smoothie selections. The chain's Vietnamese-style sandwiches use French baguette bread.
 Adrenaline Family Entertainment Inc. was an amusement park operator headquartered in Edmond Oklahoma. It was created in 2007 by private equity firm Angelo Gordon & Co. when it acquired Clementon Park in Clementon New Jersey. The company originally had plans to expand by building a portfolio of regional amusement and water parks across the United States. Plans also included upgrades to existing facilities and addition of new rides and attractions.
 Thompson Creative is an American radio jingle production company formerly based in Dallas Texas.
 Razorworks was a video game developer based in Oxfordshire United Kingdom. Razorworks was founded in August 1996 and was owned by the video game publisher Empire Interactive.
 Alcove Entertainment is an independent film production and finance company based in the UK and the UAE. Alcove Entertainment has occasionally acted as a distributor for its own films. The company was founded by Amina Dasmal and Robin Fox in 2005.
 Spreecast Inc. is an Internet application and free social video broadcasting platform.The company was founded in 2011 by Jeff Fluhr founder and former CEO of online ticketing marketplace StubHub and is based in San Francisco California. According to Fluhr spreecast seeks to bring face-to-face interactions to the Internet in a far-reaching way.
 Human Capital Partners (HCP) is an retainedexecutive search company with a focus on the Automotive and Industrial sectors. Founded in 2004 by Vanessa Moriel Human Capital Partners has 13 offices in China and more than 50 professional search experts. HCP have been pioneers in conducting global and multi-country searches for automotive clients in China.
 CareMore is a Medicare healthcare company based in Cerritos California. CareMore provides the Medicare Advantage plan. The CareMore health plan is used by people in Los Angeles County Orange County San Bernardino County Santa Clara County California Nevada and Pima County Arizona.CareMore began using employed physician hospitalists in the mid-1990s after which their role expanded to include the treatment of patients outside the hospital.
 Turner International India Pvt. Ltd. is the Indian arm of the Turner Broadcasting System a Time Warner company. It manages the sales and marketing of Turner’s news and entertainment services in India and other South Asian countries.
 Pakistan Tobacco Company Limited was incorporated in 1947 immediately after independence when it took over the business of the Imperial Tobacco Company of British India which had been operational in the South Asia since 1905. Pakistan Tobacco Company is part of the British American Tobacco Group one of the world's most international business groups with brands sold in 180 markets around the world. It is located in Jhelum Pakistan.
 Rio Grande Games is a board game publisher based in Rio Rancho New Mexico. The company primarily imports and localizes foreign language German-style board games.
 Access Air was an airline based in Des Moines Iowa.
 Basilea Pharmaceutica Ltd. is a Switzerland-based biopharmaceutical company that was formed as a spin-off entity from the drug giant Hoffmann–La Roche in October 2000. Basilea is engaged in the development of antibacterial and antifungal agents to combat drug resistance.The company is based in Basel Switzerland.
 Trans Anguilla Airways (TAA) is an air charter airline operating to and from Anguilla Wallblake Airport to points in the Caribbean.TAA operates scheduled flights between Anguilla and Sint Maarten.It offers private charters shared charters executive/corporate charters sighseeing charters inter-island charters freight services and air ambulance services connecting Anguilla to other islands in the Leeward Islands. TAA also offers sightseeing flights to neighbouring islands.
 Richwood Area Community Hospital is a former hospital located in Richwood West Virginia. Prior to its closing in June 2008 it served that city and several surrounding communities.RACH was known as Sacred Heart Hospital when it opened in 1954. The hospital later changed its name to Richwood Area Medical Center when it was purchased by Charleston Area Medical Center. The hospital adopted its current name when CAMC sold the hospital to a community consortium.
 The Privatization Board of Turkey (Turkish: T.C. Başbakanlık Özelleştirme İdaresi Başkanlığı) founded in 27 November 1994 Law No.4046 is a government structure under Prime Minister of Turkey. It is responsible for the privatization process of public sector companies.
 K. G. Saur Verlag is a German publisher that specializes in reference information for libraries. The publishing house founded by Karl Saur is owned by Walter de Gruyter and is based in Munich.In 1987 K.G. Saur was acquired by Reed International. In 2000 Reed Elsevier sold K.G. Saur to the Gale Group a unit of The Thomson Corporation. Walter de Gruyter acquired it in 2006.
 G. B. Samuelson Productions was a British film production company which operated in the silent film and early sound film era of films during the period 1914 to 1933 during which time the company produced around 70 films. The company was run by G.B. Samuelson who also directed a number of films. The company also made several films under the names British-Super films and Napoleon Films.
 ESG (Electronic System and Logistics Group) is a limited liability company (GmbH) founded in 1967 in Munich. Shareholder partners in the firm are EADS Rohde & Schwarz Thales and Litef. The company headquartered in a Munich suburb has offices in Germany France USA and China. It employs over 1600 people.The company offers professional services primarily in the Automotive Aviation Logistics and Military sectors.
 The Manhasset Stable was the nom de course for an American Thoroughbred horse racing stable established in the early 1930s by Joan Whitney Payson founder of the New York Mets baseball team and a member of the prominent New York City Whitney family who have been major figures in the sport for more than one hundred years. Joan Payson named the stable for Manhasset New York where she grew up.
 Seiren Co. Ltd. (セーレン株式会社 Seiren Kabushiki Kaisha) (TYO: 3569) is a fiber manufacturing company based in Fukui Fukui Prefecture Japan in operation since May 1 1923. The company has two main offices: one in Tokyo and one in Fukui.
 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated is a corporation based in the United States that provides clinical laboratory services it runs operations in United Kingdom Mexico Brazil Puerto Rico and a laboratory in India and also has collaborative agreements internationally with various hospitals and clinics. It is a member of the Fortune 500 and the S&P 500 with corporate headquarters located in Madison New Jersey. The company has approximately 43000 employees.
 Stemilt Growers is a family-owned tree fruit growing packing and shipping company based in Wenatchee Washington. Stemilt is the largest fresh market sweet cherry shipper in the world and one of the nation's largest grower-packer-shippers of apples pears cherries and stone fruit. The company is also a leader in organic fruit production producing 26% of Washington's organic apples and 32% of the Pacific Northwest's organic pears.
 SinoLatin Capital is a Shanghai based-merchant bank specializing in private equity and research focused exclusively on cross border transactions between China and Latin America. The firm also provides advisory services related to mergers and acquisitions corporate restructurings and financings. Additionally the firm manages a pool capital for private equity investments.
 Transcend Information Inc. (Chinese: 創見資訊股份有限公司; pinyin: Chuàngjiàn Zīxùn Gǔfèn Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī) is a Taiwanese company headquartered in Taipei Taiwan that manufactures and distributes memory products.
 Yves Saint Laurent YSL (also known as Saint Laurent Paris) is a luxury fashion house founded by Yves Saint Laurent and his partner Pierre Bergé. The founder of the brand died in 2008 and had last produced the haute couture line in 2002.Founded in 1961 it has been considered one of the world's most prominent fashion houses and known for its modern and iconic pieces such as its tuxedo jackets for women.
 Virtual Iron Software was located in Lowell Massachusetts sold proprietary software for virtualization and management of a virtual infrastructure. Co-founded by Alex Vasilevsky Virtual Iron figured among the first companies to offer virtualization software to fully support Intel VT-x and AMD-V hardware-assisted virtualization.As of May 2009 Oracle Corporation agreed to acquire Virtual Iron Software Inc. subject to customary closing conditions.
 Shore Transit is a public transit agency that provides commuter bus service on the Lower Eastern Shore of the state of Maryland in the United States serving Somerset Wicomico and Worcester counties. The agency comes from the consolidation of Somerset Commuter Worcester County Ride and Wicomico Transit. A major transfer point is located in Salisbury Maryland where most of the buses gather thirty minutes after every hour.
 For the railway vehicle see Caboose.Kaboose is a Canadian media company targeting the broader English-speaking market. It publishes a website of the same name which focuses on family activities and parenting. On February 14 2006 the Company graduated to the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) from the TSX Venture Exchange and officially began trading on the TSX. The Company had revenue of CDN $20.6 million in 2006 and $35.5 million in 2007. The current CEO is Jason DeZwirek.
 Hawaii State Federal Credit Union (HSFCU) is a federally chartered credit union headquartered in Honolulu Hawaii and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA). HSFCU is the largest credit union in Hawaii. As of September 2013 HSFCU had $1.3 billion in assets approximately 77000 members and 8 branches.HSFCU's field of membership is open to state city and county employees in Hawaii as well as their immediate families.
 Falcon Cycles is a British bicycle manufacturer based in Brigg North Lincolnshire owned by Tandem Group.
 Medixsysteme company is one of the world's manufacturers of medical equipment based in France. The company offers products services and research in Medical aesthetic.
 Junkers Flugzeug- und Motorenwerke AG (JFM) more commonly Junkers was a major German aircraft manufacturer. It produced some of the world's most innovative and best-known airplanes over the course of its fifty-plus year history in Dessau Germany. It was founded there in 1895 by Hugo Junkers initially manufacturing boilers and radiators. During World War I and following the war the company became famous for its pioneering all-metal aircraft.
 Tantor Audio a division of Tantor Media is an independent publisher of unabridged fiction and nonfiction audiobooks located in Old Saybrook Connecticut. Tantor’s audiobooks include notable titles such as National Book Award Man Booker Prize and Pulitzer Prize winners and numerous New York Times Best Sellers. Tantor offers its audiobook titles as both physical discs and as downloads for the retail and library markets; Tantor's print and ebook line launched in 2012.
 Zen Internet is an Internet Service Provider (ISP) based in Rochdale in Greater Manchester England.
 Policy Press established in 1996 is an academic publisher based in the Faculty of Social Sciences and Law at the University of Bristol United Kingdom. Independent and not-for-profit the company specialises in the social sciences and aims to improve social conditions with publications that will make a positive difference to learning and research policy and practice.
 Kenyon & Kenyon LLP is a law firm specializing in intellectual property law. It competes with other IP specialty firms as well as with most general practice firms that have IP practices. The firm has offices in New York Washington DC and Silicon Valley. It provides its global clientele with litigation prosecution licensing and counseling services. The firm is particularly known for litigating high-stakes patent cases.
 National Leasing (French: Credit-Bail National) provides equipment leasing services to Canadian businesses in a variety of sectors. The company offers a third option to cash and bank financing for equipment purchases and is the largest Canadian lessor in small to midsize transactions. National Leasing is headquartered in Winnipeg Manitoba.
 Landkreditt Bank AS is a Norwegian commercial bank aimed explicitly at the agricultural sector. The bank only offers its products online and has no branch offices. It is owned by one of 13 agricultural cooperatives in Norway Landkreditt. Total equity is NOK 4.6 billion.Traditionally Landkreditt only offered credit to the agricultural sector but since 2002 the company has also expanded into other financial services like insurance mutual funds and mortgages.
 'The Klingspor Type Foundry' was a German hot metal type foundry established in 1892 when Carl Klingspor bought out the Rudhard’sche Foundry of Offenbach. His sons Karl and younger brother Wilhelm took on the business in 1904 renaming the foundry Gebrüder Klingspor in 1906 and turned it into a major concern.
 Sandals Resorts is an operator of all-inclusive resorts for couples in the Caribbean and part of Sandals Resorts International (SRI) parent company of Sandals Resorts Beaches Resorts Grand Pineapple Beach Resorts Fowl Cay Resort and several private villas. Founded by Jamaican-born Gordon Butch Stewart in 1981 SRI is based in Montego Bay Jamaica and is responsible for resort development service standards training and day-to-day operations.
 Grupo LeYa is a Portuguese multinational book publishing company established in January 2008 as a holding company incorporating some of the biggest Portuguese and Brazilian publishers and two of the large African publishers.
 BuzzBuzzHome is a Toronto Canadian company that provides an online listing service for new residential developments. It is a free wiki-powered listing service that sells more prominent listings for a monthly fee. BuzzBuzzHome receives over 300000 unique visitors per month. The company has other offices in Vancouver and New York City.
 Pearson Yachts was a leading manufacturer of fiberglass sailboats from the late 1950s till the late 1980s. Pearson Yachts was founded by cousins Clinton and Everett Pearson in a small garage located in SeekonkMA in 1956. The company was one of earliest fiberglass sailboat manufacturers. The Carl Alberg designed Triton 28 launched at the New York Boat Show in January 1959 began the modern era of fiberglass sailboat production.
 St. James's Place plc (branded as St. James's Place Wealth Management) is a UK-based wealth management business. It is headquartered in Cirencester and has 20 regional offices throughout the UK. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1997 and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
 Teteks (Macedonian: Тетекс) is a home furnishing manufacturer and retailer in the Republic of Macedonia with headquarters in Tetovo. It's the main sponsor and owner of the football club FK Teteks.
 2GO formally 2GO Travel is a ferry company which is based in Manila Philippines and part of 2GO Group a private company owned by the Chinese government through the China-Asean Investment Cooperation Fund. It is the largest ferry company in the Philippines with its main hub located in Eva Macapagal Super Terminal in Pier 15 in the Manila South Harbor.Until 2012 2GO was known as Negros Navigation.
 YP Midwest Publishing LLC. originally Ameritech Publishing Inc. was formed in 1983 during the Bell System Divestiture. It combined the former directory operations of Illinois Bell Indiana Bell Michigan Bell Ohio Bell and Wisconsin Telephone. Ameritech Publishing published telephone directories in Indiana Ohio Michigan and Wisconsin. Directories in Illinois were made in a joint venture with R. H.
 Eastern Shuttle is a provider of intercity bus service in the I-95 corridor between New York City and Richmond Virginia and is one of a number of companies that compete in the Chinatown bus market out of NYC's Chinatown.
 Black Wing Foundation is a video game publisher and developer located in Dnipropetrovsk Ukraine.
 Affinity Gaming formerly known as Herbst Gaming is a casino operator based in Paradise Nevada that operates under the name Terrible's. It shares its logo and headquarters with the family-owned Terrible Herbst Oil Company gas station franchise.
 Bully Hill Vineyards is a vineyard and winery located in Hammondsport New York United States in the Finger Lakes American Viticultural Area.
 Angels is a supplier of costumes based in London England to the film theatre and television industries as well as to the general public.
 Neotonic Software was a San Francisco based company that produced technology for email customer support founded by David Jeske and Brandon Long in 2001. Google acquired the company in April 2003 bringing its Trakken CRM product in-house where it was still in use as recently as March 2009.The company also developed the ClearSilver web templating language and the Archive email web archive. ClearSilver is Open Source and is used by several Google products and other projects such as Trac.
 Iranian Aluminium Company (IRALCO) (Persian: شرکت آلومینیوم ایران (ایرالکو)‏‎) is an Iranian aluminium manufacturing company.
 NetMotion Wireless is a privately held software company founded in 2001 and based in Seattle Washington. NetMotion Wireless develops software for organizations with mobile workforces focusing on security management and optimization of their wireless data deployments. The products allow customer organizations to maximize their return on investment in workforce automation by addressing the unique challenges introduced by wireless connectivity.
 Tradewind Books is a small Canadian publisher of children’s literature located in Vancouver BC. The company was founded in 1996 by Michael Katz and Carol Frank and their titles have since been internationally recognized for their illustrations writing and design. They release six to eight publications each year including picture books poetry books chapter books and young adult novels.
 MDS Gateways is a telecommunications company based in Dublin Ireland. It is a designer and supplier of unified communications products and markets its products in Europe South Africa and the US. It specializes in Integrated Services Digital Network (ISDN) terminal adapters ADSL modem routers IP communications terminal equipment voice and data exchange and circuit switched gateways. MDS Gateways smartphone applications are available for Android and iPhone.
 A2Zapps.com is an enterprise cloud computing company headquartered in New Delhi India specializing in business software on a subscription basis (SaaS software as a service). A2Zapps.com hosts the applications including its Windows-like On-line Work Desktop. It is incorporated as A2Z Applications.com Pvt. Ltd.
 Fetch TV is an Australian Internet Protocol television (IPTV) founded in July 2010 operating a subscription television service over a user's regular internet service.
 HNZ is a New Zealand based helicopter operator serving the Oil & Gas EMS & Government markets. Operating a mix of light and medium turbine-engined helicopters it performs helicopter transport and air work for a number of private and government clients across Australia New Zealand Southeast Asia & Antarctica.
 Catawissa Bottling Company is a producer of soft drinks located in Catawissa PA. The company also distributes beer ice cups taps and related items. Catawissa Bottling Company was formed in 1926 when the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture issued a license to bottle soda to Bruce Gregorowicz and his wife Suzanne Wegronovich Gregorowicz. The couple purchased a creamery in Catawissa and converted it to a bottling facility.
 Carlton Publishing Group is a London-based book publisher of illustrated reference biography leisure and entertainment books. It publishes books under the imprints of Carlton Books Goodman Books André Deutsch and Prion.
 ParkWhiz is an e-parking service that allows users to book a guaranteed parking space before reaching their destination. In addition to its consumer-focused parking solutions ParkWhiz creates software to help parking owners manage and market their parking using the ParkWhiz website mobile apps and data APIs. ParkWhiz was launched in Chicago Illinois as an event based service.
 Millennial Media is the leading independent audience platform in digital advertising.The company’s mobile-first approach to audience targeting helps brands connect to consumers in powerful ways and helps developers maximize their revenue.
 Hi Records was a Memphis soul and rockabilly label started in 1957 by singer Ray Harris record store owner Joe Cuoghi Bill Cantrell and Quinton Claunch (formerly producers for Sun Records) and three silent partners including Cuoghi's lawyer Nick Pesce.Hi Records' first big hit was Smokie Part 2 an instrumental by The Bill Black Combo in 1959. Black was a bass player with Elvis Presley and a long-time friend of Ray Harris.
 PointClear is a limited liability company that works with business-to-business companies in the areas of lead generation and outsourced prospecting. It is known for its multiple touch system - it contacts leads repeatedly via phone voicemail and email.
 Friskies PetCare Company a division of Nestlé merged with Ralston Purina and became Nestlé Purina PetCare in 2001 after Nestlé acquired all of the outstanding shares of Ralston Purina.
 Defected Records is a UK record label specialising in house music recordings events artist booking and management.
 Pepco Holdings Inc. (PHI) is a holding company incorporated in February 2001 for the purpose of affecting the acquisition of Conectiv Power Delivery by Potomac Electric Power Company (better known as Pepco). The acquisition was completed on August 1 2002 at which time Pepco and Conectiv became wholly owned subsidiaries of PHI.
 Ya Horng Electronic Co. Ltd. (Chinese: 亞弘; pinyin: Yàhóng; MYX: YAHO TWSE: 6201) is a manufacturing company that has a history of producing audio equipment home appliances and health care products. Founded in 1972 the company started out in Tainan Taiwan before soon expanding overseas in both Penang Malaysia and Dong Guan China.
 Seguros Universal is an all lines insurance company founded in 1964. It is licensed to operate in the Dominican Republic. Currently the leader in most lines of insurance in the country. At the moment the company holds around 32% of the insurance market in that country.Seguros Universal was founded by a group of insurance professionals headed by Rafael A. De León. In 1983 the company was purchased by Grupo Popular the largest financial entity in the country and Mr. Alejandro E.
 PTC Alliance Holdings Corp is an international corporation specializing in steel products. It is a leading worldwide manufacturer of Electric Resistance Welded (ERW) and Drawn Over Mandrel (DOM) mechanical steel tube. They also create shaped tube chrome rod and fabricated steel components. The corporation can trace its roots to the formation of Pittsburgh Tube in 1924. It is headquartered in the Pittsburgh suburb of Wexford PA. PTC Alliance has 8 manufacturing facilities in the U.S.A.
 Monoblock Industry of Imagineering is a design and publishing firm established in February 2004 by Pablo Galuppo and Vik Arrieta. Currently located in Buenos Aires Argentina Monoblock publishes young artists and illustrators of Argentina and the world using designed objects as a canvas in limited series of art products stationary illustrated and comic books apparel homeware and decor.
 Game Doctors is an App studio well known for creating Zombie Smash which has been downloaded more than 3 million times was acquired by App publisher Zynga during December 2012
 The Datong Coal Mining Group is a third-largest state-owned coal mining enterprise in China after Shenhua Group and China National Coal Group Corporation. It is located at Datong City the second largest city in Shanxi Province which has the greatest coal deposits in China.Formerly Datong Coal Mining Administration it was established in 1949.
 Assura Group is a British-based property business headquartered in Warrington. It develops property for primary care. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and was formerly a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
 Uralkali is a Russian potash fertilizer company. It is traded on the London Stock Exchange using the symbol URKA. and its largest shareholder is billionaire Suleyman Kerimov. The company is based in Berezniki Perm Krai Russian Federation.
 Cold Rock Ice Creamery is an Australian-based ice cream parlour chain. It specialises in custom making ice creams by adding mix-ins. Cold Rock has 90[citation needed] stores across all states and territories of Australia as well as stores in the Philippines Singapore and the United Arab Emirates.
 Ernest Jones is a British jeweller and watchmaker. Established in 1949 its first store was opened in Oxford Street London. Ernest Jones specialises in upmarket diamonds and watches stocking brands such as Gucci and Emporio Armani.Ernest Jones is part of the Signet Jewelers group.
 Rialto Film is a Danish/German film company originally founded by Constantin Philpsen (1 December 1859-23 August 1925) in 1897. His son Constantin Preben Philipsen (18 January 1910-21 September 2005) took over the company in 1950.
 Pongr is a mobile photo marketing and technology company that develops image recognition artificial intelligence and direct response advertising tools for companies of all sizes to monetize their customer-shared photos on social networks.
 JC Royal is a corporation who in 2005 secured a 30-year lease for the operation of the Choeung Ek memorial site on the outskirts of Phnom Penh Cambodia. The company will pay Phnom Penh $15000 a year and in return can increase admission fees.
 Moss Motor Tours Ltd. was a bus and coach company that operated on the Isle of Wight between 1921 and 1994. The company sold its assets in 1994 to various bus and coach providers on the Island and off.
 Gowling Lafleur Henderson LLPGowlings is one of Canada's largest full-service law firms with over 750 professionals practising in 10 cities in Canada Russia China and the United Kingdom.Gowlings' current Chair and Chief Executive Officer is R. Scott Jolliffe.
 Titan Wind Energy(Suzhou) is a wind tower and related products solution specialist based in China.The company is China’s largest manufacturer of wind turbine towers[citation needed] and supplies turbine manufacturers such as Vestas and GE Wind Energy[citation needed].
 Navy Mutual Aid Association (NMAA) is a nonprofit federally tax-exempt mutual-benefit veteran service organization that was established in 1879 by sea service officers for the purpose of providing life insurance and annuities for members of the United States Navy Marine Corps Coast Guard Public Health Service (PHS) National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and their families.As of November 2011 Navy Mutual Aid Association had over 112000 military members and families insured.
 Advocacy for Respect for Cyclists (ARC) is a Toronto advocacy group formed in 1996. A group of cyclists felt a pressing need for an organization to advocate on behalf of the needs of cyclists after a period of time where two cyclists killed by trucks and another two arrested on a Critical Mass ride. ARC was initially formed to lobby for a coroner's inquest and to help in the defense of the two cyclists arrested at Critical Mass.
 Svarog Films (Russian: Сварог Фильм) is a Russian independent film company founded in 1998 in St.Petersburg. In 2007 Svarog Films entered into a Russian-American co-production for the film Kerosene Cowboys set for release in 2009.
 Pioneer Kitchenware (GSE: PKL) formerly known as the Ghana Pioneer Aluminium Factory is a kitchenware retailer in Ghana. It is listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange the GSE All-Share Index. It was founded in 1959 by a Swiss businessman Paul Gottfried Schwegler. It functions as a private limited company and specialises in the production of aluminium hollowware products for the Ghanaian market.
 Mitchell Corporation (株式会社ミッチェル) is a Japanese video game developer based in the Suginami ward of Tokyo. Roy Ozaki serves as president and Koichi Niida serves as vice-president. Some employees are former Capcom and TAD Corporation employees. The company was originally established on February 1 1960 as an import/export business by the father of Roy Ozaki.
 MealShare.org is the online division of an American-based private company that specializes in the emerging field of social network services. Headquartered in Philadelphia Pennsylvania it became the largest meal coordinating service in the world as of September 2010.
 Q-Free ASA (OSE: QFR) is an electronic toll collection technology (ETC) development company based in Trondheim Norway. The company sells systems for toll collection and automated ticketing globally and is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
 CFM (Calea Ferată din Moldova which means ″Moldovan Railway″ in Romanian) is the only railway operator in the Republic of Moldova that is responsible for passenger and cargo transportation as well as the railway infrastructure maintenance within the country. It is the successor of MZhD a subdivision of the USSR railway.
 Tri-Crescendo is a video game developer from Japan. It was founded in February 1999 by Hiroya Hatsushiba who still runs the company. Hatsushiba originally being a sound programmer carried his experience into Tri-Crescendo; the company was initially responsible for the sound in all games by tri-Ace starting with Valkyrie Profile until 2001 when the company co-created Baten Kaitos with Monolith Soft.
 ENAPOR is the Cape Verdean port authority. ENAPOR manages its ports including the ones in:Boa Vista:Sal ReiBravaFurnaFogoCova FigueiraMosteirosSão FilipeMaio:Vila do MaioSantiago:PraiaTarrafalSalPalmeiraSanto AntãoPorto NovoSão Nicolau:Tarrafal de São NicolauSão Vicente:Mindelo
 dotloop is a SaaS real estate technology company based in Cincinnati Ohio. According to a recent AGBeat article dotloop is “a fully-integrated wholly web-based negotiation platform allowing users to create adjust approve and sign documents and contracts in one seamless online environment.”
 NIKI Luftfahrt GmbH also known as flyNiki is a scheduled semi-lowcost airline and a subsidiary of Air Berlin Germany's second largest airline. It mainly serves leisure and some business destinations and is headquartered in Office Park I at Vienna International Airport in Schwechat Wien-Umgebung Austria. Niki operates charter services to leisure destinations in Europe and the Middle East from Vienna Salzburg Graz and Linz on behalf of tour operators as well.
 First Student a division of FirstGroup America is a brand used by the British transport company FirstGroup for student transport in the United States. According to the company's website it is the largest provider of school bus services in the United States. The company operates out of 650 locations in 42 US states and eight Canadian provinces. With a workforce of 67500 employees and a fleet of over 60000 vehicles First Student transports approximately 6 million students daily.
 Greenheart Games was founded in July 2012 by brothers Patrick and Daniel Klug with a mission to develop games that are fun to play instead of mind numbing money grabbers. Less social less ville more game is their current motto. In keeping with this motto the Klug brothers uploaded a bugged version of their first game Game Dev Tycoon to torrent websites in order to make a glib statement about software piracy.
 CTran operates as a regional public transportation provider for the citizens and visitors of the City of Elmira New York and its surrounding area.
 Backstreet Records was an MCA Records subsidiary label founded in 1979 by Danny Bramson who at the time was executive director of MCA's Universal Amphitheatre. The name was derived from the Bruce Springsteen song Backstreets. The label's first release was the self-titled debut album by Tears in August 1979. The first major signing to the label was Tom Petty ending a legal battle between Petty and MCA over his recording contract which was acquired when MCA purchased ABC Records.
 The National Student Travel Foundation (Malta) – NSTF - was founded by public deed in 1977. It was set up by the students of the University of Malta for their international educational formation and 30 years since its founding it still finds its raison d’etre in the interest it brings to students of all ages.
 Deep-Secure Limited is a British company based in Malvern Worcestershire. It provides network security guard products for assured secure information sharing.
 Pueblo Transit is the public transportation operator for the metro area of Pueblo Colorado. Formed in 1971 after a previous public-private transportation alliance went bankrupt the agency provides eleven routes. In 2008 the organization made it so all buses were equipped with electronic fare collection boxes which are designed to encourage more ridership by avoiding the exact-fare requirement of most transit systems.
 SVM LP began as Stored Value Marketing in 1997. SVM is based in the Des Plaines Illinois and is a provider of gasoline restaurant and other retail gift cards (also known as stored value cards). SVM sells gift cards both to businesses and to consumers and provides other related services to its clients. SVM is a privately held company and is considered a pioneer in the marketing of stored value products (gift cards).
 Fella-Werke GmbH is a German forage harvesting company based in Feucht Germany (located just southwest of Nuremberg in Bavaria). It was established in 1918 as a harrow manufacturing company but since then has been through many changes. Currently Fella has the industry's largest product range of mowers tedders and rakes.[citation needed] The machines are a vibrant red color with safety tarps in a bright yellow color.
 Fifth Generation Systems was a computer security company founded October 1984 in Baton Rouge Louisiana United States by Bob Mitchell Roger Ibey and Bruce Ray. All three later left the company. Fifth Generation's initial commercial product was FastBack (software) the first practical hard disk backup program for the IBM PC.
 Fanzz is a retailer in the sports apparel and team gear industry with fanzz.com serving as its online store front. Fanzz began operations in 1985 and has grown to be one of the largest sports apparel and merchandise providers in the Western United States. Fanzz currently has 62 retail store locations in California Colorado Idaho Kansas New Mexico Nevada Texas and Utah.
 The West Midlands Passenger Transport Executive (WMPTE) known as Centro and publicly branded as Network West Midlands is a local government organisation (passenger transport executive) responsible for certain transport services in the West Midlands county in England.Policies and budgets are set by the West Midlands Integrated Transport Authority (WMITA) formerly known as the West Midlands Passenger Transport Authority (WMPTA).
 The Portuguese East India Company (Portuguese: Companhia do commércio da Índia or Companhia da Índia Oriental ) was a short-lived ill-fated attempt by the Philip II King of the Iberian Union to create a national chartered company to look after interests in Portuguese India in the face on encroachment by the Dutch and English following the union of the Portuguese and Spanish Kingdoms.
 Rockwell Medical Inc. is an international pharmaceutical company focusing on the development and commercialization ancillary hemodialysis products for treatment against diseases such as end-stage renal disease iron deficiency chronic kidney disease (CKD) etc. The company's products mainly sell to the United States Asia Europe and Latin America.
 Cod Music is a young record label that aims at new musicians. It was founded in 2006.
 Uttar Gujarat Vij Company Ltd. is an electricity company that was incorporated on 15 September 2003 by Gujarat Electricity Board (GEB). The Company obtained the Certificate of the Commencement of Business on 15 October 2003. The company was one of several created as a part of efforts towards restructuring of the power sector in the state of Gujarat in India.
 Winklevoss Capital Management (also known as Winklevoss Capital) is a family office founded in 2012 by Tyler Winklevoss and Cameron Winklevoss. The firm invests across many asset classes with an emphasis on providing seed funding and infrastructure to early-stage startups. The company is headquartered in New York’s Flatiron District.
 Disciplined Growth Investors Inc. (or DGI) is a SEC-registered independent asset management firm founded in February 1997 by Fred Martin in Minneapolis Minnesota. Its headquarters are located on the 25th floor of the Fifth Street Towers in downtown Minneapolis.In 2009 DGI had 145 clients. This included private individuals as well as institutions.Disciplined Growth Investors offers two equity portfolios to its clients: small-cap and mid-cap growth portfolios.
 DreamRift is an American independent video game developer based in Orlando Florida founded in 2009. They have developed two video games for Nintendo's handheld systems Nintendo DS and Nintendo 3DS: Monster Tale and Epic Mickey: Power of Illusion.
 Kermanshah University of Medical Sciences is a medical school in Kermanshah Iran.Kermanshah University of Medical Sciences is the publisher of Journal of Injury and Violence Research. Kermanshah University of Medical Sciences (KUMS) is a top ranked state medical university in west of Iran.
 Just Mobile (stylised as JUST Mobile) was a prepay mobile virtual network operator in the Republic of Ireland which operated on the Vodafone Ireland network. It was founded in October 2010 and ceased operating 10 months later in August 2011.
 KW Music Group is a partially American record label with a base in Paris France. This record label was founded in 2001 by Lucas Konk West Alex Plastik and help from Ciadad Feliz also known as Julian Sanza and Fernando Pulichino. Lucas Konk West with creative control and appointed as director would start this label from the ground up and lead it to a world class record label with its tunes played by top10 dj's and acclaiming reviews by the specialized press.
 Kung Fu Records is an American independent record label founded in 1996 by Joe Escalante and Warren Fitzgerald of the punk rock band The Vandals. Founded in order to release a record by the Riverside California band Assorted Jelly Beans the label soon grew to include a roster of notable artists such as The Ataris Ozma Tsunami Bomb and The Vandals themselves.
 Utilimaster Corporation is the largest producer of walk-in vans[citation needed] (also known as step vans) Parcel Delivery Vans (PDVs) and truck bodies. It was founded in 1973 in Wakarusa Indiana. Previously owned by Holiday Rambler and then Harley-Davidson it was bought by senior management along with an investment group led by Kirkland Messina for $65 million in 1996.
 Hilton Garden Inn is a chain of hotels trademarked by the Hilton Worldwide. Hilton Garden Inns are considered to be upscale mid-priced hotels that are designed for both business and leisure travelers. The hotel brand is similar to that of the Courtyard by Marriott brand a key competitor.
 Mother’s Brewing Company is an independent craft brewery located in Springfield Missouri. The brewery was founded on June 2 2010 and opened to the public on May 14 2011. The beers are currently available in southern and west Missouri and in Arkansas. Expansion to Kansas City is now underway.
 Dynon Avionics is an American aircraft avionics manufacturer that specializes in non-certified electronic avionics.Dynon's instruments are not certified under FAA TSO spcifications and are developed for Experimental aircraft Homebuilt aircraft and Light Sport aircraft that include the avionics as part of their approved equipment during LSA certification. In the United States aircraft of these types must operate under a Special Airworthiness Certificate.
 Center Parcs UK is a short-break holiday company which operates four holiday villages in the United Kingdom with each covering about 400 acres (1.6 km2) of woodland. The company's first village opened at Sherwood Forest Nottinghamshire in 1987 and its fifth at Woburn Forest Bedfordshire is under construction. A similar enterprise operates in continental Europe also under the name Center Parcs however the two companies are separately owned.
 The Tuar was a short-lived French automobile.
 Din Tur ('your trip') is the operating name of Västernorrlands läns Trafik AB the principal operator of local public transport (Swedish: länstrafik) for the county (Swedish: län) of Västernorrland in northern Sweden.
 Dairy Farmers of Britain (DFoB) was a UK co-operative milk processor that bought milk directly from farmers and had several factories producing milk and cheese products for sale in various regions throughout the UK.
 AstridBio Inc. is a privately held bioinformatics company with offices in Canada Austria and Hungary. AstridBio's focus is biobanking software development data management and analysis for genomics research. Its clients include academic research institutes pharmaceutical and biotech companies who are seeking comprehensive IT solutions for diagnostic marker and therapeutic target identification.
 The Airscrew Company Ltd was a British manufacturing company based in Surrey manufacturing propellers.
 Tekno Comix was an American publishing company that produced comic books from 1995 to 1997.
 Domino's Pizza Enterprises (trading as Domino's Pizza) is an Australian public company that holds the master franchise for Domino's Pizza in Australia New Zealand France Belgium the Netherlands and Monaco. It runs the largest pizza chain in Australia and New Zealand. Approximately 70% of Domino's Australian stores are franchisees whilst the remaining are owned by the company.
 James O. Welch Company was an American confectionery manufacturer. James O. Welch (1906-1985) founded the company that bore his name in Cambridge Massachusetts in 1927. The company introduced many enduring brands including Junior Mints Sugar Daddys and Sugar Babies. Other candies they produced were Welch's Fudge Pom Poms and Sugar Mamas.James O. Welch Company was purchased by the National Biscuit Company (now Nabisco) in 1963.
 LyddAir is a British airline based at Lydd Airport Kent United Kingdom. It operates scheduled charter passenger services air charter and air freight services as well as an ACMI or fractional ownership programme. It is based at Lydd Airport and has a Focus City at Le Touquet - Côte d'Opale Airport on the North Coast of France
 Böttcher America Corporation a subsidiary of the German firm Felix Böttcher GmbH & Co. manufactures and sells materials for the printing industry in North America since 1982. Böttcher America is headquartered in Belcamp Maryland United States and employs over 200 employees.
 The International Association of Business Communicators (IABC) is a San Francisco-based not-for-profit membership association for business communications professionals with approximately 14000 members and 100 chapters. The association was founded in 1970 by merging the American Association of Industrial Editors (AAIE) with the International Council of Industrial Editors (ICIE).
 Almost Skateboards is a United States (US) skateboard company founded by professional skateboarders and business partners Daewon Song and Rodney Mullen. The company manufactures skateboard decks using 7-ply 8-ply and carbon fiber constructions while the decks are bound with resin epoxy glue. As of March 2014 the brand is distributed by Dwindle Distribution.
 Centralwings was a charter airline based in Warsaw Poland. The airline operated as a low-cost airline and then became a charter-only operation in October 2008. It was a subsidiary of LOT Polish Airlines operating international services in Europe using Boeing 737 aircraft. Its main base was Warsaw Frederic Chopin Airport with hubs at Gdańsk Lech Wałęsa Airport and John Paul II International Airport Kraków-Balice.
 Cuan Mhuire is a charitable drug alcohol and gambling rehabilitation organisation in Ireland. Cuan Mhuire offers a comprehensive structured abstinence based residential programme to persons suffering from alcohol other chemical dependencies and gambling. Cuan Mhuire was founded by Sr. Consilio Fitzgerald a member of the Sisters of Mercy in 1966. Cuan Mhuire has its own programme developed by Sr. Consilio and her staff over a period of 40 years.
 The Other Change of Hobbit (sometimes abbreviated TOCOH) is a science fiction and fantasy bookstore in Berkeley California founded in 1977 the same weekend that Star Wars opened. It has been the site of numerous author appearances. The founding partners were science fiction fans Dave Nee Debbie Notkin and Tom Whitmore. The store is named after the Hobbits from J.R.R. Tolkien's The Hobbit and Lord of the Rings. The store database has over 20000 titles.[citation needed]
 Wilson Audio is an American high-end audio company located in Utah run and founded by David Wilson. Wilson Audio manufactures and sells loudspeakers and subwoofers.
 Aluar is the only aluminium smelter in Argentina and one of the largest in South America. Established in 1970 as a partnership between synthetic rubber maker FATE businessman José Ber Gelbard and other private investors Aluar obtained an exclusive licence to produce aluminum from the military regime of General Alejandro Lanusse who sought to make Argentina self-sufficient in the critical industrial staple.
 Poštanska štedionica (full legal name: Banka Poštanska štedionica a.d. Beograd) is one of the largest operating banks in Serbia majority owned by the Government of Serbia. It was founded in 1921 and its headquarters is in Belgrade Serbia.
 The Engineer Research and Development Center (ERDC) is a US Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) laboratory organization whose mission is to Provide science technology and expertise in engineering and environmental sciences in support of our Armed Forces and the Nation to make the world safer and better. The headquarters is located in Vicksburg Mississippi on the site of an antecedent organization the Waterways Experiment Station.
 Airsynergy is a privately owned renewable energy product development and licensing company founded in 2008 by Jim Smyth Andrew Smyth Gerard Smyth Peter Smyth David Smyth and Adrian Kelly.The company is based in Granard county Longford Ireland.Airsynergy’s 5kW turbine is undergoing final power performance testing by the DNV GL Group a testing and certification company based in Germany.
 Trimaran Capital Partners is a middle-market private equity firm formerly affiliated with CIBC World Markets. Trimaran is headquartered in New York City and founded by former investment bankers from Drexel Burnham Lambert. Trimaran’s predecessors were early investors in telecom and Internet businesses most notably backing Global Crossing in 1997.
 This article is about the company known as Hostess Brands which was founded in 2013. For the original Hostess Brands currently under liquidation see Old HB. For the brand of snack cakes see Hostess (snack cakes).Hostess Brands LLC is a bakery company formed in 2013. It owns several bakeries in the United States that produce snack cakes under the Hostess and Dolly Madison brand names.
 Treasure Entertainment is an U.S. based film and media company engaged in the production of feature films television music videos commercials documentaries and new media. The company also works in new growth areas such as content acquisitions and home media distribution. Treasure Entertainment has three divisions: Feature Films & Television Music Video & Commercial and Acquisitions & Distribution.Treasure Entertainment was founded in August 2000 by Mark Heidelberger and Jesse Felsot.
 Thiokol (variously Thiokol Chemical Corporation Morton-Thiokol Inc. Cordant Technologies Inc. Thiokol Propulsion AIC Group ATK Thiokol; currently ATK Launch Systems Group) is a U.S.
 Ciner Holding (Park Holding until December 1994) is an industrial conglomerate in Turkey operating in energy media and commerce. Via Ciner Media Group it owns media properties including the Habertürk newspaper and Habertürk TV. In the energy and mining sector it has various coal mines and power plants and via Eti Soda it controls the world's second largest trona (soda ash) reserve. Its Park Elektrik subsidiary is 35% floated on the Istanbul Stock Exchange as PRKME.
 British Power International (BPI) provides design and advisory solutions to the power sector and is based in Colchester Essex. BPI is part of the Freedom Group of Companies and is owned by EnServe Group.The company’s design practice focuses on power system planning design asset management and provides associated project management safety and quality assurance services.
 Thai Tap Water Supply Public Company Limited (TTW) is tap water producer and distributor in Nakhon Pathom and Samut Sakorn area for the Provincial Waterworks Authority (PWA) to replace the tap water production from the PWA's groundwater wells and to increase the tap water production volume to sufficiently accommodate the consumers's demand so as to help alleviate the land subsidence problems and saltwater penetration in accordance with the government's policy. Pathum Thani Water Co. Ltd.
 Akebono Brake Industry Co. Ltd.
 Qualiton is a frequently used label in different countries. There have been and there still are several labels known as Qualiton. Most noticeable the Hungarian state owned corporation during years in post WWII Europe. The company changed name to Hungaroton in the mid-1960s but remained the Qualiton label for gypsy music and operetta repertoire. Other records labels bought the Qualiton license from Hungaroton and eventually became their own labels.
 Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP is a U.S. law firm based in Philadelphia Pennsylvania founded in Philadelphia in 1935 by former Pennsylvania Attorney General William A. Schnader Bernard G. Segal a former Deputy Attorney General serving under Schnader and Francis A. Lewis. The firm was initially named Schnader & Lewis. Eventually Segal was added as a name partner. The fourth name partner Earl G. Harrison joined the firm in 1948.
 The Greater Lafayette Public Transportation Corporation (GLPTC) is a municipal corporation founded in 1971 that provides bus services in Tippecanoe County Indiana under the operating name of CityBus.
 Big port Saint Petersburg (Russian Большой порт Санкт-Петербург officially name is Federal official body Administration of seaport the Big port St.-Petersburg) is the state enterprise providing the organisation of trading navigation in sea port Saint Petersburg and behind its limits in established zones of responsibility of the Russian Federation.
 OKK Koksovny a.s. (former names OKD OKK a.s. and Ostravsko-karvinské koksovny akciová společnost) is the largest producer of foundry coke in Europe. The Company operates one plant in the City of Ostrava - called 'Svoboda' facility.
 Siam Commercial Bank (Thai: ธนาคารไทยพาณิชย์) is the first bank of Thailand informal established in 1904 as name ฺBook Club. Nowadays leading universal banking group in Thailand.
 LLC Aviastar-TU (Russian: ООО «Авиастар-ТУ») is a passenger and cargo charter airline based in Moscow Russia. It works as transport section for the Ulyanovsk production factory and operates out of Ramenskoye Airport.Following an accident involving an Aviastar-TU Tupolev Tu-204 on 22 March 2010 the CAA moved to ban Aviastar-TU from carrying passengers with immediate effect pending an examination of the airline's flight operations.
 The Commonwealth Bank of Australia is an Australian multinational bank with businesses across New Zealand Fiji Asia USA and the United Kingdom. Commonly referred to as the Commonwealth Bank (or Commbank) it provides a variety of financial services including retail business and institutional banking funds management superannuation insurance investment and broking services.
 The Arts Marketing Association (AMA) is a professional development body for arts marketers and audience development professionals.
 The CIT La Presqu'Île (Conseil Intermunicipal de Transport La Presqu'Île) provides local bus service within the western suburbs of Montreal that lie along the south side of the Ottawa River in the regional county municipality of Vaudreuil-Soulanges Quebec Canada.
 Via Varejo is a Brazilian retail company founded in 2010 through the merger of retail companies Casas Bahia owned by the Klein family and Ponto Frio owned by Grupo Pão de Açúcar.
 Bharat Pumps & Compressors Limited (BPC) is a Mini Navratna Company Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) of the Government of India. The company manufactures Reciprocating pumps Centrifugal pumps Reciprocating compressors and high pressure seamless Gas cylinders. Headquarters in Allahabad.
 Telligent Systems more commonly referred to as Telligent is an enterprise collaboration and community software company. Founded in 2004 Telligent's U.S. headquarters is located in Dallas Texas and its international office is located in London England.The company changed its name to Zimbra Inc. in September 2013.
 HUSS Park Attractions is new company founded by a group of investors that specializes in the development and manufacture of amusement rides at a factory in Budapest Hungary. The original company Huss Machinenfabrik had a factory in Bremen Germany and built and designed over 35 different types of amusement rides installed worldwide.
 Hannibal Records was a record label and one of the first to work with the World music genre.Hannibal was started by Joe Boyd in 1980. Boyd had produced records by artists such as Nick Drake The Incredible String Band and Fairport Convention and released recordings by these artists as well as others such as Trio Bulgarka on his new label.Around this time folk music from around the world was being released by different labels but was so varied it did not fit into a particular genre.
 BancFirst Corporation is corporation which operates under the name BancFirst a state chartered bank in Oklahoma United States. In 2012 it was in 50 Oklahoma communities and was the largest state chartered bank in Oklahoma.[citation needed]
 Kiplinger (/ˈkɪplɪŋər/ KIP-ling-ər) is a Washington D.C. based publisher of business forecasts and personal finance advice available in print online audio video and software products (Kiplinger.com).Its best-known publications are The Kiplinger Letter a weekly business and economic forecasting periodical for people in management and the monthly Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine.
 ICOM Inc. (アイコム株式会社 Aikomu Kabushiki-gaisha) (TYO: 6820) is an international manufacturer of radio transmitting and receiving equipment founded in 1954 by Tokuzo Inoue with the company's original name being Inoue.
 Drug Fair was the name of a chain of drugstores based in New Jersey. The company kept its headquarters in Somerset New Jersey and was founded in 1954. In addition to its drugstore chain Drug Fair also owned and operated Cost Cutters a discount drug and general merchandise chain which sold many of the same items and often did business in the same areas as Drug Fair stores.
 Novelis Inc. is a global aluminum company headquartered in Atlanta Georgia Novelis is a leading producer of rolled aluminum and the global leader in beverage can recycling. The company serves customers in sectors including beverage cans automotive consumer electronics construction foil and packaging.
 Rimac Automobili is a Croatian company that develops and produces high-performance electric vehicles drivetrain and battery systems. Rimac Automobili's first model the Concept One is known as the world's fastest production electric vehicle. While Rimac sells high-performance vehicles under their own brand the company develops and produces drivetrain systems and full vehicles for other companies.
 SPB Software a division of Yandex the leading Russian IT company which operates the largest search engine in Russia develops mobile solutions for OEM mobile device manufacturers mobile carriers smartphone tablet and end users worldwide.
 Cubavera one of Perry Ellis International's brands provides Fashion with Latin Flavor or Moda con Sabor Latino as said in Spanish. Cubavera’s modern tropical inspired collection translates the joy of Hispanic culture into fashionable apparel.
 Smart Songs is an educational music group founded in 2008 by Jeff Dujardin (Shoeless Jeff) and Scott Geer (Scott Free). According to the group’s website www.SmartSongs.org the mission of Smart Songs is to “provide kids and teachers with fun and educational hip hop that makes learning fun.” Media sources ABC News Los Angeles (KABC-TV) and BostonInno.com have described the group as the current version of Schoolhouse Rock.
 Innisfree (Hangul: 이니스프리) is a South Korean cosmetics brand owned by Amore Pacific.Innisfree is a naturalism-oriented cosmetics brand created by Amore Pacific in 2000. The brand name originated from W. B. Yeats' poem 'The Lake Isle of Innisfree'.Innisfree has stores in South Korea Hong Kong China Japan and Singapore. Innisfree launched its first Indian store in New Delhion 10 October 2013 and in Singapore on 22 November 2013.
 Snoopadelic Films (formerly known as Doggfather Ent.) is an American film production company founded by rapper Snoop Dogg in 2005 and distributed through MCA. Its primary profile is endorsing and releasing DVDs related to Snoop Dogg.
 Hollow Tree Books is an independent publisher based in Whitby North Yorkshire. It was founded in 2010 though its first publication (Beside the Sea a booklet about Lewis Carroll's time in Whitby) was not on shelves until 2011. Hollow Tree Books specialises in local interest publications relating to Whitby and the surrounding area.The first fiction published by Hollow Tree Books was The Apple Tree by Annie Dove a novel set in a fictional Whitby yard.
 The Roger Richman Agency Inc. was a licensing agency that specialised in personality rights. It licensed the use of the imagery persona and likeness of various well-known entertainment celebrities (e.g. Steve McQueen) and historical personalities (e.g. Sigmund Freud Albert Einstein).
 Fulton Hogan is a large infrastructure construction roadworks and aggregate supplier company in New Zealand which is also active in wider Australasia.The company was founded by Julius Fulton and Robert Hogan in Dunedin in 1933. In 2013 the company reported an annual operating profit of NZ$96.5 million from revenue of $3.22 billion and employed over 5500 people.
 eSolar is a privately held company that develops concentrating solar power (CSP) plant technology. The company was founded by the Pasadena-based business incubator Idealab in 2007 as a developer of CSP plant technology. The company aims to develop a low cost alternative to fossil fuels through a combination of small heliostats modular architecture and a high-precision sun-tracking system.
 A-Mobile is the second mobile phone operator of Abkhazia behind Aquafon both in number of subscriptions and in age.
 Based in Munich BayWa Aktiengesellschaft is a German company which operates in the agriculture building materials and energy sectors. It provides trading strategic and other miscellaneous services in these sectors.The BayWa (Bayerische Warenvermittlung) Group is spread across 14 countries. In Germany and Austria it operates in all the three core segments of its business and also as a franchisee.
 Bethel Heights Vineyard is an Oregon winery in the Eola-Amity Hills AVA of the Willamette Valley. Founded in 1977 by twin brothers Ted and Terry Casteel their wives Pat Dudley and Marilyn Webb and Pat's sister Barbara Dudley the vineyard was one of the earliest plantings in the Eola-Amity Hills region. While initially only a vineyard a winery was built with the first estate wines produced in 1984.
 Distribuciones Froiz S.A. is a Spanish supermarket chain based in Lourido (Poio) Galicia. It operates in the Spanish regions of Galicia Castile & Leon Castile-La Mancha Madrid and in northern Portugal.
 Sound Performance Limited is a UK manufacturer of CD DVD and other physical media solutions.The company provides manufacturing and associated services including: CD & DVD Replication Vinyl Pressing Cassette Duplication CD-R/DVD-R Duplication all associated print and packaging Box Sets Audio Mastering Packaging Design Graphic Design Fulfilment Logistics 3D Imaging and Product Photographic services.Sound Performance was founded in 1994 by Chris Marksberry and has sales offices in New York London and Paris.Sound Performance's UK manufacturing plant is in Telford Shropshire and is the largest in the UK. 
 The American River Bank is a community bank founded in 1983 and serves the Greater Sacramento area in California. As of 2008 It operates approximately six branches. American River Bank which offers both personal and business financial services and is a wholly owned subsidiary of American River Bankshares.
 DFDS Tor Line was a freight shipping company owned by the Denmark-based DFDS. DFDS Tor Line was a freight-carrying division of DFDS along with DFDS Lisco DFDS Lys Line and DFDS Container Line.
 Bellwether Technology Corporation is a New Orleans-based managed IT services provider.Also known as Bellwether Technology or Bellwether the company provides a wide range of managed information technology services to organizations of all sizes throughout southern Louisiana and the Gulf South.Bellwether's core offerings include a comprehensive outsourced IT department; project management and implementation; and cloud hosting.
 Columbia Sussex is a private hotel company based in Crestview Hills Kentucky. The company owned by the Yung family owns and operates hotels in various parts of the United States. As of 2012 the company operated 41 hotels under 8 different brands. The current president is William J. Yung III.
 Nalli is an Indian wardrobe store and silk saree emporium based in Chennai. It is one of the oldest saree shops in the Chennai's commercial neighbourhood of T. Nagar.
 ThalesNano Inc. is a solution provider for chemists with products mainly in the field of flow chemistry.
 Spirax-Sarco Engineering (LSE: SPX) is a leading British-based manufacturer of boiler and pipeline control valves for steam heating and process plants. It is headquartered in Cheltenham and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
 MandM Direct is an online clothing store in the United Kingdom. It sells its products over the internet and by mail order and is the second largest online fashion retailer in the UK Its catalogue is distributed quarterly. It specialises in buying clearance stock from manufacturers and selling at discounted prices. MandM Direct has over 1 million active customers and its website gets over 21 million visits every year.
 Plastiq Musiq is an independent record label which concentrates on melodic electronic music made primarily on analog synthesizers.
 DirectGroup Bertelsmann was a division of Bertelsmann AG and operated book sales clubs online shops bookstore chains and publishers in 8 countries when it was disbanded as a division in 2011. Its more than 15 million customers have generated sales of €1.245 billion in 2009. The company was formed in July 2000 was closed and is led by CEO Fernando Carro.
 ASint Technology Corporation is a memory supplier company founded in December 2007. It is jointly owned by Asustek Computer Inc. and Silicon Integrated Systems Corp.
 WS Atkins plc (commonly known as Atkins) is a multinational engineering design planning project management and consulting services company headquartered in Epsom United Kingdom. It was founded in 1938 by Sir William Atkins.As of 2012 Atkins is the largest engineering consultancy in the UK and the world’s fourteenth largest design firm by revenue. It employs approximately 18000 staff based in 300 offices across 29 countries and has undertaken projects in over 150 countries.
 The Takamul program is an innovation support program developed and operated by the Abu Dhabi Technology Development Committee (TDC). It was created to help individuals universities and enterprises located in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi and the wider United Arab Emirates to realize the full potential of their innovative ideas.
 Biomatters Limited is the company behind the Geneious software a bioinformatics software development company headquartered in Auckland New Zealand. Biomatters create applications for targeted biological analysis.
 Ning is an online platform for people and organizations to create custom social networks launched in October 2005. Ning offers customers the ability to create a community website with a customized appearance and feel; feature sets such as photos videos forums and blogs; and support for “Like” plus integration with Facebook Twitter Google and Yahoo!. Ning Inc.
 Railpool is a European rolling stock leasing company. Based in Munich it was formed by HSH Nordbank and KfW IPEX-Bank in 2008 to offer passenger and freight locomotive and rolling stock financing and leasing and also advice and services.
 Apollo Hospitals is an Indian hospital chain based in Chennai India. It was founded by Dr Prathap C. Reddy in 1983 and has hospitals in India Sri Lanka Bangladesh Ghana Nigeria Mauritius Qatar Oman and Kuwait[citation needed]. Apollo hospitals plan add 2955 beds across India in the next three years.
 Island Aviation Inc. (formerly A. Soriano Aviation Inc.) operating as Island Aviation (IAI) is a charter airline operating in the Philippines with Air Carrier Operating Certificate order no. 135 issued by Air Transportation Office. The airline is the general aviation arm of A. Soriano Group of Companies a management and investment company with interests in mining agribusiness insurance banking and finance manufacturing resort development and port management.
 Líneas Aéreas Federales is a state owned airline operating domestic services based in Buenos Aires Argentina. Its flights are currently being operated by other local airlines.
 Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services Limited (IL&FS) is an Indian infrastructure development and finance company.
 The Sofa Workshop Ltd are a furniture manufacturer and retailer formerly based in Lodsworth West Sussex United Kingdom now at Peasmarsh Surrey. They are best known for creating stylish handmade furniture and offering an unprecedented level of product and fabric customisation. As well as sofas and chairs they also make a range of accessories including footstools cushions and made-to-measure curtains.
 Rasmussen Reports is an American polling and media company.
 Trusted Sources UK Ltd. is an independent provider of research and consulting on emerging markets for institutional investors corporations and governments. Trusted Sources was founded by Nicholas Mather Christopher Granville Lawrence Brainard and Jonathan Fenby in 2006 in London United Kingdom.Trusted Sources is country specialists with staff located in Beijing Moscow São Paulo New Delhi and Istanbul.
 The Spectrum Youth and Family Services has been offering shelter and support services to at-risk and homeless youth since 1970. The organization is located in Burlington Vermont and serves youth ages 14–21.
 Bellum Entertainment Group (formerly LongNeedle Entertainment) is a Burbank California-based television production and distribution company that specializes in development production and distribution of TV projects for broadcast cable digital and ancillary markets. Bellum Entertainment began creating E/I programs in 2004 with the release of Animal Atlas.
 Holy God TV is a Christian televangelism channel targeting the Tamil community. It is broadcast from France via the Hot Bird 8 satellite positioned at 13.0°E.
 No More Landmines (also known as The No More Landmines Trust) was a United Kingdom based humanitarian landmine relief charity. The charity focused on landmine and unexploded ordnance removal mine risk education programmes and rehabilitation of survivors of landmine injuries. No More Landmines was established in May 2005 as the UK administrator of the United Nations Association Adopt-A-Minefield campaign which has cleared over 21 million square metres of affected land since 1999.
 Blood & Ink Records is a record label founded in Richmond Virginia in the spring of 2002. The label has worked with such bands as Soul Embraced as well as helping launch careers for Blessed by a Broken Heart Burden of a Day and With Blood Comes Cleansing.In July 2010 the re-released Strongarm's 1995 album Atonement the first time on vinyl.
 Big W (styled as 'BIG W' in its own branding) is a chain of discount department stores in Australia. It is a division of Woolworths Limited. The chain has 179 stores and is the leading Australian department store chain in revenue. Its main competitors are Kmart and Target both owned by Wesfarmers.
 Mitsubishi Rayon Co. Ltd. (三菱レイヨン株式会社 Mitsubishi Reiyon Kabushiki-gaisha) (est. August 31 1933) is a Japanese textile company that manufactures chemicals plastics and fibers. It is Japan's biggest acrylic fiber maker. In 2010 it became a wholly owned subsidiary of Mitsubishi Chemical Holdings.In addition to the primary acryrilic fiber Mitsubishi Rayon also is one of the top makers of golf shafts now largely popular on the PGA and European Tours now gaining popularity by consumers.
 Iberia Express is a Spanish airline owned by Iberia which operates short- and medium-haul routes from its parent airline's Madrid hub providing feeder flights onto Iberia's long-haul network. The airline began operating on 25 March 2012 and shares its head office with Iberia in Chamartín Madrid.The launch of the airline was announced by IAG on 6 October 2011 and led to strike action in late December 2011 by pilots concerned over a potential loss of jobs caused by the new airline.
 Fratelli Tanfoglio S.N.C. is an Italian gun manufacturing company. Their current weapons are used extensively in sport competitions and for personal defence. Tanfoglio is located in Gardone Val Trompia (Brescia) - Italy and is known for its broad sport pistol catalogue. Tanfoglio Pistols are popular firearms across Europe; they also are imported into United States by European American Armory Corporation (EAA) and Australia by NVT Pty Ltd.
 FTSE Group (/ˈfʊtsiː/ FUUT-see) is a British provider of stock market indices and associated data services wholly owned by the London Stock Exchange and operating out of premises in Canary Wharf.
 Lightning Records was a record label founded in the 1970s. It specialised in disco reggae and dub music but also released music from other genres. It was a subsidiary of WEA.Amongst its artists and titles are Althia & Donna with Uptown Top Ranking Janet Kay with Silly Games Dennis Brown with Money In My Pocket Errol Dunkley with OK Fred Now You're A Yaga Yaga!!.
 Age Concern was the banner title used by a number of charitable organisations (NGOs) specifically concerned with the needs and interests of all older people (defined as those over the age of 50) based chiefly in the four countries of the United Kingdom.In addition to providing practical support to individuals Age Concern campaigned on issues such as age discrimination and pensions and works to influence public opinion and government policy about older people.Numerous Age Concern organisations have been established throughout the UK working at national and local levels. 
 Janus Films is a film distribution company. The distributor is credited with introducing numerous films now considered masterpieces of world cinema to American audiences including the films of Michelangelo Antonioni Sergei Eisenstein Ingmar Bergman Federico Fellini Akira Kurosawa François Truffaut Yasujirō Ozu and many other well-regarded directors. Ingmar Bergman's The Seventh Seal (1957) was the film responsible for the company's initial growth.
 The V-Line is the local bus operation in Valparaiso Indiana. Service began on October 1 2007 making Valparaiso one of the smallest cities in the United States to have its own independent public transit system.
 Cominco Resources is a phosphate explorer in The Republic of the Congo (French: République du Congo) also referred to as Congo-Brazzaville. Through its subsidiary it owns 100% of the Hinda Phosphate Project which comprises the Hinda Permit (granted in December 2009) and the Kolatchikanou Permit (granted in June 2011).
 Fiber-Optic Link Around the Globe (FLAG) is a 28000-kilometer-long optical fiber mostly-submarine communications cable that connects the United Kingdom Japan and many places in between. The cable is operated by India's Reliance Globalcom (renamed from Flag Telecom when it became a fully owned subsidiary of Reliance Communications). The system runs from the eastern coast of North America to Japan.
 Linear Technology Corporation designs manufactures and markets a broad line of standard high performance analog integrated circuits. Applications for the company's products include telecommunications cellular telephones networking products notebook and desktop computers video/multimedia industrial instrumentation automotive electronics factory automation process control and military and space systems.The company was founded in 1981 by Robert H. Swanson Jr. and Robert C. Dobkin.
 Kawai Musical Instruments Manufacturing Co. Ltd. (株式会社河合楽器製作所 Kabushiki-gaisha Kawai Gakki Seisakusho TYO: 7952) is a musical instruments manufacturing company headquartered in Hamamatsu Shizuoka Japan. It is best known for its grand pianos upright pianos electronic keyboards and electronic synthesizers. The company was established in August 1927.
 The Multi-State Lottery Association (MUSL) is a non-profit government-benefit association owned and operated by agreement of its 33 member lotteries (see below). The MUSL was created to facilitate the operation of multi-jurisdictional lottery games including Hot Lotto Mega Millions Powerball video lottery and instant (scratch) tickets.The MUSL was formed in December 1987 by seven American lotteries. Its first game was launched in February 1988 Lotto*America.
 Galaxy Entertainment Group (GEG) (Chinese: 銀河娛樂集團 is a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (SEHK: 00027) that owns and operates hotels and casinos in Macau through its subsidiary Galaxy Casino S.A.The company owns the following casinos and hotels in Macau: The StarWorld Macau on Macau Four CityClub casinos including the Grand Waldo Hotel on the Cotai Strip The Galaxy Macau™ on the Cotai Strip
 Revolver Music or Revolver Records was created by Paul Birch in 1979 as a guitar music label. Its sister labels are FM Records and Heavy Metal Records.Revolver is best known for signing the Manchester band The Stone Roses who released the Sally Cinnamon EP with Revolver under the Black Records imprint prior to reneging on their contract and moving to Silvertone (part of the Zomba Group).
 Note: The Hammond Transit System and the EasyGo bus system discontinued all service as of June 30 2012. The information in this article is historical. None of the service listed here is still operational.Hammond Transit System is the provider of bus service in the Chicago suburb of Hammond Indiana. It features four local intra-city routes and one route that provides access to neighboring Whiting and Chicago's East Side neighborhood.
 MyFerryLink is an English Channel passenger and freight ferry company which began operating between Dover and Calais in August 2012. The MyFerryLink fleet consists of two modern ferries – sister ships the MS Rodin and the MS Berlioz – that carry passengers and freight and one dedicated freight ship the MS Nord Pas-de-Calais. It was formed following the liquidation of Seafrance.
 Bayard Presse was founded in Paris in 1870 and has since expanded into a global publishing network. Their core publications market comes from the children's sector.
 Unicity International is an American international multi-level marketing company headquartered in Orem Utah whose primary product offerings include weight loss products and green tea.
 Ashton Gate Brewery Co Ltd (also known for a time as Hardwick and Co Ltd) was a brewing company based in Bristol UK. It was one of the first 1000 companies registered in England and Wales.
 Albany Air was an airline in the United States that was founded in 1979. It ceased operations the same year. It was based in Albany New York and flew Beechcraft Bonanza planes between Albany White Plains and New York City.
 Rowntree was an English confectionery business based in York. Rowntree developed the Kit Kat Smarties and Aero brands in the 1930s and acquired the Rolo and Quality Street brands when it acquired John Mackintosh & Co in 1969.Founded in 1862 the company developed strong associations with Quaker philanthropy. Throughout much of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries it was one of the big three confectionery manufacturers in the United Kingdom alongside Cadbury and Fry.
 Norges Handels og Sjøfartstidende AS or NHST Media Group is a Norwegian media conglomerate that publishes a number of newspapers and online tools. The company dates back to 1889 when it started the predecessor of Dagens Næringsliv.
 IObox Oy was a Finnish mobile and web portal operator. Formed in 1999 the dot-com company ended up as part of Telefónica Mobile.At a sale price of $250m (€230m) in 2000 IObox represented the largest venture capital exit in Finland until the sale of MySQL AB in 2008 for $1bn (€670m).
 Transwerk since renamed to Transnet Rail Engineering is a subsidiary of Transnet whose business it is to keep South Africa's trains rolling. According to the Operational Report at Transnet Transwerk's responsibility includes the maintenance upgrade and manufacture of locomotives wagons coaches rolling stock components and associated transport equipment. The company operates seven factories in South Africa.
 OverDrive Inc. is an American digital distributor of eBooks audiobooks music and video titles. The company provides secure management DRM protection and download fulfillment services for publishers libraries schools and retailers. OverDrive's catalog includes more than 1.8 million digital titles from more than 1000 publishers. The company's global network includes more than 27000 libraries and schools. OverDrive was founded in 1986 by Steve Potash and is located in Cleveland Ohio.
 ABB Grain was Australia's largest agribusiness. Founded in 1939 the company was listed on the Australian Securities Exchange until its takeover by Viterra in 2009. Until recently the company focused solely on grain accumulation and marketing. It expanded its focus to other activities such as grain receival and storage malting and fertilisers. ABB buys grain from all growing regions in Australia and trades in all grain commodities.
 MumboJumbo LLC is an independent developer of games for personal computers game consoles and mobile devices. The company was founded in January 2001 by Mark Dochtermann and Ron Dimant after leaving Ritual Entertainment.
 Pixart SRL is a company based in Argentina dedicated to the development of free software particularly the Rxart computer operating system which is based on Debian.
 iTunes Ping also known simply as Ping was a software-based music-oriented social networking and recommender system service developed and operated by Apple. It was announced and launched on 1 September 2010 as part of the tenth major release of iTunes. The service launched with 1 million members in 23 countries.The service allowed users to follow artists and see short timely postings by both friends and artists.
 The Ullstein Verlag was founded by Leopold Ullstein in 1877 at Berlin and is one of the largest publishing companies of Germany. It published newspapers like B.Z. and Berliner Morgenpost and books through its subsidiaries Ullstein Buchverlage and Propyläen.The newspaper publishing branch was taken over by Axel Springer AG in 1956.
 Out On A Limb Records is an independent record label based in Limerick Ireland.[1] The label was set up in the summer of 2003 with the release of Is it OK to be loud Jesus? the debut album from local band giveamanakick. It was set up by Albert Twomey (also see Plugd Records) and Richard Bourke both of whom were involved in the Aspersion Music Collective a non-profit gig promoter in Limerick.
 Midhir Records (or simply Midhir) is an independent record label based in Whiteabbey Northern Ireland. The label is named after an elusive figure of Irish myth. The opening was celebrated at Bealtaine 2004 with a small festival in Belfast that featured Secrets of the Moon Geasa Old Season Aftermath and Bad Boat.The primary focus of the label is to release notable extreme and fringe music. Midhir artists are often characterised by a progressive and experimental approach within their genres.
 Cinematronics Incorporated was a pioneering arcade game developer that had its heyday in the era of vector display games. While other companies released games based on raster displays early in their history Cinematronics and Atari released vector-display games which offered a distinctive look and a greater graphic capability (at the time) at the cost of being only black and white (initially).
 Academy Bus Lines is a bus company in New Jersey providing local bus services in northern New Jersey line run services to/from New York City from points in central New Jersey and contract and charter service in the northeastern United States from Boston to Northern Virginia.Academy's fleet consists of a variety of motor coaches including Motor Coach Industries motorcoaches which are used for commuter and charter services.
 Locair is an American FAR Part 135 charter airline with its headquarters in unincorporated Broward County Florida near Fort Lauderdale. Formed in 1993 the airline specializes in cargo and passenger charters around Florida and to the Bahamas & Cuba. The airline is unique in that it is an FAA Part 135 On-Demand (Air Taxi) airline it has Scheduled Authority for operations in the Bahamas allowing it to schedule flights and offer online booking unlike other charter operators in Florida.
 M-Systems Ltd. (sometimes spelled msystems) was a Nasdaq-listed Israeli producer of Flash memory storage products founded in 1989 by Dov Moran and based in Kfar Saba Israel. They were best known for developing and patenting the first flash drive marketed in 1995 as DiskOnChip and the first USB flash drive marketed in 1999 as DiskOnKey. They also created the patented True Flash Filing System (TrueFFS) which presented the flash memory as a disk drive to the computer.
 Bicycle Technologies International Ltd. (BTI) is a global distributor of bicycle components and accessories based in Santa Fe NM USA. BTI also participates in the community through cycling advocacy on local and national levels. The company is privately held and does not disclose its sales figures.
 Senkosha Productions was the television production arm of the large Japanese advertising agency the Senkosha Company. The Tokyo-based Senkosha Company still exists though it has long since closed its television division now known as Senko Kikaku (Senko Planning). Among the shows Senkosha Productions produced were The Samurai Moonlight Mask Planet Prince Silver Mask Iron King and Super Robot Red Baron.
 Marvel Illustrated is a Marvel Comics publishing imprint specializing in comic book adaptations of classic literature. Each novel's story is told in the form of a limited series the issues of which are later collected as a trade paperback.
 Nord Gold N.V. (Nordgold LSE: NORD) is a London-listed gold mining company with assets in Russia Kazakhstan Burkina Faso and Guinea.
 Georgia Tech Information Security Center (GTISC) is a department of Georgia Tech that deals with information security issues such as cryptography network security trusted computing software reliability privacy and internet governance.
 KxK (also spelt KXK and Kxk) Guitars established in 1997 is a guitar company whose specialty lies mainly in custom guitars for heavy metal artists. All their instruments are made in the United States and are handcrafted. The company will start doing a new KK Downing signature series.
 Wilderness Scotland is an adventure travel and ecotourism company specialising in small group walking and adventure holidays in the Scottish Highlands and Islands.
 Pandora TV (판도라TV) is a video sharing website that hosts user-generated content. Founded in October 2004 Pandora TV is the first video sharing website in the world to attach advertisement to user-submitted video clips and to provide unlimited storage space for users to upload. The operating company Pandora TV Co. Ltd. has its headquarters in the Seoul-Gangnam Building in Yeoksam-dong Gangnam-gu Seoul.In 2007 it was the fastest growing website in South Korea.
 Ankama Games is a French company with its head office in Roubaix France focused on the design of Massive Multiplayer Online Role Playing Games (Dofus Dofus Arena and Wakfu). The company was founded by Anthony Roux Camille Chafer and Emmanuel Manu Darras.Ankama Games is a subsidiary of Ankama Group.The company name comes from their own names : ANthony KAmille MAnu.
 Oregon Scientific Inc. is a manufacturer of electronic products including radio-referenced clocks home weather stations public alert monitors youth learning aids and fitness devices. The firm was started in 1989 in Portland Oregon United States. In 1997 the company became a fully owned subsidiary of IDT (Integrated Display Technology) a Hong Kong-based company.
 The News-Press & Gazette Company (NPG) is a media company based in St. Joseph Missouri wholly owned and operated by the Bradley family. It is presided by Brian Bradley and David R. Bradley with Hank Bradley (retired) Eric Bradley and Kit Bradley serving on its Board of Directors. All are descendants of family patriarch Henry D.
 ActivIdentity was acquired by HID Global in 2010 [1] ActivIdentity is an identity assurance provider based in Silicon Valley California. The company is focused on helping organizations prove and establish trust in a person’s identity when accessing resources on the network. The business provides authentication and smart card services to agencies including the United States Department of Defense [2].
 Thames is a British television production company formerly Talkback Thames. It is a brand used by FremantleMedia UK (part of the RTL Group which in turn is owned by Bertelsmann) along with Retort Talkback and Boundless. In November 2011 it was announced that Talkback Thames would split into four brands under the parent company of FremantleMedia UK. The name Thames was revived from Thames Television after being inactive for nearly nine years.
 Pluto Records is a record label started in 1999 by Eric Shirey and Brian Cobbel. Since 2002 it has been owned and operated by Brian Cobbel and based near Dallas TX. It is primarily known for punk metal and hardcore releases although not exclusively.
 Lightworkers Media is an American Christian film and television production company owned by Mark Burnett and Roma Downey. It is responsible for the The Bible on the History channel.
 armedangels is a fashion label based in Cologne Germany. Founded in 2007 the company designs a variety of apparel products made from textiles such as organic cotton and sells them via their online shop as well as in boutiques and major retails stores in six countries. The label creates and produces sustainable fashion that is both ethical and fashionable while attempting to appeal to the LOHAS demographic.
 Grupo Aval is a Colombian holding company engaged in a wide variety of financial activities including banking telecommunications and real estate; in Colombia and Central America. Grupo Aval is controlled by Luis Carlos Sarmiento (estimated net worth of $12.4 billion) who directly and indirectly owns more than 90 percent of its shares.
 Secora is Norwegian government enterprise created in 2005 to perform construction work on water transport infrastructure both sea lanes and ports. The company was originally part of Kystverket that is responsible for water transport infrastructure. Secora is based in Svolvær and has 90 employees.
 Pentrex Media Group LLC is an American producer and seller of railfan-related videos and DVDs founded in 1984 and currently based in Pasadena California. The company discontinued the sale of VHS video tapes on July 31 2009.Until 1999 Pentrex also published books and magazines and its magazine editorial offices were located in Waukesha Wisconsin. It continues to sell books and back issues of its defunct magazines but no longer publishes any.
 Samsonite International S.A. (SEHK: 1910) is an American multinational luggage manufacturer and retailer with products ranging from large suitcases to small toiletries bags and briefcases. It was founded in Denver Colorado in 1910 by Jesse Shwayder. Shwayder named one of his initial cases Samson after the Biblical strongman and began using the trademark Samsonite in 1941.
 Hispakart was a Spanish kart and racing car constructor based in Madrid Spain. The company was founded in 1961 by Ramon Lopez Villalba.
 Lumber Liquidators is an American retailer of hardwood flooring. It was started in 1993 by Tom Sullivan a building contractor who began purchasing excess wood from other companies. He then resold the wood from the back of a trucking firms yard in Stoughton Massachusetts. Three years later in 1996 the company found their niche market in hardwood flooring. On January 5 1996 the first store opened in West Roxbury Massachusetts and sold 150 sq ft of floors on the first day.
 Bristow Helicopters is a British helicopter airline originally based at Aberdeen Airport Scotland part of the Bristow Group (NYSE: BRS) based in Houston Texas USA.Bristow Helicopters Ltd holds a United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority Type A Operating Licence it is permitted to carry passengers cargo and mail on aircraft with 20 seats or more.
 Ceresana is an international market research and consultancy company for the industrial sector.It was founded on January 1 2002 by Oliver Kutsch who also is the company's CEO. Ceresana is headquartered in Constance Germany operates branch offices in Vienna and Hong Kong.An interdisciplinary team conducts analyses of various markets related to industrial goods the chemical sector and agriculture.
 The Penrith Co-operative Society Limited known locally as Penrith Co-op was a small regional consumer co-operative in the United Kingdom. The society was formed in 1890 and at the time of its merger with Scotmid it operated one department store with supermarket attached and eight small supermarkets or convenience stores in Cumbria and County Durham.
 SSE Airtricity (previously Eirtricity) was founded in Ireland in 1997 and is now a renewable energy company owned by Scottish and Southern Energy. It is an international wind farm developer and is currently building the Greater Gabbard offshore wind farm which is the world's largest off-shore windfarm under construction.
 Yunus Social Business (YSB) creates and empowers social businesses to address and solve social problems around the world. As the international implementation arm for Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Muhammad Yunus’s concept of Social Business YSB operates as a social business itself by initiating and managing Incubator Funds for Social Businesses in developing countries and providing advisory services to companies governments foundations and NGOs.
 The Boston Store is a former department store located at and State Street in downtown Erie in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The store itself was founded in 1885 with the building being constructed in 1929. At its peak two other Boston Stores were opened in addition to the downtown store. The Boston Store was closed in 1979. The building remained abandoned until 1988 when it was renovated into a combination apartment and commercial building and was renamed Boston Store Place.
 JSC Abakan-Avia (Russian: ЗАО «Авиакомпания «Абакан-Авиа») is an national airline of Khakassia based in Abakan Russia. It operates cargo trunk services within Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States as well as relief flights for the United Nations. Its main bases are Abakan Airport (ABA) and El Obeid Airport Sudan.
 Orion New Zealand Limited (Orion) is an electricity distribution company based in Christchurch New Zealand.The company was formed under its current name in December 1998.Orion is owned by Christchurch City Council (89.3%) and Selwyn District Council (10.7%). In 2013 Orion posted a $49m profit with $32m in dividends going to the shareholding councils.
 CenturyTel of Port Aransas Inc. is a telephone operating company providing local telephone services in Texas owned by CenturyLink. The company was established in 1955.
 C. & J. Clark International Ltd trading as Clarks is a British international shoe manufacturer and retailer. It was founded in 1825 by Quaker brothers Cyrus and James Clark in Street Somerset England – where it still has its headquarters.
 Emirates City is a residential and commercial development that is under development. The project is located in the Ajman Emirate in the United Arab Emirates and is expected to cost $4.1 billion US. This development is situated along the Emirates Road and across from the Humaid city. There are 72 residential towers in this development ranging from 20 to 60 floors.
 York park and ride is a park and ride system operated by First in the English city of York. It was designed and introduced to relieve York's overcrowded city centre car parks. Many of the car park developments and bus priority measures have been funded by City of York Council. The service operates with a flat fare between all park and ride car parks and the city centre and offering regular tickets and day tickets which are valid for use on all First York services.
 Apricot Computers was a British company which in the mid-1980s produced desktop personal computers such as the Apricot PC and the Apricot Xi that competed with the IBM PC and the Apple Macintosh.
 Disco Mix Club (DMC) is a DJ remix service founded by Tony Prince which began as a radio show (Disco Mix Club Show) in 1981 on Radio Luxembourg in the UK. Prince helped popularise a new style of DJ mixes using the turntable as an instrument. DMC started operating as a remix service in 1983. They started producing remix cassettes in February 1983 and vinyl in July 1984. As early as 1989 they began producing compilation CDs and later began issuing remixes exclusively on CD.
 NayaTel is a Fiber To The Home (FTTH) services provider based in Islamabad Pakistan and is a sister concern of Micronet Broadband. The company launched FTTH network in September 2006 making it the first one to do so in South Asia. The Triple play (telecommunications) services i.e. Cable TV Telephony and Broadband Internet offered by NayaTel are limited to the twin cities Islamabad and Rawalpindi.
 OTB is the holding company of fashion brands such as Diesel Maison Martin Margiela Marni Viktor & Rolf and companies like Staff International specialized in ready-to-wear production and distribution and Brave Kid specialized in childrenswear production and distribution.
 NetBank formerly named Atlanta Internet Bank (1996) and Net.B@nk (1998) was a financial company engaged primarily in retail banking mortgage banking business finance and providing ATM and merchant processing services. NetBank was founded in February 1996 and completed its initial public offering of stock in July 1997. It was one of the pioneers of the Internet banking industry and recognized as one of the first internet-only banks.
 Pixomondo is an international visual effects company with a global network of studios in Frankfurt Munich Stuttgart Los Angeles Beijing Toronto and Baton Rouge.
 ‘ISOTX’ is a Dutch independent video game developer founded by Vincent van Geel and Byron Rupp in 2005.Their first release was the MidEast Crisis mod for C&C Generals. This was followed by Iron Grip: The Oppression a mod for Half-Life 2.Since Iron Grip: The Oppression nearly all ISOTX strategy games have been set in the Iron Grip Universe; a dieselpunk alternative reality setting.In 2008 ISOTX released their first commercial game Iron Grip: Warlord which received somewhat mixed reviews.
 Timbercorp a now-defunct managed investment scheme within Australia from 1999 to 2008 was established to manage superannuation and investments in agriculture. The consortium of companies were placed into public administration on 23 April 2009 and is currently being wound up by administrators.Over 40 companies formed Timbercorp including silviculture pulpwood timber avocados olives almonds and other agribusiness schemes.
 Leason Ellis is an intellectual property law firm based in White Plains NY. It is the largest intellectual property law firm in Westchester County NY.
 Warcon Enterprises is a New York based independent record label focusing on mostly post-hardcore started by Bob Chiappardi of Concrete Marketing and Kevin Lyman in 2004. Warcon was a sponsor of the Rockstar Taste of Chaos tour. Warcon is distributed through Alternative Distribution Alliance and Fontana Distribution.Warcon Enterprises closed its doors in late 2008. There were several attempts to re-finance the label which failed.
 Djibouti Air is an airline based in Djibouti.
 ABF Freight System a subsidiary of Arkansas Best Corporation is an integrated source for comprehensive supply chain management. Beginning in 1923 as a local freight hauler the company has evolved into a global provider of customizable supply chain solutions. The company’s infrastructure includes a network for handling regional and national less-than-truckload (LTL) transportation of general commodities.
 Funnies Inc. is an American comic book packager of the 1930s to 1940s period collectors and historians call the Golden Age of Comic Books. Founded by Lloyd Jacquet it supplied the contents of early comics including that of Marvel Comics #1 (Oct. 1939) the first publication of what would become the multimedia corporation Marvel Comics.
 The Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) (often called the Chicago Merc or the Merc) is an American financial and commodity derivative exchange based in Chicago and located at 20 S. Wacker Drive. The CME was founded in 1898 as the Chicago Butter and Egg Board an agricultural commodities exchange. Originally the exchange was a non-profit organization.
 Gamecock Media Group was a video game publisher based in Austin Texas. It was founded in 2007 by video game industry veterans Mike Wilson Harry Miller and Rick Stults original founders of Gathering of Developers. They used a more hands-off approach and allowed developers creative freedom with their work as well as letting them keep their own intellectual property. On October 14 2008 SouthPeak Interactive acquired the company.
 Starwood Capital Group is an American private investment firm headquartered in Greenwich Connecticut. The businesses owned by the firm include Starwood Property Trust Inc. Starwood Energy Group Global L.L.C. Starwood Real Estate Securities L.L.C. and SH Group. It was co-founded by Barry Sternlicht and Robert Faith (who later went on to found Greystar Real Estate Partners).In 2000 Starwood Capital exited its investment in Starwood Hotels & Resorts Inc.
 Stripe is a company that provides a way for individuals and businesses to accept payments over the internet. Co-founded by brothers Patrick and John Collison the company has received $130 million in funding; investors include Sequoia Capital General Catalyst Partners Andreessen Horowitz Founders Fund Khosla Ventures and PayPal co-founders Peter Thiel Max Levchin and Elon Musk.
 Genii Capital is an international financial advisory and investment firm which specialises in brand management promising technologies motorsport and a wide spectrum of venture capitalism activities. It was created in 2008 by two Luxembourger investors Gerard Lopez and Eric Lux and has a particular focus on emerging markets including the BRIC (Brazil Russia India and China) nations.
 St-Just Aviation is a Canadian aircraft manufacturer based in Boucherville Quebec a suburb of Montreal. The company specializes in the design and manufacture of aircraft kits for bushplane operations based on Cessna designs. The company was originally located in Mirabel.
 Adelphi Edizioni S.p.A. is an Italian publishing house whose headquarters are in 14 via S. Giovanni sul Muro Milan Italy.Adelphi Edizioni was founded in 1962 by Luciano Foà and Roberto Olivetti. Contributors have included Roberto Bazlen Giorgio Colli Sergio Solmi Claudio Rugafiori and Roberto Calasso the last of whom became editorial director. Since 2001 the company has published the literary magazine Adelphiana whose articles are available online [1].
 Norauto is a French based company which focuses on car repairs car accessories and car parts.Its first store was in France in 1970 near Lille (Englos); during the 1980s the brand expanded its auto centers through France and abroad by entering the Spanish market.In 1986 it also launched its first brand product Norauto Oil while in the 1990s the group expanded to Italy Portugal Argentina and Poland with the launch of more new Norauto brand products.In the 2000s the group also created The Norauto Foundation and signed The European Road Safety Policy and in 2006 they expanded to the Hungarian market.In 2013 Norauto officially left Hungary.
 The Royal Dutch Chemical Society (In Dutch: Koninklijke Nederlandse Chemische Vereniging abbreviated: KNCV) is the professional association for chemists and chemical engineers in the Netherlands. Currently the organisation has approximately 10000 members.The organisation supports the professional development of its members who are involved in the fields of chemistry life sciences en process technology. The organisation is actively involved in protecting the interests of its members.
 Safelayer Secure Communications S.A. is a Spanish private company founded in May 1999. It develops software products on the Public key infrastructure area (digital security for the identity management electronic signature and data protection). Safelayer's technology is part of the three major certification and digital identity projects in Spain: Fábrica Nacional de Moneda y Timbre the Spanish ID card DNI electrónico and the Spanish E-passport.
 Citrosuco is the largest global producer of orange juice concentrate with about 45% of the product market in Brazil and 25% in the world. In addition to juice sales include industrialized orange by-products such as essential oils and animal feed. The company its headquartered in Matão Brazil andis a subsidiary of Votorantim Group a São Paulo-based industrial conglomerate. Citrosuco has offices in Brazil Usa Germany Japan and Belgium.
 AutomatedQA Corp. is a software company specializing in automated software testing tools and developer tools. It was founded in 1999 in Las Vegas Nevada and is currently based in Beverly Massachusetts.The first product released by AutomatedQA was AQtime a binary instrumentation profiler to help optimize performance for applications developed with Microsoft and Borland compilers.
 Pumpkin 3D is an animation studio based in France that specializes in Computer animation. Past work has included animation for the anime television series Oban Star-Racers and animated feature films including Azur et Asmar and Persepolis.
 Pasquale Hnos. often referred to as simply Pasquale is a Peruvian chain of fast food restaurants founded by Gastón Acurio Arnold Wu and Edwin Wu that sells primarily Peruvian sanguches chicha morada and Peruvian desserts. It is headquartered in Lima Peru and owned by the Peruvian company Sanguches del Peru S.A.C.The primary product of Pasquale Hnos.
 Parks' Fly Shop is a fly shop and licensed fly fishing outfitter in Gardiner Montana. In business since 1953 the shop located at 202 2nd Street between Main and Stone is the oldest business in Gardiner under continuous family ownership.
 Rotork plc is a British-based manufacturing company. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
 Phoenix Air Group often just referred to as Phoenix Air is an non-scheduled airline headquartered in Cartersville Georgia USA with the city's airport serving as its base. Founded in 1978 Phoenix Air operates worldwide charter flights (passenger and cargo; catering for corporate military or air ambulance demands).
 Woozworld originally called Kidstudio is a virtual gaming community and social network service founded in 2010 and headquartered in Montreal Quebec. Woozworld allows tweens also known as preteens to connect with each other through customizable profiles and interactive activities.
 Landsbanki (literally national bank) also commonly known as Landsbankinn (literally the national bank) which is now the name of the current rebuilt bank (here called New Landsbanki) was one of the largest Icelandic commercial banks that failed as part of the 2008–2011 Icelandic financial crisis when its subsidiary sparked the Icesave dispute.
 Lightspeed Venture Partners is a venture capital firm focusing on early and expansion stage investments in the consumer enterprise technology and cleantech markets.Lightspeed Venture Partners has backed more than 200 companies including Brocade (BRCD) DoubleClick (acquired by Google after going public) Nicira (acquired by VMware) Playdom (acquired DIS) Pliant Technology (acquired SanDisk) XtremeIO (acquired EMC) Blue Nile (NILE) Fusion-io (FIO) Phone.com (OPWV) Informatica (INFA) and Solazyme (SZYM).Lightspeed Venture Partners invests in the U.S. 
 Newgate Clocks is a British company that design and manufacture decorative wall mantel and alarm clocks for the home and gift industry.
 Swami Records is a San Diego based independent record label specializing in punk rock indie rock and garage rock that was founded in 2000 by John Reis. Reis also has his own radio show known as Swami Sound System on radio station 94.9FM KBZT in San Diego.
 JewTube is a free video sharing website comprising Jewish-oriented user-generated content. It currently offers a selection of curated Jewish-themed videos.
 Symphony Life Berhad (formerly known as Bolton Berhad) (MYX: 1538) is a Bursa Malaysia listed Malaysian property developer. It was incorporated in 1964 (then known as Bolton Properties Limited) and rebranded as Symphony Life Berhad in April 2013.
 Umpqua Holdings Corporation is a financial holding company based in downtown Portland Oregon United States. Headquarters are in the Umpqua Bank Plaza formerly the headquarters of the Benj. Franklin Savings and Loan. The firm has two principal operating subsidiaries Umpqua Bank (the Bank) and Umpqua Investments formerly Strand Atkinson Williams and York (Investments).The company's three main operating segments are community banking mortgage banking and retail brokerage.
 Ac3 Company ac3 (Australian Centre for Advanced Computing and Communications) ac3 is an independent broker and provider of ICT infrastructure cloud and collaboration services.ac3 headquarters is located at the heritage listed Australian Technology Park on the edge of the Sydney CBD.ac3 is a private company.ac3 is a member of the Australian Information Industry Association [AIIA] and the Storage Networking Industry Association [SNIA]Standards Compliance: ac3 is accredited to the ISO 27001 global standard for Information Technology.
 Air Cargo Mongolia is a Mongolian airline.
 SSL International plc was a British manufacturer of healthcare products. Its best known brands were Durex and Scholl; other significant brands were Sauber and Mister Baby. The company's name was an abbreviation of Seton Scholl London International its predecessor businesses. Since November 2010 SSL International has been a part of Reckitt Benckiser.
 MTI - Military technical institute Belgrade (Serbian: VTI - Vojnotehnički Institut Beograd) is a major Serbian aircraft and weapons designer headquartered in Belgrade Serbia.It was founded by the Yugoslav People's Army in 1948.
 Laserfiche is privately owned software company based in Long Beach CA United States that offers enterprise content management and automated form processing software for businesses. Laserfiche has offices in Canada Panama United Kingdom Hong Kong and Shanghai.
 Holosofx was a privately held company based in El-Segundo California USA that worked in the field of Business Process Management(BPM).IBM acquired Holosofx in 2002.The software department of Holosofx was based in Cairo Egypt.Holosofx was founded in 1990 by Hassan Khorshid who is originally from Egypt.
 The Glatt group is active internationally as an equipment manufacturer system supplier and engineering service provider in the field of processing and refinement of solid compounds for the food / feed pharmaceutical and fine chemical industry.
 The Serbian General Staff (Serbian: Генералштаб Војске Србије / Generalštab Vojske Srbije) is the highest authority within the Serbian Armed Forces.
 O'Reilly Automotive Inc. is a publicly traded chain of auto parts stores that started with one store in Springfield Missouri in 1957. It has since grown to include more than 4100 stores in 42 U.S. states. The corporation is headquartered in Springfield.
 Mano Maritime was founded by the Israeli entrepreneur Moshe Mano and is a subsidiary of the Mano Holdings Group. It engages in a wide range of shipping activities including various types of cargo ships passengers ships and other services. Mano Maritime ranks among Dun’s top 100 companies in Israel.
 American Family Publishers was an American company that sold magazine subscriptions. It was incorporated in 1996 in Utah. It is best known for running sweepstakes in which a large amount of money was offered as the grand prize (in a range of several hundred thousand to one or more million dollars). The winner was chosen at random by a professional auditing company from among all who responded to the sweepstakes regardless of whether a magazine subscription was purchased.
 Your Coffee Cups is a coffee shop based in the Warm Springs district of Fremont California. Opened in the summer of 2010 the coffee houses have baristas wear bikinis. Your Coffee Cups serves coffee smoothies and pastries the former being available in B cup (12 oz) C cup (16 oz) and D cup (20 oz) sizes.
 Ipsos MORI is the second largest market research organisation in the United Kingdom formed by a merger of Ipsos UK and MORI two of Britain's leading survey companies in October 2005. Ipsos MORI conduct surveys for a wide range of major organisations as well as other market research agencies.Ipsos MORI's Social Research Institute works extensively for the Government of the United Kingdom looking at public attitudes to key public services and so informing social policy.
 AiLive Inc. (formerly iKuni) is a software company based in Mountain View California. The company was founded in 2000 by software programmer and developer Wei Yen. The company has worked closely with Nintendo on the development of motion-sensing hardware tools and software for the Wii video game console.AiLive is responsible for the LiveMove series of products.
 The Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway Company (The L&LSR the Swilly) was an Irish public transport and freight company that operated in parts of County Londonderry and County Donegal between 1853 and 2014. Incorporated in June 1853 it once operated 99 miles of railways. It began the transition to bus and freight services in 1929.
 Houston Food Bank is a private non-profit organization founded in 1982 Houston Texas and is a certified member of Feeding America the nation’s food bank network. The Houston Food Bank is America’s largest food bank in distribution to its network of nearly 600 hunger relief charities in 18 southeast Texas counties.
 Proxim Wireless Corporation is a Milpitas California-based company that builds scalable broadband wireless networking systems for communities enterprises governments and service providers. It offers wireless LAN mesh point-to-multipoint and point-to-point products through a channel network. The company is a product of many mergers and acquisitions over the years.
 Case-Mate is a privately held company founded in 2006 in Atlanta Georgia by Shashi Reddy. The company designs and manufactures fashion-forward mobile accessories for a variety of smartphones readers and tablets - including Apple Amazon BlackBerry Samsung HTC Google Windows Nokia Motorola LG and Sony Ericsson. Case-Mate products are sold in 80 countries around the world.
 Prince Albert Transit provides local city bus service in the City of Prince Albert Saskatchewan Canada. Intercity service for passengers and freight to destinations throughout the rest of the province is provided by the Saskatchewan Transportation Company with connecting service to national bus routes.
 Primary Wave Music was founded in January of 2006 by music executive Larry Mestel and is one of the largest independent music companies in the U.S. with offices in New York City Los Angeles and London.
 Goldman Sachs Capital Partners is the private equity arm of Goldman Sachs focused on leveraged buyout and growth capital investments globally.The group which is based in New York City was founded in 1986. GS Capital Partners has raised approximately $39.9 billion since inception across seven funds and has invested over $17 billion.
 Ikarus Drachen Thomas Pellicci is a German aircraft manufacturer based in Stephanskirchen founded by Thomas Pellicci. The company specializes in the design and construction of beginner hang gliders for schools and flight training use.
 Tembec Inc. (TSX: TMB) is a paper company in Canada. Tembec has approximately 6000 employees located in Canada United States and France. Tembec's operating divisions include Forest Products Pulp Paper & Paperboard and Chemicals.The Forest Products Group comprises 31 manufacturing operations producing softwood lumber engineered wood products and specialty wood products.
 Three Ring Records is an independent record label based out of the San Francisco/Bay Area in northern California. Started in 2003 by Dan Crowell of the band D.W. Holiday Three Ring saw its first release that same year with the Bother's The Night Bleeds Gold. This album was mastered by recording engineer Chris Cline whose work has ranged from ...And You Will Know Us By the Trail of Dead to more obscure bands like Deadwood Forest.
 Tapuz (Hebrew: תפוז‎ lit. Orange fruit) or Tapuz Anashim (Hebrew: תפוז אנשים‎ lit. Orange - People) is an Israeli Web portal especially known for its Internet forums and other web medias such as BlogTV iCity and more.
 O2 UK redirects here. For other uses see O2 (disambiguation).Telefónica UK Limited (trading as O2 – stylised as O2) is a telecommunications internet and financial services provider in the United Kingdom owned by Telefónica forming part of its Telefónica Europe division. It is the second-largest mobile telecommunications provider in the United Kingdom (after EE) and is headquartered in Slough.O2 was formed in 1985 as Cellnet a 60:40 joint venture between BT Group and Securicor.
 Light Waves Concept Inc is an LED and track lighting manufacturer headquartered in Brooklyn New York City.Owner & Designer Joel Slavis’ large Brooklyn factory was acquired in part due to company growth and in part due to city programs designed to boost business in the New York boroughs outside Manhattan in 2006.Slavis and Light Waves Concept Inc participated in Prospect Park in Lights a holiday ceremony sponsored by the NY Daily News and announced by Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
 Serpent Model Racing Cars B.V. (known commonly as Serpent or alternatively Serpent Motorsport Serpent MRC or Team Serpent) was a company from Heemstede North Holland in the Netherlands specializing in competition grade radio controlled cars which has won numerous IFMAR and EFRA titles plus several national title; they are currently Chinese owned and all products are made in China as of printing.
 Independent Air was a chartered airline based in the United States that was operational from 1966 to 1990.
 Harbour Plaza Hotel Management (Chinese: 海逸國際酒店集團) is a hospitality management company in Hong Kong.
 NBC Sports is the sports division of the NBC television network. Formerly a service of NBC News it broadcasts a diverse array of programs including the Olympic Games the NFL the NHL Notre Dame football the PGA Tour the Premier League and the Triple Crown among others. Other programming from outside producers – such as coverage of the Ironman Triathlon – is also presented on the network through NBC Sports.
 Great Wall Airlines Company Limited is a cargo airline based in Shanghai People's Republic of China. It operated cargo services to Europe USA and Asia. Its main base was Shanghai Pudong International Airport. The airline was merged into China Cargo Airlines in 2011 but continue its operations with their fleet and their destinations.[citation needed]
 Realsoft Oy was founded in 1989 by two Finnish brothers Juha Meskanen and Vesa Meskanen to develop and market a product called Real 3D. Real 3D - nowadays known as Realsoft 3D - is a graphics software tool for production of high quality photorealistic graphics and animation.
 CenturyTel of Mountain Home Inc. is a telephone operating of CenturyLink providing local telephone services to communities in Arkansas including Mountain Home. The company was founded in 1946. The company has been owned by CenturyLink which was formerly CenturyTel.
 Alberta Investment Management Corporation (AIMCo) is one of Canada's largest and most diversified institutional investment fund managers with an investment portfolio of approximately $70 billion. Headquartered in Edmonton Alberta AIMCo manages the assets of 26 clients a diverse set of public sector pensions endowments and government funds.
 Sol Linhas Aéreas Ltda. is a domestic airline based in Cascavel Brazil founded in 2008.According to the National Civil Aviation Agency of Brazil (ANAC) in September 2011 Sol had 0.01% of the domestic market share in terms of passengers per kilometre flown. All operations were suspended on November 28 2011.
 Phoenix Dynamo Manufacturing Company Limited of Hubert Street Leeds Road Bradford Yorkshire electrical engineers manufactured small and large motors alternators and generators at their Thornbury works. They briefly manufactured major aircraft components during the later half of World War I. Their London offices were at 17 Victoria Street Westminster SW.The business was operating from the Hubert Street Bradford address in late 1895 making arc lamps and electrical instruments.
 Coresoft is a video game developer based out of Lake Forest California. The company was founded in June 1998. Coresoft has worked on platforms including the PlayStation PlayStation 2 PS3 PSP Nintendo GameCube Wii Xbox Microsoft Windows and iOS.
 Astra (Anonima Sarda Trasporti) S.p.A. is an Italian company which produces trucks construction dump truck heavy transport vehicles and military vehicles. Astra was privately founded in 1946 in Cagliari and since 1986 is a member Iveco part of Fiat Industrial. In 1951 Astra moved to Piacenza. From 1946 to 1986 Astra belonged to the Bertuzzi Piacenza family.
 The Ceylon Electricity Board (also abbreviated as CEB) is the largest electricity company in Sri Lanka. With a market share of nearly 100% it controls all major functions of electricity generation transmission distribution and retailing in Sri Lanka. It is one of the only two on-grid electricity companies in the country; the other being Lanka Electricity Company.
 DenizBank A.Ş. (Deniz meaning Sea in Turkish) is a private bank in Turkey. On 8 June 2012 Sberbank a leading Russian Bank announced to acquire DenizBank shares from the government. The acquisition is completed by September 2012. Since September 2012 DenizBank is controlled by Sberbank.
 KeyEast (Hangul: 키이스트 stylized as KEYEAST) is a management agency founded by actor Bae Yong-joon.
 Naviair (Navigation Via Air) is a state-owned company in Denmark under the Ministry of Transport that provides air traffic service including area control service for the Danish airspace and approach control for airports in Copenhagen Roskilde Aalborg Tirstrup Billund Esbjerg and Ronne. It provides flight information service in the lower airspace of Greenland and the Faroe Islands.
 Autonet Group established in 1996 in Satu Mare is one of the largest auto parts distributor in Hungary and Romania and claims to have an annual delivery of seven million spare parts to 9000 customers in the two countries.
 M&M Meat Shops (French: Les aliments M&M) is the largest specialty frozen food store chain in Canada. The company is headquartered in Kitchener Ontario and has locations in all ten provinces the Yukon and Northwest Territories; the company formerly had operations in the Midwestern United States under the MyMenu brand that was discontinued in early 2011.
 Chime Communications plc (public limited company) is a marketing services company headquartered in London United Kingdom and listed on the London Stock Exchange.
 April Records is a Danish record label (based in Copenhagen Denmark) specialized on Scandinavian electronica music: from ambient to techno and trip hop.List of musicians recorded on this label includes: Underworld DJ 360° Biosphere Blue Foundation Lindberg Hemmer Foundation Thomas Knak aka Opiate Jesper Skaaning aka Acustic Anders Remmer aka Jet Future 3.
 Redrow plc is a British housebuilder and general construction company based in Flintshire. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is currently a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
 Barclays Bank Zambia Plc also known as Barclays Bank of Zambia is a commercial bank in Zambia. It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Zambia the national banking regulator.
 Donut King is Australia's biggest doughnut franchise based in the Gold Coast Queensland.
 Harrison and Sons Limited was a major worldwide engraver and printer of postage stamps and banknotes. The company was established in 1750 by Thomas Harrison and it obtained its first Post Office contract in 1881. The company won the contract to print the single colour United Kingdom Edward VII stamps in 1911 after the Post Office decided not to renew its contract with De La Rue.
 Peninsula Airways operating as PenAir is an American airline headquartered in Anchorage Alaska. It is Alaska's second largest commuter airline operating an extensive scheduled passenger and cargo service as well as charter and medevac services. Its main base is Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport with an East Coast hub at Boston Logan International Airport
 Codenomicon is a private company founded in late 2001 and develops fuzz testing tools (also called robustness testing tools) for manufacturers service providers government/defense and enterprise customers. The company has raised Venture money mid-2000s and has been profitable since 2008 with more than 40% growth in sales each year.
 Gogii Games is an independent Canadian video game developer and publisher headquartered in Moncton New Brunswick Canada. Gogii Games currently employ 21 employees in Moncton having laid off more than half their employees in 2013.
 Falcon Air was a cargo and passenger airline based in Malmö Sweden. It operated mail transport services at night and day flights on contract for FlyMe. Its main base was Malmö Airport.Tha airline ceased operations in 2006.
 New Gold Inc. is a multinational mining company with gold silver and copper containing assets. It engages in both exploratory and production activity in North America (produces in the US Mexico development and exploration in Canada) South America (Chile Brazil) and Australia.
 Motown Motion Picture Studios (now known as Michigan Motion Picture Studios) is located in the Detroit suburb of Pontiac. The studios were first developed in 2009 when the state had a generous film tax credit promoted by the governor at the time Jennifer Granholm. The studios opened in 2011 and Raleigh Studios of Hollywood took over management of the facility changing the name to Raleigh Michigan studios.
 Cvent Inc. is a publicly held software-as-a-service (SaaS) company that specializes in meetings management technology. The company offers web-based software for meeting site selection online event registration event management email marketing and web surveys.
 M-Sport is an auto racing team based in Cockermouth Cumbria England United Kingdom. Formed in 1979 by the former WRC driver Malcolm Wilson and originally known as Malcolm Wilson Motorsport the team has had varying success running cars in several rally championships. Since 1996 M-Sport has prepared and run the official Ford World Rally Team cars in the World Rally Championship.
 Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Inc. is an American chain of combined restaurant and gift stores with a Southern country theme. The company was founded by Dan Evins in 1969; its first store was in Lebanon Tennessee which remains the company headquarters. The chain's stores were at first positioned near highway exits in the Southeastern and Midwestern US but it expanded across the country during the 1990s and 2000s.
 Beverley's was a Jamaican record label (1961 – 1971) owned by the Chinese Jamaican record producer Leslie Kong. Beverley's was essential to the development of Ska and Rocksteady into Reggae. The label launched the careers of Jimmy Cliff and Bob Marley having released Jimmy Cliff's first recording Dearest Beverley in 1961 and Bob Marleys early singles Judge Not and One Cup of Coffee in 1962.
 Arctic Cat (NASDAQ: ACAT) is a North American manufacturer of snowmobiles and all-terrain vehicles. The company was formed in 1960 and is based in Thief River Falls Minnesota. The company designs engineers manufactures and markets all-terrain vehicles snowmobiles as well as related parts garments and accessories. Its common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the ticker symbol “ACAT”.
 Polaris Media ASA is a media group which owns thirty newspapers in Norway. Based in Trondheim the group was established in 2008. Major newspapers owned by the group include Adresseavisen Harstad Tidende Troms Folkeblad Sunnmørsposten and Romsdals Budstikke. The company is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
 United American Insurance Company (UA) based in McKinney Texas provides supplemental life health and accident coverage. UA was founded in 1947. Today UA operates in 49 states the District of Columbia and has approximately 1000 people working in the Home Office. UA New York our individual insurance business is conducted through United American's subsidiary First United American Life Insurance Company.
 Panoz LLC is an American manufacturer of sports automobiles. Founded in 1989 as Panoz Auto Development by Dan Panoz son of pharmaceutical and motorsport mogul Don Panoz. The company is located in Braselton Georgia. Panoz products have included the Panoz Roadster and AIV Roadster and the Panoz Esperante. All Panoz road cars are tested at Panoz-owned Road Atlanta in Braselton Georgia and built at the Braselton workshop.
 The Netherlands Development Finance Company (FMO) called Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden N.V. in Dutch is a bilateral private-sector development bank based in the Hague the Netherlands. It is licensed as a bank under the supervision of the Dutch Central Bank.
 SKDKnickerbocker is a public relations and political consulting firm. It has offices in Washington DC New York City and Albany NY. The firm employs notable figures like former Obama White House Communications Director Anita Dunn and former recording industry lobbyist Hilary Rosen.The firm was formed in 2004 when Squier Knapp Dunn Communications and Knickerbocker Consulting merged.
 Ansett Australia or Ansett-ANA as it was commonly known in earlier years was a major Australian airline group based in Melbourne. The airline flew domestically within Australia and from the 1990s to destinations in Asia. The airline was placed into administration in 2001 after suffering financial collapse and subsequent organised liquidation in 2002 subject to deed of company arrangement.
 The Robinson Helicopter Company based at Zamperini Field in Torrance California is a manufacturer of civil helicopters. Robinson produces three models — the two-seat R22 the four-seat R44 both of which use Lycoming piston engines and the five-seat R66 which uses a turbine engine. Robinson also produces the Robinson Helipad a modular helipad designed for light helicopters.
 M-1 Global (Mixfight-1) or MMA-1 (Mixed martial arts-1) is a mixed martial arts promotion based in St. Petersburg Russia which organizes between 100 and 200 competitions per year.
 Bravo Brio Restaurant Group is the parent company of the Bravo! Cucina Italiana and Brio Tuscan Grille restaurant chains in the United States. The company owns about 90 restaurants and trades on the NASDAQ stock exchange under the symbol BBRG. It was established in 1999 and is based in Columbus Ohio. Saed Mohseni is the company's chief executive officer and president. Brio specialized in Northern Italian cuisine including bruschetta flatbread pizzas pasta steaks seafood soup and salad.
 Security Bank (PSE: SECB) more formally known as Security Bank Corporation and abbreviated as SBC is one of the largest commercial banks in the Philippines. It is one of the twenty largest banks in the Philippines in terms of assets.[citation needed]
 Lagardère [laɡaʁdɛʁ] is a French multinational mass media company headquartered in the 16th arrondissement of Paris. The group once covered a broad range of industries but is now largely focused on the media sector in which it is one of the world’s leading companies.
 Competitor Group Inc. (CGI) is a privately held for-profit sports marketing and management company based in Mira Mesa San Diego California. The company owns and operates over 40 large scale running cycling and triathlon events; of which includes the Rock 'n' Roll Marathon Series. Additionally the company produces four publications Competitor magazine; Triathlete magazine; VeloNews; and Women's Running that have a collective circulation of over 700000.
 The Myanmar Economic Corporation (Burmese: မြန်မာ့စီးပွါးရေး ကော်ပိုရေးရှင်း; abbreviated MEC) is one of the two major conglomerates and holding companies operated by the Burmese military. Founded in 1997 to establish profitable heavy industries that can provide the Burmese military access to supplies of important materials (e.g. cement and rubber) MEC's operations are shrouded in secrecy.
 Powertel Inc. was a mobile network operator headquartered in West Point Georgia United States that provided analog cellular and digital PCS mobile communications services in the Southeastern United States. Powertel traces its roots to the May 1989 incorporation in Georgia of Interstate Cellular Inc. a wholly owned subsidiary of ITC Holding Company Inc. Interstate Cellular was formed to acquire cellular telephone licenses and construct and operate cellular telephone systems. InterCel Inc.
 The Douglas Aircraft Company was an American aerospace manufacturer based in Southern California. It was founded in 1921 by Donald Wills Douglas Sr. and later merged with McDonnell Aircraft in 1967 to form McDonnell Douglas. Douglas Aircraft Company largely operated as a division of McDonnell Douglas (MD) after the merger. MD later merged with Boeing in 1997.
 Ong Shunmugam is a Singapore-based contemporary womenswear label founded by designer Priscilla Shunmugam. It is designed and made across Asia and offers ready-to-wear ranges and bespoke designs.Known for its innovative take on the cheongsam and integrating traditional textiles and Asian-inspired designs in its collections Ong Shunmugam has been described as being a thoughtful reinterpretation of traditional Asian ethnic wear...
 Desperate Fight Records was an independent record label in existence between 1993 and 2000 in Umeå Sweden owned and operated by Dennis Lyxzén and Jose Saxlund. It released records by most of the bands in the huge local Straight edge hardcore scene known collectively as Umeå Hardcore.
 Posthuman Records was an American record label specializing in industrial rock and electronic music founded by Marilyn Manson in 2000. It was a vanity label operating under the parent company Priority Records. The label was Marilyn Manson's first vanity label. Posthuman Records is now defunct.
 Kinyara Sugar Works whose complete name is Kinyara Sugar Works Limited (KSWL) is a sugar manufacturer in Uganda.
 Sunagor is a Japanese manufacturer and brand of optical products founded in 1948. The company specialises in binoculars and has been manufacturing them for over 60 years. Sunagor advertises ultra high magnification zoom binoculars and in early 2009 Sunagor launched what they claim to be the world's most powerful commercially available model 30-160x70.
 Jackson Electric Membership Corporation is one of 39 not for profit membership-owned electric cooperatives located in the U.S. state of Georgia with service in the North-East metropolitan Atlanta area. Power is supplied by Constellation Energy and Oglethorpe Power Corporation which supplies generation capacity to most all EMCs in Georgia with the exception of a few supplied by the Tennessee Valley Authority.
 Hawker Siddeley was a group of British manufacturing companies engaged in aircraft production. Hawker Siddeley combined the legacies of several British aircraft manufacturers emerging through a series of mergers and acquisitions as one of only two such major British companies in the 1960s. In 1977 Hawker Siddeley became a founding component of the nationalised British Aerospace (BAe).
 Roadrunner Network Inc. (d/b/a RoadRunner) is a Filipino digital visual effects and post-production firm based in Quezon City. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of the media conglomerate ABS-CBN Corporation. In addition to films Roadrunner is also heavily engaged in the production of commercial advertisement and web design.
 Nebu b.v. is a Dutch software development Company. It provides a component based software system for data collection and panel management. Nebu also provides technical support hosting and training.Its main target industries are marketing market research and opinion poll Research.The Nebu Head Office is located in Uitgeest Netherlands and has offices in Debrecen (Hungary) Cincinnati (United States) London (United Kingdom)
 Los Angeles Athletic Club (LAAC) is an athletic club and private social club in Los Angeles California USA. It awards the John R. Wooden Award to the outstanding men's and women's college basketball player of each year.The LAAC was founded on September 8 1880 and used several locations before settling into its own twelve-story building in downtown Los Angeles in 1912.
 Nitto Denko Corporation (日東電工株式会社 Nittō Denkō Kabushiki-gaisha) is a Japanese company which produces tapes vinyl LCDs insulation and several other products. It was founded in 1918 to produce electrical insulation and it survived World War II despite the destruction of its central offices.
 SITE Design Group is a consulting firm specializing in landscape architecture and urban planning. The firm is known for creating award-winning skateparks such as the Etnies Skatepark of Lake Forest. SITE Design Group created the Mat Hoffman Action Sports Park of Oklahoma City with BMX professional Mat Hoffman and a backyard skatepark for professional skateboarder Tony Hawk. The Solana Beach California firm operates in a worldwide capacity and has overseen the creation of over 100 parks.
 Quala S.A. is a multinational massive production enterprise that creates and distributes food beverages personal care products ice-based desserts and candies among others. Its headquarters is located in Bogotá (Colombia) operating also in Mexico Brazil Dominican Republic Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.
 VersaCold is a Vancouver British Columbia based company that provides warehouse and distribution services.
 Mitsubishi UFJ Capital or MUCAP is one of Japan's largest venture capital firms. Its parent company is the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group or MUFG the Japan's largest bank in terms of assets.MUCAP was formed on October 6 2005 by the merger of Diamond Capital a unit of the Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group and UFJ Capital an arm of UFJ Holdings.
 No Sleep Records is an independent record label based out of Huntington Beach California. They were founded by Chris Hansen in 2006. They are most noted for releasing albums by Balance and Composure La Dispute and The Wonder Years. Across No Sleep's development it has become known for offering free music in the form of sampler albums which they have released onto the internet and closely associates itself with vegan lifestyle and the revived interest in vinyl record sales.
 Entropic Communications is a provider of semiconductor solutions for the connected home. Founded in 2001 the company is headquartered in San Diego California USA and maintains offices worldwide.
 Fresh Games was a game developing label belonging to Eidos Interactive used from 2002-2004. It was created to allow gamers in Europe and the United States to experience more obscure Japanese titles that were previously only playable by import.[citation needed] It was created to shine a spotlight on quirky niche titles. Kevin Gill head of the Fresh Games label said that these titles would receive less attention while under the banner of Eidos Interactive.
 H. S. Pledge & Sons Ltd was a business engaged in the milling industry. The firm was started by Henry Sturgess Pledge who learnt his trade at the Black Mill Barham Kent United Kingdom.
 Green Mountain Community Network is a private nonprofit organization that owns and operates the public bus transit system in Bennington County in southwestern Vermont called the Green Mountain Express. Their bus service currently has 3 local fixed deviated weekday routes in Bennington: the Red Blue and Brown routes which can deviate up to 1/4 mile from their alignment upon request.
 Glasair Aviation USA LLC is a Chinese-owned aircraft manufacturer based in Arlington Washington that produces the Glasair and Sportsman 2+2 line of homebuilt aircraft.
 Mathis was a firm in Alsace that produced cars between 1910 and 1950 founded by Émile Mathis (1880–1956) born Strasbourg (then in Germany) died Geneva.
 Excalibur Almaz is a private spaceflight company which plans to provide a variety of deep space crewed exploration missions micro-gravity science and payload delivery.
 Asia Pacific Airlines is a cargo airline headquartered in Danville California USA in the San Francisco Bay Area. It operates cargo charter services from Guam. Its main base is Guam International Airport.
 Cantiere Navale Triestino abbreviated CNT or in English Trieste Naval Shipyard was a private shipbuilding company based at Monfalcone operating in the early 20th century. The yard still functions today though under a different name.
 Proximo Spirits Inc. is an American spirits importer and international distributor based in Jersey City New Jersey. It is best known for importing and distributing Jose Cuervo the world's largest-selling tequila brand.
 Artemis /ˈɑrtɨmɨs/ was one of the most widely venerated of the Ancient Greek deities. Her Roman equivalent is Diana. Some scholars believe that the name and indeed the goddess herself was originally pre-Greek. Homer refers to her as Artemis Agrotera Potnia Theron: Artemis of the wildland Mistress of Animals.
 Grindrod Bank (GRDB) is a commercial bank in the Republic of South Africa. It is licensed as a locally-controlled financial institution by the Reserve Bank of South Africa the national banking regulator.
 454 Life Sciences is a biotechnology company based in Branford Connecticut. It is a subsidiary of Roche and specializes in high-throughput DNA sequencing.
 Merck Sharp & Dohme Credit Union is a federally insured state chartered 470 million dollar 28000 member natural person credit union operating from two public branches and four Merck & Co. branches in and around Chalfont Pennsylvania.
 P&O Ferries is a British company that operates ferries from the United Kingdom to Ireland and Continental Europe (France Belgium the Netherlands and Spain). These were previously operated at different times as separate subsidiaries of P&O under the names Pandoro Ltd P&O European Ferries P&O Portsmouth P&O North Sea Ferries P&O Irish Sea and the joint venture P&O Stena Line.
 Och-Ziff Capital Management Group is an American hedge fund manager and global alternative asset management firm. In early 2013 the firm had more than $40 billion in assets under management. It is the 5th largest hedge fund in the world as end of 2011.The firm operates multiple investment strategies including merger arbitrage convertible arbitrage equity restructuring credit and distressed investments private investments and real estate.
 CompAir is an engineering and manufacturing company specialising in compressed air and gas systems. It is a division of NYSE-listed Gardner Denver.
 Avialeasing Aviation Company is a cargo airline based in Tashkent Uzbekistan. It operates cargo services linking cities in Asia with western and eastern Europe. Its main base is Yuzhny Airport Tashkent. It is a joint US-Uzbek venture and formed SRX Group in Florida in 1993.
 Established in 2007 Esoteric Recordings is a UK independent record label specialising in 70s progressive rock folk psychedelic and jazz-rock reissues as part of the Cherry Red Records umbrella of imprints. Its releases include both catalogue reissues and new works from artists who share a similar musical heritage.
 Founded in 1974 by Ben Kaminsky Odan Laboratories Ltd is a privately owned Canadian pharmaceutical company that develops manufactures markets and sells products in different therapeutic categories: gastroenterology dermatology central nervous system cardiovascular anti-inflammatory/pain antibiotics generics and vitamins-mineral supplements.
 The Monier Group is a manufacturer and supplier of building materials for pitched roofs as well as roof chimney and ventilationsystems. According to its own figures the Group comprises subsidiaries in 40 countries and operates 122 production sites in 33 countries. In 2012 it recorded sales of 1.315 billion euros and as at 31 December 2012 it had 8619 employees.
 Metalworks Studios is a music recording studio in Mississauga Ontario (Greater Toronto Area) Canada. It was established in 1978 by Gil Moore of the Canadian rock group Triumph (Inductee of the Mississauga Music Walk of Fame).
 Success Corporation (株式会社サクセス Kabushiki-Gaisha Sakusesu) is a Japanese video game and online game developer and publisher based in Shinagawa Tokyo and founded on June 7 1978. They are best known for their Cotton series of shooter games Zoo Keeper and others. Their most recently published titles include Metal Saga for PlayStation 2 and Minon: Everyday Hero for the Wii console.
 Print Audit is a private company that provides print tracking and copy auditing tools to office equipment dealers and end-users. The company's main software product is Print Audit 6.In addition to its headquarters in Calgary Alberta Canada the company has offices in the United Kingdom South Africa Australia and Latin America.
 Peroni S.p.A. is a company headquartered in Gallarate Italy. Peroni is an Italian brand that is worldwide known by theatrical productions because of its manufacturing of cycloramas theater drapes and stage curtains and other materials for scenography.
 PlayerAuctions is an online platform for players of massively multiplayer online (MMO) games to buy sell and trade digital assets such as in-game currency items accounts and power leveling services.
 Flavorite Ice Cream is one of the leading commercial ice cream manufacturers in Trinidad and Tobago. It was formed in 1970 by Vernon Charles. It is also known as Flavorite Foods as well. It is located at Boundary Road San Juan Trinidad. It is distributed to retail outlets and also exported to other Caribbean Islands as well.The company is publicly traded and listed on the Trinidad and Tobago Stock Exchange (code: FFL).
 Blue Inc is a chain of fashion retail stores based in Walthamstow London and operating across the United Kingdom.
 Top Up TV was a pay TV service in the United Kingdom launched in March 2004 operating on the digital terrestrial television platform. The aim of the service was to Top Up Freeview customers by providing additional content and services through encrypted TV channels unavailable to regular Freeview viewers.
 Live From Memphis is a volunteer organization supporting music film and art from Memphis Tennessee. It was initially established in 2000 with a focus on capturing local music and showcasing it to the world.
 Roys of Wroxham is a family owned group of general stores based in Hoveton Norfolk in an area generally known as Wroxham. The store after winning a competition in the early 1930s uses the motto The World's Largest Village Store in all its advertising and literature
 Bird Education Society for Travel & Tourism is an academy based in New Delhi with campuses in Chandigarh and Mumbai.The institute offers both Full-time and Part-time courses in the field of Aviation Travel and Tourism Information Technology and Hospitality Management involving Soft skills Training IATA Consultant and Foundation Course Airport Handling and Dangerous Goods Regulation.The Academy is an Authorised International Air Transport Association Training Centre in India.University of Delhi has also launched Certificate Courses in Travel and Tourism.Miranda House conducts various Tourism courses in collaboration with the Academy.
 The Caterham Group was formally announced 27 November 2011 at the Brazilian F1 Grand Prix. Caterham Group formerly known as Team Lotus Enterprise (TLE) is the holding company incorporated in the UK and owned by Tony Fernandes Kamarudin Meranun and SM Nasarudin that provides the platform for the future expansion of the Caterham brand across a variety of industries.
 Cougar Helicopters (a VIH Aviation Group Company) is a St. John's based commercial helicopter company servicing offshore oil and gas fields off the coast of Newfoundland and Nova Scotia. Cougar has permanent facilities in St. John's and Halifax.
 Reanimedia is an anime distributor in Russia Belarus Kazakhstan and the Baltic States working in cooperation with Reanimedia Japan. The company was founded in 2007.The main declared objective of the company is to distribute Russian editions of notable anime titles that approach Japanese standards of image quality packaging and additional materials. The company also works as a publisher and supports local anime festivals clubs of interest and other anime-related events.
 Avient Aviation is an international cargo airline with its head office in Harare Zimbabwe and its commercial center in the United Kingdom. Avient Limited was placed into administration on 5th April 2013. The company was established in 1993 and offered scheduled and chartered flights to Africa South America Middle East and Far East and the Caspian region.
 National Tyres and Autocare is an independent tyre and automotive parts retailer based in Stockport in Greater Manchester England. The company is now part of Axle Group Holdings Ltd. They are commonly referred to as just 'National Tyres' although the limited company is still National Tyre Service Ltd (trading as National Tyres and Autocare).
 Windham Classics Corporation was a subsidiary of Spinnaker Software. The corporation was founded in 1984 and went defunct circa 1985/86 or later. The headquarters were in Cambridge Massachusetts USA.
 Ricochet part of the Shed Media Group is an independent television production company that produces factual and entertainment programmes for broadcast by networks in both the UK and US.Ricochet joined the Shed Media Group in 2005.
 DuPont Danisco Cellulosic Ethanol LLC is a 50/50 joint venture between DuPont and Genencor a subsidiary of Danisco. The company is accelerating development and deployment of cellulosic ethanol which is ethanol made from non-food biomass.
 Fairford Electronics Ltd is a UK-based motor control innovator; designer and manufacturer and works in industrial and commercial markets worldwide.
 Flugzeugbau Friedrichshafen GmbH was a German aircraft manufacturing company. It was founded in 1912 in Friedrichshafen Germany by Theodor Kober who had previously worked for the Zeppelin company. The town which was located by the Bodensee was already famous in aviation circles as the place where Zeppelin airships were built.
 Suomi-Filmi lit. Finland-Film is a Finnish film production and distribution company established in 1919 by Erkki Karu. Suomi-Filmi produced around 160 feature length films and for most of its history was one of the two most important film companies in the country along with Suomen Filmiteollisuus. The company was home for several noted Finnish film directors mainly its founder Erkki Karu and the later two main directors Risto Orko and Valentin Vaala.
 MGM Holdings Inc. is a Delaware-registered pure holding company and the parent company of the American media company Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. Through this holding company MGM creditors own the Hollywood studio. Its headquarters are in Beverly Hills California.
 LHI Records was an American record label founded by Lee Hazlewood. LHI stood for 'Lee Hazlewood Industries'. The label was first distributed by Decca Records then by ABC Records (ironically both labels would eventually be absorbed by MCA Records). In 1967 The International Submarine Band recorded Safe At Home for the label which some consider to be the first country rock album. In 1968 US girl group Honey Ltd. released their debut album on LHI.
 Gordon & Rees LLP is a national law firm with more than 525 lawyers practicing in 28 offices in 18 states throughout the country including lawyers admitted in Canada England and Wales and Hong Kong. The firm was founded in San Francisco in 1974 by Stuart Gordon and Donald Rees both of whom currently maintain active practices. In just over 38 years the firm has grown from a small regional presence to national prominence.
 Julien Inc. is a stainless steel fabrication company. Through its residential commercial and industrial subcontracting divisions Julien has completed projects in 13 countries in a wide range of sectors including transport electrical and household appliances agrifood and the medical and food processing equipment industries.Julien Inc. has over 300 employees at its headquarters and 170000-square-foot (16000 m2) production facility in Quebec City.
 CCMP Capital is a private equity investment firm that focuses on leveraged buyout and growth capital transactions. Formerly known as JP Morgan Partners the investment professionals of JP Morgan Partners separated from JPMorgan Chase on July 31 2006. CCMP has invested approximately $12 billion in leveraged buyout and growth capital transactions since inception.
 Purina ONE is a trademark of Nestlé Purina PetCare for a line of premium dog and cat food products. Purina ONE foods typically contain some type of meat as their first named ingredient while still containing by-products grain fragments (such as brewers rice and corn gluten meal) and whole corn.
 Couponology is an online coupons and promo codes website. The company was founded in 2009 by founders Marina Daskalis and Aida Rodriguez. The original site (then Coupology.com) was focused on New York area merchants but eventually evolved to a worldwide catalog. In the summer of 2011 the company launched Couponology.com their current website.
 Kinsman Stable is the nom de course for the American Thoroughbred racing stable of George Steinbrenner best known as the owner of the New York Yankees Major League Baseball team. A director and former president of the Florida Thoroughbred Breeders' and Owners' Association Steinbrenner became involved with the sport in the early 1970s and owns the 860-acre (3.5 km2) Kinsman Stud Farm in Ocala Florida where his Thoroughbreds are stabled.
 Iristel Inc. is a Canadian provider of Voice over Internet Protocol services and is designated as a Competitive local exchange carrier. The company was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Markham Ontario Canada.Iristel has also deployed multiple redundant switching facilities and points of presence (PoPs) nationally resulting in the delivery of stable telecom business solutions to its customers.
 Bare Oaks Family Naturist Park is a naturist/nudist club located in southern Ontario about 40 kilometres (25 mi) from Toronto. It encompasses typical amenities for day users 110 serviced campsites and 5 guest rooms.It is situated within on 20.23 hectares (50.0 acres) of privately owned forested land at the edge of the Oak Ridges Moraine and in an area of legally protected land known as the Ontario Greenbelt.
 Snap Fitness is a privately owned and operated health and fitness club founded in 2003 by Peter Taunton. Headquartered in Chanhassen Minnesota the company specializes in smaller fitness gyms than its big box competitors such as Bally Total Fitness with a no frills business model that does not include pools tennis courts or locker rooms.Snap Fitness operates through franchising.
 The National Housing Bank (NHB) is a state owned bank and regulation authority in India created on July 8 1988 under section 6 of the National Housing Bank Act (1987). The headquarters is in New Delhi and its total staff June 30 2008 was 80.The institution owned by the Reserve Bank of India was established to promote private real estate acquisition.
 Moribund Records also known as Moribund Cult or just Moribund is an extreme metal label based out of Port Orchard Washington.
 ABC Group or ABC department stores is one of the leading retailer in the Middle East with about 60000 sq m of retail space and 8 outlet stores. Having over 70 years of brand name recognition and over 1000 employees it is one of the top Lebanese department stores that offers local and international customers the access to a vast collection of products services and entertainment facilities.
 Magnitizdat (Russian: магнитизда́т IPA: [məɡnʲɪtʲɪzˈdat] from the Russian words for tape recorder магнитофо́н [məɡnʲɪtɐˈfon]) and publishing изда́тельство [ɪˈzdatʲɪlʲstvə]) was the process of re-copying and self-distributing live audio tape recordings in the Soviet Union that were not available commercially.
 Leupold & Stevens Inc. is a manufacturer of telescopic sights red dot sights spotting scopes and binoculars located in Beaverton Oregon United States. The company started in 1907 is family owned and has been run by five generations of the family.
 Alterkeys is an online marketplace where accommodation anywhere in the world can be listed and booked for short term lettings. Based on the peer-to-peer property rental model the platform allows individuals and property managers to list their unoccupied accommodation space and connect with travellers looking for short term accommodation to rent. By June 2013 over 50000 properties across Europe were listed on the platform.
 EVNTelecom was a Vietnamese telecommunications company. It was set up as a 100% state-owned and self-financed subsidiary of Vietnam Electricity Group (EVN). It was one of five mobile network providers in Vietnam and the fourth to launch its service.EVNTelecom has been merged into Viettel following a decision in December 2011.
 Wellspring Capital Management is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout investments in middle-market companies across a range of industries.The firm which is based in New York City was founded in 1995 by Martin Davis and Greg Feldman. Davis (1927-1999) was best known for his role in restructuring Gulf and Western Industries into Paramount Communications. The firm has raised approximately $2.2 billion since inception across four funds.
 The Collective Inc. was an American video game development company located in Newport Beach California. The company has created several games based on movies and television shows since its founding in 1997.
 The Bradford Exchange is a producer and marketer of collectible goods jewelry sports memorabilia and apparel. Now part of the Bradford Group it was founded in 1973 as The Bradford Gallery of Collector's Plates by J. Roderick MacArthur. The company created its first live price quotation market in 1983 but increasingly turned to creating new lines of collectibles (rather than just facilitating exchanges between collectors).
 Feiyr is a digital music distribution service founded in 2005.Feiyr offers bands musicians record labels and Djs the ability to sell their music through the main international digital retailers.Feiyr functions as an interface between rights owners / labels and digital retailers (Download Streaming) e.g. iTunes Musicload Amazon Napster Djshop eMusic Vodafone.Feiyr offers non-exclusive deals to musicians and labels who retain full rights to their music.
 SECHABA BREWERY HOLDINGS LIMITED is the investment holding company with the controlling interest in Kgalagadi Breweries Limited (KBL).It was listed on the Botswana Stock exchange on 19 Jun 1989.
 JETGO Australia is an Australian air charter company that commenced revenue flights in 2012 with a focus on ad hoc and contract charter work particularly fly-in fly-out (FIFO) operations in support of the mining and resources sector.
 The Post Office Box Lobby Recycling program is a project of the United States Postal Service (USPS) that was created on October 28 2008 for consumers to recycle paper items using recycling bins placed in the customer lobbies of post office buildings. Some of the goals of the program are to reduce the amount of paper waste going to landfills which helps to reduce the consumption of fiber from trees used for paper production and greenhouse gas emissions associated with waste disposal.
 Spitfire Records was a subsidiary of Eagle Rock Entertainment located in New York United States.In September 1998 Paul Bibeau founded launched and rapidly developed Spitfire Records Inc. from a two-man operation located in his home bedroom in suburban Long Island New York to one of the premier independent record labels worldwide. The label experienced consistent growth from start-up Mr.
 Biological E limited is a biotechnology company headquartered in Hyderabad India. It specialises in the areas of low-cost vaccine production. The company is the first private biopharmaceutical company in India.[citation needed]
 Sabre Travel Network (STN) is a travel technology company serving travel agencies and corporations. It is a division of Sabre Holdings. Sabre Travel Network began when the Sabre computer reservations system also known as a GDS (global distribution system) was installed in Briarcliff Manor New York in 1960. It began as the reservations system for American Airlines.
 i2 Technologies was a supply chain management software and services company founded in 1988 by Sanjiv Sidhu and Ken Sharma in Dallas Texas (USA). The company was initially known as Intellection prior to being renamed i2 Technologies Inc.JDA Software Group acquired i2 Technologies in January 2010.
 Freetricity is a company that provides residential solar power systems under the feed-in tariffs in the United Kingdom. It was started by Ben Way and Paul Williams who met on the Secret MillionaireIt is reported that the company has access to between $50–700 million in funding for the UK market. They are registered under the REAL.In 2012 the company entered the biomass heating system and heat pump market under the Renewable Heat Incentive scheme.They opposed the government FIT cuts in 2011.
 Imperial Airways was the early British commercial long range air transport company operating from 1924 to 1939 and serving parts of Europe but principally the British Empire routes to South Africa India and the Far East including Malaya and Hong Kong.
 Greater Bridgeport Transit (GBT) is a transit service serving the Greater Bridgeport region of the U.S. state of Connecticut. The GBTA provides local bus service to the cities/towns of Bridgeport Trumbull Stratford Fairfield and Monroe.
 Yorkshire Tiger is a bus company based in Elland West Yorkshire. Formed in May 2008 as Centrebus Holdings in September 2013 it became a subsidiary of Arriva and was rebranded Yorkshire Tiger.
 Peski Records is a record label based in Cardiff Wales.
 Fon (Fon Wireless Ltd.) is a company that operates a system of dual access wireless networks. Fon claims to have the largest Wi-Fi network in the world with over eight million hotspots as at July 2013.Members whom the company calls Foneros agree to share a part of their bandwidth as a Wi-Fi signal so that they can connect to other members' hotspots.Consumers who choose not to share their Internet connection can buy Wi-Fi access passes or credit from Fon.
 Nordseewerke Emden GmbH (sometimes abbreviated NSWE in English: North Sea Company) was a shipbuilding company located in the north German city of Emden. Founded in 1903 shipbuilding ended in 2010 and the company was overtaken by the Schaaf Industrie AG (SIAG) which among others produces components for off-shore systems.The shipyard employed some 1400 people in the last years and with that it was the second-largest employer in Emden following the plant of the Volkswagen automotive company.
 Daewon C.I. (대원씨아이 Daewon Ssi Ai formerly Daiwon C.I.) short for Daewon Culture Industry is a subsidiary of Daewon Media founded in 1991. This South Korean publisher releases domestic and imported comics Newtype Korea Magazine children's books and light novels. With Haksan Culture Company and Seoul Cultural Publishers Daewon C.I. accounts for more than 50% of comics publications in South Korea.
 Casiano Communications is a private Puerto Rico-based company mostly known for its publishing of various periodicals and magazines which are distributed in Puerto Rico the Caribbean the continental United States and in 20 other countries.
 ZunZuneo was an online social networking and microblogging service marketed to Cuban users. The service was created in 2010 by the United States Agency for International Development (USAID). The U.S. government covertly developed the service as a long-term strategy to encourage Cuban youths to revolt against the nation's government fomenting a Cuban Spring—a reference to the Arab Spring revolutions.
 Crocodile Garments SEHK: 0122 is a textile and garments company in Hong Kong. Crocodile Garments was founded by the late Dr. Chan Shun in 1952.
 Noh Poetry Records is a San Francisco California based independent record label founded by electronic musician Don Falcone and graphic artist Karen Anderson in May 1987. The label is dedicated to electronic experimental space rock and psych music.Their first release was Kamarupa by Spaceship Eyes (Falcone's electronic solo project).
 Maple Leaf Foods Inc. (TSX: MFI) is a major Canadian food processing company founded in 1927 as a merger of several major Toronto meat packers.
 Riverhead Books is a division of Penguin Group (USA). It was founded in the fall of 1993 by Susan Petersen Kennedy with the goal of publishing exciting new voices stories and ideas and to publish books that have a lasting influence on American culture.[citation needed]Writers published by Riverhead include Khaled Hosseini Nick Hornby Anne Lamott Sarah Vowell Daniel H.
 Zari (or Jari) is an even thread traditionally made of fine gold or silver used in traditional Indian Pakistani and Persian garments especially as brocade in saris etc. This thread is woven into fabrics primarily made of silk to create intricate patterns. Traditional textile weaving in Iran (Persia) have long tradition of Zari especially in Zardozi embroidery. It is believed this tradition started during the Mughal era.
 For the Konami game see GoPets: Vacation Island.GoPets was a virtual pet site that involved raising a customized three-dimensional pet downloaded onto a user's computer.
 One Click Ventures (One Click) is an Indiana e-commerce business founded by husband and wife Randy and Angie Stocklin in 2005. One Click brands include SunglassWarehouse.com and Readers.com.
 BirthdayExpress.com is an American online retailer based in New Berlin Wisconsin that sells party supplies and decorations specifically for but not limited to children's birthdays.BirthdayExpress.com also powers the party store on the social planning web service Evite which along with BirthdayExpress.com's parent company BuySeasons Inc. is owned by Liberty Interactive Corporation. BuySeasons Inc.
 Vespoli USA is a manufacturer of racing shells for rowing. It was founded by former Georgetown University rower Olympian and World Rowing Champion Mike Vespoli in 1980. It is located on the Quinnipiac River in New Haven Connecticut United States.
 Faysal Bank is a bank based in Pakistan. Faysal Bank Limited (FBL) was incorporated in Pakistan on October 3 1994 as a public limited company under the Companies Ordinance 1984. Faysal Bank is engaged in Corporate Commercial Retail and Islamic Banking activities. The Pakistan Credit Rating Agency Limited (PACRA) and JCR-VIS Credit Rating Company Limited have determined the Bank’s long-term rating as ‘AA’ and short term rating as ‘A1 +’ with “Stable” outlook.
 CertusBank N.A. is a full-service nationally chartered bank with a presence in twelve states. Headquartered in Greenville South Carolina with secondary corporate offices in Atlanta Georgia and Charlotte North Carolina the bank currently operates more than 30 retail branches in the Carolinas Florida and Georgia and offers access to over 50000 surcharge-free ATMs through the Presto and AllPoint networks. CertusBank N.A. is a subsidiary of CertusHoldings Inc.
 Newegg.com Inc. is an online retailer of computer hardware and software. It is based in City of Industry California United States.
 Georgian Airways (Georgian: ჯორჯიან ეარვეისი) or Airzena is the flag carrier of the Republic of Georgia with its headquarters in Tbilisi. It is a privately owned airline operating services from Georgia to destinations mainly in Europe and Western Asia. Its main base is Tbilisi International Airport.
 Quicksilver Software Inc. was founded in 1984 by three Intellivision programmers from Mattel Electronics. Two of the three William Fisher and Stephen Roney currently work there (the third Michael Breen is currently a Principal Engineer at Johnson Controls).
 Dead Bees records is an independent record label with a roster of indie rock artists and bands.
 Martek Biosciences Corporation a component of Royal DSM NV produces nutritional supplements from cultivated fungi and microalgae. The company's products include the omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and arachidonic acid (ARA) an omega-6 fatty acid. DHA is used in foods beverages infant formula and supplements. The ARA is used in infant formulas.
 Edenred formerly Accor Services is an international firm providing prepaid performance enhancement and commuter benefit services for businesses. Headquartered in Malakoff France Edenred has been autonomous since June 2010 following its split from the Accor group.
 Canadian Natural Resources Limited or CNRL is an oil and gas exploration development and production company with its corporate head office in Calgary Alberta. Along with its core area Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin (WCSB)(CNRL & 2012 1) CNRL also has North Sea and offshore West Africa fields.
 Shanghai Yuyuan Tourist Mart Company Limited or Yuyuan Tourist Mart is the largest retailing conglomerate in China.The company has presence in a variety of business sectors such as department stores and entertainment shops in Yuyuan Garden Shanghai the sales of gold jade and other jewelry food and beverages Chinese pharmaceutical products souvenirs antiques arts and crafts the provision of property development property management import and export trading.
 Back to Mine is a series of mix albums usually (though not always) mixed by renowned DJs or composers of electronic music. The compilations usually feature artists other than the artist compiling the album and are based on what the artist would play at home after a night out rather than as part of a nightclub session.The first volume was released in February 1999 by DJ Nick Warren.
 Detroit Electric (1907–1939 and 2008–present) was an electric car produced by the Anderson Electric Car Company in Detroit Michigan. The company built 13000 electric cars from 1907 to 1939. The Detroit Electric brand was revived again in 2008 to produce modern all-electric cars by Detroit Electric Holding Ltd. of the Netherlands.
 Helvetic Airways is an airline based at Zürich Airport in Switzerland. It operates flights to destinations in Europe and Northern Africa mainly leisure markets but also to business destinations. The airline now also operates scheduled flights on behalf of Swiss International Air Lines using their fleet of Fokker 100s.
 UD Trucks Corporation (UDトラックス株式会社 UD Torakkusu Kabushikigaisha) is a Japanese company whose principal business is the manufacture and sales of light medium and heavy duty diesel trucks buses bus chassis and special-purpose vehicles. The company is owned 100% by the Volvo Group since 2007. Formerly known as Nissan Diesel the company changed its name to UD Trucks on February 1 2010.
 Seattle Cancer Care Alliance (SCCA) is a cancer treatment center located just north of downtown Seattle adjacent to Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center. SCCA was founded in 1998 by the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center UW Medicine and Seattle Children's as a separate jointly governed entity aimed at advancing both the research and treatment of cancer.
 Maariv or Ma'ariv (Hebrew: מַעֲרִיב [maʔăˈʁiv]) also known as Arvit (Hebrew: עַרְבִית [aʁˈvit]) is a Jewish prayer service held in the evening. It consists primarily of the evening Shema and Amidah.The service usually begins with two verses from Psalms followed by the communal recitation of Barechu. The three paragraphs of the Shema are then said both preceded and followed by two blessings although sometimes a fifth blessing is added at the end.
 Madfinger Games is a mobile game developer located in the Czech Republic. They have produced titles including Shadowgun Dead Trigger Samurai II: Dojo Samurai II Vengeance Samurai: Way of the Warrior BloodyXmas and BloodyXmas 2010. The studio consists of experienced developers who worked on titles such as Mafia: The City of Lost Heaven Vietcong and Hidden and Dangerous 2.
 Avala Film (Serbian Cyrillic: Aвала филм) is a Serbian film studio founded in 1946 as the first studio founded in post-war Yugoslavia. It is currently declared bankrupt.
 The Al Muhaidib Group (Arabic:مجموعة المهيدب) is an international private group of companies based in Saudi Arabia that was founded in 1946 by Sheikh Abdul Kadir bin Abdul Muhsin Al-Muhaidib. The current Chairman of the Board of Directors is Sulaiman A. K. Al-Muhaidib.
 Anjappar Chettinad Restaurant is a privately owned and operated casual restaurant chain that operates primarily in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The first Anjappar opened in 1964 in Chennai. Since then it operates over 30 restaurants in India the United States United Arab Emirates Qatar Canada Malaysia Sri Lanka and Singapore. The Anjappar restaurants focus on producing traditional Chettinad food.
 Lok'nStore[ (LSE: LOK) is a provider of self storage space in and around the South East of England. The company provides storage facilities in South East England. The company rents individual units to both business and domestic customers and is currently listed on the Alternative Investment Market.
 A virtual team (also known as a geographically dispersed team distributed team or remote team) is a group of individuals who work across time space and organizational boundaries with links strengthened by webs of communication technology.
 Alternative Distribution Alliance (ADA) the independent music and film distribution arm of Warner Music Group was created in 1993 to focus on the independent music business. In 2007 ADA was named Medium Distributor of the Year by the National Association of Recording Merchandisers and has been ranked the industry's No.
 The International Ultramarine Corps formerly the Ultramarine Corps is a fictional team of superheroes published by DC Comics. They first appeared in DC One Million #2 (November 1998) and were created by Grant Morrison and Howard Porter.
 The Patio Hotels Group was a British hotel chain established in 1983 with hotels in Europe and Israel.The first three hotels were built in France in the 1980s followed by the Patio Eilat Resort Hotel in Israel. Two hotels were later opened in Scotland – one in Clydebank (completed in 1990) and another in Aberdeen (completed in 1996).The last hotel left in the chain the Aberdeen hotel was revamped in September 2008 and now operates under the Doubletree brand which is part of the Hilton family.
 Crédit Agricole Srbija (Serbian Cyrillic: Креди Агрикол банка Србија а.д.) is a subsidiary bank of Agricole Group with headquarters in Novi Sad.Crédit Agricole Srbija is a community bank with a focus on retail activities. Also it provides services to Corporate Agro and SME sector. The bank functions through eight regional centers and has 82 branch offices in Serbia.
 EarlyShares is a platform for fundraising and investing. The company was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Miami FloridaEarlyShares primarily hosts investment offerings for companies selling their securities to accredited investors. The company also hosts some rewards-based crowdfunding campaigns. Investors use EarlyShares to invest in companies hosting investment offerings.
 Esker SA is a software producer and document delivery service provider headquartered in Lyon France. With the U.S. headquarters (Esker Inc.) locationed in Madison Wisconsin the company includes subsidiary offices in the United Kingdom Germany Spain Italy Australia Singapore and Malaysia.
 The A-Treat Bottling Company is a beverage company with headquarters in Allentown Lehigh County Pennsylvania in the United States that manufactures and bottles the regionally popular A-Treat brand of carbonated soft drinks.
 Anubis (/əˈnuːbəs/ or /əˈnjuːbəs/; Ancient Greek: Ἄνουβις) is the Greek name for a jackal-headed god associated with mummification and the afterlife in ancient Egyptian religion. According to the Akkadian transcription in the Amarna letters Anubis' name was vocalized in Egyptian as Anapa. The oldest known mention of Anubis is in the Old Kingdom pyramid texts where he is associated with the burial of the pharaoh.
 The German Rowboat Film- und Fernsehproduktion is a film production company based in Cologne.
 Star Energy was a British onshore oil exploration company until acquired by IGas Energy in December 2011
 Air Iceland (Icelandic: Flugfélag Íslands) is a regional airline with its head office at Reykjavík Airport in Reykjavík Iceland. It operates scheduled services to domestic destinations and to Greenland and the Faroe Islands. Its main bases are Reykjavík Airport and Akureyri Airport. It is a subsidiary of Icelandair Group.
 Sistema is a large Russian conglomerate company headed by Vladimir Yevtushenkov. In March 2006 Yevtushenkov controlled 62% of the shares in Sistema.Sistema has its headquarters in Moscow and operates a number of consumer service businesses in the areas of: IT and telecoms — Mobile TeleSystems Moscow City Telephone Network SkyLink MTS India. Microelectronics — Sitronics (formerly known as 'Science Center Concern') NIIME Mikron STROM telecom.
 Amazing Facts is an American Christian ministry. Beginning as a single radio program in 1966 it has expanded into television programming training health prophecy seminars and online Bible study ministries.
 Mems-ID is a technology company developing a tracking system for medical devices. The Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) platform is based on Micro Electro Mechanical Systems (MEMS) technology. This technology allows the Mems-ID chips to be integrated directly into individual medical devices such as surgical instruments and survive high-temperature autoclave and gamma irradiation sterilization processes.
 Les Domaines Agricoles (Known until 2003 as Les Domaines Royaux) is the largest Agribusiness firm in Morocco. It belongs to SIGER the holding company of king Mohammed VI According to reports the company controls 12000 hectares of irrigated lands in Morocco.Between 1967 and 1999 the company was directed by Frenchman Jean Soldini.
 Arkane Studios is a French video game developer based in Lyon France. It was founded in 1999 and released its first game Arx Fatalis in 2002. Arkane Studios opened an Austin Texas-based office in July 2006.
 The Centers for Space Oceanography (CSO) are an operating division of the Argos Foundation Inc. CSO was established in August 2004 by a Memorandum of Understanding between the Argos Foundation the Florida Aerospace Finance Corporation the Florida Space Research Institute and North American CLS Inc. While operating under the corporate umbrella of the Argos Foundation an executive appointee from each of the founding organizations form the Steering Committee of CSO.
 Atac (styled ATAC) is a brand of predominantly food stores operating supermarkets created by the Docks de France in 1985 and is a subsidiary of the Auchan Group since 1998.The idea of the Atac concept was a supermarket which was near bare with no frills and low prices.
 Dubai World (Arabic: دبي العالمية‎) is an investment company that manages and supervises a portfolio of businesses and projects for the Dubai government across a wide range of industry segments and projects that promote Dubai as a hub for commerce and trading. It is the emirate's flag bearer in global investments and has a central role in the direction of Dubai's economy.
 The Benefit Company (TBC) is the local switch in the Kingdom of Bahrain handling ATM and POS transactions among other services. Established in 1997 with a special license from the Central Bank of Bahrain as Provider of Ancillary Services to the Financial Sector it is the only financial network of its kind in the country.
 Cutter & Buck (formerly NASDAQ: CBUK) is a manufacturer of upscale clothing for golf and other sports. Founded in 1990 the company went public in 1995 and was sold to New Wave Group AB a Swedish-based corporation on April 13 2007.The company sells its products primarily in the golf and corporate clothing markets in over twenty-five countries around the world and has been recognized for its sponsorship of Swedish golfer Annika Sörenstam.
 Indxx LLC is a global diversified financial services firm. Founded in 2005 by Mexx Co-founder PK Sen Sharma the company has offices in New Delhi India; New York USA; and London UK. It currently has three main business divisions: Index Services ETF Advisory and Fund Advisory.The firm's index division specializes in the development and publishing of proprietary custom indices which are licensed to financial intermediaries worldwide.
 Bookminders is an American company providing outsourced accounting and bookkeeping services for small businesses and nonprofit organizations and is an innovator in utilizing a home-based professional workforce.The company has devised a unique system that compensates their home-based professionals based on the volume of transactions processed.
 The Pueblo Bridge Co. is a firm that built a large number of bridges in the United States. Several are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.Works (attribution) include:Avondale Bridge built in 1913 Cty. Rd. 327 Avondale CO (Pueblo Bridge Co.) NRHP-listedBridge over Fountain Creek Rt. 24 Manitou Springs CO (Pueblo Bridge & Construction Co.) NRHP-listedEWZ Bridge over East Channel of Laramie River Cty. Rd.
 Serena Software Inc is a US-based software company that provides IT management solutions to enterprises around the world. Serena solutions offer a process orchestration approach and span the areas of development DevOps and IT management. Serena is headquartered in Silicon Valley California and has 700+ employees.Serena is a portfolio company of Silver Lake Partners.
 Out 'N' About is a southern Oregon company that operates treehouse bed and breakfasts and assists with the construction of treehouses. It located about 10 miles (16 km) Southeast of Cave Junction Oregon
 The Sierra Vista Public Transit System is the public transportation agency that serves the Cochise County Arizona. Routes run every 30 minutes on weekdays. Five of the six routes meet at a downtown transit center.
 Openismus was a small company with limited liability based in Berlin and Munich with a focus on Open Source technologies. It is known for contributions to the GNOME project (through gtkmm GTK+ and Glade) and to the Maemo and MeeGo platforms as well as co-founding the GNOME Mobile & Embedded Initiative. The company closed down in March 2014.
 Cantiere Navale di Visentini is a family owned Italian shipbuilder based in Donada near Venice. The company is largest private shipbuilder in Italy.
 Takoma Records was a small but influential record label founded by John Fahey in the late 1950s. It was named after Fahey's hometown the Washington D.C. suburb of Takoma Park Maryland.
 Wind Engineering Firm Established in 1972 Rowan Williams Davies & Irwin Inc. (RWDI) is a specialty consulting engineering firm. The RWDI group of companies has offices in Canada USA United Kingdom India and the Middle East. RWDI is a wind engineering and environmental engineering consulting firm and has featured on numerous television documentaries involving wind engineering for the worlds tallest buildings and skyscrapers.
 Nordic Regional was an airline based in Umeå Sweden. It operated a scheduled network of services linking five domestic and one international destination. Its main base is Stockholm-Arlanda Airport.All operations were cancelled in 2008.
 Coventry Park and Ride is a park and ride system operated under contract to Coventry City Council and Centro in the English city of Coventry. Designed to relieve traffic congestion from the city centre and to provide a more affordable alternative to city centre parking users can park their car for free in the secure car park and only have to pay the return bus fare in and out of the city centre. The service is operated under contract by Travel de Courcey.
 V&S Group (V&S Vin & Sprit AB) founded in 1917 is an international producer and distributor of alcoholic beverages. The group is currently owned by Pernod Ricard. Headquartered in Stockholm the capital of Sweden the group employs approximately 2500 people.Until 1994 the group had the position of a national monopoly for production and distribution but this was abolished when Sweden joined the European Union in 1995.
 JD Sports Fashion plc more commonly known as just JD is a sports-fashion retail company based in Bury Greater Manchester England with shops throughout the United Kingdom and with four exclusive stores in Ireland. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. JD Sports Fashion Plc is 45% owned by the Pentland Group.
 Electronic Arts Intermix (EAI) is a nonprofit arts organization that is a leading international resource for video and media art. A pioneering advocate of media art and artists since 1971 EAI's core program is the distribution and preservation of a major collection of over 3500 new and historical video works by artists. For 40 years EAI has fostered the creation exhibition distribution and preservation of video art and more recently digital art projects.
 Bank Of Beirut is one of Lebanon’s commercial banks operating in 9 countries and offering wholesale and retail banking services.The Bank’s main activities consist of retail banking services (e.g.
 L'Observatoire International is a lighting design firm established by Hervé Descottes in 1993 in New York City. The firm works within a range of different spatial expressions including architecture landscape urban and fine art projects.L'Observatoire has become known for its innovative ways of applying light within the built environment and does so by merging the latest technologies with an aesthetic paradigm in order to most advantageously engage and reveal the program space and form.
 This article is not about Gamo subsidiary BSA Guns (UK) Limited or BSA Company or its successors.The Birmingham Small Arms Company Limited (BSA) was a major industrial combine a group of businesses manufacturing military and sporting firearms; bicycles; motorcycles; cars; buses and bodies; steel; iron castings; hand power and machine tools; coal cleaning and handling plants; sintered metals; and hard chrome process.At its peak BSA was the largest motorcycle producer in the world.
 DAW Books is an American science fiction and fantasy publisher founded by Donald A. Wollheim following his departure from Ace Books in 1971.
 The Beetham Organisation is a privately owned property development and investment company based in Liverpool UK. It was founded by Hugh Frost as Oastdren Investments in 1985. Its primary focus is city-centre real estate specialising in hotel residential and office projects. As of 2005 Hugh Frost owned 67% his sons Stephen Beetham (born Stephen Frost) owned 27% and Simon Frost held the remaining 6% of the company.
 Vale Vergas Discos is a record label based in Mexico City.It currently represents the artists Juan Cirerol and Hidrogenesse and over a dozen others.
 Lycamobile is a mobile phone virtual network that operates in Australia Austria Belgium Denmark France Germany Ireland Italy Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Spain Sweden Switzerland the United States and the United Kingdom where it is based. The Lycamobile brand is distinct from the Lycatel brand and operates with different national corporate entities. Although there are some countries of overlap Lycamobile and Lycatel do not necessarily operate in parallel.
 Bwin.Party Digital Entertainment is an online gambling company formed by the March 2011 merger of PartyGaming plc and Bwin Interactive Entertainment AG. The world's largest publicly traded online gambling firm it is best known for its online poker room PartyPoker.com and its sports betting brand Bwin (officially styled bwin). It is headquartered in Gibraltar and quoted on the London Stock Exchange. PartyGaming Plc was founded in 1997 with the launch of Starluck Casino.
 The Book People is a discount bookseller based in the UK. Operating since 1988 the company sells books online through its mail order catalogue and in workplaces through a direct sales team of 420 book sellers. The company was established by Ted Smart in Godalming Surrey and now also has offices in Haydock Merseyside and a warehouse and customer services centre in Bangor North Wales.
 Musik Josef is a Japanese manufacturer of musical instruments. It was founded by Yukio Nakamura and is the only company in Japan specializing in producing oboes and Cor anglais.
 For various meanings of Elf see Elf (disambiguation) pageELF Corporation (エルフ or élf) is an eroge studio. One of its most popular games is Dōkyūsei a pioneering dating sim which has had a sequel and been turned into video and TV series. The character design of the main villains from the -saku series is the company mascot.
 Aeroperlas (Aerolíneas Islas de Las Perlas) was an airline based in Panama City Panama. It was the third largest airline of the country only surpassed by Air Panama and Copa Airlines. It was a regional airline operating over 50 daily flights to 15 domestic destinations as well as charter and courier flights.It operated services as part of the Grupo TACA Regional Airlines system. Its main base was Marcos A.
 The Winchester Repeating Arms Company was a prominent American maker of repeating firearms located in New Haven Connecticut. The Winchester brand is today used under license by two subsidiaries of the Herstal Group Fabrique Nationale (FN) of Belgium and the Browning Arms Company of Morgan Utah.
 The Omni Group is a company that develops software for the Mac OS X platform. The Omni Group was informally founded as a NEXTSTEP consulting company in 1989 by Wil Shipley who immediately brought on Ken Case and Tim Wood. The three incorporated together under the name Omni Development Inc. in 1993 because the name Omni Group was taken by another Seattle firm.
 PassmoreLab is a San Diego-based stereoscopic 3D film studio that specializes in conversion of 2D films to 3D format native 3D film productions and 3D film distribution.
 Tech Cocktail is an American web publication and events organization for startups entrepreneurs and technology enthusiasts co-founded in 2006 by former Tribune Company and AOLemployee Frank Gruber and early FeedBurner employee Eric Olson.In 2012 Tech Cocktail re-located to Las Vegas to work with Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh’s Downtown Project following a $2.5 million investment.
 Fossil Inc. is an American designer and manufacturer of clothing and accessories primarily watches and jewelry but also sunglasses wallets handbags belts shoes and clothing based in Richardson Texas United States.
 The Monroe County Transit Authority known as the Pocono Pony is a public transportation service located in Monroe County Pennsylvania. It provides rural and inter-city fixed route bus and paratransit service within the county. MCTA is funded in part by PennDOT the Federal Transit Administration local match and farebox revenue.In 2013 East Stroudsburg was designated an Urbanized Zone and became a Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Turbine Inc. (formerly Turbine Entertainment Software Second Nature and originally CyberSpace Inc.) is an American computer game developer that develops 3D massively multiplayer online role-playing games (MMORPGs). Turbine was founded by Johnny Monsarrat Jeremy Gaffney Kevin Langevin and Timothy Miller changing their company name in 2005 to Turbine Inc.
 Big Switch Networks is a networking company that provides several products based on software-defined networking and bare metal ethernet switches.
 Banque Internationale pour la Centrafrique is a major bank of the Central African Republic.The name of the bank is abbreviated to BICA.
 The Independent Film Trust is a UK-registered charity which was set up to advance the cause of independent film-making. It works with groups such as the British Independent Film Awards and the Raindance Film Festival in fostering promoting and celebrating independent film-making in the UK.The IFT is run by the Board of Trustees which has been chaired since 2006 by Neil McCartney.
 The Ferrovie della Sardegna (Railways of Sardinia) know also as ARST Gestione FdS and with the acronym FdS was the regional railway network in the island of Sardinia Italy.
 Sedimental is an independent recording label based in Greenfield Massachusetts releasing mainly experimental sound art noise free jazz avant garde and drone music. It began 20 years ago in Austin Texas with the first album from ambient-drone group Stars of the Lid and their debut Music for Nitrous Oxide in 1995. It has followed up to present day with specialized releases from Phill Niblock Kyle Bobby Dunn Francisco Lopez Brendan Murray and Alessandro Bosetti.
 Established in 2006 Anova Music is a music company based in Israel representing a variety of Israeli independent artists. in the local and international market and providing them with everything from studio time to publishing together with booking services and international development.Anova’s primary aim is to create and produce music content and export it worldwide.
 TerrorBull Games is an independent games studio based in Cambridge UK. TerrorBull Games was founded in October 2005 by Andrew Sheerin and Andy Tompkins in order to self-publish their first board game War on Terror. According to their own blog TerrorBull approached several existing publishers with the game and found themselves laughed out of the room.
 Rogaland County Municipality (Norwegian: Rogaland fylkeskommune) is the regional governing administration of Rogaland Norway. The main responsibilities of the county municipality includes the running of 29 upper secondary schools. It administrates the county roadways public transport dental care culture and cultural heritage.The county council has 35 members and county mayor is Tom Tvedt (Labour) while his deputy is Ellen Marie Solheim (Christian Democrat).
 Uganda Telecom whose full legal name is Uganda Telecom Limited (UTL) is an information and communication technology network company in Uganda.
 Disney D23 is the official fan club for The Walt Disney Company. Founded in 2009 the organization is known mainly for its biennial exposition event D23 Expo.
 Gristedes is a New York City-based chain of small supermarkets. It serves a mostly urban customer base.
 N. W. Ayer & Son was an advertising agency founded in Philadelphia Pennsylvania in 1869. It called itself the oldest advertising agency in the United States. Named after Francis Ayer's father N. W. Ayer it ventured into advertising in 1884. It created a number of memorable slogans for firms such as De Beers AT&T and the U.S. Army. The company started to decline in the 1960s and after a series of mergers was closed in 2002 with its assetts sold to the Publicis Groupe.
 Halcrow Group Limited is a multinational engineering consultancy company based in the United Kingdom.Halcrow is one of the UK's largest consultancies with origins stretching back to 1868. The UK-based consultancy specialises in the provision of planning design and management services for infrastructure development worldwide. With interests in transportation water maritime and property the company is undertaking commissions in over 70 countries from a network of more than 90 offices.
 China Airlines (CAL) (Chinese: 中華航空公司; traditional Chinese: 中華航空公司; pinyin: Zhōnghuá Hángkōng gōngsī commonly abbreviated as Huáháng (Chinese: 華航; traditional Chinese: 華航; )) (TWSE: 2610) is the largest airline in Taiwan. It is headquartered in Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport.
 The Barrington Griffiths Watch Company based in Calgary Canada is a designer and manufacturer of limited edition wristwatches using recycled Swiss movements. The design of their Modern Classic watch was inspired by the 1940s mechanical movement used in its construction. The Barrington Griffiths Watch Company is one of only a few companies making wristwatches in Canada.
 The Maritime Broadcasting System Limited is a private Canadian broadcasting company owning 21 radio stations serving several communities in Nova Scotia Prince Edward Island and New Brunswick.Commonly called MBS Radio the company was established in 1969 as Eastern Broadcasting Limited in Campbellton New Brunswick and is currently owned by Robert L. Pace. The company's head office is now located in Halifax Nova Scotia on Sackville Street.MBS also owns the Maritime News Network.
 UMPQUA Research Company (URC) is an aerospace technology company based in Myrtle Creek Oregon United States. URC was founded in 1973 by David F. Putnam and Gerald V. Colombo. URC designs and builds water disinfection and purification subsystems for the Space Shuttle extra-vehicular activity the International Space Station and flight experiments.
 Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP is a European law firm providing commercial solutions across a range of industry sectors. It has a particular focus on companies that are highly regulated and those with intellectual property and technology-driven business models. The firm has over 140 partners 210 other lawyers and nearly 300 support staff across offices in Brussels Hamburg Paris London Manchester Munich Palo Alto and Shanghai
 BBC Books (also formerly known as BBC Publishing) is an imprint majority owned and managed by Random House. The minority shareholder is BBC Worldwide the commercial subsidiary of the British Broadcasting Corporation. The imprint has been active since the 1980s.Via its Ebury Publishing division Random House publishes a range of books connected to BBC radio and television programming including cookery natural history lifestyle and behind the scenes making-of books.
 The Hungarian Natural History Museum (Hungarian: Magyar Természettudományi Múzeum) in Budapest dating back to 1802 houses the largest natural history collections of Hungary and the region.
 Programma International was one of the first personal computer software publishers. Established in the late 1970s by David Gordon it published a line of approximately 300 game programming utility and office productivity products for the Apple II Commodore PET TRS-80 and other personal computer systems. Hayden Publishing bought Programma International in 1980 and the company went out of business in 1983.
 Asian Institute of Finance or AIF for short is a non-profit organisation focused on human capital development in the Financial Services Industry (FSI). The institute is located at KL Sentral Kuala Lumpur Malaysia.
 Oman Telecommunications Company (Omantel) is the first telecommunications company in Oman and is the primary provider of internet services in the country. Omantel acquired a 65% share in WorldCall Pakistan in April 2008. The government of Oman owns a 70% share in Omantel.Omantel has estbalished it self as a major international hub with currently 10 submarine cables landing in Oman e.g. TWA EIG PLAG Falcon EPEG SMW-3 Mena POI OMRAN GBI and BBG.
 Peet's Coffee & Tea is a San Francisco Bay Area based specialty coffee roaster and retailer. Founded in 1966 by Alfred Peet in Berkeley California as Peet's Coffee Tea & Spices Peet's is known for its early introduction of darker roasted arabica coffee such as French roast and grades appropriate for espresso drinks to Bay Area and US coffee retailing for both freshly roasted beans and in-store brewed coffee.
 SuperSeaCat was a shipping company operating fast ferries between Helsinki Finland and Tallinn Estonia during the years 2006—2008. It was jointly owned by Sea Containers and the Greece-based Aegean Speed Lines.The term SuperSeaCat had been used as name for Sea Containers' non-catamaran fast ferries since 1997. From the year 2000 onwards the company operated one SuperSeaCat (later three) under Silja Line brand between Helsinki and Tallinn.
 Kalyan Silks is the largest textile retailing chain in India. It is headquartered in City of Thrissur Kerala. It is headed by T.S. Pattabhiraman Chairman and Managing Director.
 GAIL (India) Limited is the largest state-owned natural gas processing and distribution company in India It is headquartered in New Delhi. It has following business segments: Natural Gas Liquid Hydrocarbon Liquefied petroleum gas Transmission Petrochemical City Gas Distribution Exploration and Production GAILTEL and Electricity Generation. GAIL has been conferred with the MaharatnaMaharatna status on 1 Feb 2013 by the Government of India.
 DC Comics Inc. is one of the largest and most successful companies operating in the market for American comic books and related media. It is the publishing unit of DC Entertainment a company of Warner Bros. Entertainment which itself is owned by Time Warner.
 New Mexico Airlines is an American commuter airline brand founded by Pacific Air Holdings to operate flights in New Mexico after the airline was awarded an Essential Air Service contract to serve Hobbs and Carlsbad New Mexico. The airline started flights on July 1 2007 and uses the airline identifiers and call signs of its parent company Pacific Wings. Despite having New Mexico in the name the brand is actually headquartered in Mesa Arizona in the Phoenix metro area.
 Envelopes.com is an American envelope and stationery supply company founded in 1971 as Action Envelope. It transitioned to an online company in 2000.
 Scandlines is a major German-Danish ferry operator.It consists of a parent company Scandlines AG and under this parent company a German subsidiary named Scandlines Deutschland GmbH and a Danish subsidiary named Scandlines Danmark A/S.
 Strikeforce was a U.S.-based mixed martial arts and kickboxing organization based in San Jose California which ran from 1985 to 2013. It was headed by CEO Scott Coker.
 Truronian was an English bus and coach operator based in Truro.
 Blind Pig Records is an American blues independent record label.Blind Pig was formed in 1977 in Ann Arbor Michigan United States by Jerry Del Giudice owner of the Blind Pig Cafe and his friend Edward Chmelewski. The label is now based in San Francisco. In the late 2000s the label started a reissue vinyl series featuring reissues from its back catalog on 180-gram high quality vinyl.
 Stunner Media based in Montreal Quebec Canada is a gay pornography film production company. It began as an Internet pornography company and later moved into DVD production. It also licenses gay content to satellite and cable companies that offer it on a pay-per-view basis.In addition to producing gay pornography Stunner Media operates eight affiliate marketing programs that enable internet marketers to sell memberships to its websites in exchange for a portion of the revenue generated.
 Founded in 1946 by Frédéric Wittwer to whom it owes its name Frewitt is a Swiss company located in Fribourg which builds grinding and milling equipment for the pharmaceutical and chemical industry.
 Fly Baboo SA marketed as Baboo was a regional airline based on the grounds of Geneva International Airport and in Grand-Saconnex Switzerland. In November 2010 the company was saved from bankruptcy and acquired by Darwin Airline Group from Lugano.
 Siderúrgica de Orinoco C.A. Alfredo Maneiro (Sidor) is the biggest Venezuelan steel corporation. The company is situated in an industrial zone in Ciudad Guayana Bolívar State near the Orinoco River. Major iron deposits were found in the area in 1926 and 1947. The plant was designed to make use of hydro-electricity from the river Caroni.
 Boyes is a chain of department stores in the UK. William Boyes founded the firm in 1881 and is a generation family run business.
 Kings Bay AS is a government enterprise owned by the Norwegian Ministry of Trade and Industry that operates the entire settlement of Ny-Ålesund on Svalbard. The settlement the most northerly in the world serves research staff.
 Founded in 1982 by Ralph Nader Essential Information is a non-profit organization involved in a variety of projects to encourage citizens to become active and engaged in their communities.
 Tuffy Auto Service Centers is a chain of franchise and company-owned automotive service centers headquartered in Toledo Ohio. As of March 2012 there were 235 locations in 20 states in the eastern United States.The company is owned by the Tuffy Associates Corporation which also owns the Car-X Tire and Auto dealerships. Tuffy was founded in 1970 by Charles Amy as a muffler shop but later diversified into repairing steering suspension and brakes.
 Cameo-Parkway Records was the parent company of Cameo Records and Parkway Records which were major American Philadelphia-based record labels from 1956 (for Cameo) and 1958 (for Parkway) to 1967. Among the types of music released were doo-wop dance hits popular/rock rockabilly big band garage rock soul and novelty records.Until 1962 Cameo was also the parent company name for both labels and Parkway was a subsidiary.
 Future Records is an independent record label based in Reykjavík Iceland. It was started in 2006 by Hreinn Elíasson Sigurmon Hartmann Sigurðsson and Ólafur Halldór Ólafsson - all artists themselves.
 Muir Homes is one of the largest privately owned housebuilding companies of Scotland. Based in Inverkeithing Fife it is part of the J. W. Muir Group one of the country's leading property development companies. It specialises in timber-framed construction of homes and flats. John Muir one of the richest men in Scotland set up Muir Homes in 1973.
 Trafigura Beheer BV is a Dutch multinational commodity trading company founded in 1993 trading in base metals and energy including oil. It operates from 81 offices in 56 countries and is the world's third largest private oil and metals trader after Vitol and Glencore Xstrata. Trafigura was set up by Claude Dauphin and Eric de Turckheim. It split off from a group of companies managed by Marc Rich in 1993. Dauphin owns less than 20% of the company with the rest owned by 500 senior staff.
 Nobel Biocare is a company that manufactures dental implants and CAD/CAM-based individualized prosthetics and is headquartered in Kloten Switzerland near the Zürich Airport. Nobel Biocare in its current form was founded in 2002.
 RingCentral provides cloud computing based phone systems designed to help small businesses manage mobile fax and email communications. Its products include RingCentral Office RingCentral Mobile and RingCentral Fax.
 Choate Hall & Stewart LLP is a Boston-based law firm founded in 1899. It is one of the largest law firms in the Greater Boston area and remains headquartered and firmly rooted in that city.
 The Eastern Color Printing Company was a company that published comic books beginning in 1933. At first it was only newspaper comic strip reprints but later on original material was published. Eastern Color Printing was incorporated in 1928 and soon became successful by printing color newspaper sections for several New England and New York papers.
 The Coffin Factory Inc. is a not-for-profit organization devoted to the arts. The organization was founded by Randy Rosenthal and Laura Isaacman in 2011 and is based in Brooklyn New York. The first production of The Coffin Factory Inc. was a literary magazine called The Coffin Factory. Billed as the magazine for people who love books The Coffin Factory produced five issues with work representing over 30 countries.
 Korea Express Air is an air taxi airline with its head office in Nam-myeon (KO) Taean South Chungcheong Province and with flight operations based in Gimpo International Airport in Seoul.
 Tschudi Group is a private shipping and investment company based in Oslo Norway. Among the shipping companies owned are Eesti Merelevandus TECO Lines International Transport Contractors Management First Baltic Shipmanagement and Rederiet Otto Danielsen as well as the inhouse groups Tschudi Management and Tschudi Road Transport and the former mining company Sydvaranger.
 Lateral Link Group LLC is a legal recruiting firm and networking forum for elite attorneys that was founded in December 2005 by several Harvard Law School alumni. The company specializes in placing attorneys at top-tier firms and provides free career services to Members through its online job database as well as traditional off-line recruiting and networking services.
 Joyces 365 is a family-run supermarket chain based in Headford Galway Ireland. The supermarket chain has four stores located in four Galway towns: Headford Knocknacarra Tuam and Athenry. Athenry is the flagship store.Joyces 365 was founded in 1951 and has around 230 employees. Pat Joyce is the owner and manager of the supermarket chain.On the 10 May 1999 Joyces 365 opened a new shop in Knocknacarra.
 Visual Concepts is a California-based video game developer best known for developing Take-Two Interactive's 2K series of sports games. After the success of the series they were acquired by Sega and became a wholly owned studio with Sega usually termed a first-party developer. However Sega at the time termed non-internal studios that the company either set up or purchased as 1.5 development studios in order to differentiate them from their own internal studios.
 Size Five Games (formerly Zombie Cow Studios) is a British independent video game developer founded by Dan Marshall in 2008. Dan Marshall's previous games were retroactively brought under the Zombie Cow banner upon its founding.Their first new release was a donationware adventure game called Ben There Dan That! released in 2008. It was widely praised by the adventure game community and downloaded 50000 times but brought in only a couple of hundred quid due to its donation model.
 Van Hage is a British-based garden centre chain that has over 50 years' experience in garden plant garden equipment design and leisure retailing. The chain currently operates three centres two in Hertfordshire and one in Peterborough Cambridgeshire.
 Yoh Services LLC is an American talent and outsourcing company headquartered in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Yoh’s primary services include temporary placement direct hire managed staffing services and outsourced solutions. The company specializes in providing short- and long-term professionals for the information technology scientific clinical engineering health care telecommunications and industrial industries.
 Betgenius is a software company that provides real-time odds comparison services to the public and bookmakers. They also offer real time data embedded into online advertisements via their Connextra platform.
 Freed of London Ltd often referred to simply as Freed is a manufacturer of pointe shoes and other dance shoes and apparel.
 Kawasaki Heavy Industries Aerospace Company (川崎重工業航空宇宙カンパニー Kawasaki Jūkōgyō Kōkūuchū Kanpanii) is the aerospace division of Kawasaki Heavy Industries. It produces aircraft space systems simulators jet engines missiles and electronic equipment.
 V3 Gaming PC is a manufacturer of custom-built personal computers headquartered in Lomita California. The company founded in 2010 by industry veterans touts compatibility with 3D gaming technologies such as NVIDIA 3D Vision as a selling point for its products. V3 Gaming PC computers are specifically designed for the gaming and enthusiast markets and offer different levels of performance for different usage environments and price segments.
 Gucci (Italian pronunciation: [ˈɡuttʃi]) is an Italian fashion and leather goods brand part of the Gucci Group which is owned by French company Kering formerly known as PPR. Gucci was founded by Guccio Gucci in Florence in 1921.Gucci generated about € 4.2 billion in revenue worldwide in 2008 according to BusinessWeek magazine and climbed to 41st position in the magazine's annual 2009 Top Global 100 Brands chart created by Interbrand. Gucci is also the biggest-selling Italian brand.
 Journelle is a designer lingerie store based in New York with an out-of-state following through their online store. Journelle comes from the French word “journellement” meaning “daily” and emphasizes the idea that beautiful lingerie should be worn everyday. Both the physical stores and the online store present a highly curated collection of lingerie rather than an exhaustive selection.
 Sanmina Corporation is a global electronics manufacturing services (EMS) provider headquartered in San Jose California that serves original equipment manufacturers in technology-related industries such as communications and computer hardware. Sanmina has nearly 80 manufacturing sites. The company is one of the world’s largest independent manufacturer of printed circuit boards and backplanes.
 Roc-A-Fella Records is a record label founded by Shawn Jay-Z Carter Damon Dame Dash and Kareem Biggs Burke. It operated as a subsidiary of Universal Music Group and was distributed by The Island Def Jam Music Group.
 Texas Comics was an American independent comics company set up in 1983 by several Texas-based comic book fans who had worked together before on the Comics Informer fanzine.[citation needed] Texas Comics licenced the then-popular superhero series Justice Machine from its creator Mike Gustovich after his previous publisher Noble Comics had closed.
 Rocky Hartberg Productions is a comic book production company owned and operated by Rocky Hartberg. It is located in Langford South Dakota. Beginning in 1976 Rocky Hartberg Productions produced a number of underground comics including Cole Black Comix Lonesome Cowboy Comix White Knight Comix Cole Black and Cole Black Comics. Obviously many of their titles were devoted to hard-boiled detective Cole Black. In early-2007 publication of Cole Black Comics resumed by Boardman Books (USA).
 Kepa redirects here. For the Spanish football player see Kepa Blanco.Kehitysyhteistyön palvelukeskus (Service Centre for Development Cooperation) often referred as KEPA is a service base for nongovernmental organizations in Finland interested in development work and global issues. It's a politically and ideologically independent organization that operates with funding from the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland.
 Aditi Staffing is a technology staffing company based out of Bellevue Washington USA and Bangalore India. It was founded in 1994 by its current Chairman Pradeep Singh.
 KMC Chain Industrial Co. Ltd. is a roller chain manufacturer headquartered in Taiwan R.O.C. with corporate entities in the US Continental Chain Company and Europe KMC Chain Europe BV. They make cam driving chain balance driving chain oil pump chain motorcycle chain and industrial chain. They manufacture and market bicycle chains and master links under their own KMC brand and supply them to others including Shimano.
 Javotti Media is an independent record label founded by American rapper Talib Kweli in 2012. The label is home to artists Cory Mo Res and Kweli. The label was unofficial in 2011 with its first release Kweli's Gutter Rainbows released that year.
 Cronos Airlines is a regional airline based in Malabo Equatorial Guinea. Its main base is Malabo International Airport.
 Edison Records was one of the earliest record labels which pioneered recorded sound and was an important player in the early recording industry.
 Focus.com was a business focused social networking platform and source of technology expertise. By September 2010 it comprised over 850000 Members and 5000 Business Experts. Focus members could freely access expert research in diverse areas such as Information Technology Sales Marketing Operations Small Business and Human Resources.
 Companisto is an international equity-based crowdfunding website. It was founded by the lawyers David Rhotert and Tamo Zwinge in June 2012 in Berlin. Investments are between 5 and 25000 Euros with no limit on how much funding a startup can raise.
 American Express Company also known as AmEx is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in Three World Financial Center Manhattan New York City New York United States. Founded in 1850 it is one of the 30 components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. The company is best known for its credit card charge card and traveler's cheque businesses.
 Coast to Coast Tickets is an American online marketer of event tickets also known as a ticket broker operating in the secondary ticket market. The company is based in Chicago Illinois.Coast to Coast Tickets entered the Ticket News Top 20 Secondary Ticket Sellers list at #13 in March 2007 and holding the #4 position as of April 4 2009.
 Duple was best known as a British manufacturer of coach and bus bodywork from 1919 until 1989.
 Turner Suspension Bicycles Inc is an American bicycle frame manufacturer based in Murrieta California specializing in full suspension mountain bikes. Turner Bikes was founded in 1994 by David Turner a former professional mountain bike rider who had ridden for amongst others the Marin and Mongoose teams.
 Tractors and Farm Equipment Limited (TAFE) a US $1.6 billion tractor major incorporated in 1960 at Chennai India is the third largest tractor manufacturer in the world and the second largest in India by volumes with a 25% market share of the Indian tractor industry and a sale of approximately 150000 tractors (domestic and international) annually.TAFE's partnership with AGCO Corporation and the Massey Ferguson brand for 52 years is an outstanding example of TAFE's commitment to its values of building long-term relationships with its stakeholders through fair and ethical business practices.In the Indian market TAFE has earned the trust of its customers through its wide range of products that are known for high quality and low cost of operation backed by over 1000 strong distribution network that effectively supports its three tractor brands of Massey Ferguson TAFE and Eicher. 
 Turbomeca is a French manufacturer of low- and medium-power gas turbine turboshaft engines for helicopters. The company also produces gas turbine engines for aircraft and missiles as well as turbines for land industrial and marine applications. SNECMA Group acquired the company in September 2001.
 Fletcher Building Limited (NZX: FBU ASX: FBU) is the largest listed company in New Zealand with a market capitalisation of over NZ$4.8 billion. The company was split from Fletcher Challenge in 2001 formerly New Zealand's largest business and multinational.With 18600 employees globally and over 50 businesses operating under the Fletcher Building banner the company is Australasia's largest building materials supplier. Mark Adamson has been the chief executive since 1 October 2012.
 Haynes International Inc. is a manufacturer of metal alloys employing more than 1070 employees worldwide with sales of $434.4 million United States Dollars in 2007 with 8 plants around the world. The corporation is headquartered in Kokomo Indiana. The company specializes in corrosion resistant and high-temperature alloys for the aerospace chemical and gas turbine industries.
 VersaPay Corporation (TSXV:VPY) commonly known as VersaPay is a national Canadian payment processing and payment systems company with offices in Toronto Montreal and New York. The company provides electronic transaction processing services to various sizes of businesses (public private and government) in both Canada and the United States of America. VersaPay is currently listed on the TSX Venture Exchange under the symbol VPY.
 Qontext is a venture of Pramati Technologies and operates out of its offices in Mountain View California and Hyderabad India. The company is a global provider of on-demand enterprise social software for small to large multi-national companies and for ISVs seeking to add social features to their web-based applications. Qontext was launched in 2010 at the E2.0 Conference.Qontext was acquired by Autodesk Inc. in Oct 2012 to form part of its Cloud strategy. Read press release.
 Scream (formerly known as It's A Scream) is a student-oriented pub chain in the United Kingdom owned by the Stonegate Pub Company. There are 49 pubs in the chain which began in October 1995.
 Partners of the Americas was inspired by President of the United States John F. Kennedy who in 1963 launched the Alliance for Progress a program of government-to-government economic cooperation across the Western Hemisphere. It is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization headquartered in Washington D.C..
 The Centauri Production is a Czech software house which focuses mainly on video games. It is also active in the production of multimedia applications and presentations of the software for film and animation studios and of web pages and interfaces. Centauri Production is a member of IDEA Games. On September 30 2010 Centauri Production was acquired by fellow IDEA Games member Bohemia Interactive.
 Kazan Air Enterprise is an airline based in Kazan Tatarstan Russia. It operates air taxi services and aerial work. Its main base is Kazan International Airport.
 Tourist Resorts (Kerala) Ltd or (TRKL) is a Government of Kerala undertaking under Kerala Tourism Department established in August 1989 to promote tourism investment and to develop Tourism infrastructure in the Indian state of Kerala. TRKL was conceived to identify tourism infrastructure needs of the state and bridge any identified gaps.
 Upper Class Recordings is a Canadian independent record label founded in 2000 in Toronto. The electronic music-based Upper Class roster includes The Russian Futurists Cadence Weapon DVAS Christien Summers and The Cansecos .
 Fonit Cetra was one of the most famous Italian record labels active between 1958 and 1998.
 Colayer GmbH is a software product company headquartered in Zurich Switzerland founded in 2000 by Markus Hegi the current CEO. Colayer GmbH also has a subsidiary Colayer Web Conversations Private Limited located in Pune India. Colayer offers a context-driven platform to build social interactive Web 2.0 environments and Virtual workplaces for Knowledge intensive enterprises. The aim is to make professionals more efficient in business communication by being faster and better informed.
 TRON is an open real-time operating system kernel design and is an acronym for The Real-time Operating system Nucleus. The project was started by Prof. Dr. Ken Sakamura of the University of Tokyo in 1984.
 Portugália–Companhia Portuguesa de Transportes Aéreos S.A. doing business as Portugália is a regional airline with its head office in Building 70 on the grounds of Lisbon Portela Airport in Lisbon Portugal and a subsidiary of TAP Portugal.
 Johannes Wagner Inh. ia a type foundry created in 1921 by Johannes Wagner with his brother and brother-in-law in Berlin moving to Ingolstadt in 1956. In the early 1980s the firm acquired many of the matrices of the Weber Typefoundry and most of those from Berthold.
 Zenith Bank is a Nigerian bank with headquarters in Victoria Island Lagos. As of December 2010 it is the second largest company in the country. In addition to Nigeria the bank has branches in the Gambia Ghana Sierra Leone South Africa and the United Kingdom.
 Konectbus is a bus operator based in Dereham in Norfolk England. It is a subsidiary of the Go-Ahead Group.
 Yash Raj Films International Ltd.
 Lane Crawford is a retailing company with specialty stores selling designer label luxury goods in Hong Kong China and online.Founded in Hong Kong in 1850 Lane Crawford has nine points of sale with more than 585000 square feet of total retail space including three multi-brand luxury department stores in Hong Kong two in Beijing one in Shanghai one in Chengdu two Lane Crawford Home stores in Hong Kong specialising in designer furniture and lifestyle accessories and an online store.Lane Crawford is a part of The Lane Crawford Joyce Group a fashion retail and brand management group in Asia which also includes fashion boutique Joyce fashion footwear handbags and accessories specialist Pedder Group and retail brand management and distribution company ImagineX.
 The Faculté Libre de Médecines Naturelles et d'Ethnomédecine (FLMNE) is a professional training organization based in Paris (France) founded by Jean-Pierre Willem in 1987. It was transformed into a company in 1997. According to Hubert Willem every true medicine should work to lose because it is aimed to give health to patients.
 Island Masters is a midprice CD series that includes re-releases of records from the 1970s and 1980s by PolyGram. In 1989 Island Records was sold to PolyGram. The series was released in the UK and Europe. In the UK the discs were released with the prefix IMCD and catalogue numbers starting with 1. In some European countries the catalogue numbers were the same and in some they were not. This series was not released in the US.
 Bartolini Pickups and Electronics is an American company who make guitar and bass pickups and electronics such as pre-wired harnesses pre-amps and EQ modules. The company was founded in 1973 by Bill Bartolini and is based in San Luis Obispo California.The pickups and electronics are used by luthiers such as Michael Tobias Design Pedulla Overwater Roscoe Warrior Elrick Sukop Mayones Novax and Zon.
 The National Bank of Kuwait (NBK) was incorporated in 1952 as the first local bank and the first shareholding company in Kuwait and the Gulf region.
 The Vasile Pârvan Institute of Archaeology (Romanian: Institutul de Arheologie Vasile Pârvan ) is an institute of the Romanian Academy located in Bucharest Romania and specialized in prehistory ancient history classical archeology and medieval history. Since 1999 the director of the institute is the historian and archeologist Alexandru Vulpe a member of the Romanian Academy.
 FileHold Systems is a Vancouver-based manufacturer of document management system (DMS) software. The company serves midsize and large organizations including customers such as Panasonic MacDonald Dettwiler and Associates United States Department of Veterans Affairs RAF Benevolent Fund and Cemex. In 2014 the company had over 14000 active users worldwide.
 Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Ltd. (TBZ) is a noted Indian jeweller and jewellery retail chain based in India. Established in 1864 (149 years ago) by Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri in Zaveri Bazaar the jewellery district of Mumbai it was subsequently headed by his son Gopaldas Tribhovandas Zaveri and now Shrikant Zaveri is the present chairman and managing director of the group.
 Lunar Pages is a web hosting company founded in 1998. The company owns data centers in San Diego and Irvine California; Las Vegas Nevada; Denver Colorado; Chicago Illinois; and also in Ashburn Virginia. Lunar Pages' parent company is Add2Net Inc.
 Time Inc. is a subsidiary of the media conglomerate Time Warner the company formed by the 1990 merger of the original Time Inc. and Warner Communications. It publishes 130 magazines most notably its namesake Time. Other magazines include Sports Illustrated Travel + Leisure Food & Wine Fortune People InStyle Life GOLF Magazine Southern Living Essence This Old House All You and Entertainment Weekly.
 HOBAS is a manufacturer of centrifugally cast glassfiber reinforced pipe systems made of unsaturated polyester resin (GRP or FRP) with diameters ranging from 150 mm to 3600 mm as well as filament wound pipes tanks and facilities from 25 mm to over 4000 mm in diameter. The company was founded in Basel in 1957. In 1977 the Wietersdorfer Group acquired the license for the pipe production in Austria and became owner of HOBAS to 50% in 1987.
 AND Automotive Navigation Data (AND) is one of the few companies in the world supplying digital map data for GPS-based applications. After the take over of Navteq by Nokia and Tele Atlas by TomTom AND is the last independent supplier of digital maps. The company originally focused on regions that Navteq and Tele Atlas did not cover however it now covers Western European on countries such as Germany and the Netherlands.
 Book Depository is a UK-based online book seller with a large catalogue offered with free shipping to over 160 countries. The store was founded by a former Amazon employee and was later acquired by Amazon.
 McPhee Gribble was a Carlton-based Australian publisher. Founded in 1975 by Di Gribble and Hilary McPhee McPhee Gribble was the initial publisher of works by significant Australian writers including Tim Winton Helen Garner Rod Jones Brian Matthews Murray Bail Kaz Cooke Martin Flanagan John Misto and Jennifer Dabbs. It entered into a co-publishing agreement with Penguin Australia in 1983. In 1989 it was sold to and became an imprint of Penguin.
 Miniclip is a mobile and online games company which includes the website Miniclip.com which was launched in 2001 and is known for having a large and varied collection of games. It is the world's largest privately owned online gaming website. It was started in 2001 by Robert Small and Tihan Presbie on a budget of £40000 and quickly grew.
 Great Raft Brewing is a brewery in Shreveport LA. Opened in 2013 GRB was the first brewery to operate in the Shreveport-Bossier City area since the beginning of prohibition of alcohol in the United States.GRB maintains a tasting room which is open Thursdays and Fridays from 4pm-8pm.
 Kirkland & Ellis LLP is an international law firm with headquarters in Chicago. Known for its work in cases that go to trial law firm Kirkland & Ellis maintains a variety of practices aimed mainly at corporate clients. Besides litigation the firm's core practice areas include corporate transactions intellectual property restructuring and tax. Kirkland & Ellis is currently the world's most valuable law firm and ranks 2nd in value per partner.
 The Leona Group LLC is a Lansing Michigan-based operator of charter schools in Arizona Florida Michigan and Ohio. It started in Michigan in the early 1990s as a think tank called MPNE (Michigan Partnership for New Education) headed by founder Bill Coates and businessman Alfred Taubman among others.
 Villain Entertainment is a record label founded by gangsta rapper MC Ren in MC Ren's hometown of Compton California in 2004. The label's focus is gangsta rap genre of West Coast hip hop.
 Mittal Steel Company N.V. was one of the world's largest steel producers by volume and also one of the largest in turnover. The company is now part of ArcelorMittal.CEO Lakshmi Mittal's family owned 88% of the company. Mittal Steel was based in Rotterdam but managed from London by Mittal and his son Aditya. It was formed when Ispat International N.V. acquired LNM Holdings N.V. (both were already controlled by Lakshmi Mittal) and merged with International Steel Group Inc.
 The Mount Sinai Health System is a hospital network in New York City. The organization was formed as a merger between Continuum Health Partners and the Mount Sinai Medical Center in September 2013.
 Penn-ar-Bed is a French shipping company providing a ferry service between Finistère and the islands of Ushant Molène and Sein every day of the year under a public service contract to the Conseil général du Finistère. It is named after Penn-ar-Bed the Breton name for Finistère. Its livery is blue and white.
 Areva SA is a French public multinational industrial conglomerate headquartered in the Tour Areva in Courbevoie Paris. Areva is mainly known for nuclear power although it also pursues interests in other energy projects. It is the world's largest nuclear company.
 Criotech (pronounced criotech) -European high-technology private company which develops software for a wide range of platforms and technology.This is one of the few companies in the Information Technology that produces and sells the software and hardware.CRIOTECH provides companies of various industries a wide range of computer and computer technology and develops software for individual orders.
 York International is the last name of a company started in York Pennsylvania in 1874.The company began as York Manufacturing Company. YMC had 6 original investors Stephen Morgan Smith Jacob Loucks Henry H. LaMotte Oliver J. Bollinger George Buck and Robert Shetter. The company made a variety of products over the years including steam engines turbines washing machines farm machinery and refrigeration compressors. In the late 1920s York Machinery Co.
 Battelle for Kids (BFK) is a United States not-for-profit organization established through a partnership with the Ohio Business Roundtable and supported by an initial grant from Battelle Memorial Institute. The organization was created in 2001 to improve student achievement in Ohio. Battelle for Kids expanded their services in 2005 to offer a wide array of school-improvement services to educators nationwide and now align as a strategic partner as states Race to the Top.
 The Pink Pistols are a gay gun rights organization in the United States and Canada. Their mottos are Pick on someone your own caliber and Armed gays don't get bashed. Inspired by a Salon.com article written by Jonathan Rauch Krikket (aka Doug Krick) a libertarian activist from Illinois while living in Massachusetts founded the Pink Pistols in July 2000.
 Verint Systems (NASDAQ: VRNT) is a company providing analytic software and hardware for the security surveillance and business intelligence markets. Their products are aimed to support government and enterprises in making sense of the vast information they collect to meet performance and security goals. Verint solutions are used by more than 10000 organizations in 150 countries. Verint is headquartered in Melville New York with offices worldwide and some 2800 employees around the globe.
 Nautel Ltd. is a Canadian manufacturer of AM and FM radio broadcast transmitters navigational radio beacons Differential Global Positioning System (DGPS) transmitters medium frequency (MF) telegraph and NAVTEX transmitters and high frequency (HF) amplifiers for dielectric heating applications. Nautel is best known as the first company to develop a commercially available fully solid state broadcast transmitter.
 PTI Securities & Futures is a money management securities and discount brokerage firm with offices in Chicago Illinois and Peoria Arizona. Established in 1991 PTI Securities provides investors fund managers and pension funds in the United States with investment consulting services.
 Howard-Sloan Professional Search is a New York based executive search firm established in 1957. It is divided into Howard-Sloan Legal Search Howard-Sloan Financial Search and Howard-Sloan Professional Search. In January 2011 Crain's New York Business recognized Howard-Sloan Professional Search as one of the New York Area's top 15 largest executive recruiting firms. Founder and Chairman Emeritus Stephen H.
 Sosumi is an alert sound introduced in Apple Inc.'s Macintosh System 7 operating system in 1991 created by Jim Reekes. The name is derived from so sue me due to a long running court battle with Apple Corp the similarly named music company over the use of music in Apple Inc.'s computer products.
 Marion Merrell Dow and its predecessor Marion Laboratories was a U.S.
 Barclaycard part of Barclays Retail and Business Banking is a global payment business. The Barclaycard was the first credit card introduced in the UK coming into service in 1966. It enjoyed a monopoly until the introduction of the Access card in 1972.Barclaycard later became part of the Visa network but now offer both MasterCard and Visa versions. Barclaycard claims it is Europe's leading issuer of credit cards with 10.4 million customers in the UK and 10.8 million outside the UK.
 AFP Provida or Administradora de Fondos de Pensiones Provida (English: Pension Fund Administrator Provida) is the pension fund manager leader in the Chilean Pension Fund.[citation needed]It was founded in 1981 under the eaves of Decree Law 3.500 in Chile launched a modern private pension system with the growing 59 branches nationwide replicated in 10 years in Latin America countries (such as Mexico Ecuador and Dominican Republic) and also in Eastern Europe.Since 1999 AFP Provida belongs to Spanish financial group BBVA with a whole sale of $1.54 billion.
 Bar XH Air is an airline based in Medicine Hat Alberta Canada. It operates North American charter services and air ambulance services mainly in Alberta southern Saskatchewan and eastern British Columbia. Its main base is Medicine Hat Airport with a hub at Calgary International Airport. Scheduled services were operated under the name Alberta Citylink however these services are no longer operated.
 Hovertravel is a ferry company operating from Southsea Portsmouth to Ryde Isle of Wight UK. It is the only passenger hovercraft company currently operating in Britain since Hoverspeed stopped using its craft in favour of catamarans.
 Subaru Industrial Power Products is the brand name for products manufactured by the Industrial Products division of Fuji Heavy Industries (FHI) which were previously sold under the Robin Subaru-Robin and Wisconsin Robin brand. The line is now sold under the Subaru brand used by FHI's automobiles for greater brand recognition.They manufacture commercial-grade engines portable generators and de-watering construction pumps.
 Anjali Pictures (Telugu: అంజలీ పిక్చర్స్) is an Indian film production house owned by famous music director P. Adinarayana Rao and versatile film actress Anjali Devi.
 Monument Records was an American record label in Washington D.C. named for the Washington Monument founded in 1958 by Fred Foster and Buddy Deane (a prominent Baltimore disc jockey at WTTG). Buddy Deane soon left the company and in the early 60's bought KOTN in Pine Bluff Arkansas where he retired to until his death. Foster relocated to the Nashville suburb of Hendersonville Tennessee.
 Wissol Petroleum is a daughter brand of one of the biggest commercial groups in Georgia - Wissol Group.Georgian oil company operating the widest network of service stations in the country runs over 100 petroleum stations nowadays providing services and products in every district of Tbilisi and elsewhere in the country.
 'Phuoc Sang' is a private film studio in Vietnam. It was founded in 2004 by actor Luu Phuoc Sang.
 The Nordic Games was the first international multi-sport event that focused primarily on winter sports and was held at varying intervals between 1901 and 1926. It was organized by Sweden’s Central Association for the Promotion of Sports and more specifically by Viktor Balck a member of that association and one of the five original members of the International Olympic Committee.
 Handspring was a maker of Palm OS-based Visor- and Treo-branded personal digital assistants. It was run by Jeff Hawkins Donna Dubinsky and Ed Colligan the original inventors of the Palm Pilot and founders of Palm Computing after they became unhappy with the direction in which 3Com was taking the Palm division. Handspring was founded in June 1998 and merged with Palm Inc.'s hardware division in 2003 to form palmOne. The Treo 600 was the last product to use the Handspring name.
 Pacific Airways Corporation operating as Pacificair is a charter airline based in Manila in the Philippines. It operates scheduled passenger flights as well as air taxi services and agricultural work. Its main base is Ninoy Aquino International Airport Manila.
 Eye Q was a record label founded in 1990 by Sven Väth Matthias Hoffmann and Heinz Roth. It was based in Offenbach Germany specialized in trance music and greatly influenced the Sound of Frankfurt. Eye Q ceased operations in 1997 due to financial problems.Harthouse and Recycle or Die were sublabels founded in 1992
 AVL or Anstalt für Verbrennungskraftmaschinen List is an Austrian-based automotive consulting firm as well as an independent research institute. It is the largest privately owned company for the development of powertrain systems with internal combustion engines (ICEs) as well as instrumentation and test systems and also produces electric powertrains.
 Sasken Communication Technologies Limited (formerly Silicon Automation Systems Inc. (SAS)) is a publicly traded (Stock) company based in Bangalore India and offers research and development consultancy wireless software products software services and network engineering services to semiconductor manufacturers wireless handset developers network equipment and test and measurement companies and service providers globally.
 The Salt River Project (SRP) is the umbrella name for two separate entities: the Salt River Project Agricultural Improvement and Power District an agency of the state of Arizona that serves as an electrical utility for the Phoenix metropolitan area and the Salt River Valley Water Users' Association a utility cooperative that serves as the primary water provider for much of central Arizona.
 The Sultan Center (TSC) (Arabic: مركز سلطان) is an organization based in Kuwait incorporating a diverse range of products and services. Mainly acknowledged for its retail business it is the largest retailer in Kuwait. Operating eleven outlets at home TSC opened its first retail store abroad in Muscat in 1999. Four years later Safeway Jordan was acquired in 2003.
 Key is a Japanese visual novel studio which formed on July 21 1998 as a brand under the publisher Visual Art's and is located in Kita Osaka Japan. Key released their debut visual novel Kanon in June 1999 which combined an elaborate storyline an up-to-date anime-style drawing style and a musical score which helped to set the mood for the game. Key's second game Air released in September 2000 had a similar if not more complex storyline to Kanon and a more thorough gameplay.
 Kinetico Incorporated manufactures and sells residential and commercial water treatment systems.Kinetico is headquartered in Newbury Ohio with additional offices and facilities in the United States United Kingdom Canada France Germany and Denmark. It offers products through a network of independent dealers and international distributors representing nearly 100 countries.
 Guinness Mahon was an Irish merchant bank originally based in Dublin but more recently with major operations in London.
 Denis Loubet is an artist best known for his work on several computer and video games and pen & paper Role-playing games including the MMORPG Ashen Empires.
 COKeM International Ltd. is a full-service distribution company located in Shakopee Minnesota. It is one of the largest value video game distribution companies in the United States but has also integrated services into other markets including healthcare sporting goods and outdoor equipment.
 Mercantile Stores Company Inc. until 1998 was a traditional department store retailer operating 102 fashion apparel stores and 16 home fashion stores in 17 states. The stores were operated under 13 different nameplates and varied in size with the average store approximating 170000 sq ft (16000 m2). Store names included Bacon's Castner Knott deLendrecie's Gayfers Glass Block Hennessy's J. B.
 I-Fly is a charter airline based in Moscow Russia operating out of Vnukovo International Airport. The airline received its AOC on 2 November 2009 with the first revenue flight having taken place in early December of the same year. All I-Fly flights are traded by Russian tour operator TEZ Tour which had previously worked with Atlant-Soyuz Airlines and airBaltic.
 Southern Winds Airlines (or SW Airlines) was an Argentine commercial air carrier that operated from 1996 until 2005. Southern Winds was founded by Juan Maggio who served as president of the company. In 2002 Mr. Maggio was recognized by the Asociación Latinoamericana de Aeronáutica for his contributions to Latin American aviation.Initially a domestic carrier Southern Winds began offering connections to international flights in 1997.
 Yacht Club Games is a video game developer founded in 2011 by former WayForward Technologies director Sean Velasco. The company announced their first title Shovel Knight on March 14 2013.
 Alexa Internet Inc. is a California-based subsidiary company of Amazon.com which provides commercial web traffic data. Founded as an independent company in 1996 Alexa was acquired by Amazon in 1999. Its toolbar collects data on browsing behavior and transmits it to the Alexa website where it is stored and analyzed forming the basis for the company's web traffic reporting.
 Eramet is a French multinational mining and metallurgy company listed on the Euronext Paris exchange under the symbol ERA.The company was founded with the funding of the Rothschild family (although they were careful to avoid being listed as founders of the company) in 1880.
 Stagecoach in Preston was a network of bus routes running within the city of Preston Lancashire and into the surrounding area. It was founded in 2009 after Stagecoach Group acquired Preston Bus that was founded in 1904. The company operated from the main depot on Deepdale Road and their other depot on Selbourne Street.
 Danske Bank formerly known as the National Irish Bank is a bank operating in the Republic of Ireland. The bank is a subsidiary of the Danske Bank Group which is headquartered in Copenhagen.Danske Bank is organised in three business units – Personal Banking Business Banking and Corporates & Institutions – that span all of the Group's geographical markets. Since November 2012 all of the Group's banking activities have been gathered under the Danske Bank brand name.
 Isetan (伊勢丹 Isetan) (TYO: 8238 unlisted on March 26 2008 SGX: I15) is a Japanese department store. Based in Shinjuku Tokyo Isetan has branches throughout Japan and East Asia including Phnom Penh Bangkok Jinan Kaohsiung Kuala Lumpur Selangor Shanghai Singapore and Tianjin and formerly in Hong Kong London and Vienna.On April 1 2008 Isetan and Mitsukoshi were merged under a joint holding company called Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings Ltd. (TYO: 3099).
 World Film Magic was founded on December 12 1998 by Jose R Gonzalez. Is one of the first Mexican American companies to bring Spanish language movies to the American public. Jose R Gonzalez CEO wanted to be a part of Hollywood. Movies excited him. He dreamed of creating a film production company.
 ATR (Aerei da Trasporto Regionale or Avions de transport régional) is a French-Italian aircraft manufacturer headquartered on the grounds of Toulouse Blagnac International Airport in Blagnac France. It was formed in 1981 by Aérospatiale of France (now Airbus Group) and Aeritalia (now Alenia Aermacchi) of Italy. Its primary products are the ATR 42 and ATR 72 aircraft.
 Infobip is an international IT company specialised in cloud-based mobile services for businesses with its portfolio including professional SMS messaging solutions push notifications and mobile payments solutions. As a B2B company it serves both mobile network operators and enterprises notably banks social networks and corporations.
 Brigham's Ice Cream is an ice cream manufacturer and franchised restaurants. Brigham's is sold in quart cartons throughout New England and served at franchised restaurants located in Massachusetts. It was founded in Newton Highlands Massachusetts. Since the purchase by HP Hood its offices are located at 6 Kimball Lane Lynnfield MA 01940.
 Nordion Inc. is a health science company that provides products used for the prevention diagnosis and treatment of disease. The company supplies sterilization technologies and medical isotopes to customers in more than 40 countries around the world.Nordion is headquartered in Ottawa Ontario Canada with facilities in Vancouver British Columbia and Laval Quebec. Steve West is the company's CEO.
 AdPack USA is a New York-based tissue-pack marketing company. Founded in 2004 AdPack USA is the North American subsidiary of Japan's Itochu Corporation a division of Itochu International a Fortune 500 company.
 Gomelavia (Belarusian: Авіякампанія Гомельавія Russian: Авиакомпания Гомельавиа) was an airline based in Homyel Belarus. It was established in 1996 and operated domestic and regional scheduled and chartered services as well as aerial work using fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters. Its main base was Homyel Airport. The state-owned company ceased operations on 22 February 2011.
 Shelflife Records is a Portland and San Francisco based independent record label run by Ed Mazzucco and Matthew Bice and has produced such bands as Days Acid House Kings and The Radio Dept.
 Dhaka Bank Limited is a private-owned commercial bank in Bangladesh. Its headquarters are situated in the country's capital Dhaka. Currently the bank has 62 branches and 3 SME Service Centers around the country and it is growing continuously towards the service excellence through its products and services.
 Red Orb Entertainment was a publishing division created by the Brøderbund software company to market its video game titles distinguishing them from its library of edutainment titles which it marketed to schools.
 Optech Incorporated is a Canadian-owned for-profit company operating since 1974 and focusing on Laser-based survey systems.Optech Inc is known for its association with Phoenix a spacecraft launched for Mars in 2007.
 Nitwit Records was established in Saint Paul Minnesota in the early 1990s to give local musicians an outlet for their creative work. Nitwit Records is currently centered around Vancouver Washington and Portland Oregon.
 Harley-Davidson Inc (NYSE: HOG formerly HDI) often abbreviated H-D or Harley is an American motorcycle manufacturer. Founded in Milwaukee Wisconsin during the first decade of the 20th century it was one of two major American motorcycle manufacturers (Indian being the other) to survive the Great Depression.
 KORE Wireless Group headquartered in Alpharetta Georgia is via KORE Telematics the world’s largest fully digital wireless network data provider enabling unified mobile data services via cellular and satellite for the machine-to-machine (M2M) telematics and telemetry markets in more than 170 countries worldwide.
 Jetset Records was a New York-based indie rock record label. Founded by Shelley Maple in 1996 the labels first release was a reissue of the German garage rock band The Golden Lemons. The label has released a variety of independent bands including Firewater Sun Kil Moon and Mogwai.
 Servcorp Limited (ASX: SRV) is a multinational organisation that sells serviced office space virtual office products and IT services. It was established in 1978 and listed on the Australian Stock Exchange in 1999.
 Royal VolkerWessels Stevin N.V. is a major European construction-services business with Dutch-based headquarters. It is privately owned by the Wessels Family (42.5%) CVC Capital Partners (42.5%) and management (15%).
 DreamCatcher Interactive Inc. (a.k.a. DreamCatcher Games) was a Toronto Ontario Canada-based publisher of video games founded in 1996 by Richard Wah Kan. In 2006 the company became a subsidiary of JoWooD Entertainment. In 2011 the company went into administration along with its parent JoWooD and all assets were purchased by Nordic Games Holding.
 IBC Vehicles Limited is a British automotive manufacturing company based in Luton Bedfordshire and a subsidiary of Adam Opel AG itself a wholly owned subsidiary of General Motors (GM). Its principal operation is an assembly plant located in Luton GM Manufacturing Luton which currently produces light commercial vehicles sold under the Renault Nissan Opel/Vauxhall marques.
 Borqs Beijing Ltd.(Chinese: 播思; pinyin: Bōsī) is an Android software firm headquartered in Beijing. Borqs was founded in September 2007 and has offices in China India and the US. In 2011 Borqs was one of six mobile technology companies to receive a piece of $26 million in funding from Intel. Borqs offers Android customization and cloud software for operators and Android commercialization services.
 El Shaddai Records is an independent record label founded in late 2006 and based in Melbourne Australia. Shortly after the label began they announced that they had signed post-hardcore band House Vs. Hurricane and rock/hardcore band Forgiven Rival publishing numerous releases for both groups. In late 2009 El Shaddai Records continued on to sign deals with Antiskeptic and US groups A Plea for Purging and This Runs Through for the Australian releases of the bands′ recordings.
 Connect2Media is a global developer and publisher of video games for mobile platforms headquartered in Manchester United Kingdom. The company founded in 1997 specialises in the development publishing and distribution of games for mobile handsets. Publishing platforms include Java Android BREW portable games consoles BlackBerry Windows Mobile iPhone PC interactive TV and other emerging digital platforms. Connect2Media has offices in Europe the Middle East and the USA.
 Toledo Area Regional Transit Authority (TARTA) is a public transit agency that has been transporting people in the Toledo area of Ohio since 1971. TARTA has more than 30 bus routes in and around the Toledo metropolitan area serving nine communities and carries approximately 3.5 million passengers each year. Every TARTA bus uses biodiesel fuel and is equipped with bicycle racks. All are wheelchair accessible.
 Millennial Choirs and Orchestras (formerly Mormon Choral Organizations of America) is a musical performing organization comprising four groups: Orange County Millennial Choirs and Orchestras (OCMCO) East Valley Millennial Choirs and Orchestras (EVMCO) Dallas Millennial Choirs and Orchestras (DMCO) and Utah Valley Millennial Choirs and Orchestras (UVMCO). Each locale contains six choral ensembles and a symphony orchestra.
 Federal Pretzel Baking Company of South Philadelphia was the first large scale manufacturing soft pretzel factory in Philadelphia and the United States of America.[citation needed]
 LaSalle Bank Corporation was the holding company for LaSalle Bank N.A. and LaSalle Bank Midwest N.A. (formerly Standard Federal Bank). With US$116 billion in assets it was headquartered at 135 South LaSalle Street in Chicago Illinois. LaSalle Bank Corporation was formerly an indirect subsidiary of Netherlands-based ABN AMRO Bank N.V. one of the world's largest banks with total assets of EUR 986 billion more than 3000 locations in over 60 countries and a staff of more than 105000.
 The Gents Place is a barbershop spa and men’s grooming club which was first launched in Frisco Texas in 2008. It is a man-only salon that provides haircuts coloring massages shaves and facials. It has been featured in Forbes Haute Living Men's Health Magazine as well as other local regional and national media. It was named #1 on the Dallas A-List in 2009 by WFAA.
 FiveSprockets was a web-based software company based in San Diego California United States focused on developing resources social networking and web-based collaborative software for scriptwriting filmmaking and digital-video production. The name FiveSprockets came from the five phases or sprockets of media production: (1) Story Development & Scriptwriting; (2) Pre-production; (3) Production; (4) Post-production; and (5) Marketing & Distribution.
 Kronenbourg Brewery (Brasseries Kronenbourg) is a brewery founded in 1664 by Geronimus Hatt in Strasbourg (at the time a Free Imperial City of the Holy Roman Empire; now France) as the Hatt Brewery. The name comes from the area (Cronenbourg) where the brewery relocated in 1850. The company is owned by the Carlsberg Group. The main brand is Kronenbourg 1664 a 5.5% abv pale lager.
 British Sugar plc is a subsidiary of Associated British Foods and the sole British producer of sugar from sugar beet. British Sugar processes all sugar beet grown in the UK and produces about half of the UK's quota of sugar with the remainder covered by Tate & Lyle and imports. British Sugar and the growers fix a contract called the Inter Professional Agreement determining price paid for beet grown and the allocation of growers' quotas.
 MedImmune LLC headquartered in Gaithersburg Maryland became a wholly owned subsidiary of AstraZeneca in 2007. Since being acquired MedImmune has remained a Maryland-based biotechnology development enterprise. It produces Synagis a drug for the prevention of respiratory infections in infants which accounted for US$ 1.06 billion of its US$ 1.2 billion in revenue for 2005 and FluMist a nasal spray influenza vaccine introduced in 2004.
 Snak King (established 1978) is a privately owned snack food manufacturer based in the City of Industry California. Snak King manufactures potato chips tortilla chips nuts popcorn and other snacks under private label as well its own proprietary brand names. The company is one of the largest manufacturers of snack foods in the United States employing about 950 people and operating more than 600000 square feet of manufacturing and warehouse space.In December 2011 Snak King acquired C.J.
 The Heavy Alloy Penetrator Project or HAPP is an Indian defence establishment operated by the Ordnance Factories Board. Headquartered at Kolkata under the overall charge of Ministry of Defence Government of India the factory is located about 25 kilometres from the main city of Tiruchirappalli.
 Small Wonder Records was a UK independent record label owned and managed by Pete Stennett that specialised in releasing records by punk rock and post-punk bands. It operated out of a record shop of the same name at 162 Hoe Street Walthamstow E17 east London.
 The Elgin National Watch Company most commonly known as just the Elgin Watch company was a major US watch maker from 1864 until its closure in 1968. The company sold watches under the names Elgin Lord Elgin and Lady Elgin.For nearly 100 years the company's manufacturing complex in Elgin was the largest site dedicated to watchmaking in the world.
 Musicor Records was a New York City-based record label active during the 1960s and 1970s. The label was founded by songwriter Aaron Schroeder and distributed by United Artists Records. In 1965 UA employee and A&R man Art Talmadge (a co-founder of Mercury Records years earlier) started his own Talmadge Productions company and along with fellow UA employee/A&R man Harold Pappy Daily bought the Musicor label from UA.The Musicor catalog is today owned by Gusto Records.
 Jøtul AS is a Norwegian limited company that manufactures cast iron stoves and fireplaces. The head office is situated in Fredrikstad.Jøtul AS is also the parent company in the Jøtul Group with subsidiaries in the USA United Kingdom Denmark France Italy Spain and Poland.
 Turner Entertainment Company Inc. (commonly known as Turner Entertainment Co.) is a media company founded by Ted Turner. Purchased by Time Warner along with Turner Broadcasting System the company is largely responsible for overseeing its library for worldwide distribution (in recent years this role has largely been limited to being the copyright holder while sibling company Warner Bros. handles all sales and distribution).
 World's Finest Chocolate is a chocolate company based in Chicago Illinois. It's been stated that the company has sold over 5 billion chocolate bars. They manufacture chocolate from bean to bar and source cocoa beans from their own cocoa farm in St. Lucia.
 Aztar Corporation was a hospitality company that focused on resort hotels and casinos. In 2005 the company had revenues of more than $915 million and earnings before interest and taxes of $212 million. During 2006 the company became the subject of a bidding war for ownership with Columbia Sussex winning.
 Dove Air Services is a charter airline based in Khartoum Sudan.
 The Slavutich Brewery (Ukrainian: Славутич) is a brewery in Ukraine part of the Carlsberg Group. The company produces a number of brand name beers and non-alcoholic products for domestic as well as foreign markets.
 MDPI is an acronym shared by two related scholarly organizations based in Basel (Switzerland): Molecular Diversity Preservation International an organization to preserve chemical samples for research and MDPI AG (Multidisciplinary Digital Publishing Institute) a publisher of open-access peer-reviewed journals.
 The Frankfurter Zeitung was a German language newspaper that appeared from 1856 to 1943. It emerged from a market letter that was published in Frankfurt. In Nazi Germany it was considered the only mass publication not completely controlled by the Propagandaministerium under Joseph Goebbels.
 Bruno's Supermarkets LLC was an American chain of grocery stores with its headquarters in Birmingham Alabama.It founded in 1932 by Joe Bruno in Birmingham. During the company's pinnacle it operated over 300 stores under the names Bruno’s Food World Foodmax Food Fair Fresh Value Vincent's Markets Piggly Wiggly Consumer Foods and American Fare in Alabama Florida Georgia Mississippi Tennessee and South Carolina.
 Elan is a Slovenian company located in Begunje na Gorenjskem specializing in the production of sporting goods. It is best known for its skis and snowboards. Other products include sailboats from 30 to 50 ft length motor yachts apparel (mostly sportswear) and equipment for sports facilities. The brand became better known in the 1970s when Swedish skiing ace Ingemar Stenmark won three consecutive Alpine skiing World Cups on Elan skis.
 PZ Cussons Ghana (GSE: PZC) is a major manufacturer of personal healthcare products and consumer goods. It operates in Ghana and is a subsidiary of PZ Cussons. They are listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange the GSE All-Share Index. It formed on May 24 1958.
 Pantaloons Fashion & Retail Limited is an Indian premium clothing retail chain. The first Pantaloons store was launched in Gariahat Kolkata in 1997. As of November 2013 there are 76 Pantaloons stores in 44 cities. Pantaloons was previously controlled by the Future Group but has now been taken over by Aditya Birla Nuvo Limited (ABNL).
 BigPond is an Australian Internet service provider and is a product of Telstra. BigPond is Australia's largest ISP and based in Melbourne. The BigPond brand is in the process of being discontinued.
 Ivanhoe Mines Ltd. (formerly Ivanplats Limited) is a Canadian mineral exploration and development company headquartered in Vancouver British Columbia. It is the successor to the original Ivanhoe Mines now known as Turquoise Hill Resources.
 Rodale Inc. is an American publisher of health and wellness magazines books and digital properties. Rodale is headquartered in Emmaus Pennsylvania and also maintains a satellite office in New York City on Third Avenue. Rodale Inc. publishes some of the most well-known health and wellness lifestyle magazines including Men's Health and Prevention. It is also one of the largest independent book publishers in the United States.
 Zetima (ゼティマ) is a Japanese record label owned by Up-Front Works a Japanese entertainment management company. The label is handled by Epic Records a division of Sony Music Entertainment Japan. Outside Japan the label is most famous for releasing music by several participants in Hello! Project the most famous of these being Morning Musume. Former Zetima acts include Michiyo Heike Minimoni and Naomi Tamura.
 Acteon is a specialist subsea services company. Acteon Group Ltd is registered in England with its headquarters in Norwich.The Acteon Group is one of the largest firms in East Anglia comprising 17 companies that provide integrated subsea services mainly to the oil gas and renewables industries with particular focus on foundations and moorings; risers conductors and flowlines; Marine electronics instrumentation and surveys; and activity management and manpower provision.
 Romstal is the biggest sanitaryware distributor in Romania and one of the largest in Europe with 200 stores in Romania Moldova Ukraine Italy Bulgaria Russia and Serbia.The company is structured as a holding with many smaller companies including Romstal Leasing which in 2007 was sold to KBC Lease for US$ 98 million.Romstal started in 2006 to build a fitting factory in Ukraine worth US$ 14 million and in November 2007 Romstal bought a company from Serbia called Doming also specialised in sanitation equipment distributor for US$ 14 million.
 One Big Spark is an American record label owned and operated by Virb Inc. (formerly Unborn Media Inc. also known as PureVolume.com) as part of the EastWest family of labels
 FlySur was an airline based in Córdoba Spain. This start-up airline was previously known as TAER Andalus. The airline launched operations on September 4 2008. All flights were suspended after 20 October 2008.
 The National Forensic League (now also known as the National Speech and Debate Association) is a non-partisan non-profit educational honor society established to encourage and motivate American high school students to participate in and become proficient in public speaking. The League is the America's oldest and largest high school speech and debate honor society.
 MATRIX Resources is a privately held North American IT recruitment staffing professional services company headquartered in Atlanta Georgia. Serving start ups to Fortune 50 clients as well as job seeking IT professionals MATRIX has more than 200 professional employees and 1400 TeamMATRIX contract consultants.
 The University of Pittsburgh Press is a scholarly publishing house and a major American university press part of the University of Pittsburgh.
 Zastava special vehicles Sombor (Serbian: Zastava specijalna vozila Sombor / Застава специјална возила Сомбор) is a special automobile factory in Sombor Serbia a subsidiary of Zastava from Kragujevac.
 Mahindra Gujarat Tractor Limited acquired by Mahindra & Mahindra from the Government of Gujarat in 1999 is the oldest running tractor unit in India.The Mahindra Group has a 60% stake the remaining 40% being held by the Government of Gujarat.Originally founded in 1964 in cooperation with Motokov-Praha (Zetor) of Czechoslovakia. The company is based in the state of Gujarat.Away back in 1912 Bombay-based Mr. Pashabhai Patel used to import tractors through M/s Pashabhai Patel & Co.
 Energizer Holdings is an American manufacturer of batteries and personal care products headquartered in Town and Country Missouri. Its most well known brands are Energizer and Eveready batteries Schick Wilkinson Sword Personna and Edge shaving products Playtex feminine hygiene and baby products and Hawaiian Tropic and Banana Boat sunscreen products. The company sells in over 165 countries.
 Sonic Enemy is an independent record label owned by Peter Hughes best known for releasing Beck's first full length album on cassette Golden Feelings (1993). In 1999 they re-released Golden Feelings pressing a total of 2000 copies before Beck had them cease production of the CD. The CD is now a sought after collector's item for Beck fans.
 A Bathing Ape (or BAPE) is a Japanese clothing brand founded by Nigo in 1993. The brand specializes in men's women's and kids' lifestyle and street wear running 19 stores in Japan including Bape Stores Bape Pirate Stores Bape Kids Stores Bapexclusive Aoyama and Bapexclusive Kyoto. The Kyoto store also includes Bape Gallery a space used for various events and art shows sponsored by Bape.
 The Raiffeisen Landesbank Südtirol – Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is an Italian cooperative bank headquartered in Bolzano. Established in 1889 in Val Badia after the end of World War II the bank has englobed some minor local cooperative banks expanding its operations throughout South Tyrol in the Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol region.
 Santa Fe Trails is the local transit agency in Santa Fe New Mexico. Santa Fe Trails operates ten bus routes which serve most areas of the city. Nearly all of the routes originate at either the Downtown Transit Center one block west of the Plaza or the Santa Fe Place Transit Center.The fleet consists of 2001 model Blue Bird CSRE buses (being replaced) 2008 and 2009 model ElDorado EZ Rider II MAX buses and 2009 model ElDorado Passport buses.
 Oglio Records is an American record company started in 1993 by Carl Caprioglio. They are well known for issuing compilations of rare 1980's modern rock and New Wave songs many of which were previously unreleased on CD. In addition to releasing new material by artists such as BigBang Nerf Herder and Wesley Willis the label has also re-released albums by artists such as Brian Wilson and Barnes & Barnes.
 For the publisher of psychedelia see Ronin PublishingGreen Ronin Publishing is an American company based in Seattle Washington. Founded in 2000 by Chris Pramas they have published several role-playing game–related products. They have won several awards for their games including multiple Origins ENnie Pen & Paper and Inquest Fan Awards.
 Hahne & Company (pronounced Hayne) commonly known as Hahne's was an upscale department store chain based in Newark New Jersey. The chain had stores located throughout the central and northern areas of New Jersey.
 Pancho's Mexican Buffet is a chain of Tex-Mex restaurants (18 as of 2014) in the United States. The bulk of the restaurants are in Texas; a few restaurants are or were previously located in Arizona New Mexico Oklahoma Louisiana and Mississippi. Pancho's main offering is an all you care to eat buffet though unlike many other such buffets additional food is brought by waitstaff rather than self-served except for in the chain's Super Buffet locations.
 Ovelin is an educational video game developer based in Helsinki Finland. They have released two guitar learning games and a guitar tuner app.
 Excon Worldwide Inc. is a Canadian energy commodities equities and services company based in Toronto with other offices worldwide. Their main location is in Toronto Ontario Canada. The group comprises many specialized international offices and subsidiaries. Excon Worldwide Inc. currently has more than seven thousand employees around North America and participates in markets around the world including Canada the United States the UK Australia New Zealand Asia and the Middle East.
 Ashurst LLP is a global law firm headquartered in London United Kingdom and a member of the 'Silver Circle' of leading UK law firms. Ashurst is the UK's 7th largest law firm by revenue. It has 24 offices in 14 countries across Asia Australia Europe the Middle East and North America and employs around 1700 legal advisers.Its principal business focus is mergers and acquisitions corporate and structured finance.
 Victory Games (formerly BioWare Victory) was a video game developer founded in 2010. After EA Los Angeles started up their new internal group Danger Close and switched its focus to the Medal of Honor series EA launched a new studio named Victory Games to continue the Command & Conquer franchise. Its general manager is Jon Van Caneghem from Trion Worlds.
 Star Air is a cargo airline organized as a limited company with registered headquarters in Dragør by Copenhagen Airport Denmark.
 B. Kuppenheimer & Co. or simply Kuppenheimer was a men's clothing manufacturing and retail operation based in Chicago Illinois and later Atlanta Georgia.
 LORD Corporation is a privately held company that designs manufactures and markets devices and systems to manage mechanical motion and control noise and vibration. The company formulates produces and sells general purpose and specialty adhesives and coatings; and develops products and systems using magnetically responsive technologies. LORD Corporation has world headquarters in Cary North Carolina and the company was founded in Erie Pennsylvania in the 1920s.
 Perseverance Records is a record label which releases film scores on CD and online. Releases are usually accompanied by extensive well-researched booklets. On occasion some unusual extras such as audio interviews with composers are also included.
 Nissan Motor Co. Ltd. (Japanese: 日産自動車株式会社 Hepburn: Nissan Jidōsha Kabushiki-gaisha) usually shortened to Nissan (/ˈniːsɑːn/ or UK /ˈnɪsæn/; Japanese: [nisːaɴ]) is a Japanese multinational automotive manufacturer headquartered in Nishi-ku Yokohama Japan.The company is in a close alliance with Renault. Carlos Ghosn serves at CEO of both; technology and production sites are being shared.
 Counterpoint LLC is a publishing company distributed by Perseus Books Group launched in 2007. It was formed from the consolidation of three presses: Perseus' Counterpoint Press Avalon Publishing Group's Shoemaker & Hoard and the independent Soft Skull Press. The company publishes books under the Counterpoint Press and Soft Skull Press imprints. Counterpoint also entered into an agreement for the production marketing and distribution of approximately eight Sierra Club book titles each year.
 Robot Galaxy is a mall-based retail and entertainment company that allows children to build their own personalized robots. The Robot Galaxy brand includes retail stores an online virtual world and a comic book series.
 The Vernandi was a short-lived French automobile.The car made its first appearance at a hillclimbing event at Gaillon in the late summer of 1928. A few weeks later Vernandi took a stand at the 22nd Paris Motor Show and exhibited their V8 engined 1494cc racing car: the engine had overhead valves and according to some sources was fitted with one or possibly two superchargers.
 Stern Stewart & Co. is a consulting company founded in New York in 1982 by Joel M. Stern and G. Bennett Stewart III.Stern Stewart & Co. is specialized in value-based management and offers its services primarily in the areas of portfolio strategy portfolio valuation and corporate management. The company has 15 offices on six continents in Germany it is based in Munich.The Stern Stewart Institute leads several social projects in Africa e.g. in Burkina Faso.
 Born To Sell is a privately funded software solutions company headquartered in Long Beach California. It provides software tools for investors who use the “covered call” investment strategy also known as a “buy-write” strategy. Mike Scanlin who specializes in IT & Finance founded the company in 2009.
 GroupMe is a mobile group messaging app owned by Microsoft. It was launched in May 2010 by the private company GroupMe. In August 2011 GroupMe delivered over 100 million messages each month. By June 2012 that number had jumped to 550 million.
 Automatix Inc. founded in January 1980 was the first company to market industrial robots with built-in machine vision. Its founders were Victor Scheinman inventor of the Stanford arm; Phillippe Villers Michael Cronin and Arnold Reinhold of Computervision; Jake Dias and Dan Nigro of Data General; Gordon VanderBrug of NBS Donald L. Pieper of General Electric and Norman Wittels of Clark University.
 Grenadier Models Inc. of Springfield Pennsylvania produced lead miniature figures for wargames and role-playing games with fantasy science fiction and heroic themes between 1975 and 1996. Grenadier Models Inc.
 Hygena is a brand of fitted kitchen originally from the United Kingdom. Started in Liverpool in 1925 to make Hoosier cabinets it was bought by new investors in 1938 who after the war built modular kitchens for the new British post-war temporary prefab houses. With the introduction of design concepts based on the Frankfurt kitchen and new materials such as formica Hygena became the dominant brand in kitchens from the 1960s through the 1970s.
 Xenophile Records is a Nashville Tennessee based sublabel of Green Linnet Records that specializes in world music from Madagascar Nigeria Haiti and other countries. The label was started in 1992 in Danbury Connecticut by Wendy Newton as a subsidiary of Green Linnet. In 2006 Newton sold Green Linnet and Xenophile to Digital Music Group an aggregator of downloadable music.
 Nega Network (Hangul: 내가네트워크) is an independent South Korean record label talent agency producer and publisher of pop music founded by Yoon Il Sang Lance Choi and Cho Young Chul. It is based in Gangnam District Seoul.
 Harmony Airways was an airline headquartered in Richmond British Columbia Canada a suburb of Vancouver. It operated holiday flights from Canada to Mexico Hawaii Las Vegas Nevada and Manchester. Its main base was Vancouver International Airport.
 Pegasus Airlines (Turkish: Pegasus Hava Taşımacılığı A.Ş.) is a low-cost airline headquartered in the Kurtköy area of Pendik Istanbul Turkey. Formerly a charter airline in partnership with Aer Lingus Pegasus is now completely controlled by Esas Holding.
 EastWest Bank (PSE: EW) more formally known as East West Banking Corporation is a universal bank in the Philippines. Its headquarters is at The Beaufort the flagship luxury condominium project of Filinvest Development Corporation at the Bonifacio Global City with extension offices at PBCom Tower Makati City (Call Center Division) Hanston Building (Customer Care) and Pasong Tamo Extension (formerly the country head office of Levi's Philippines).
 The Howard Miller Company is a Zeeland Michigan based manufacturer of longcase clocks and other home furnishings.
 Fireworks Productions is an Indian television production house. Also it's an International company.
 International Business Systems (IBS) is a supply chain management company that provides professional services and enterprise resource management software for distributors and wholesalers with its headquarters in Stockholm Sweden. They were previously publicly traded on the Stockholm Stock Exchange and have offices in several countries. They are rated by AMR Research and Frost & Sullivan as the largest supply chain execution solutions company by revenue.
 IDEC Corporation (TYO: 6652) formerly IDEC Izumi Corporation is a manufacturer of Automation and Control products. The company was founded in Osaka Japan in 1945. IDEC was founded by Tsuneo Funaki in 1945 and it became a company organization in 1947. IDEC is known for their various electromechanical control products such as relays timers and switches.
 CubeSmart (NYSE: CUBE) previously known as U-Store-It Trust is an American real estate investment trust (REIT) and provider of self-storage facilities.
 SPoT Coffee & Spot Coffee (Canada) Ltd. (abbreviated SPP) is an international coffee company and coffeehouse chain which is headquartered in Toronto Canada.SPoT Coffee specializes in roasted gourmet coffee and light meals. SPoT Cafés are not built on uniformity of product and style and each café is uniquelydesigned by incorporating elements from the history and culture of its community.
 Derby Litchurch Lane Works (formerly Derby Carriage and Wagon Works) was built by the Midland Railway in Derby England in the 19th century. The plant has produced rolling stock under the ownership of the Midland Railway the LMS British Railways British Rail Engineering Limited (BREL) ABB Adtranz and Bombardier Transportation.
 The Capital District Transportation Authority (CDTA) is a public benefit corporation created by New York State overseeing a number of multi-modal parts of public transportation in the Capital District of New York State (Albany Schenectady Rensselaer and Saratoga counties).
 Savin was incorporated in 1959 by Max M. and Robert K.Low (the company was named for Low's son-in-law) and was run by Low's son Robert K. Low (Financemanagement and marketing) and E. Paul Charlap (research and development).
 B-Boy Records was an important independent hip hop record label formed by William Kamarra (CEO) in 1986 and situated at 132nd Street and Cypress Avenue in the Bronx New York City. Its most notable signing was Boogie Down Productions and it released Boogie Down Productions' first singles South Bronx (1986) and The Bridge is Over (1987) and the group's landmark debut album Criminal Minded (1987).
 Recurly is a software as a service company that provides recurring billing management as an outsourced service. Founded in September 2009 and made available as a public beta in January 2010. Companies with subscription business models commonly encounter errors from payment gateways acquiring banks issuing banks or credit card associations.
 Fabasoft AG is a software manufacturer headquartered in Linz Upper Austria. The company was established in 1988 by Helmut Fallmann and Leopold Bauernfeind.The name Fabasoft is an acronym of Fallmann Bauernfeind Software.
 Peñoles (BMV: PE&OLES*) based in Mexico City Mexico is a subsidiary company 100 percent Mexican and owned by the private Grupo Bal. Peñoles is the second largest Mexican mining company the first Mexican producer of gold zinc and lead and the world leader in silver production. Peñoles is a company with active mines within Mexico and with some prospection projects in South America.
 The Video Journalism Movement abbreviated VJ Movement is a business and foundation headquartered in The Hague Netherlands.The VJ Movement is an ongoing online collaboration between a global network of freelance professional video journalists editorial cartoonists and the public. All story and cartoon ideas (pitches) are suggested and voted on by VJ Movement members and contributors in the online newsroom.
 Be An Angel Romania (BAAR) is a Romanian human rights organisation based in Cluj-Napoca founded by Lucian Dunăreanu a LGBT rights activist. Although the organisation's mission is to combat discrimination in Romanian society in all its forms its main field of activity is in LGBT rights and dealing with discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.Since 2004 Be An Angel has also organised the annual Gay Film Nights festival in Cluj-Napoca which seeks to promote LGBT culture and cinema.
 Awesome Comics or Awesome Entertainment (also known as Awesome-Hyperwerks when they were briefly joined with Hyperwerks Entertainment) was an American comic book studio formed in 1997 by Image Comics co-founder Rob Liefeld. The company folded in 2000.
 Nunc A/S of Denmark was founded in 1953. Nunc specialized in laboratory plastic ware. The company merged with the Nalge Company which was founded in 1949 by chemist Emanuel Goldberg of Rochester New York in 1995.
 Passaredo Linhas Aéreas is an airline based in Ribeirão Preto São Paulo Brazil. It operates regional services in Brazil. Its main base is Dr. Leite Lopes Airport Ribeirão Preto.According to the National Civil Aviation Agency of Brazil (ANAC) between January and December 2012 Passaredo had 0.54% of the domestic market share in terms of passengers per kilometre flown.
 Dela Rosa Transit is one of the city bus companies in the Philippines. It plies route from Pacita Complex San Pedro Laguna to Novaliches Quezon City. It also offers provincial routes operated under its sister company N. Dela Rosa Liner plying routes from Metro Manila to Southern Tagalog/Northern Luzon.
 Financial Technologies (India) Limited is an Indian financial services company formed in 1988. It is promoted by the Financial Technologies Group. The group offers technology IP (Intellectual Property) to create and trade on next-generation financial markets across asset classes including equities commodities currencies and bonds among others.
 Fried Frank Harris Shriver & Jacobson LLP is a law firm founded in New York City in the early 20th century that has grown into an international law firm with offices in New York City Washington DC London Paris Frankfurt Hong Kong and Shanghai. The firm has 468 attorneys worldwide. Its headquarters office is in the One New York Plaza.
 South Florida Educational Federal Credit Union is a Florida intrastate credit union headquartered in and serving the Miami area. The credit union has seven branches throughout Miami-Dade County serving over 57000 members. Assets total over $671 million.
 The Merchant Shipbuilding Corporation (abbreviated MSC) was an American corporation established in 1917 by railroad heir W. Averell Harriman to build merchant ships for the Allied war effort in World War I. The MSC operated two shipyards: the former shipyard of John Roach & Sons at Chester Pennsylvania and a second newly established emergency yard at Bristol Pennsylvania operated by the MSC on behalf of the U.S.
 iPass Inc. is an American company headquartered in Redwood Shores California. iPass provides global enterprises and telecommunications carriers with cloud-based mobility management and Wi-Fi connectivity services. iPass provides a platform for enterprises and individuals to bring together the world’s commercial Wi-Fi sites into a single global network for enterprise employees and service provider subscribers.
 The Sullivan Family of Companies is a privately run American supermarket retailer and restaurant franchiser headquartered in Honolulu Hawaii. The family-owned business is run by Jenai S. Wall the daughter of Maurice J. Sully Sullivan who founded the Foodland supermarket chain of which she expanded after his death. Although all of the properties fall under the same roof each are run separately.
 Aircraft Designs Inc is a US aircraft design and manufacturing firm founded in Monterey California by Martin Hollmann in 1986. Apart from working on its own designs the firm provides design and engineering analysis to other aerospace ventures.Owner Martin Hollmann died 12 October 2012.
 This article is about the South African food retailer. For other companies with the same or similar name see ShopRite (disambiguation).
 Gusto Records is a Nashville Tennessee based record company specializing in reissuing and licensing recordings from its vast catalogue of music from acquired record labels and their own studio recordings.The catalogues Gusto owns include those of King Records (except for recordings by James Brown[1] & of Bethlehem Records) Starday Records Scepter Records (except for recordings by Dionne Warwick[2] and the pre-RCA recordings of The Guess Who[3]) Wand Records (except for recordings by The Kingsmen[4]) Musicor Records Chart Records Federal Records Audio Lab Ovation Step One Records Atteiram Records and others. 
 Barbie Shanghai was the first Mattel Barbie flagship store in the world. Located in Shanghai China this 35000-square-foot (3300 m2) store held the world's largest and most comprehensive collection of Barbie dolls and licensed Barbie products.It ceased activities in March 2011.
 The Mighty Leaf Tea Company is a specialty tea manufacturer and distributor based in San Rafael California. Known for pioneering the whole leaf tea pouch filled with whole tea leaves herbs and fruits Mighty Leaf Tea was founded by husband and wife team Gary Shinner and Jill Portman in 2000.The company played an integral role in introducing whole leaf tea pouches to the foodservice and retail sales channels.
 Palestinian Airlines (Arabic: الخطوط الفلسطينية‎ al-khutut al-filastiniya) is an airline based in Arish Egypt that is wholly owned by the Palestinian Authority but it doesn't recognized by the Egyptian Ministry of Civil Aviation. It stopped operations in 2005 but returned to service in May 2012. Its current base is El Arish International Airport.Palestinian Airlines is a member of the Arab Air Carriers Organization.
 VI Airlink (or Virgin Islands Airlink) is an airline from the British Virgin Islands with its license issued under the U.K. Overseas Territory Air Requirements it is the only Airline with airplanes registered in the B.V.I. It operates mostly chartered short-haul flights throughout the Caribbean from its base at Terrance B.
 Checkered Seagull was a record label that We Are Scientists made up for their self-released albums and EPs.
 Colas Ltd is a UK-based service provider to the highways and airfield sectors. Services include civil engineering maintenance and construction and all operations are carried out nationally. Colas Ltd is a subsidiary of the international Colas Group.
 Great-West Lifeco is an insurance centered financial holding company (corporation) that operates in North America (USA and Canada) Europe and Asia through 5 wholly owned regionally focused subsidiaries. Many of the companies it has indirect control over are part of its largest subsidiary The Great-West Life Assurance Company; the others (Great West Life & Annuities Financial Inc and Putnam Investments LLC) are managed by US based subsidiary Great-West Lifeco US Inc.
 Alaskan Brewing Company a regional craft brewery located in Juneau Alaska USA was founded in 1986. The company's beers have won awards at regional national and international beer competitions. The brewery was founded in Juneau Alaska by Marcy and Geoff Larson who are still in charge of the company.
 DeMastro Vineyards is a winery in the Vincentown section of Southampton Township in Burlington County New Jersey. DeMastro has 31 acres of grapes under cultivation and produces 7000 cases of wine per year. The winery was incorporated in 1990. The winery's name is an amalgamation of the owners' surnames.
 An Independent Company was a formation of the British Army during the Second World War. Initially there were 10 independent companies who were raised from volunteers in second line Territorial Army divisions in April 1940. They were intended for guerrilla-style operations in Norway following Operation Weserübung. Each of the 10 companies initially consisted of 21 officers and 268 other ranks. Another company was formed No.
 PRAN-RFL Group is the Bangladeshi food-products corporation based in Dhaka Bangladesh. founded in 1981. It is the largest food and nutrition company of Bangladesh It is the largest exporter of processed agro products with the compliance of HALAL & HACCP to more than 82 countries.The Company's principal activity is the manufacture and sale of Juice Snacks Soft Drink cakes and dairy products.
 McRae's was a mid-range regional department store chain founded and based in Jackson Mississippi with locations in Mississippi Alabama Louisiana and Florida. The nameplate was in existence for more than a century.
 Page Springs Cellars & Vineyards is a family-owned Arizona winery and vineyard tucked into the volcanic landscape overlooking pristine Oak Creek Canyon just 15 minutes south of Sedona in the Verde Valley. Page Springs Cellars produces Rhone style wines working primarily with Syrah Petite Sirah Grenache and Mourvedre.
 The Sahara Bank (Arabic: مصرف الصحاري‎) was established in 1964designed by Italian Vincenzo Maria Morici. On 22 December 1970 the Revolutionary Command issued another law the Nationalization Decision which demanded that all the foreign banks shares were nationalized and became completely owned by Libya.Sahara Bank is now a part of the French-based BNP Paribas group.
 Mackenzie Investments was founded in 1967 and is one of Canada’s largest investment management firms by assets under management. Mackenzie Investments provides investment advisory and related services for retail and institutional clients. With $64.4 billion in assets under management Mackenzie Investments distributes its services through a diversified network of third-party financial advisors. Mackenzie Investments is a member of the IGM Financial Inc. (TSX: IGM) group of companies.
 Sims Snowboards is a manufacturer of snowboards. The Sims brand was founded by Tom Sims 1976. Initially a snowboard company the brand eventually diversified to include bindings boots outerwear accessories and skateboards.
 Wright-Martin was a short-lived aircraft manufacturing business venture between the Wright Company (after Orville Wright sold the Wright Company and divested himself from it) and Glenn L. Martin.Company officials merged their respective organizations the Wright Company and the Glenn L. Martin Company in 1916. Martin soon resigned dissolving the arrangement within a year. The company was renamed Wright Aeronautical in 1919.
 Beijing Polybona Film Distribution Co. Ltd. (traditional Chinese: 保利博納電影發行公司; simplified Chinese: 保利博纳电影发行有限公司) known simply as Polybona Films and Bona Film Group is a Chinese production company involved in the co-production and distribution of films from China and Hong Kong.
 mophie is a California-based technology company that manufactures devices and accessories for the Smartphone marketplace. It is best known for its juice pack cases which were the first battery pack cases for iPhones extended the battery life and storage of the devices. The company is listed as a Inc. 5000 company being rated as a Top 100 Consumer Products & Services Company in 2013.mophie was founded in 2006 by Daniel Huang and Shawn Dougherty as mStation.
 Trilegal (founded in 2000) is a law firm based in India. It has over 150 lawyers across four offices in Bangalore Hyderabad Mumbai and New Delhi.
 Commercial Bank Chad  also spelled as Commercial Bank Tchad (CBT) is a commercial bank in the Republic of Chad. It is a member of the Commercial Bank Group and is affiliated with the Commercial Bank of Cameroon (CBC) Commercial Bank Centrafrique (CBCA) the Commercial Bank Equatorial Guinea (CBGE) and Commercial Bank São Tomé and Príncipe (CBSTP).
 Liberty Travel is a retail travel and cruise company headquartered at 69 Spring Street in Ramsey New Jersey United States. In 2013 Liberty Travel had 170 stores in 14 states and a total of 2200 employees.Liberty Travel owns Gogo Worldwide Vacations which markets vacation packages wholesale to independent retail travel agencies.In 2008 Flight Centre Ltd. the largest travel company in Australia acquired Liberty Travel and Gogo for $135 million.
 Aces Studio was an independent game studio. They were bought by Microsoft and produced many popular titles such as Microsoft Flight Simulator and Combat Flight Simulator. Due to budget cuts Aces studio was closed down in 2009.
 Fflach is a Welsh record label and recording studio. It was founded in 1981 in Cardigan Ceredigion Wales by brothers Richard and Wyn Jones who are members of Welsh New Wave music group Ail Symudiad. The label gave an opportunity to record more New Wave music in Wales for bands such as Y Ficar Eryr Wen Malcolm Neon Angylion Stanley Y Diawled Rocyn and Maffia Mr.
 Sangoma Technologies Corporation (Sangoma) is a provider of voice and data connectivity components for software-based communication applications. Sangoma's data cards voice cards gateways and connectivity software are used in PBX IVR contact center and data-communication applications.
 Prelight Films is a French independent production company founded by Remy Boudet Jean-Philippe Maras and Pascale Cuenot in 2003.The company offers a sensitive approach along with a personal and original point of view upon the world.
 ITKO is an enterprise software company based in Plano Texas. ITKO's LISA product suite is designed to improve the effectiveness of application development teams especially those involved in custom applications SOA and cloud computing. ITKO became a CA Technologies company in 2011.
 socialblood is a social network that connects blood donors and recipients of the same blood type through Facebook.socialblood has created a social space for thousands of potential blood donors and recipients to meet and potentially donate.The project came to life when the 22 year old founder Karthik Naralasetty witnessed a family in India struggling to find regular blood transfusions for their four-year-old daughter to treat her thalassemia a genetic blood disease.
 Seymour Duncan is an American company best known for manufacturing guitar and bass pickups. They also manufacture effects pedals which are designed and assembled in America. Guitarist and luthier Seymour W. Duncan and Cathy Carter Duncan founded the company in 1976 in Santa Barbara California.
 National Heart Institute of Malaysia (Malay: Institut Jantung Negara abbreviated as IJN) is Malaysia’s premier heart centre. Established in September 1992 IJN provides cardiology and cardiothoracic surgery services for both adult and paediatric cases.
 Innovation Center Denmark facilitates the entry of technology based Danish companies into Silicon Valley connects research capital and companies and innovates business models and market strategies. Innovation Center Denmark is a joint effort between The Danish Ministry of Foreign Affairs and The Ministry of Science Technology and Innovation; a new type of commercial mission located in technological hot spots around the world.
 Founded in 1977 Kadey-Krogen Yachts is one of the oldest manufacturers of long-range capable recreational trawler yachts in the U.S. Their vessels are closely linked in naval design to the historic fishing trawlers of the North Sea and have the capability to cross any ocean. Kadey-Krogen Yachts is a semi-custom builder and manufactures 10-15 yachts per year.
 Skooba Design is an American company specializing in the design development and manufacturing of carrying cases and accessories.The company's products include laptop iPad/tablet and photo/video bags as well as laptop backpacks laptop-compatible luggage and hybrid laptop/travel duffels along with skins for laptops and tablets and protection and tech organization products such as cable organizers protective wraps and shoulder straps.
 Curotek is an American company based in Portland Oregon that provides technology for community-based care settings such as assisted living communities and group home settings serving those with Dementia Alzheimer's Mental Retardation and Developmental Disabilities and other disabilities that cause safety risks associated with freedom of movement and personal autonomy.
 Lutron Electronics Company Inc. is a privately held corporation that designs manufactures and sells lighting control systems and a variety of other related products. Its worldwide operations are headquartered in Coopersburg Pennsylvania in the Lehigh Valley region of the state.Its founder and owner Joel Spira was the inventor of the world's first solid state dimmer in 1959 which served as the basis of Lutron's early business.
 For the California beverage company see Kern's (beverage company)Kern's or the The Ernst Kern Dry Good Company was a department store established in Detroit in 1883 by Ernst Kern who was born in Germany. In 1886 the original store was consumed by fire and was rebuilt at Randolph and Monroe. In 1900 the company purchased a five story building at Woodward and Gratiot to accommodate increasing business.When Ernst Kern died in 1901 his sons Ernst C. and Otto assumed control of the store.
 SwoonXO is a dating website and Facebook Application that incorporates live interactive environments for users to meet in real time. SwoonXO is privately held company based in San Francisco California.SwoonXO's dating website features are free but it's live interactive component is accessed by purchasing credits on the site.
 Continuum is a design and innovation consultancy based in Newton Massachusetts with other offices in Los Angeles Milan Shanghai and Seoul. The company’s core disciplines include Industrial Design Design strategy Service Design Human Factors Interaction Design Sustainable Design Mechanical Engineering and Electrical Engineering.The company was founded in Boston as Design Continuum in 1983. Their goal was simple: to design products for businesses.
 Friedrich Air Conditioning is a privately held company that manufactures commercial-grade room air conditioners and specialty cooling products for residential and light commercial applications. The company is based in Uptown San Antonio Texas.
 Tata Elxsi Limited (BSE: 500408 NSE: TATAELXSI) is a subsidiary of the Tata Group and is headquartered in Bangalore. Tata Elxsi is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange of India. It had a talent pool of over 3500 employees and has offices in Dubai France Germany Japan Malaysia Singapore South Africa UAE UK and USA.
 B.W. Thayer & Co. was a lithographic printing studio owned by Benjamin W. Thayer (1814-1875) in Boston Massachusetts in the 1840s-1850s. Clients included music publisher William H. Oakes.
 NorCom Information Technology AG situated in Munich Germany was founded in 1989. The founder and chairman is Viggo Norbakk along with the executive board member Dr. Tobias Abthoff. NorCom is listed in the General Standard of the Deutsche Börse. The company listed itself in 1999.Not to be confused with Norcom Technology a UK-based offshore software company situated in Norwich UK founded in 1988. The founder is Philip Harris.
 Electrica is a Romanian state-owned company specialised in electric power supply and distribution. The company was established in 1998 as a division of CONEL (Compania Națională de Electricitate) the largest electric power distribution company in the country at that time but became a stand alone company in 2000 when CONEL was restructured.
 Join or Die is a well-known political cartoon created by Benjamin Franklin and first published in his Pennsylvania Gazette on May 9 1754. The original publication by the Gazette is the earliest known pictorial representation of colonial union produced by a British colonist in America. It is a woodcut showing a snake cut into eighths with each segment labeled with the initials of one of the thirteen American colonies or region.
 Discovery Airways was an airline that provided inter-island service within the state of Hawaii in 1990.
 Backupify Inc. is among the first major cloud-to-cloud backup providers duplicating data found in popular web applications and software as a service solutions to an independent third-party online data storage system. The company is often associated with the data liberation movement.
 The Nieuport & General Aircraft Company Ltd was a British aircraft manufacturer established during the First World War to build French Nieuport aircraft under license which closed down in 1920.
 Hospitality Financial & Technology Professionals (HFTP) is an American global professional association for members that serve in the financial and technology areas of the hospitality industry.
 Turkey Hill Sugarbush Ltd. is a Canadian producer of maple syrup and related products. It was founded in 1974 and exports its products around the world.The company also produces snacks and confections ranging from maple cookies to sweets.
 Silca S.p.A. is a manufacturer of keys key cutting machines semi industrial and industrial key cutting machines.Silca S.p.A. is a subsidiary of Kaba Group a provider of selected segments of the security industry. Kaba Holding AG is listed on the SIX Swiss Stock Exchange and employs around 7.500 people in more than 60 different countries.The Silca brand is internationally recognized within the key business due to its widespread distribution.
 Chinook Sciences is a US and UK based technology company that specializes in waste to energy and metal recovery.
 SkyEurope Airlines was a low-cost airline headquartered in Bratislava with its main base at M. R. Štefánik Airport (BTS) in Bratislava Slovakia and another base in Prague. The carrier filed for bankruptcy on 31 August 2009 and suspended all flights on 1 September 2009. The airline operated short-haul scheduled and charter passenger services.On 22 June 2009 the airline announced it had been granted creditor protection while it restructured its debts.
 OneUnited Bank is an African-American-owned Internet bank and controlled Massachusetts-chartered trust company headquartered in Boston Massachusetts. The bank is also a community development financial institution (CDFI) as designated by the United States Department of Treasury. Proponents claim that OneUnited Bank has provided unique and valuable services to African-American communities.
 Leon's Furniture Limited (TSX: LNF) Meubles Léon Limité in Quebec is a Canadian furniture superstore which first opened its store in 1909 in Welland Ontario. The controlling interest in the company is owned by the Leon family while some shares are traded publicly on the Toronto Stock Exchange. It has consistently ranked among the top furniture chains in Canada.[citation needed] The company has Leon's stores in all provinces except British Columbia.
 OfficeMax Inc. is an American office supplies retailer founded in 1988 and headquartered in the Chicago suburb of Naperville Illinois.
 Sandy Records was a short-lived but very influential independent rock and roll record label established in Mobile Alabama by Paul DuBose and Johnny Bozeman in early 1957. It launched the careers of many artists such as Ray Sawyer lead vocalist of Dr. Hook and the Medicine Show.
 Fresh Records is a defunct New York City-based independent record label that operated from 1985 to 1992. The label was a subsidiary of Sleeping Bag Records that featured hip hop music.
 Keller Williams Realty is a real estate franchise organization in the United States and Canada with headquarters in Austin Texas. It was founded by Gary W. Keller and Joe Williams in 1983. The company began franchising in 1991 and expanded to Canada in 1998 with sales and commissions growth topping 700 percent since 1995. The firm has grown from a single office in Austin to the largest real estate company in the United States and Canada by agent count with over 80000 agents.
 Interactive Brokers Group Inc. (IB) is a U.S. based online discount brokerage firm headquartered in Greenwich CT in the United States and with offices in Budapest Chicago Hong Kong London Montreal Mumbai Shanghai Saint Petersburg Sydney Tallinn Tokyo and Zug. The IB Group consists of subsidiaries operating on most major stock option futures forex bond ETF and CFD exchanges worldwide.IB is regulated by the U.S.
 DP Architects Pte Ltd is one of the largest architectural practices in Singapore. It started as Design Partnership in 1967 and was incorporated as a private limited company in 1993. It is a multi-disciplinary design consultancy.The work of DP Architects includes the The Dubai Mall.
 Metrobus Transit is a public transport system owned by the City of St. John's Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. It operates a fleet of diesel buses. A total of 18 bus routes serve St. John's and Mount Pearl carrying approximately 3.1 million passengers in 2009.
 Empire Interactive (also known as Empire Software from 1987 to 1994) was a UK-based video game developer and publisher founded in 1987. It was closed under administration on 4 May 2009.
 Facedown Records is a Christian record label based in Fallbrook California devoted mostly to hardcore punk and metalcore bands (Christian and secular). Founded by No Innocent Victim drummer Jason Dunn the label started off small with a number of 7 record releases by bands such as Overcome Dodgin Bullets and Born Blind. As the label grew it was able to sign artists for full album deals.
 Holp Shuppan Publishers Co. Ltd. (株式会社ほるぷ出版 Kabushiki Kaisha Horupu Shuppan) is a publishing company headquartered in Misaki-cho Chiyoda Tokyo. It is a subsidiary of GAIA Holdings Corporation.
 Digital Rapids Corporation is a privately held technology company headquartered in Markham Ontario Canada that produces hardware and software for the digital media industry. Founded in 2001 Digital Rapids develops systems and software for media ingest multi-screen video encoding transcoding streaming and workflow automation. Media and entertainment companies using Digital Rapids products include Deluxe Foxtel the Miami Heat NBA team NBC Universal Starz and Turner Broadcasting.
 Key-Soft plc (Hungarian: Kulcs-Soft Nyrt.) is a public software company headquartered in Budapest Hungary. Established in 1989 to develop and sell business management and accounting software applications Key-Soft now develops a wide range of smartphone applications as well.
 Mitsubishi Caterpillar Forklift America Inc. (MCFA) headquartered in Houston Texas is a manufacturer and distributor of material handling equipment and parts under the Mitsubishi Forklift Trucks Cat Lift Trucks and Jungheinrich brand names. MCFA also owns the rights to Towmotor brand name but does not manufacture under it. MCFA is ISO 9001-2000 certified and has obtained compliance certification from the California Air Resources Board (CARB).
 Island Airlines is an airline headquartered at Barnstable Municipal Airport in Barnstable Massachusetts United States. Island Airlines operates hourly scheduled flights between the island of Nantucket and Hyannis Massachusetts.
 Abitibi Consolidated Inc. was a Canadian pulp and paper company based in Montreal Quebec. Abitibi-Consolidated was formed from the merger of Abitibi-Price Inc. and Stone Consolidated Corp. on May 29 1997; the Company merged with Bowater in 2007 to form AbitibiBowater.
 The Commonwealth Railways were established in 1912 by the Government of Australia to construct the Trans-Australia and Port Augusta to Darwin railways. It was absorbed into Australian National in 1975.
 Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation is an Indianmultinational information technology consulting and business process outsourcing company. It is headquartered in Teaneck New Jersey United States North America. Cognizant is included in the NASDAQ-100 and the S&P 500 indices.Originally founded as an in-house technology unit of Dun & Bradstreet in 1994 with headquarters in Chennai India Cognizant started serving external clients in 1996.
 Les Investissements Nolinor Inc. trading as Nolinor Aviation is a charter airline based in Montreal Quebec Canada. It operates passenger charter and cargo services within Canada and to the USA. Its main base is Montréal-Mirabel International Airport. It has 115 employees.
 Cervecería y Maltería Quilmes (locally: [serβeseˈɾi.a i malteˈɾi.a ˈkilmes]) is an Argentine Brewery founded in 1888 in Quilmes Buenos Aires Province by Otto Bemberg a German immigrant.The company quickly started growing and in the 1920s it was already the most popular beer in Buenos Aires. Since then it has become something of a national symbol and has 75% of the beer market share in Argentina.
 Sally Line UK (sometimes referred to as Sally Ferries UK) was a British ferry operator on the English Channel and North Sea.
 OCN (オーシーエヌ) or Open Computer Network is the largest Japanese Internet service provider with over 7 million subscribers. It is owned by NTT Communications Corp one of the largest telecommunication companies in the world. It offers dial-up and ISDN DSL up to 50 Mbit/s and fiber up to 200 Mbit/s(download)100Mbits/s (upload) for ¥7500 (US$76.33) per month.
 Synergy Group Corp. is a South American conglomerate created and owned by Germán Efromovich an entrepreneur holding multiple citizenship of Brazil Colombia and Poland. The group is headquartered in Rio de Janeiro Brazil. It operates several airlines in South America among which are AviancaTaca with a 66.66% stake and is active in the exploration of oil and natural gas throughout the region.
 Dornbracht headquartered in Iserlohn Germany is an international manufacturer of premium bathroom and kitchen fixtures as well as accessories. Established in 1950 Dornbracht is known for offering high quality craftsmanship and design. The company wins international design awards for its product designs on a regular basis.
 Norwegian Metrology Service (Norwegian: Justervesenet) is a Norwegian government agency responsible for metrology. Its main responsibility is to ensure that all measuring equipment in Norway is trusted nationally and internationally. The agency is subordinate the Norwegian Ministry of Trade and Industry.
 Champs Sports is a sports retail store that is a subsidiary of Foot Locker Inc.. Products sold at Champs Sports include apparel equipment footwear and accessories. As of March 2013 there are 552 store locations found throughout the United States Canada Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The stores are mainly located in shopping malls and are 5400 square feet on average.
 Ameritest is an international advertising research firm headquartered in Albuquerque New Mexico which provides its clients with worldwide market research on their advertising concepts and executions. The company was founded in 1990 in Chicago Illinois by Charles E. Young. Ameritest d.b.a. CY Research uses highly visual or non-verbal approaches to measuring advertising in a variety of media including television print direct response packaging internet and branded entertainment.
 Newgistics is a shipping company dealing in the management of small parcel delivery and returns services. The company partners with the United States Postal Service to handle last-mile delivery and first-mile pickup of packages while allowing package tracking along the way.
 Unbound Creative Inc. is a company based in Universal City California that develops content for various forms of media including television theaters the internet mobile devices and video games. The president of the company is former Warner Bros. Animation executive Ken Duer. Other company heads include animation artist and producer Eric Radomski and former Film Roman and LEVEL13.net manager Jay Francis.The company has undergone a few name changes and re-incorporations.
 Transzap is an Epayables accounts payable automation business intelligence software and information technology services company located in Denver Colorado.
 Stardock Corporation is a software development company founded in 1991 and incorporated in 1993 as Stardock Systems. Stardock initially developed for the OS/2 platform but was forced to switch to Windows due to the collapse of the OS/2 software market between 1997 and 1998.
 Magic Inc. is a publisher of magic books and retailer of magic products in North America.It is one of the oldest continuously family-run brick-and-mortar magic companies in North America.
 ZAO Raiffeisenbank (Russian: ЗАО «Райффайзенбанк») is a bank in Russia. It is a subsidiary of Raiffeisen Bank International which in turn is a fully controlled subsidiary of Raiffeisen Zentralbank.
 Jamba! is a premium-rate monthly SMS mobile phone content provider based in Berlin Germany. In China Brazil and the company's English-speaking markets—currently Australia Canada Ireland New Zealand the United Kingdom and the United States—the company operates under the name Jamster.Jamba!'s main line of business is the creation and marketing of ringtones for mobile phones. It is perhaps best known for the Sweety the Chick and Crazy Frog characters.
 Super Cassettes Industries Limited (SCIL) is a music company of India. It owns the music label T-Series It is also a film production and distribution company. It later ventured into other consumer products such as incense sticks and washing powder. Super cassettes Gopal soap industries (manufactures washing powder) & Rajni industries (manufactures incense sticks) are all the part of T-Series.
 Navistar International Corporation (NYSE: NAV) (formerly International Harvester Company) is a United States-based holding company that owns the manufacturer of International brand commercial trucks MaxxForce brand diesel engines IC Bus school and commercial buses Workhorse brand chassis for motor homes and step vans and is a private label designer and manufacturer of diesel engines for the pickup truck van and SUV markets.
 Puntavia Airline de Djibouti was an airline based in Djibouti City in Djibouti. It was founded in 1991 and initially operated Let L410 Turbolets on irregular scheduled services from Djibouti to Addis Ababa Jeddah the Gulf States and to Somalia. The airline later operated a mixture of Soviet-built aircraft as well as a leased Boeing 727. Puntavia ceased all operations in 1996.
 Renatus (full company name: Renatus Media LLC) is an American publisher of social and mobile games founded in the middle of 2012. The company is headquartered in Palo Alto California and focusing primarily on publishing games from CIS based game developers on the global market.
 NOHAB (Nydqvist & Holm AB) was a manufacturing company based in the city of Trollhättan Sweden.
 The Intercontinental Releasing Corporation (IRC) was an American film company primarily involved in the production and distribution of films and television programs. IRC was founded in September 1974 as the larger film studios' grip on domestic and international distribution diminished. From its Los Angeles offices the company expanded into other areas of media entertainment but remained focused on domestic and foreign film distribution.
 Arrive is a Norwegian information technology company owned by Norges Statsbaner (Norwegian State Railways) that offers a wide range of Information Technology services primarily targeting the railway and public transport sector with the NSB corporation being the dominant customer. The company has 70 employees is based in Oslo and was created in 2001 as a limited company though had been a separate division within NSB since 1970.
 New Atlanta Communications LLC is a software company specializing in products to ease creation of Web applications. Based in Alpharetta Georgia United States and founded in 1998 the company markets 3 products: ServletExec JTurbo and BlueDragon.
 KI Holdings Co. Ltd. (KIホールディングス株式会社 KI Holdings kabushikigaisha) formerly known as Koito Industries Ltd. (小糸工業株式会社 Koito-kōgyō-kabushikigaisha) until the renaming in 2011 is a manufacturer of mechanical components such as railway equipment headlamps and airline seats.　It is a subsidiary of Koito Manufacturing. The company has its headquarters in Totsuka-ku Yokohama Kanagawa Japan.
 AveA (Aria and Aycell AandA) the sole GSM 1800 mobile operator of Turkey was founded in 2004 and has reached a nationwide customer base of 12.8 million as of the end of 2011.TT&TİM İletişim Hizmetleri A.Ş. was officially established on February 19 2004 as a consequence of the merger between Aycell Türk Telekom's GSM Operator and İş-TİM which has been established through the partnership of İş Bankası Group with a share of 51% and TİM with a share of 49%.
 RacingThePlanet is a privately held company that is one of the pioneers in the development of off-trail or rough-country endurance foot-racing. They are the organizers of several series of endurance races including the 4 Deserts named as the leading endurance foot-race competition in the world by TIME. The company is also a retailer of high end outdoor gear and clothing.
 Aero Charter is a charter airline and a cargo carrier based in Kiev Ukraine. It was formed in 1997.
 Uniqlo Co. Ltd. (株式会社ユニクロ Kabushiki-gaisha yunikuro) (pronounced YOU-nee-klo in English) is a Japanese casual wear designer manufacturer and retailer. The company has been a wholly owned subsidiary of Fast Retailing Co. Ltd.
 Spoleto (Portuguese pronunciation: [spoˈletu]) is a Brazilian restaurant chain that develops the concept of fast food to Italian cuisine. The restaurant's name is a tribute to the town of Spoleto Italy.The company was established in 1999 in Rio de Janeiro by Eduardo Ourivio and Mário Chady. In 2001 the company adopted the franchise system. Currently the chain has over 200 restaurants located throughout Brazil eight in Mexico and three in Spain.
 Objet Geometries Ltd is engaged in the design development and manufacture of photopolymer 3D printing systems. The company is based in Rehovot Israel and was incorporated in 1998. They hold patents on a number of associated printing materials that are used in PolyJet and PolyJet Matrix polymer jetting technologies.The company distributes 3D printers worldwide through wholly owned subsidiaries in the United States Europe and Hong Kong.
 Kenet Works is a company initially founded 2003 in Stockholm Sweden by Gustav Söderström Thomas Backelin Johan Gertéll Andreas Nordin Daniel Malmkvist Johan Edlund and Martin Holst. Kenet Works developed community software for mobile phones. In 2006 Kenet Works was acquired by the American company Yahoo!.
 EUROTEM alternatively Hyundai EURotem is a joint enterprise between Hyundai Rotem of South Korea and TÜVASAŞ of Turkey which was founded in 2006 and started production in December 2007.The Hyundai EURotem factory in Adapazarı Turkey was built as the Hızlı Tren Fabrikası (High-Speed Train Factory) with the purpose of manufacturing the next generation of Turkey's high-speed trainsets.
 ECM (Edition of Contemporary Music) is a record label founded in Munich Germany in 1969 by Manfred Eicher. While ECM is best known for jazz music the label has released a wide variety of recordings and ECM's artists often refuse to acknowledge boundaries between genres. ECM's motto is the Most Beautiful Sound Next to Silence taken from a 1971 review of ECM releases in CODA a Canadian jazz magazine.The label was distributed in the USA by Warner Bros.
 Toon Boom Animation Inc. is a Canadian software company that specializes in animation production software. This animation software company is a division of Corus Entertainment founded in 1994 and based in Montreal Quebec Toon Boom develops animation and storyboarding software for film television web animation games mobile devices training applications and education. In 2005 Toon Boom was awarded a Primetime Emmy Engineering Award.
 Liquid Computing was an information technology business that sold servers storage and networking systems. It was founded in 2003 and ceased operations in 2010.The company had customers in North America and established partnerships with companies such as Intel Microsoft VMWare Oracle Red Hat NetApp and AMD.
 WeDo Technologies (WeDo Consulting S.A.) is a multinational software corporation headquartered in Lisbon Portugal that develops and delivers Enterprise Business Assurance software and services designed to support the revenue assurance and fraud management departments within an organization.
 All American Foods Inc. (AAFI) is a food ingredient manufacturer headquartered in Mankato Minnesota. AAFI operates 4 manufacturing facilities in southern MN that produce over 100 dairy and non-dairy food ingredients for human consumption. AAFI produces ingredients for bakery confectionery soups and sauce and flavor applications. All American Foods also provides custom toll processing and packaging of food ingredients.
 Posten Norge or Norway Post is the name of the Norwegian postal service. The word posten means the post or the mail in Norwegian. The company owned by the Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications has a monopoly on distribution of letters weighing less than 50g throughout the country.There are 30 post offices in Norway in addition to outlets in retail stores.
 Chameleon was a record label formed by producer music entrepreneur and former Capitol A&R executive Stephen Powers Stephen Powers in association with Bob Marin Managing Director of alternative rock importer Sounds True and Richard Foos co-founder of Rhino Records.
 Erkrankung Durch Musique is a record label based in Munich Germany. Specialising in electronic music it is run by the DJ musician and producer Emanuel Guenther (aka DJ Mooner).
 Brady Plc is a global software company providing commodity solutions to producers consumers financial institutions and trading companies. It is the largest European provider of Commodity Trading and Risk Management (CTRM) solutions that are similarly offered by American competitors such as Triple Point Technology.
 The China-ASEAN Investment Cooperation Fund also knowns as the China Asean Fund or CAF is a USD-denominated offshore quasi-sovereign private equity fund that is under the direction of the Government of the People's Republic of China and that invests throughout Southeast Asia which the fund defines as including China. It was started by China's sovereign wealth fund. The establishment of the fund was announced in 2009 by Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and it began operations in 2010.
 BKD LLP formerly Baird Kurtz & Dobson is an accounting and advisory firm in the United States providing consulting tax assurance and accounting outsourcing solutions to business government entities not-for-profit organizations and individuals.BKD is headquartered in Springfield Missouri has 34 offices in 15 states primarily focused in the central United States. In 2010 BKD reported revenues of $391 million and over 1800 personnel including almost 250 partners.
 Wefunder is a crowdfunding service which connects startups with investors online. Wefunder will utilize a provision in the 2012 JOBS Act which will allow unaccredited investors to provide equity for entrepreneurial undertakings once it takes full effect.
 Alfa-Vita Vassilopoulos (Άλφα-Βήτα Βασιλόπουλος) or simply AB is a supermarket chain based in Greece.
 MiaDonna & Company is a man made diamond and diamond simulant producer and jewelry company founded by Anna-Mieke Anderson in 2005.
 Andrews Kurth LLP is a Houston Texas based international law firm founded by Frank Andrews and U.S. Congressman Thomas Henry Ball in 1902 and later joined by Melvin Kurth in 1913. The firm currently has over 400 attorneys in its offices in major energy financial and political centers worldwide including London Beijing Dubai Dallas New York City Washington D.C. and Houston.
 MindSpring Enterprise was a major Internet service provider headquartered in Midtown Atlanta Georgia. Founded in February 1 1994 Mindspring later merged with EarthLink on February 4 2000 with the company retaining the EarthLink name. In 2006 the MindSpring brand was relaunched by EarthLink as a free VoIP service which was discontinued in early 2008.
 PlanetAll was a social networking calendaring and address book site launched in November 1996. It was founded by a group of Harvard Business School and MIT graduates including Warren Adams and Brian Robertson. Their company Sage Enterprises was based in Cambridge Massachusetts and was the winner of the 1996 New Business of the Year Award from the Cambridge Chamber of Commerce.
 Waldenbooks (often referred to as Waldens) operated by the Walden Book Company Inc. was an American shopping mall-based bookstore chain and a subsidiary of Borders Group. The chain also ran a video game and software chain under the name Waldensoftware as well as a children's edutainment chain under Walden Kids. In 2011 the chain was liquidated in bankruptcy.
 Primedia Broadcasting is a subsidiary of the South African media group Primedia headquartered in Sandton Johannesburg. It currently operates 4 radio stations and the Eyewitness News service.
 Kokopelli Records was a record label established by jazz flautist Herbie Mann during the 1990s. Mann had previously established Embryo Records during his tenure at Atlantic Records.
 McMaster-Carr Supply Company is a private family-owned supplier to industrial and commercial facilities worldwide specializing in next day delivery of Maintenance Repair and Operations (MRO) materials and supplies.The company is based in Elmhurst Illinois and has distribution branches in Robbinsville New Jersey; Santa Fe Springs California; Atlanta Georgia and Cleveland Ohio. McMaster maintains over 555000 products in their catalog.
 The Banco Inter-Atlântico (Portuguese meaning the Inter-Atlantic Bank) is a Cape Verdean banking service. The banking company is located in Cape Verde.
 Paris Orléans SCA is a financial holding company listed on Euronext Paris and controlled by the French and English branch of the Rothschild family. Paris Orléans is the flagship of the Rothschild banking Group and controls the Rothschild Group’s banking activities including N M Rothschild & Sons and Rothschild & Cie Banque.The banking business of Rothschild banking Group covers the areas of investment banking corporate banking private equity asset management private banking and so on.
 AV8 Air was an airline based in the United Kingdom. It was established in June 2003 and started operations on 25 November 2003. It was launched as a subsidiary of tour operator CT2 and began operations on 7 April 2004 with a long-haul flight to Cape Town using a Boeing 767-300ER aircraft. The company operated the 767 on a damp lease basis from Icelandair until their own Air Operator's Certificate (AOC) was granted from the UK Civil Aviation Authority (CAA).
 Vahan Jewelry is a New York based company founded in 1968 by Leon Sacha Der Calousdian. Vahan sells high end designer jewelry.
 Jackrabbit Design is a Boston-based strategic graphic design firm which was founded in 1999 by business partners David Belyea and Sharon Mulcahy. Jackrabbit is a private firm centralized around the art of visual communication and brand development.
 Jervis B. Webb Company is a global company that designs engineers installs and supports integrated material handling systems such as baggage handling systems Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) conveyor systems and Automated Storage and Retrieval Systems (AS/RS).
 Edwards (formerly BOC Edwards) is a vacuum engineering company headquartered in Crawley in West Sussex in the United Kingdom. The company manufactures and supplies vacuum and abatement equipment used in advanced manufacturing processes.
 Exakt Entertainment is an American video game developer based out of Los Angeles California. It was founded in 1994.
 Maplin Electronics is a retailer of electronic goods in the UK and Ireland.As of July 2013 there are 205 Maplin Electronics stores. The company operates an extensive online telephone and mail-order sales service.
 Takipi is a Software analytics company based in Israel. The company develops a static and dynamic code analysis technology to analyze code events in real time. The technology's focus is large scale Java and Scala code bases.
 Minsk also known as M1NSK is a Belarusian brand of motorcycles scooters ATVs and snowmobiles produced by the Minsk Motorcycle and Bicycle Plant (MMVZ). First M1A motorcycle was released in 1951. Since 2007 the company is a private enterprise. More than 6.5 million Minsk motorcycles has been sold worldwide.
 Lingo24 is a UK-registered translation company that was formed in 2001.
 The Alarm Monitoring Company (AMCO) is a UK-based burglar alarm company specialising in monitored alarm systems and alarm monitoring services. The company provides security systems to domestic and business properties as well as public sector organisations.
 Shenzhen Airlines (Chinese: 深圳航空; pinyin: Shēnzhèn Hángkōng) is a domestic and international airline headquartered in Shenzhen Bao'an International Airport in Bao'an District Shenzhen Guangdong People's Republic of China.With a fleet of over 100 Narrowbody aircraft (a mix of A320 series aircraft and various 737 types) Shenzhen Airlines is the fourth largest domestic carrier (after China Southern Airlines China Eastern and Air China) with around 7% of seat capacity and flights.The carrier operates a total of 137 domestic airport-pairs involving 58 Chinese airports plus nine international routes. 
 BitPay is a Bitcoin startup company headquartered in Atlanta Georgia. Founded in May 2011 by Anthony Gallippi and Stephen Pair BitPay is the leading Bitcoin payment service provider for which the company has been called the PayPal of Bitcoin.
 Ashok Leyland Defence Systems Limited is a newly floated company (floated on 18th March 2008) by the Hinduja Group to consolidate the Group's defence business. The Hinduja Group’s flagship company Ashok Leyland holds 26 percent in the newly formed Ashok Leyland Defence Systems (ALDS).Ashok Leyland Defence Systems currently offers end-to-end solutions around its Stallion vehicle platform to meet the logistical requirements of armed forces around the world.
 Sopheon Corporation (LSE: SPE) is a U.S.-based software developer with operating units in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. It sells product lifecycle management (PLM) software called Accolade that features strategic product roadmapping ideation and innovation process execution. Accolade is most commonly categorized as a product portfolio management (PPM) application.
 Daticon EED Inc. formerly known as Electronic Evidence Discovery Inc. is a pioneer in the electronic discovery industry. Since its founding in 1987 by John H. Jessen the company has contributed many innovations to the industry and significantly expanded its service offerings and worldwide presence.It is headquartered in Kirkland WA with regional operations in Chicago New York Connecticut Washington D.C. California and the United Kingdom.
 First in Leicester is a bus operator providing services in Leicester. It is a subsidiary of FirstGroup.
 Citycell (Bengali: সিটিসেল) (Pacific Bangladesh Telecom Limited) is the first mobile communications company of Bangladesh. It is the only CDMA network operator in the country. As of August 2013 Citycell's total mobile subscriber base is 1.338 million. Citycell is currently owned by Singtel with 45% stake and the rest 55% owned by Pacific Group and Far East Telecom.
 Judgement Records is a record label started by Joe Nicolo after Ruffhouse Records was dissolved.Kris Kross followed Nicolo to his new label. Artists also included Ced The Co-Defendants and GOAT. Joe became “Joe the Butcher” around 1982 when editing tape for the late producer Ray Monahan who said: “You need a nickname.
 Ferretti S.p.A. (trading as Ferretti Group) is an Italian multinational shipbuilding company headquartered in Forlì which specialises in the design construction and sale of luxury motor yachts. Its products are sold under the brands Ferretti Yachts Custom Line Pershing Itama Riva Bertram Mochi Craft and CRN. Ferretti was founded in 1968 by Alessandro and Norberto Ferretti as a manufacturer of small boats and produced its first motor sailer in 1971.
 Glassport Motor Company (GSM) was a South African motor manufacturer based in Cape Town between 1958 and 1964. They produced the Dart and Flamingo sports cars. The name Glass Sport Motors is due to their use of fiberglass. GSM narrowly missed being South Africas first sports car maker beaten by the GRP Protea. A Dart Flamingo and Protea can be viewed at the Franschhoek Motor Museum in South Africa.
 Andahuasi (BVL: ANDAHUAC1) is a Peruvian company primarily engaged in agriculture sector. The company specializes in the cultivation and processing of sugarcane and fruit such as apples papayas pineapples and others. It commercializes and exports such products as sugar molasses bagasse alcohol liquors and others sugar derivates. In addition the company is involved in the livestock farming.
 Lanka Bell is Sri Lanka's 2nd largest fixed phone operator with an island wide digital wireless network.
 Flyte Time Records is the record label started by producers Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis. It is now part of Universal Records.
 Hokkaido Refinery is an oil refinery in Hokkaido Japan. It is operated by Idemitsu Kosan.
 Xishan Coal and Electricity Power Group Company Limited or Xishan Coal and Electricity (Chinese: 西山煤电) is China’s largest and the world’s second largest coking coal production enterprise. It is headquartered in Taiyuan Shanxi. It involves coal mining and processing coal mining machine manufacturing and electricity equipment repair.Its subsidiary Xishan Coal Electricity Group Company Limited (SZSE: 000983) was established in 1999 and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2000.
 Universal Studios Inc. (also known as Universal Pictures) is an American motion picture studio owned by Comcast through its wholly owned subsidiary NBCUniversal and is one of the six major movie studios. Its production studios are at 100 Universal City Plaza Drive in Universal City California. Distribution and other corporate offices are in New York City.
 Polton is a music record label established in Poland in 1983. It was one of the three (together with Savitor and Arston) better known Polonia-assisted Polish record labels.In 1990-1991 it was overtaken by Starstream Communications Group and eventually by Warner Music Group (Polton / Warner Music Poland) the latter eventually closed its office in Poland.[citation needed]
 Colombo Yogurt originated from a family business run by Rose and Sarkis Colombosian Armenian immigrants who lived in Andover Massachusetts. Yogurt was first commercially produced and sold in the United States in 1929 by the Colombosians whose family business later became Colombo Yogurt. The yogurt produced by the Colombosians was based on traditional Armenian cooking methods. The business saw growth in the 1960s due to the increased awareness of the health benefits of yogurt.
 TFR Records is an Electronica/Chill record label founded by Matt Fury based in the Raleigh North Carolina USA Metro area.
 Rushes Postproduction [sic] is a post-production and visual effects company based in London.It has a world wide reputation for producing commercial and pop-promo projects. The company was formed in 1977 and its staff have spawned many successful spin-offs including The Foundry Main Frame Nice Biscuits and Smoke & Mirrors.
 Bulova is a luxury manufacturer company of watches and clocks. Its headquarters is located in New York City.
 Diners Club International founded as Diners Club is a charge card company formed in 1950 by Frank X. McNamara Ralph Schneider and Matty Simmons. When it first emerged it became the first independent credit card company in the world and established the concept of a self-sufficient company producing credit cards for travel and entertainment. Diners Club International and its franchises service affluent and well-travelled individuals from around the globe with operations in 59 countries.
 Sentry Siren formerly known as Sterling siren is a Civil Defense Siren brand.
 Eventide Inc. (also known earlier as Eventide Clock Works Inc. or today simply Eventide) is an audio and broadcast communications and avionics company in the United States whose audio division manufactures digital audio processors and DSP software and guitar effects. Eventide was one of the first companies to manufacture digital audio processors and its products are mainstays in Sound recording and reproduction post production and broadcast studios.
 R3D Consulting Inc. is an information technology (IT) management and business process services (BPS) company. Founded in 1996 and headquartered in Montreal Canada R3D employs approximately 150 employees.
 IP Systems Ltd. is a consultancy and IT solution provider specialized for the liberalized European energy market. Its applications support the whole energy trading process from forecasting and nomination to allocation and accounting.
 Bobcat Company is an American-based manufacturer of farm and construction equipment part of Doosan Group of South Korea. Its American headquarters is in West Fargo North Dakota USA (formerly in Gwinner North Dakota - a site which is now strictly a manufacturing facility). Its European headquarters is in Waterloo Belgium. It was a subsidiary of the Ingersoll Rand Company from 1995 until July 2007 when it was sold for US$4.9 billion to Doosan Infracore.
 Chargoon (Persian: چارگون‎) is an Iranian software company founded in Tehran Iran. Chargoon provides web-based business software solutions mainly to medium-size and large-scale companies. Chargoon solutions comprise Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) as well as related software solutions such as Human Resources Management (HRM) and Customer Relationship Management (CRM).
 L&L Energy Inc. is an American company headquartered in Seattle Washington. It is in the business of producing processing and selling coal in the People's Republic of China.
 RetroSBK Inc. is an American company located in Camarillo California. RetroSBK designs and builds custom and retro-inspired motorcycles. Most notably RetroSBK-designed motorcycles are featured in the movie Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen as the three components of Arcee. RetroSBK closed in December 2011. Its founder went on to start Motorcycle Service Centers and WKKustoms.
 Zalman Tech Co. is a South Korean company that develops and provides aftermarket desktop computer products with primary focus on cooling enhancement.Zalman has done considerable product development since its 1999 founding and now holds several patents focusing on both cooling and fan noise-reduction. Personal computer systems can generate significant heat and noise the management of which is important for those modifying or assembling computer systems.
 The Christmas Aeroplane Company was an American aircraft manufacturer.
 SMS Holdings Corporation is a holding company for several companies which provide services to multiple industries including healthcare hospitality retail sports & leisure transportation and aviation. The headquarters are located in Nashville Tennessee.
 FANUC (/ˈfænʊk/; often styled Fanuc) is a group of companies principally FANUC Corporation (ファナック株式会社 Fanakku Kabushikigaisha) of Japan Fanuc America Corporation of Rochester Hills Michigan USA and FANUC Robotics Europe SA of Luxembourg that provide automation products and services such as robotics and computer numerical control systems. FANUC is one of the largest makers of industrial robots in the world.
 Thrush Aircraft is a U.S. aircraft manufacturer based in Albany Georgia. It currently manufactures the Thrush series of agricultural aircraft.
 Smokin' Joe's is an Indian chain of pizzerias headquartered in Mumbai India. It was founded in 1993 by Parsi entrepreneurs. Smokin' Joe's currently operates in number of cities in India.It has over 60 stores throughout India Smokin' Joe's primarily concentrates on pizza and pizza related products such as pizza sandwiches. The menu features both vegetarian and meat products. Besides pizza it also serves garlic bread open subs desserts salad and beverages.
 Mediterranean Shipping Company S.A. (MSC) claims to be the world's second-largest shipping line in terms of container vessel capacity. Yet because it has no stocks exchanged on the market it has no obligations to issue its budget certified by independent parties which therefore it does not; as a consequence the data MSC releases about itself are not verifiable.
 The Research Alliance is an international partnership of marketing research organizations. Formed in 1993 under the initiative of Marketing Sciences in UK the organization now covers 21 countries.
 Averatec (Korean: 에버라텍) was a South Korean laptop computer brand.
 The American Bank Note Company was a major worldwide engraver of national currency and postage stamps. Currently it engraves and prints stock and bond certificates. It is based in Fort Lee New Jersey.
 DigSin is a new model record label based in Nashville Tennessee. DigSin was founded in 2011 by author and music industry executive Jay Frank and is modeled on the idea of distributing free music to those who subscribe to the label. Short for Digital Single DigSin releases singles rather than albums.
 A Foreign Affair is an international dating and marriage agency which promotes 'romance tours' to Latin America Asia and CIS countries.The company was founded in 1995 and has arranged 445 tours and over 1000 'romance socials' since then. These romance socials involve ladies from the native country in question and visiting men on the tour usually from the USA.
 First Data Corporation is a global payment processing company headquartered in Atlanta Georgia United States. First Data is a provider of electronic commerce and payment solutions.
 Kershaw Cutter & Ratinoff is a personal injury and class action law firm located in Sacramento California. The firm has seven attorneys including its three founding partners William A. Kershaw C. Brooks Cutter and Eric J. Ratinoff. All three of its founding partners were named Northern California Super Lawyers in 2010 and 2011 by the Super Lawyers Publication.
 Service was an independent record label formed in Gothenburg Sweden in December 2001. The label's first release was Studio's The End of Fame. In May 2008 Service launched a new music subscription model called Service Coop. In January 2013 the label announced that it had shut down. Its final release was Jens Lekman's I Know What Love Isn't.
 Jadranski naftovod (JANAF) is a crude oil transportation company in Croatia. It operates the JANAF oil transport system a part of the Adria oil pipeline.JANAF operates oil terminal of the Port of Rijeka in Omišalj on the Krk Island. In 2010 the Port of Rijeka Liquid Cargo Terminal transported 6.4 million tonnes of oil representing a 7% drop compared to 6.9 million tonnes transported in 2009.
 The Maadiran group is an Iranian group of companies that handles the sales support and manufacturing of office equipment banking and electrical consumer products within Iran.
 Infrared Integrated Systems Ltd generally called Irisys is a privately held company based near Northampton in the United Kingdom. It claims to be a global leader in thermal imaging people counting technologies and real time queue management solutions.
 Telepizza is a pizza restaurant chain that operates in Spain some Spanish-speaking countries and in countries of the European Union. It was founded in 1987 by capital of Galicia and Madrid with the excision of the Galician part would be create Pizza Móvil in 1989. The company had factories in Guadalajara Barcelona Móstoles Alcobendas but were later sold and all the production is made at a factory in Daganzo de Arriba Madrid.
 Mouchel Group is a leading infrastructure and business services company headquartered in Woking United Kingdom. It operates in sectors including highways business process outsourcing water property housing education waste environmental and local government consultancy services in the UK and internationally. In August 2012 Mouchel delisted from the stock exchange and ownership moved to MRBL a company owned by Barclays Bank Royal Bank of Scotland Lloyds Bank and Mouchel's management.
 The Simmons Media Group is a media company based in the United States. The company owns AM and FM radio stations as well as outdoor advertising a travel agency and an interactive agency.
 Driftwood Estate is an Australian winery at Wilyabrup in the Margaret River wine region of Western Australia. Established by Tom and Helen Galapoulos in 1989 on what had previously been a country retreat the winery immediately received acclaim when its first wine a semillon produced in 1993 won a special commendation in a British competition. In 2009 leading Australian wine writer James Halliday rated Driftwood Estate as one of the best wineries in the Margaret River region.
 Cromwell Radio Group is a privately held radio broadcasting company based in Nashville Tennessee. They currently own and operate 22 stations:
 Gama Aviation is an executive air charter company based at Farnborough Airport in the United Kingdom.
 The National Breast Cancer Foundation (NBCF) is the leading community-funded national organization in Australia supporting and promoting research for the prevention and cure of breast cancer.Since the establishment of NBCF in 1994 over $105 million has been awarded to 370 research projects across Australia to improve the health and well-being of breast cancer patients.
 Peregrine Semiconductor (NASDAQ:PSMI) is a San Diego-based manufacturer of high-performance RF (radio frequency) CMOS integrated circuits. The company's products are used in aerospace and defense broadband industrial mobile wireless device test and measurement equipment and wireless infrastructure markets. Peregrine's UltraCMOS technology is a proprietary implementation of silicon on sapphire (SOS) and silicon on insulator (SOI) substrates that enables high levels of monolithic integration.
 Lifeguards Without Borders is an international non-profit organization made up of volunteer lifeguards and health care professionals who aim to reduce drowning worldwide through domestic and international training program development and research. It was organized by doctors Justin Sempsrott and Andrew Schimdt in 2006 and is an international division of the American Red Cross Volunteer Lifesaving Corps which has provided volunteer lifeguards to beaches in the United States since 1912.
 NTT Europe Ltd was founded in 1988 and has its headquarters in London UK with branch offices in many European locations. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of NTT Communications and is thus part of the NTT Group of companies.
 Logibec Groupe Informatique Ltd. is a company founded in 1982 in Montreal Quebec Canada. Logibec is among the fastest-growing North American companies specializing in the development marketing implementation and support of information systems for the health and social services sector.[citation needed] Since its acquisition of MDI Technologies Inc.
 X5 Music Group is an independent record label based in Stockholm Sweden with a branch in Manhattan New York. Founded in 2003 it is a digital-only label that primarily licenses pre-existing music for compilation albums. X5 originally focused on classical music and in 2011 its custom album The Greatest Video Game Music featuring the London Philharmonic Orchestra debuted at #23 on the Billboard 200.
 WeWOOD is a watch brand that manufacturers wooden watches. The brand was developed in 2009 in Italy and its trademark was registered in 2010 under the company name Fratelli Diversi. The headquarters of the company is located in Lamporecchio and a North American regional office is located in Los Angeles.According to WeWOOD the company plants a tree for every watch sold. As of December 2013 the company has planted 250000 trees in America and other countries where the watch is sold.
 Afrique Airlines was an airline based in Cotonou Benin. It was established in 2002 and operated scheduled passenger service between Benin and Paris in France out of Cadjehoun Airport until the end of 2003. In 2006 the company was officially dissolved.
 Players Music Accessories (aka Playersmusic) is a manufacturer and wholesale distributor of a complete line of premium band instrument guitar and percussion accessories.In 1976 formerly known in San Jose California as Tony's Music & Repair Players Music Accessories name and function change in 1983 (from retailer to manufacturer) has been in business for 25 years and has since been relocated to Mesa Arizona in November 2002.
 Arabesque Records is an American classical and jazz record label.Arabesque began as a classical music subsidiary of the Caedmon company. In 1988 Marvin Reiss and Ward Botsford bought the company turning it into an independent and continued releasing classical until 1992 when it switched focuses to jazz under Daniel Chriss's supervision.
 Perry Drug Stores was an American retail pharmacy chain founded in 1957 in the city of Pontiac Michigan United States. At its peak in the 1980s Perry operated more than 200 drug stores primarily in the state of Michigan as well as 200 Auto Works auto parts stores and fourteen A. L. Price discount health and beauty aids outlets.In 1995 Perry Drug Stores was bought out by Rite Aid a drugstore based in Camp Hill Pennsylvania.
 J. and G. Rennie was a British engineering company based in Millwall London England.
 Alderac Entertainment Group or AEG is a publisher of role-playing game board game and collectible card game products. AEG was formed by Jolly Blackburn in 1993 and is based in the city of Ontario California.
 Global Industrial Defence Solutions (abbreviated GIDS) is a private conglomerate in Pakistan that designs manufactures and exports various types of military industrial and technological products. GIDS represents group of companies in national and International marketers who are involved in research development delivery and support of leading edge industrial and defence system in the field of air land and sea.
 Fantasy Games Unlimited often referred to as just FGU is a publishing house for both table-top and role-playing games. They have no in-house design teams and rely on submitted material from outside talent.
 Nortel Networks Corporation formerly known as Northern Telecom Limited and sometimes known simply as Nortel was a multinational telecommunications and data networking equipment manufacturer headquartered in Mississauga Ontario Canada. It was founded in Montreal Quebec in 1895.
 Argentum Fondsinvesteringer is a Norwegian government enterprise that participates as a minority owner in private equity funds. The goal of the company is to stiumulate to create private equity investment groups in Norway develop high research competence and to receive high return of capital from investments. The company is based in Bergen and is owned by the Ministry of Trade and Industry. It was founded in 2001.Per 2010 the company had 16 employees.
 AboutGilmoreGroup is a multidisciplinary design and branding firm based in New York City. It was founded in 2003 by Arthur Gilmore President and Managing Partner Greg Tribbe. They specialize in branding design and media with a passion for developing experiences that are high-impact memorable and stimulating.
 Lutheran Health Network is the largest healthcare provider in the northeast region of Indiana in the United States with nine separately licensed hospitals and nearly 1000 licensed beds including 800 in Allen County Indiana alone.
 Sendio is an Newport Beach California-based e-mail security company. The privately held company was founded in 2004 by Tal Golan who currently serves as the company’s President and CTO. By using Sender Address Verification technology Sendio provides an e-mail security solution which stops spam viruses malware phishing attacks and unsolicited e-mail from reaching the e-mail inbox.
 Acrobat Records is the independent record label of American songwriter Matt Nathanson formed in 1993.
 John Varvatos is an international men’s lifestyle brand founded by John Varvatos which designs manufactures and retails high-end fashion. Varvatos has been recognized as “Menswear Designer of the Year” three times by the CFDA and named GQ’s “Designer of the Year” in 2007. The collection is distributed in 10 freestanding John Varvatos boutiques across the US as well as in high-end department stores throughout the world.
 Thinking Machines Corporation was a supercomputer manufacturer founded in Waltham Massachusetts in 1982 by W. Daniel Danny Hillis and Sheryl Handler to turn Hillis's doctoral work at MIT on massively parallel computing architectures into a commercial product called the Connection Machine. The company moved in 1984 from Waltham to Kendall Square in Cambridge Massachusetts close to the MIT AI Lab and Thinking Machines' competitor Kendall Square Research.
 Tissuemed is a medical device developer and manufacturer based in Leeds UK.The company was founded in 1985 and developed the first tissue heart valve (derived from pigs) to receive regulatory approval (CE mark) in Europe. This business was divested in 1999 and the heart values are currently sold by Vascutek a Terumo company under the Aspire brand.
 Hutchison Harbour Ring Limited (Chinese: 和記港陸有限公司) (SEHK: 715) is a holding company that focuses on the manufacturing and marketing of toys premiums telecommunication accessories and electronic products. Its products are mainly sold to the United States and Europe. It is a subsidiary company of Hutchison Whampoa one of the largest conglomerate companies in Hong Kong.
 Creative Loafing also known as CL Inc. was an Atlanta-based publisher of alternative weekly newspapers in the United States including several Creative Loafing titles which operated 1972–2012. The Atlanta Creative Loafing launched the career of best-selling author and American humorist Hollis Gillespie by debuting her weekly column Moodswing which first appeared in 2001 and ran for eight years.
 Carrefour Express is a supermarket chain owned by the French Carrefour Group and operating convenience stores in several countries.
 Sword Records Inc. is an independent record label based in Tokyo Japan. The label currently manages 4 bands; ALvino D'espairsRay DuelJewel and Vidoll.Sword was founded in 2007 after the dissolution of Sweet Child Records the label responsible for Luna Sea (management only) and D'espairsRay. Sword has a close relationship with many other record labels; Universal Music Japan has been contracted to distribute D'espairsRay and DuelJewel and Crown Records distributes Vidoll and ALvino.
 Brittany Ferries is a French ferry company that runs ships between France the UK Ireland and Spain.
 Bakers Square Restaurant & Pies (also known as Bakers Square) is a casual dining restaurant chain in the United States. Known for its pies Bakers Square also offers full breakfast lunch and dinner menus. The chain is owned by American Blue Ribbon Holdings. As of July 2011 there were 46 locations.
 Chrysalis Records /ˈkrɪsəlɪs/ was a British record label that was created in 1969. The name was both a reference to the pupal stage of a butterfly and a combination of its founders names Chris Wright and Terry Ellis. It started as the Ellis-Wright Agency.
 Dirgantara Air Service was an airline based in Jakarta Indonesia. It operated scheduled domestic services as well as charters and aerial work.
 Zimbabwe Airlink was an airline based in Zimbabwe operating in an alliance with South African Airways South African Express and South African Airlink on flights between Zimbabwe and South Africa using a fleet of Embraer ERJ-135 regional jets.[citation needed]
 Iran Software & Hardware Co. (NOSA) (Persian: شرکت نرم‌افزار و سخت‌افزار ایران (نوسا)‏‎) is an independently owned development and consulting corporation which provides software applications and support to businesses of all sizes located in Iran.
 Gallo Record Company is the largest (and oldest independent) record label in South Africa. It is based in Johannesburg South Africa and is owned by Times Media Group (formerly Johnnic Communications and Avusa). The current Gallo Record Company is a hybrid of two rival South African record labels between the 1940s and 1980s: the original Gallo Africa (1926–1985) and G.R.C. (Gramophone Record Company 1939–1985).
 TAC - Tecnologia Automotiva Catarinense is a corporation of capital closed established in 2004 in Joinville Brazil.
 AQ Interactive Inc. (TYO: 3838) was a Japanese video game developer and publisher. AQ stands for Artistic Quality. It was the parent company of the developers Artoon Cavia and feelplus and most recently the U.S. publisher Xseed Games. AQ Interactive and its subsidiaries produced games both under the AQ Interactive name as well as developing for other publishers such as Microsoft Game Studios and Nintendo.
 EVEN Hotels is a hotel brand concept created by InterContinental Hotels Group in 2012. The company aims to roll out the wellness focused hotel initially in North America with a target of 100 hotels in five years with the first in major U.S.
 Frankies's is a South African soft drink company based in Balgowan KwaZulu-Natal. It specialises in the production of niche soft drinks that have the same or similar taste to soft drinks from or before the 1950s.
 The Monarch Beverage Company Inc is a diversified international beverage company based in Atlanta Georgia. The company's CEO is Jacques Bombal. The company was founded in 1965 by Frank Armstrong. Monarch Beverage Company aimed to establish itself by offering lesser-known soft drink brands that had strong regional sales and appeal. Monarch Beverage Company purchased Dad's from IC Industries of Chicago in 1986.
 Ill Will Records was an American vanity record label founded by Nasir Nas Jones. The label was named after Willie Graham Nas' childhood neighbor and best friend was shot dead on May 23 1992 when both were teenagers. He launched the imprint in autumn 1999 with his fourth studio album Nastradamus.Ill Will had distributed the Bravehearts through Columbia Records and former artist Quan through Atlantic Records.
 Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream Holdings Inc. a subsidiary of Nestlé is a United States-based producer of ice cream and frozen yogurt founded in 1928 as Edy's Grand Ice Cream in Oakland California by Joseph Edy and William Dreyer. In 1947 the partnership was dissolved and in 1953 William Dreyer Jr. took over and changed the name to Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream.
 Disney comics are comic books and comic strips featuring Walt Disney characters.The first Disney comics were newspaper strips appearing from 1930 on. In 1940 Western Publishing began producing Disney comic books in the United States. The most notable American Disney comics books are Walt Disney's Comics and Stories and Uncle Scrooge.
 Facekoo is a social networking service created and designed by the FacekooInc. which targets the Chinese-Language market. It offers a unique way of face recognition system to connect each member in order to create a social circle. According to Alexa ranking its page views went beyond MySpace China for a while in November 2008 and December 2008.
 ANA Aeroportos de Portugal is the Airport Authority of Portugal. The authority manages various airports including Portugal's largest airport Lisbon-Portela. The authority has its head office in Building 120 on the grounds of the airport.
 Deutsche Babcock Al Jaber (Debaj) is an electro-mechanical construction and engineering services company based in Doha Qatar and it is currently part of the framework Bilfinger Berger Power Services.
 Azaleos Corporation was a Seattle-based American corporation. Founded in 2004 by Roger Gerdes and Keith McCall. Azaleos provided remote management for Microsoft Exchange Microsoft SharePoint and Microsoft Lync.
 Globus Hypermarket Holding (Globus SB-Warenhaus Holding GmbH & Co. KG) branded as Globus is a German retail chain of hypermarkets DIY stores and electronics stores.
 Donnet was a French manufacturing company of the early twentieth century. Founded as Donnet-Denhaut by Jérôme Donnet (formerly of Donnet-Lévêque) and François Denhaut at Neuilly-sur-Seine in 1914 the firm manufactured a highly successful line of patrol flying boats (the Donnet-Denhaut flying boat series) for the French Navy.
 PornerBros is a free ad-supported pornographic video sharing website which has been online since May 2007.PornerBros features a wide variety of niche content and currently holds about 70 different categories.The site is similar to many other free porn websites the difference being that PornerBros affirms all their videos to be 100% legal with sponsored and licensed content.
 Confounding Factor was a British video games company founded in 1997 by Toby Gard and Paul Douglas both of Core Design and based in Bristol UK. The company only released a single title during its lifetime called Galleon which went on sale in 2004 for the Microsoft Xbox console. The company disbanded soon after with Gard taking up a position with UK video game publisher Eidos.
 Soprole or Sociedad de Productores de Leche is a Chilean maker of dairy products. Under the Soprole brand the company markets yogurt milk pastries and butter.
 Space Coast Area Transit is the municipal bus system serving the Brevard County Florida area.
 Wessex Bus is a bus operator in the West of England. It is a trading name of Flights Hallmark.
 Captain Cook Memorial Museum is in Whitby North Yorkshire England 43 miles (69 km) north of York. The Museum is in Walker’s House which belonged to Captain John Walker to whom the great explorer Captain Cook was apprenticed in 1746 and to which Cook returned in the winter of 1771/2 after the First Voyage.
 Telkom Group Ltd. is a wireline and wireless telecommunications provider in South Africa and operating in more than 38 countries throughout the African continent. Telkom is a semi-privatised 39% state-owned company.
 Created in 1968 Sabena technics is a leading independent MRO provider offering services to civil and military aircraft operators. The group operates under the brands Sabena technics Barfield and Sabena technics training.
 Summon (formerly InstantCab) is a mobile application that matches customers needing transportation with a taxi driver or a personal driver who is willing to provide a ride. It is part of a group of Transportation Network Companies along with Uber Lyft and SideCar. Summon is currently is available in California in San Francisco Oakland Berkeley Emeryville and portions of the East Bay. [2]
 Intrepid Travel is a small group adventure travel company that offers approximately 800 scheduled itineraries in Asia Latin America North America Europe The Middle East Africa Australasia and Antarctica.
 de Passe Jones Entertainment (dJE) is an American entertainment content provider led by Suzanne de Passe and Madison Jones that sources develops acquires and produces a variety of television motion picture theater new media and print content.
 Congo Grille is a chain of family restaurants in the Philippines named for its African jungle-themed interiors. In contrast to the decor the cuisine is predominantly Filipino with a smidgen of Western and Chinese foods. The award-winning restaurant is also popularly known as The Sisig King for its recent achievements in a food feast celebrating the favorite Filipino dish. The chain has plans to build stores overseas especially in the United States.
 Azercell is a mobile telecommunications company located in Baku Azerbaijan.
 Sunferries is a ferry company based in Townsville Queensland.It operates both ferry services to Magnetic Island and Palm Island as well as charter and tour vessel services to the Great Barrier Reef.
 Community Environmental Center (commonly referred to as CEC) is a not-for-profit provider of weatherization services for low-income eligible buildings and green building and sustainability services for all types of organizations in the New York City region.
 Green Crescent (Arabic: الهلال الأخضر‎) is a non-life insurance conventional health insurance privately operated company in Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates. Started operations in August 2008 and listed in Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange in March 2009 with a share capital of AED250 million.
 Tabu Records is a Danish record label founded by the Danish group Suspekt in 1998 and is considered one of the major indie record labels in Denmark. On the 10th anniversary of the label a commemorative album was released in 2009 entitled Tabu Records 10 års Jubilæum including some of the best tracks released by a number of artists and bands signed to the label.
 Paperchase is an international chain of stationery stores which were established in the United Kingdom but has since expanded into Europe the USA and United Arab Emirates. As well as stand alone stores there are concessions in selected Selfridges House of Fraser and Waterstones stores and in Harrods.
 Full Sail Brewing Company is a craft brewery in Hood River Oregon United States. Founded in 1987 Full Sail was the first commercially successful craft brewery to bottle beer in the Pacific Northwest for retail sale and one of Oregon's early microbreweries. The first beer packaged was Full Sail Golden Ale followed in 1988 by Full Sail Imperial Porter Full Sail Amber Ale and Wassail Winter Ale.
 indiePub Entertainment Inc. (formerly Zoo Entertainment Inc.) is a publisher of video games based in Cincinnati Ohio United States.
 Gallaher Group is a major United Kingdom-based multinational tobacco company. It was traded on the London Stock Exchange and was a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index prior to its April 2007 acquisition by Japan Tobacco.
 Qualcomm Incorporated is an American global semiconductor company that designs and markets wireless telecommunications products and services. Headquartered in San Diego CA USA the company has 157 worldwide locations. The parent company is Qualcomm Incorporated (Qualcomm) which includes the Qualcomm Technology Licensing Division (QTL). Qualcomm's wholly owned subsidiary Qualcomm Technologies Inc.
 Grupo Abril (simply also known as Abril) is a Brazilian media conglomerate headquartered in São Paulo. The company is the holding company of Editora Abril which publishes the weekly newsmagazine Veja.Victor Civita an Italian businessman founded Editora Abril in 1950 which was the first publisher of Walt Disney comics in Brazil. He also published other comics and books. Gradually he developed magazines for specific markets.
 Veraz Networks Inc. is a provider of application control and bandwidth optimization solutions. With Veraz's Multimedia Generation Network architecture fixed and mobile service providers can create manage and transport application sessions across TDM and IP networks.Veraz is headquartered in San Jose California and has operations in Latin America EMEA APAC Russia and CIS.
 Eslite Bookstore (Chinese: 誠品書店; pinyin: Chéngpǐn Shūdiàn) is one of the largest retail bookstore chains in Taiwan. It also provides one of the largest English language publications and translation materials in Taiwan. Its headquarters are in Xinyi District Taipei.
 Fly My Sky is an offshoot of Mountain Air its a small airline based in Auckland New Zealand. It operates between Auckland and Great Barrier Island. The company is owned by Keith and Robyn McKenzie.
 Orange Records was a record label located in Mobile Alabama. It was started in 1959. It was a subsidiary of Sandy Records. Its artists included Jackie Morningstar Billy Clark and the Smith Brothers.
 EM News Distribution is a magazine and newspaper distributor which operates in Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. The company is a joint venture between Eason News Distribution and Menzies News Distribution (owned by John Menzies plc) and was formed in 2007 by the merger of their respective distribution businesses.Menzies News Distribution have experience in delivering over 4.5 million newspapers and 2.5 million magazines daily to 22000 customers.
 NALA Films is a film production and financing company the production arm of NALA Investments LLC.
 Musicraft Records was a United States based record label active in the late 1930s and 1940s.
 Right Angle Sports is a public American tipster that advises sports bettors on which teams to bet on. A sports information service makes predictions on the outcome of a sporting event by predicting the relationship of the true probabilities to the payout odds and recommends to their clients which games to then place a bet on.
 Robert W. Baird & Co. is the principal U.S. operating subsidiary of Baird an international employee-owned financial services firm providing wealth management capital markets private equity and asset management services to individuals corporations institutional investors and municipalities.With more than 2600 employees Baird has offices in the United States Europe and Asia and is one of the largest privately held full-service investment firms in the United States.
 CTV News is the news division of the CTV Television Network in Canada. The name CTV News is also applied as the title of local and regional newscasts on the network's owned-and-operated stations (O&Os) which are closely tied to the national news division. Local newscasts on CTV Two are also branded as CTV News although in most cases they are managed separately from the newscasts on the main CTV network.
 Obsession Telescopes is an American telescope manufacturer that specializes in Dobsonian telescopes. It was started in 1989 by David Kriege and is based in Lake Mills Wisconsin.
 Bankers Petroleum Ltd. is a Canadian oil company operating in Albania.
 FLY Leasing (FLY) is an aircraft leasing investment company. Its fleet comprises 110 aircraft mostly Airbus A320 and Boeing 737 aircraft. FLY does not manage its own fleet instead leases are managed and executed by BBAM a leasing management firm. FLY strictly focuses on the investment and return of the aircraft instead of carrying out day-to-day operations. As a result FLY has few employees.
 Omega Training Group Inc. was a company that provided analysis training development Interactive Multimedia Instruction (IMI) and integrated logistics support for defense-oriented programs. Omega provided products and services to United States Department of Defense agencies the defense industry and commercial clients.Headquartered in Columbus Georgia USA just north of the U.S.
 İDO Istanbul Fast Ferries Co. Inc. (Turkish: İstanbul Deniz Otobüsleri meaning Istanbul Sea Buses) was founded in 1987 by the Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality.
 Tivù sat is a free-to-air digital satellite television platform launched by the joint venture between RAI Mediaset and Telecom Italia Media and serving Italy Vatican City and the Republic of San Marino.The service has been marketed since 31 July 2009 and offers a satellite very limited alternative for many of those unable to receive the digital terrestrial television in Italy offering a limited version of free-to-air and free-to-view channels available on national television networks with a subscription card for Italian users purchasing a compatible receiver with Nagravision scrambling system.
 Zimbalam is a digital music distribution service founded in 2009. Zimbalam offers musicians and record labels the ability to sell their music through the main international digital retailers such as iTunes AmazonMP3 Play.com Rhapsody eMusic and major European mobile retailers. Zimbalam offers non-exclusive deals to musicians and labels who retain full rights to their music. Zimbalam customers retain 90% of their royalties
 Bingle Insurance is an Australian-owned car insurance provider. It is a part of the Suncorp Group a top 25 ASX listed company which includes Australia’s largest general insurance business by Gross Written Premium.Bingle was launched in 2007 and focuses on providing low-cost comprehensive car insurance for low-risk drivers. Its policies are sold completely online eliminating large overheads from the purchase process and cuts out the costly features offered by other insurers.
 Creightons is a manufacturer of consumer goods headquartered in Peterborough United Kingdom whose shares are listed on the FTSE Fledgling Index. It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1987. It manufactures and markets personal care and beauty products for the consumer and trade market.
 Gardner Denver Inc. founded in 1993 but with a history going back to the 1850s is a company that designs manufactures and globally markets engineered industrial machinery and related parts and services.
 National Tire and Battery (NTB) is an American brand of auto service centers. It was formerly owned by Sears until it was spun off in 2003.Sears created the brand in 1997 by consolidating the Tire America (TA) and National Tire Warehouse (NTW) brands adding the B to include its DieHard brand of batteries. Sears sold the brand which consisted mostly of stores set apart from its name brand stores in 2003 to TBC Corporation.
 Sentient Information Systems BV is a Dutch software provider specialized in data mining. The company was founded in 2001 out of the former Sentient Machine Research (SMR) and is located in Amsterdam.Sentient's flagship product is DataDetective a data mining platform capable of analyzing information from various domains. Users of this tool include several Dutch police departments hospitals insurance and media companies.
 Manufactum GmbH & Co. KG (formerly Manufactum Hoof & Partner KG) is a German retailer with nine full-sized stores in Germany and an online store that serves primarily Germany Austria Switzerland and the UK. The main focus of the company are household and garden goods made with traditional manufacturing methods (thus Manufactum) and materials. The company also sells cosmetics apparel and shoes computers bikes foodstuffs books and furniture.
 Teleprompt Records LLC is an independent record label that was formed in 2003 by producer Tedd T keyboardist and Mutemath vocalists Paul Meany and lawyer/manager Kevin Kookogey. The label was forged with the sole intention of promoting and distributing music for Meany's start up project Mutemath. The small label is based in Franklin Tennessee and has an exclusive distribution deal with Warner Bros. Records. New Orleans rock outfit Mutemath remains the only artist on their roster.
 Tequila Works is a video game developer located in Madrid Spain. It was established in 2009 by some of the former employees of Blizzard Entertainment MercurySteam Entertainment Pyro Studios Sony Computer Entertainment Europe and Weta Digital to develop video games. On January 18 2012 Tequila Works announced their first project in survivor horror's genre named Deadlight. The game was published by Microsoft for Xbox Live Arcade and Microsoft Windows.
 Air Alps (Air Alps Aviation Alpenländisches Flugunternehmen Ges.m.b.H.) is an airline with its head office on the property of Innsbruck Airport in Innsbruck Austria. It was an independent regional airline serving 10 cities in Italy from Milan and Rome international services from Milan as well as charter services. Its main base was Innsbruck Airport with hubs at Malpensa Airport Milan and Leonardo da Vinci Airport Rome. Formerly its head office was elsewhere in Innsbruck.
 EAS ('Ellinika Amyntika Systimata' or 'Hellenic Defense Systems') is the company formed by the merger in 2004 of the Greek state Defense Companies EBO and Pyrkal. When created tt was a major manufacturer with several factories and thousands of employees with a product range that includes most land weapons in use today as well as an established exporter to many countries in the world.
 EntirelyPets is a privately held online pet supplies company founded in 1999. Based in Union City California EntirelyPets sells non-prescription pet medications as well as other pet products such as pet toys pet treats and cleaning supplies and ships to all 50 U.S. States as well as internationally.They have been featured in TechMediaNetwork's list of top 10 online pet supplies retailers and they were featured on an episode of The View for their pet Halloween costumes.
 BG Group plc is a British multinational oil and gas company headquartered in Reading United Kingdom. It has operations in 25 countries across Africa Asia Australasia Europe North America and South America and produces around 680000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. It has a major Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) business and is the largest supplier of LNG to the United States.
 4 Digital Group was a media consortium in the United Kingdom. The group won the licence to operate the second national DAB radio multiplex as advertised by Ofcom in December 2006. The consortium led by Channel 4 Radio is a combination of the existing commercial radio operators and brands new to radio. The group said that they wish boost the up-take of digital radio in the United Kingdom in a similar manner to the growth of digital television since the introduction of Freeview.
 Whittman-Hart was a services company dealing with digital communications.
 DBZ Guitars is an American guitar manufacturer owned and operated by Jeff Diamant of Diamond Amplification along with partner Terry Martin.DBZ Guitars n/k/a DBZ/Diamond was officially formed in 2008 with their corporate headquarters and USA custom shop located in Houston Texas.
 The New England Business Journals Inc. is the Rutland Vermont based publisher of Valley Business Journal Champlain Business Journal and Rutland Business Journal.
 Children's Special Service Mission was the original name from 1867 of the organisation now called Scripture Union. Begun by Thomas 'Pious' Hughes and Josiah Spiers in Islington London this evangelical Christian movement was less formal than the Sunday Schools of the day and attracted children who in turn brought their friends.CSSM grew into an international movement that included missions in buildings and beach missions.
 Akamon Entertainment is a fast-growing developer and operator of social games focused in Latin-American and South European markets. The company offers multiplatform synchronous multiplayer casino and traditional games with a local approach via portals Facebook and mobile devices.
 Certisign Certificadora Digital S.A. is an Brazilian company based in São Paulo SP that provides PKI-based solutions to financial institutions governments and enterprises that increasingly utilize unsecured IP networks to link business processes exchange information and conduct banking and commerce transactions. Certisign also provides a variety of security and Consulting Services ranging from digital certificates Autenticatication and managed Digital Identity.
 FITT (Forum for International Trade Training) is a non-profit organization established in 1992 by industry and the Government of Canada as part of Canada's sector council initiative. FITT develops international business programs sets competency standards designs the certification and accreditation programs for the Certified International Trade Professional (CITP) designation and generally ensures continuing professional development in the practice of international trade.
 The Bank of America Corporation is an American multinational banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Charlotte North Carolina. It is the second largest bank holding company in the United States by assets. As of 2010 Bank of America is the fifth-largest company in the United States by total revenue and the third-largest non-oil company in the U.S. (after Walmart and General Electric).
 Hudson Boat Works is a racing shell manufacturer based in London Ontario. Founded in 1981 Hudson is currently one of the largest rowing manufacturers in North America. Hudson is the official boat manufacturer for the Canadian and American National Teams. In March 2007 Hudson began production of their Shark line of boats.
 Safeway is an American supermarket chain; it is the second largest supermarket chain in North America after The Kroger Company and has 1335 stores located throughout the western and central United States and 195 in northwestern Mexico as of January 2014. It also operates some stores in the Mid-Atlantic region of the Eastern Seaboard. The company is headquartered in Pleasanton California. Supermarket News ranked Safeway No.
 The New Zealand Shipping Company (NZSC) was a shipping company whose ships ran passenger and cargo services between Great Britain and New Zealand between 1873 and 1973.
 Voipfone is a UK (London) based Internet Telephone Service (VoIP) provided by iNetTelecoms Ltd which was founded in 2004 by Lee Rose. The company develops standards based VoIP telephony services using Session Initiation Protocol (SIP). As of 2013 the company had an annual turnover of £3.5 million.
 The NCWE (National Council for Work Experience) is a charitable organisation that promotes supports and develops quality work experience for the benefit of students employers and the economy.The main activities of the organisation are to disseminate information and good practice to encourage and support the development of quality and standards across all forms of work experience and to encourage more employers to provide placement opportunities.The NCWE seeks to work in partnership with organisations that have an interest with work experience issues in order to add practical value to their activities. 
 FITS Aviation (Pvt) Limited DBA FitsAir (formerly known as ExpoAir) is a Sri Lankan airline.
 The North Shore-LIJ Health System was founded in 1997 with the merger of the North Shore Health System and LIJ Medical Center creating a healthcare network that now includes 17 hospitals The Feinstein Institute for Medical Research rehabilitation and skilled nursing facilities a home care network a hospice network and progressive care centers offering a range of outpatient services.Headquartered in Great Neck New York North Shore-LIJ is the largest integrated health system in New York State based on patient revenue and the 14th-largest healthcare system in the United States. 
 Founded in 1954 by Ben G. Stone SCAFCO Corporation is a privately held company headquartered in Spokane Washington. Initially producing steel culvert for the construction industry as Spokane Culvert And Fabrication Company SCAFCO expanded in 1961 to manufacture grain storage systems and again in 1994 to produce steel framing products. The original culvert product division was sold in 1986.
 Associated Television International commonly referred to as the Associated Television or simply ATI is a media company that has been in business for over 30 years as a full-service production and distribution entity that is not only one of the top ten independent syndicators of original programming in the United States but also is a leading distributor in international markets and together with its video partners has sold millions of DVDs.Associated Television International has a presence in every aspect of media:Network televisionCable televisionSyndicated televisionHome video (DVD/Video on demand/IPTV)Media buyingProductionOperating out of their 66000 sq. 
 Kahn Design is a British-based engineering company that specialises in producing bespoke vehicles. Owned by Afzal Kahn with a factory in Bradford the company was originally incorporated in 1998 as A Kahn Design Limited. Initially the company designed and sold alloy wheels but in 2003 developed into car design modifications and traded as Project Kahn and subsequently into Kahn Design. As of 2011 the company employs 80 people including 20 designers.
 Freightquote is a privately owned online transportation broker of freight services throughout North America. Their business provides comparisons of shipping rates for hundreds of national and regional freight carriers. The company combines services and carriers coordinates logistics for small and large loads such as single pallets to full shipping containers moved by combinations of truck and rail.
 Philo Records was founded in 1973 by half-brothers Michael Couture and Bill Schubart to record and distribute folk and traditional music. Over the course of its nine-year history before its sale to Rounder Records in 1982 Philo produced roughly 100 albums of folk traditional and later jazz world and new music from a converted barn-studio in North Ferrisburg Vermont.
 Hiwatt is a British company who manufacture amplifiers for electric guitars and electric basses. Starting in the late 1960s together with Marshall and Vox Hiwatt contributed to the sonic image popularly termed British sound.
 Stan Mobile is a former mobile virtual network operator service based in the United Kingdom. They were based on the 3 network and offered mainly pay as you go SIMs although they also offered a rolling contract of £9.99 a month for one gigabyte of data.
 Boss Film Studios was a prominent American visual effects company founded by visual effects veteran Richard Edlund after his departure from Industrial Light and Magic producing visual effects for over thirty films from 1983 to 1997. Before that period Edlund had worked at ILM on films like Raiders of the Lost Ark (1981) and the original Star Wars trilogy (1977-1983).
 Time-Lag Records is an independent record label based in Portland Maine. It has released albums by artists such as Phantom Buffalo Elephant Micah Fursaxa MV+EE and the Bummer Road Death Chants Six Organs of Admittance Wooden Wand Charalambides Espers The Tower Recordings Drona Parva GHQ Big Blood and others.Time-Lag's releases tend to be in the acid folk psych folk and New Weird America genres.
 Cicli Pinarello S.p.A. (1952–present) is an Italian bicycle company in Treviso Italy. It supplies mostly handmade bicycles for the road track and cyclo-cross.
 HM Transport Inc. is one of the largest bus companies in the Philippines. It offers both provincial and city operations servicing routes from Metro Manila to Laguna province and vice versa. The bus company was named after Homer Mercado a bus operator who was believed to be a grand nephew of Filipino national hero Jose Rizal.
 Tar River Transit is the primary provider of mass transportation in Rocky Mount North Carolina. Service runs Monday through Saturday along nine routes.
 Scantraxx Silver is a Dutch record label and a sublabel of Scantraxx records. Scantraxx Silver hosts the artists A-Lusion Bioweapon and Scope DJ among others. Silver was founded in 2008 and is used to release various miscellaneous releases. Scantraxx Silver switched to a Digital Only method of distribution in the year 2010 and now releases songs exclusively to Hardstyle.com two weeks before they do to all other download portals.
 Andersen Press is a British book publishing company. It was founded in 1976 by Klaus Flugge and was named after Hans Christian Andersen. Random House has a holding in the company and has a strong association with Andersen.The first book on the list was Goldilocks and the Three Bears by the then newly discovered Tony Ross who wrote the popular children's series The Little Princess. The Andersen Press list now consists of over 1000 published titles the majority of which are still in print.
 Bell Laboratories (also known as Bell Labs and formerly known as AT&T Bell Laboratories and Bell Telephone Laboratories) is the research and development subsidiary of Alcatel-Lucent. Bell Laboratories operates its headquarters in Murray Hill New Jersey United States and has research and development facilities throughout the world. The historic laboratory originated in the late 19th century as the Volta Laboratory and Bureau created by Alexander Graham Bell.
 Nintendo Research and Development 2 (任天堂開発第二部 Nintendo Kaihatsu Dainibu) (R&D2) was a team within Nintendo that developed software and peripherals. R&D2 ported several of the Nintendo R&D1 and Nintendo R&D3 games over to the Famicom in the early 1980s.
 Rich & Cowan Ltd was a book publisher based at 37 Bedford Square London WC1.They specialized in literary books.
 Fall of the West Records (FOTW) is an independent record label based out of San Francisco California Oak Park Illinois and Amherst Massachusetts. FOTW started in May 2005 as a collective effort between Brian Van Slyke and Alex Felsinger after networking on the internet. Their releases consist of punk and folk punk bands from across the United States and Canada.
 As Seen On TV is a generic nameplate for products advertised on television in the United States for direct-response mail-order through a toll-free telephone number. 'As Seen On TV' advertisements known as infomercials are usually 30 minute shows or two-minute spots during commercial breaks. These products can range from kitchen household automotive cleaning health and beauty products to exercise & fitness products books or to toys and games for children.
 Advanced Cable Communications is a division of Schurz Communications providing cable television cable telephone DVR and broadband services to customers in the Florida communities of Coral Springs and Weston. Previously named Coral Springs Cablevision the company was purchased by Schurz in 1978 who changed the name to Advanced Cable Communications.
 Switzer Entertainment Group is an American independent film production and distribution company founded by Richard Switzer and based in Los Angeles California. The company specializes in genre films with well-known stars. They have multiple films in various stages of development.
 Cyprus Investment Promotion Agency or CIPA is the investment promotion agency of Cyprus. It is in charge of Inviting in FDI in Cyprus which is aligned with Cyprus's economic strategies and is engaged in cooperation with international economic organisations foreign investment promotion agencies chambers of commerce and business associations. The agency is a member of the World Association of Investment Promotion Agencies and ranked 5th out of 189 countries in the 2012 World Bank Report.
 Superkoora (Arabic: سوبر كورة) is a pan-Arab internet-based sports statistics portal that proved to be the most searched website in Google's 2008 Zeitgeist or annual report from Egypt. Superkoora was also the very first Arab website ever listed by Google. It is the largest statistics portal of its kind in the region and is fast becoming a sought-after data and information source for sport media.
 Morrison Facilities Services plc is a United Kingdom-based Public Limited Company that specialises in providing facilities services to private businesses and central and local government bodies. The core area of the business is the repairs and maintenance of social housing. Morrison is responsible for the maintenance of more than 400000 properties in the UK. It was a subsidiary of Anglian Water Group until Mears Group Plc bought this in November 2012.
 Royal Airlines is a charter and cargo airline based at Jinnah International Airport Karachi Sindh Pakistan.
 Viva Records was a record label started in 1966 as a subsidiary of Snuff Garrett Records. The records were distributed by Dot Records until 1971. From 1971 until 1983 they were distributed by Warner Bros. Records.
 Bumi Resources is a large mining company in Indonesia structured as a holding company. It is reputedly the biggest thermal coal producer in Indonesia and is majority owned by the Bakrie Group. Bumi Plc an holding company listed on the London Stock Exchange owns 29%.
 Wick Communications (formerly known as Wick Newspaper Group) is a family-owned community news company with 28 newspapers and 18 specialty publications in 12 states. The home offices are in Sierra Vista Arizona and it has newspapers in Arizona Louisiana Montana Colorado Alaska California North Carolina North Dakota South Dakota Idaho and Oregon.
 Sony Interactive was considered to be the name of Sony's premier electronics corporation. It was formed circa 1991 and created the My First Sony during that year. Its first holiday commercial involved children and the My First Sony. Sony Interactive eventually released the Sony PlayStation circa 1995.
 Felda Global Ventures Holdings Sdn. Bhd. (Abbreviation: FGV sometimes FGVH) is a Malaysian-based global agricultural and agri-commodities company. With operations worldwide FGV produces oil palm and rubber plantation products soybean and canola products oleochemicals and sugar products. Its initial public offering in 2012 was the second largest in the world that year after Facebook.It is the third largest palm oil company in the world by planted acreage.
 Sydbank A/S is one of Denmark's largest full service banks headquartered in Aabenraa. Sydbank was founded in 1970 with the merger of four local banks based in Southern Jutland: Den Nordslesvigske Folkebank (Aabenraa); Graasten Bank (Gråsten); Folkebanken for Als og Sundeved (Sønderborg) and Tønder Landmandsbank (Tønder).
 dV Giochi formerly Da Vinci Games is an Italian publisher of board games and card games.
 China Huiyuan Juice Group Limited (Chinese: 中国汇源果汁集团有限公司; pinyin: Zhōngguó Huìyuán Guǒzhī Jítuán Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī) (SEHK: 1886) established in 1992 and headquartered in Beijing is the largest privately owned juice producer in China. It is engaged in the manufacture and sales of juice and other beverage products. Its products include fruit juice and vegetable juice nectars bottled water tea and dairy drinks.
 WeMade Entertainment Co. Ltd is an online games developer and service provider based in Seoul South Korea. They are the creators of the Legend of Mir series of MMORPGs the two most successful being The Legend of Mir 2 and its sequel The Legend of Mir 3. Legend of Mir has attracted over 120 million users in Asia and generated over $65 million a month in revenue during its height.
 Stagecoach Gold is a sub-brand used by various Stagecoach bus subsidiaries in the United Kingdom.
 McCoy is a brand of pottery that was produced in the United States in the late 19th and 20th centuries.
 TransCentury is an infrastructure comprising power transport and engineering companies in the Sub-Saharan Africa region.
 The Borgo Press was a small publishing company founded by Robert Reginald in 1975 funded by the royalties gained from his first major reference work.The same year Borgo Press was founded Robert Reginald met Mary Wickizer Rogers a student at Cal State. They married the following year and together formed the backbone of the publishing company into the 1990s. Borgo Press specialized in literature and history reflecting the interests of its owners.
 Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services a NYSE MKT-listed company is a diversified financial services company with two primary business lines: one is independent brokerage and advisory and the other is investment banking and capital markets.
 Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. (MERS) is an American privately held corporation. MERS is a separate and distinct corporation found as a nominee in mortgages after the turn of the century and is owned by holding company MERSCORP Holdings Inc. MERSCORP Holdings Inc.
 Hyder was a Welsh water gas and electricity multi-utility and infrastructure company created in 1996. It broke up in 2001 following a financial crisis.
 Funnelback is both an enterprise search engine and the name of the company selling the technology. Funnelback is used by many Australian universities and government organisations to search for information on their websites intranets file-shares and databases.
 Pan American Silver Corporation is a mining company in Canada. The company has mines and other projects in the USA Mexico Peru Bolivia and Argentina.In 2006 the company extracted 709 tonnes of Silver 2.1 tonnes of Gold 59000 tonnes of Zinc 27000 tonnes of Lead and 5700 tonnes of Copper.
 Media.Vision (メディア・ビジョン株式会社 Media Bijon Kabushiki-Gaisha) is a Japanese video game developer best known for the Wild Arms series of role-playing video games.
 Tabu Productions was an American record label founded by Clarence Avant in 1975. The label Tabu Records focused on R&B and funk.
 Stagecoach Strathtay is a Scottish bus operating company which covers the Dundee and Angus areas and parts of Grampian. It is a subsidiary of the Stagecoach Group which bought Strathtay Scottish Omnibuses Ltd from Traction Group in 2005. Strathtay Scottish was formed in 1985 as a subsidiary of the Scottish Transport Group from parts of Walter Alexander & Sons (Midland) Ltd and Walter Alexander & Sons (Northern) Ltd.
 Stillborn Records is an American-based independent record label founded by Jamey Jasta of the band Hatebreed and primarily operated by Jay Reason of the band The Distance. Stillborn Records has released a variety of bands mainly focused in the genres of metal and hardcore. Stillborn Records is based in West Haven Connecticut United States.
 NEC Display Solutions is a manufacturer of computer monitors and large-screen public-information displays and has sold and marketed products under the NEC brand globally for more than twenty years. The company sells display products to the consumer business professional (e.g. financial graphic design CAD/CAM) digital signage and medical markets. The company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Japan-based NEC Corporation on March 31 2005.
 Hermes Group is a logistics company operating across Austria Italy Germany and the United Kingdom. The company operates subsidiaries within the countries it operates in.
 Plaka Pilipino was a recording company of Vicor Music Corporation from 1970 to 1981. It released work by famous local artists such as Pilita Corrales Yoyoy Villame and Didith Reyes. It focused on folk & native music.
 Sea Sonic Electronics Co. Ltd. is a computer power supply manufacturer and retailer formerly limited to trading as hardware OEM for other companies. They first made power supplies in 1980s for the Apple II and the IBM PC and are now known for highly efficient designs. Antec Corsair Memory XFX and other computer hardware companies sell power supplies which are rebadged or based on Sea Sonic units.
 AM:PM Records was the dance division of A&M Records Ltd in Great Britain. It was disbanded after A&M's owner PolyGram merged with Universal Music Group. It's currently relauched in the Netherlands as the dance label of Universal with releases by artists such as Afrojack and Tiesto.
 Snapplify is a digital publishing solutions provider that was launched in 2011 at the Frankfurt Book Fair. It is based in South Africa with offices in London and New York and partners in Australia Europe North America and Africa. Snapplify provide tablet and mobile applications as well as browser based web readers to publishers and content producers who want to sell their content digitally.
 Lam Eng Rubber Factory (M) Sdn. Bhd. is a Malaysian manufacturer of natural rubber.The principal activities of the Company consist of processing and manufacturing of rubber and transportation services.The Company's principal products natural rubber latex skim block and Standard Malaysian Rubber are manufactured at their main factory in Sungai Petani Kedah.
 Boryszew is a Polish public company listed on the Warsaw Stock Exchange and it is on the exchange's WIG30 index of largest companies. Parts of the Boryszew group are engaged in the production of components for the automotive chemical materials (including antifreeze) metals oxides and other metal elements. It is based in Sochaczew.
 The Lviv Insulator Company Ltd (Ukrainian: Львівська ізоляторна компанія L’vi’vska Izolja’torna Kompa'nija) is a Limited Liability Company established in 2002 and based in the city of Lviv Ukraine it is a sole producer of glass insulators in Ukraine. It is the runner-up producer of glass line insulators in the countries of former Soviet Union.The address: 301 Zelena str. Lviv Ukraine.Postal index 79066The short official name: LIC
 C C Land Holdings Limited (SEHK: 1224) is engaged in the manufacturing of packaging products and travel bags and property development mainly in Chongqing China.The company was formerly known as Qualipak International Holdings Limited. In 2006 its business was transformed to be a property developer through the acquisition of Chongqing Zhongyu Property Development Company Limited. In 2007 it changed its name to C C Land Holdings Limited.
 Ericsson (Telefonaktiebolaget L. M. Ericsson) is a Swedish multinational provider of communications technology and services. The offering comprises services software and infrastructure within Information and Communications Technology (ICT) for telecom operators and other industries including telecommunications and IP networking equipment mobile and fixed broadband operations and business support solutions cable TV IPTV video systems and an extensive services operation.
 The United States Fire Insurance Company of New York was an insurance company formed in April 9 1824 with a capital stock of $250000. The company grew to become an important provider of insurance nationwide before ceasing operations some time after the 1970s.
 Arap Türk Bankası A.Ş. was founded in 1977 and consist of 65% Arab ownership and 35% private Turkish ownership.
 Carnival Air Lines was a charter and scheduled airline division of Carnival Cruise Lines started in 1988 after Carnival Cruise Lines purchased Pacific Interstate Airlines. It was headquartered in Dania Beach Florida.
 Memorial Press Group based in Plymouth Massachusetts USA was a chain of weekly newspapers along the South Shore near Boston Massachusetts. Long owned by The Patriot Ledger in nearby Quincy MPG and its daily parent were sold to GateHouse Media in 2006.Today several former MPG papers still publish as part of Community Newspaper Company purchased by GateHouse at the same time. Many of the others were folded into former competitors published by CNC.
 L'Air Liquide S.A. or Air Liquide (French pronunciation: ​[ɛʁ likid]; /ˌɛər lɨˈkiːd/; literally Liquid Air) is a French multinational company which supplies industrial gases and services to various industries including medical chemical and electronic manufacturers. Founded in 1902 it is the world's largest supplier of industrial gases by revenues and has operations in over 80 countries. It is headquartered in the 7th arrondissement of Paris France.
 BWI Group also known as BeijingWest Industries is a supplier of brake and suspension systems. The company acquired the Chassis Division of Delphi on November 1 2009. The brake and suspension business lines were purchased for approximately $100 million. The company supplies to automotive motorcycle and specialty vehicle manufacturers. BWI Group is an international supplier with manufacturing facilities located in China Poland United Kingdom and Mexico.
 Antonov State Company (Ukrainian: Державне підприємство Антонов) formerly the Antonov Aeronautical Scientific-Technical Complex (Antonov ASTC) (Ukrainian: Авіаційний науково-технічний комплекс імені Антонова АНТК ім. Антонова) and earlier the Antonov Design Bureau is a Ukrainian aircraft manufacturing and services company. Antonov's particular expertise is in the fields of very large aeroplanes and aeroplanes using unprepared runways.
 TheLadders is a comprehensive job-matching service and employment website for career-driven professionals headquartered in New York City. The company helps professionals find the jobs and meet the employers that are right for their career goals. TheLadders initially launched in 2003 as a service for $100k+ job seekers but expanded its reach to all professional jobs in September 2011. As of July 2013 the site has more than 6 million job seekers and more than 43000 recruiters.
 EuroManx was an airline based at Ronaldsway Isle of Man which operated scheduled domestic passenger services as well as business charters. Its main base was Isle of Man Airport. On 9 May 2008 the airline announced that it was ceasing all operations citing rising fuel prices and reduced passenger numbers as the reasons.
 Meijer Inc. (/ˈmaɪ.ər/) is a regional American hypermarket chain with its corporate headquarters in Walker Michigan in the Grand Rapids metropolitan area; the facility has a Grand Rapids Michigan address. Founded in 1934 as a supermarket chain Meijer is credited with pioneering the modern supercenter concept in 1962. About half of the company's 200 stores are located in Michigan (Lower Peninsula only) with additional locations in Illinois Indiana Ohio and Kentucky.
 WonderWorks was an anthology series co-produced by The Walt Disney Company and PBS that made short made for TV movies out of acclaimed children's books.
 Anvato Inc. is an online video company that was founded in 2007 by Alper Turgut also the founder of Verkata LLC and Aligo Inc. Anvato provides a digital media management solution for television broadcasters.
 Nipro Corporation (ニプロ株式会社 Nipro Kabushiki-gaisha) is a Japanese medical equipment manufacturing company. Founded in 1954 the company is headquartered in Osaka and is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange and the Osaka Securities Exchange.As of 2013 the company has 58 subsidiaries in Japan Asia North and South America and Europe.
 Yemeksepeti is an online food ordering company providing the facility to place food order online from an affiliated network of restaurants without charging the user any extra fees. The company started operations in Turkey and expanded to the to 4 different countries in the GCC region; The United Arab Emirates Kingdom of Saudi Arabia The Sultanate of Oman and The State of Qatar.
 Acura is the luxury vehicle division of Japanese automaker Honda Motor Company's North American–based subsidiary American Honda Motor Company. The brand has been available in the United States and Canada since March 1986 marketing luxury performance and high-performance vehicles. It was introduced to Hong Kong in 1991 Mexico in 2004 and China in 2006.
 Operator Gazociągów Przesyłowych GAZ-SYSTEM S.A. is a designated natural gas transmission system operator in Poland.The company was established on 16 April 2004 as a wholly owned subsidiary of PGNiG under the name PGNiG – Przesył Sp. z o.o.
 Takasago International Corporation (高砂香料工業株式会社 Takasago Kōryō Kōgyō Kabushiki-gaisha) (TYO: 4914) is a major international producer of flavours and fragrances headquartered in Japan with presence in 24 countries worldwide and net sales of $900 million in 2006. Major competitors include Firmenich International Flavors and Fragrances Givaudan and Symrise.
 A1 Telekom Austria is a major Austrian mobile network operator. It has been operating commercially since 1994 and in testing since 1992. It launched under the name Mobilkom Austria and merged with Telekom Austria in July 2010 under the new name of A1 Telekom Austria.A1 Telekom Austria is a 100% subsidiary of Telekom Austria
 Acorn Stores was a chain clothing company in the United States. It was originally part of Michael L. Wallace Inc.
 H2O Networks was a British telecommunications company who were supposed to be rolling out Fibrecity around the UK. They were formally part of the i3 Group.H2O networks in their Fibrecity (Bournemouth) and Fibrecity (Dundee) guises ceased their builds in October 2010 stating that there would be a short delay due to company restructuring. Their installation contractors in both cities were laid off.
 National Citizen Service (NCS) is a non-military voluntary national service for 16 and 17-year olds in England. It was piloted in 2011 and from 2013 volunteers will pay approximately £50 to take part in the scheme. The scheme takes place in the summer autumn and spring. In all cases it begins with a residential visit to an activity centre which coincides with school holidays. This lasts for 4 to 5 days in the autumn and spring version.
 Wellington Partners is a pan-European venture capital firm with some € 800 million under management and offices in London Munich and Zurich. The firm invests in young companies throughout Europe mainly in the areas of technology life sciences and digital media (e.g. interactive TV gaming Web 2.0).
 Cavedog Entertainment or Cavedog was a video game developer based in Bothell Washington. Cavedog gained the attention of gamers and the gaming press alike with the 1997 release of Total Annihilation (TA) winning many accolades such as multiple Game of the Year honors or being one of The Greatest Games of All Time.
 Eventful is a web service which aims to help users search for track and share information about events. Eventful is a service of Eventful Inc. (formerly EVDB Inc.) from San Diego California. EVDB stands for Events and Venues Database and anyone may add information about events venues and performers.Yahoo!'s Upcoming was a competing service.
 Anteros Coachworks Inc. is an American sports car manufacturer based in California. The Anteros is based on the C6 Corvette and produces 500+ supercharged horsepower.
 D. E. Shaw Research (DESRES) is a privately held biochemistry research company based in New York City. Under the scientific direction of David E. Shaw the group's chief scientist D. E.
 Sumerian Records is an American independent record label based in Washington D.C. and Los Angeles. The label was founded in 2006 by Ash Avildsen who is also a booking agent and is managed by Shawn Keith. Fellsilent became the first non-US band to be signed to the label in 2008. The label made a deal with the video game series Rock Band to bring its music to Rock Band Network.
 Lenta is one of the leading hypermarket chains in Russia. Lenta today has 77 hypermarkets throughout Russia and employs 23000 individuals. Retail sales in 2012 was 109.9 billion rubles.Lenta prides itself in providing customers with high quality goods a large selection and the lowest prices on the market by eliminating the middleman where possible.Founded by Oleg Zherebtsov Lenta opened its first “Cash & Carry” store in St. Petersburg Russia in October 1993.
 GIB Group (Grand Bazar Innovation Bon Marché) was a Belgian conglomerate consisting of various retail and restaurant chains that existed until 2002. GIB Group owned GB (Grand Bazar) super/hypermarkets Brico (home improvement/DIY) Inno (department store) Quick restaurants (Belgium France Netherlands Luxembourg) Lunch Garden self-service restaurants Auto 5 car wash/service chain Nopri GIB Immo Christiaensen and Unic.
 Clermont Steel Fabricators (abbreviated as CSF and previously known as Southern Ohio Fabricators) is a private steel manufacturing company responsible for manufacturing Bolliger & Mabillard roller coasters. The plant is located in Batavia Ohio across Old State Route 32 from the former Ford Batavia Transmission. The company mainly manufactured commercial and industrial buildings but after being bought in July 2004 the focus was changed to manufacturing roller coasters.
 Wera Tools is the popular name for tool manufacturer Wera Werk Hermann Werner GmbH & Co. KG of Wuppertal Germany. It was founded in 1936.
 Idexx Laboratories Inc. (NASDAQ: IDXX) is a multinational corporation engaged in the development manufacture and distribution of products and services for the companion animal veterinary livestock and poultry water testing and dairy markets. Incorporated in 1983 and headquartered in Westbrook Maine Idexx conducts operations through 40 locations around the world and employs approximately 5000 people in full-and part-time positions.
 Great Northern Brewing Company is a traditional “gravity flow” brewery located in the northernmost block of downtown Whitefish Montana. The brewery opened in 1995 under the stewardship of Minott Wessinger the great-great grandson of Henry Weinhard. It is approximately 15000 square feet (1400 m2) and has a maximum annual capacity of 8000 barrels. Black Star a double-hopped golden lager is the brewery’s flagship beer.
 Eesti Gaas AS is the Estonian natural gas company which imports and sells natural gas and owns and operates Estonian natural gas transmission system. Eesti Gaas is owned by Gazprom (37.02%) E.ON Ruhrgas (33.66%) Fortum Oyj (17.72%) and Itera Latvija (9.85%).
 Richman Chemical is a chemical sourcing company founded in 1988 by Ed Richman Ph.D. located in Lower Gwynedd Pennsylvania.Richman Chemical provides project management custom/contract manufacturing and sourcing services to life science and chemical industry clients. Richman Chemical represents a wide range network of manufacturers on a project-by-project or client-by-client basis.The origin of the business model dates back to Dr.
 Videoton is a privately owned Hungarian company Contract Manufacturer (CM) the largest independent Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS) provider in the CEE region TOP 30 worldwide TOP 5 in EU according to the latest ranking of MMI
 Aubuchon Hardware is a hardware store chain in the northeastern United States consisting of 121 paint and hardware stores throughout Vermont Massachusetts New Hampshire Maine Connecticut and upstate New York.
 F-Secure Corporation (formerly Data Fellows) is an anti-virus cloud content and computer security company based in Helsinki Finland. The company has 20 country offices and a presence in more than 100 countries with Security Lab operations in Helsinki Finland and in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. Through more than 200 operator partners globally millions of broadband customer use F-Secure services. F-Secure Corp.
 Nigerian Breweries Plc incorporated in 1946 is the pioneer and largest brewing company in Nigeria. Its first bottle of beer STAR Lager rolled off the bottling lines of its Lagos Brewery in June 1949. Other breweries were subsequently commissioned by the company including Aba Brewery in 1957 Kaduna Brewery in 1963 and Ibadan Brewery in 1982. In September 1993 the company acquired its fifth brewery in Enugu state and in October 2003 its sixth brewery sited at Ameke in Enugu.
 Wiesmann GmbH is a German automobile manufacturer based in Dülmen Germany. The company was founded in 1985 by two brothers engineer Martin Wiesmann and businessman Friedhelm Wiesmann. The cars are manufactured by hand in Dülmen. The Wiesmann logo portrays a gecko as they claim their cars stick to the road like geckos to a wall.The company originally manufactured custom hard-tops for convertibles which they continue to do. The first roadster left the workshop in 1993.
 Rhodell Brewery is a beer manufacturer and brewpub based in Peoria Illinois United States which opened in 1998. The brewery has a frequently changing variety of beers on tap often featuring Scottish Belgian and American styles. In addition to serving the beers in the brewpub. Rhodell's is the only brewery in Illinois to offer brew on premises in which customers brew their own beer under supervision of the brewmaster. Cask ale is also served from a traditional English hand pump.
 Buycott.com is an Internet based smart-phone application that reads Universal Product Codes (UPC) and displays corporate relationships to the consumer. The consumer subscribes to various Buycott campaigns in an effort to avoid purchasing from corporate entities and their affiliates that endorse policies which conflict with the consumer's social conscience.
 Latigent LLC is an international provider of Business Intelligence Enterprise RSS and Call Center Reporting and Analytics software.
 PCC (Puget Consumers Co-op) Natural Markets is a food cooperative based in Seattle Washington. With over 49000 members it is the largest consumer-owned food cooperative in the United States. Both members and non-members may shop at the retail locations but members receive certain discounts. The organization currently operates nine retail locations. Five of the nine stores are located in Seattle (in the Fremont Green Lake Seward Park View Ridge and West Seattle neighborhoods).
 Extreme Networks is a networking company based in San Jose California that was founded in 1996. It designs builds and installs Ethernet computer network products for enterprise and carrier grade (metro) networks using the speed and scale of 10-gigabit Ethernet 40-gigabit Ethernet and 100-gigabit Ethernet.
 Yamaha Corporation (ヤマハ株式会社 Yamaha Kabushiki Gaisha) (TYO: 7951) is a Japanese multinational corporation and conglomerate based in Japan with a very wide range of products and services predominantly musical instruments electronics motorcycles and power sports equipment.
 The Kinki Sharyo Co. Ltd. (近畿車輛株式会社 Kinki Sharyō Kabushiki-gaisha) (TYO: 7122) is an Osaka Japan-based manufacturer of railroad vehicles. It is an affiliate company of Kintetsu Corporation.In business since 1920 (as Tanaka Rolling Stock Works) and renamed The Kinki Sharyo Co. Ltd in 1945. They have produced the light rail vehicles used by a number of transportation agencies.Kinki Sharyo is a listed stock on the Osaka and Tokyo Stock Exchanges.
 Fervor Records is an American independent record label based in Phoenix Arizona. Since its origin in 1990 this netlabel has issued releases featuring a wide variety of artists and genres from the 1920s through the present.
 Consolidated Rail Leasing is an Australian locomotive and rolling stock leasing company. It was formed in 2012 as a subsidiary of Southern Shorthaul Railroad. It was formerly known as BRM Leasing.As at February 2013 the operational fleet consisted of 4911 BRM001 and BRM002 which were manufactured at Southern Shorthaul Railroad's North Bendigo workshop in 2012/13.
 The Victor Talking Machine Company (1901–1929) was an American corporation the leading American producer of phonographs and phonograph records and one of the leading phonograph companies in the world at the time. It was headquartered in Camden New Jersey.The company was founded by Eldridge R. Johnson who had previously made phonographs to play Emile Berliner's Berliner Gramophone records.
 Balter Guth Aloni & Co. (a.k.a. BGA) founded in 1974 is one of the largest law firms in Israel. It has offices in Tel Aviv Jerusalem Haifa Tiberias and Beer Sheva.BGA is a member of Consulegis an international network of law firms. It holds a cooperation agreement with the U.S law firm of Herzfeld & Rubin.
 Three Rings Design Inc. is an online game developer that was founded on March 30 2001 by Daniel James and Michael Bayne. The company is named after the Three Rings of the Elves in Tolkien mythology and the names of the Three Rings show up in various places throughout Puzzle Pirates such as in the name of the developer flag Narya. As of November 17 2011 the company is part of SEGA Holdings U.S.A. Inc. a subsidiary of Sega Sammy Holdings.
 The Canadian Anti-racism Education and Research Society (CAERS) is a Canadian non-profit organization that tracks hate groups and extremism provides direct support to victims of racism and discrimination and lobbies government and governmental agencies for the development of effective policy and legislation to stop racism. The social justice law firm Rush Crane Guenther provides legal counsel. CAERS has been criticized for its tactics and financial practices.
 Pricelock provides fuel hedging for small and medium-sized enterprises by bundling the smaller orders and purchasing gasoline and diesel futures contracts contracts that trade in volumes of 21000 gallons per month or more.
 Wente Vineyards is a winery in Livermore California and holds the distinction of being the oldest continuously operating family-owned winery in California. The Wente Estate is registered as California Historical Landmark #957.
 JLA Group is a provider of the distribution rental and servicing of commercial laundry equipment commercial dishwashers and regulatory compliance tools. The company is the market-leading distributor of commercial laundry equipment in the UK with circa 30 per cent market share. Founded in 1973 JLA is based in Ripponden West Yorkshire UK.
 Cubicle 7 Entertainment publishes a range of critically acclaimed award-winning tabletop games (Roleplaying Card and Board games).
 Alfdex AB is a Swedish company that develops and produces separators for cleaning of crankcase gases in diesel truck engines.Alfdex is owned by the two public companies Alfa Laval and Concentric who are quoted on the Stockholm Stock Exchange.
 Aisin Seiki Co. Ltd. (アイシン精機株式会社 Aishin Seiki Kabushiki Kaisha) also known as Aisin is a Japanese corporation which develops and produces components and systems for the automotive industry. Aisin is a Fortune Global 500 company ranked 347 on the 2007 rankings. Aisin Seiki was founded in 1949 and currently supplies engine drivetrain body and chassis aftermarket and other main automotive parts for various major OEM's.
 Feronia Inc. is a public company listed on the TSX Venture Exchange in operation since 1911 as a large-scale commercial farmland and plantation operator in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (“DRC”). The Company uses modern agricultural practices to operate and develop its oil palm plantations and arable farming business division.Feronia’s oil palm plantations subsidiary is PHC - fr:Plantations et huileries du Congo.
 Oriflame Cosmetics S.A. (Luxembourg) is a cosmetics group founded in 1967 in Sweden by the brothers Jonas af Jochnick and Robert af Jochnick. The company sells personal care assessories and nutritional products. As of 2007 the company reported an independent sales force of 2242500 people. The company uses a multi-level marketing system to compensate distributors.
 Siri Music Group is an American record label which operates in association with E1 Music/E1 Distribution but originated under Universal Republic Records.
 Strom Products Ltd. was an American food manufacturer in Bannockburn Illinois best known for its No Yolks brand of cholesterol-free noodles made without egg yolks. Strom Products was acquired by Ebro Foods under its New World Pasta subsidiary in 2012.
 Fantawild is a chain of amusement parks located in various cities of China. The first park opened in the mid-to-late 2000s in Chongqing. As of November 2013 ten amusement parks operate under the Fantawild name with a further park currently under construction. The chain is owned by The Huaqiang Group.
 Silk Way Airlines is a cargo airline with its head office and flight operations on the property of Heydar Aliyev International Airport in Baku Azerbaijan. The company was founded in 2001 (with the launch of commercial flights on 6 October) and offers freight services linking Europe to Asia; the airline's name refers to the historical Silk Road trading route between the two continents.
 plasq is an international software limited liability company comprising software developers and user interface designers from the United States Australia Switzerland Norway and France. They primarily develop for Mac OS X and iOS however a Microsoft Windows version of Comic Life is available.
 . Avior Airlines is an airline based in Barcelona Anzoátegui Venezuela. It operates scheduled and charter services within Venezuela and the southern Caribbean as well as Miami out of its base at Generál José Antonio Anzoátegui International Airport.
 Union Minerals and Alloys Corporation is a United States corporation that ran a shipbreaking operation. In the 1960s and 1970s it purchased from the United States Maritime Administration many surplus U.S. Navy and U.S. Merchant Marine ships from World War II for scrapping.The company scrapped USS Siboney an escort carrier which featured in the ending of the 1973 Clint Eastwood movie Magnum Force while it was moored in Suisun Bay California.
 Al Gamil is a privately held company based in Djibouti City Djibouti.
 Çalik Enerji is a Turkish energy company of the Çalık Holding which was established in 1998. The main areas of operations include: oil and gas exploration production transportation and distribution; power generation transmission and distribution; power design and engineering; telecommunications services.Çalik Enerji has oil and gas exploration and production activities in Turkey Iraq Afghanistan Azerbaijan and Turkmenistan (notably in the Ýolöten Gas Field).
 Mabe is a Mexican-owned Mexican-based global company which designs produces and distributes appliances to more than 70 countries around the world. The company was incorporated in 1946 by Egon Mabardi and Francisco Berrondo in Mexico City. Mabe was initially dedicated to manufacture kitchen furniture. In the 1950s Mabe began manufacturing various appliances such as gas ranges and refrigerators.
 Roadrunner Records is an American record label that concentrates primarily on metal bands. It is a subsidiary of Warner Music Group. It is based in New York.
 Q-Park is an operator of parking garages in Belgium Denmark Germany Finland France Ireland the Netherlands Norway the United Kingdom and Sweden. Q-Park is the number two on the European parking market. In total Q-Park controls 800000 parking spaces on more than 3500 locations. The company is based in Maastricht.In the Netherlands Q-Park is the largest private exploitant of parking spaces and controls more than 220 public parking lots and 76 park and rides near railway stations.
 Bundesdruckerei (Federal printer) is a German manufacturer for banknotes stamps identity cards passports visas driving licences and vehicle registration certificates.It was founded as Reichsdruckerei (Reich printer) in 1879 and existed under this name until 1945. In 1951 it became Bundesdruckerei. It expanded into multiple security-related fields after being privatized in 2000. In 2009 it became a state owned enterprise again.
 The Chicken House is a brand of Scholastic Corporation specialising in children's fiction.Founded in 2000 by Barry Cunningham and Rachel Hickman as Chicken House Publishing it was bought by Scholastic in 2005. It has introduced many new successful authors including Cornelia Funke Roderick Gordon and Brian Williams Kevin Brooks Lucy Christopher and Rachel Ward.
 Portland Communications Ltd is a political consultancy and public relations agency set up in 2001 by Tim Allan a former adviser to Tony Blair and Director of Communications at BSkyB.Portland provides communications and public affairs advice to top brands and high-profile individuals. Portland's website states that Our team is recruited from the highest levels of the media politics and government.
 The Central West Virginia Transportation Authority known by the moniker of Centra Bus is a public transportation service located in Harrison County West Virginia. It provides rural and inter-city bus and paratransit service to select communities within the county.
 Nations Trust Bank PLC is a bank in Sri Lanka.Nations Trust Bank has over 40 branches 9 leasing centres 43 ATMS and 6 personal banking centres as well as a wide range of automated channels which customers can access 24/7. Nation Trust Bank is part of John Keells Holding in Sri Lanka.
 Leonard Green & Partners L.P. (LGP) is a private equity firm based in Los Angeles United States with over $15 billion of private equity capital raised since inception. The firm specializes in leveraged buyout transactions particularly of middle market companies. On May 30 2012 Leonard Green & Partners L.P. announced the closing of the firm’s sixth private equity investment fund Green Equity Investors VI L.P. (“GEI VI”) with $6.25 billion of committed capital.
 Busted Heads Records was an independent record label operating between 1997 and 2004 in Umeå Sweden. It released records by both local and worldwide punk and hardcore bands.The label was run by Christoffer Röstlund Jonsson then bass player with DS-13 later music journalist for Aftonbladet and Close-Up Magazine currently member of AC4. Many of the original releases have been reissued by other international labels including Havoc Records.
 Compo Company Ltd. was Canada's first independent record company.The Compo Company was founded in 1918 in Lachine Quebec by Herbert Berliner an executive of Berliner Gramophone of Canada and the oldest son of disc record inventor Emile Berliner.Compo was created to serve the several American independent record companies such as Okeh Records which wanted to distribute records in Canada. Its initial business was pressing records in Canada for these companies.
 The DDR is a sports car manufactured by DDR Motorsport Miami Inc. in Miami Florida United States. The design is mid engined rear wheel drive layout with a tubular steel space frame chassis and composite body.DDR Motorsport was founded in 2001 by Diego Grullón. DDR make his debut launching the DDR SP4 Sport Prototype 4 cylinder in the 2005 Knott's Berry Farm kit car show in California. The vehicle currently demonstrated by DDR Motorsport is the Miami GT.
 CancerVax was an American pharmaceutical company founded in 1998 by Donald Morton. The company sought to develop a vaccine for cancer and had candidates for melanoma reach phase III clinical trials. When those trials proved unsuccessful in 2005 the company soon underwent a reverse takeover with Micromet.
 Many of the Tribal offices rebranded during 2013 to 'Tribal Worldwide' followed by the country name eg Tribal Worldwide London. Tribal DDB is a worldwide network of interactive agencies established in 2000 when the advertising company DDB integrated all its interactive-web properties under the Tribal brand. Tribal DDB Worldwide is part of Omnicom Group's DDB Worldwide.
 Please refer to the overview article Vickers for other companies known by this nameVickers Limited was a significant British engineering conglomerate that merged into Vickers-Armstrongs in 1927.
 MarkMonitor Inc. is an American software company founded in 1999. It develops software intended to protect corporate brands from Internet counterfeiting fraud piracy and cybersquatting. It also develops and publishes reports on the prevalence of brand abuse on the Internet. MarkMonitor acquired AllDomains in 2001 and DtecNet in 2010. MarkMonitor was then purchased by Thomson Reuters in 2012.
 Dynamit Nobel AG is a German chemical and weapons company whose headquarters was in Troisdorf. It was founded in 1865 by Alfred Nobel.
 MMG Worldwide is a global marketing communications firm that was founded in 1981 and has grown to be the largest advertising and communications company that specializes in hospitality travel and entertainment in the United States. MMG Worldwide has offices in New York Kansas City Fort Collins Colorado St Louis and Miami. The home office is located in Kansas City Missouri just off the Country Club Plaza.
 Arcen Games is a small video game company founded in March 2009 by Christopher M. Park – CEO Lead Programmer and Lead Designer – as a North Carolina Limited Liability Company.Arcen Games is best known for its real time strategy game AI War: Fleet Command and its expansions AI War: The Zenith Remnant AI War: Children of Neinzul AI War: Light of the Spire and AI War: Ancient Shadows.
 OAO TMK (Russian: OAO Трубная Металлургическая Компания; English: Pipe Metallurgical Co. OJSC) (LSE: TMKS and MCX: TRMK) is a Russian producer of steel pipes for the oil and gas sector. It produces pipe grades used in the oil and gas sector the chemical and petrochemical industries for construction and housing shipbuilding aviation as well as for space industry needs and applications.
 Loews Hotels is a luxury hospitality company that owns and/or operates 20 hotels in the U.S. and Canada. Loews’ hotels and resorts are located in major North American city centers and resort destinations and one Canadian province. The company is known for its travel programs such as Loews Loves Kids (for families) and Loews Loves Pets (for guests traveling with pets). Loews’ newest hotels are located in Boston Hollywood and Washington D.C.
 Siemens Mobile was a mobile phone manufacturer and a division of Siemens AG. Siemens sold Siemens Mobile to the Taiwan-based BenQ in 2005 which subsequently became BenQ-Siemens. The last Siemens mobile phones the AL21 A31 and AF51 were released in November 2005.
 GrammaTech is a software-development tools vendor based in Ithaca New York. The company was founded in 1988 as a technology spin-off of Cornell University. Its tools are used worldwide by Fortune 500 companies educational institutions government agencies and startups.
 DrayTek (Traditional Chinese: 居易科技) is a manufacturer of broadband equipment including firewalls VPN devices routers and wireless LAN devices. The company was founded in 1997 by a team of experienced engineers who decided to form their own company and create what they feel are superior network products. Their earliest products included ISDN based solutions the first being the ISDN Vigor128 a USB terminal adaptor for Windows and Mac OS.
 AMAG Automobil- und Motoren AG is a Swiss car importer and dealer for Audi Volkswagen Skoda SEAT and until about mid-2008 Porsche cars founded on January 3 1945 by Walter Haefner.
 IES Ltd. (IES) Ltd. is a supply chain management software company that develops software for freight forwarders customs brokers 3PLs importers exporters NVOCCs and other intermediaries to submit entries to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Canada Border Services Agency and other agencies.Customers include Kühne + Nagel Crowley Maritime FedEx. IES was acquired by The Descartes Systems Group Inc. on June 15 2012.
 IvyWise is a for-profit New York-based firm of educational consultants that assists students pursuing admission to college. IvyWise counselors also work with students applying to nursery school elementary school high school/boarding school and graduate or professional schools.IvyWise was founded in 1998 by Dr. Katherine L. Cohen.
 Texas Roadhouse is an American chain restaurant that specializes in steaks and promotes a Western theme. Texas Roadhouse Corporation is headquartered in Louisville Kentucky. The chain operates about 400 (July 2013) locations in 46 states. It is known for its free buckets of peanuts at each table. However they are better known for their rolls.
 Wild Well Control is a well control company based in Houston Texas that has worked to mitigate several high profile well control issues including the Kuwaiti oil fires and the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.According to its website it has responded to 2700 well control and pressure control events including the majority of the large international well control emergencies.It is a subsidiary of Superior Energy Services.
 LaRosa's Pizzeria is a chain of pizzerias serving neighborhoods throughout the Cincinnati Northern Kentucky Southeast Indiana and Greater Dayton areas. It was founded in 1954 by Donald Buddy LaRosa along with partners Richard Muzzie Minella Mike Soldano and Frank Head Serraino.
 Owens-Illinois Inc. is a Fortune 500 company that specializes in container glass products. It is one of the world's leading manufacturers of packaging products holding the position of largest manufacturer of glass containers in North America South America Asia-Pacific and Europe (after acquiring BSN Glasspack in 2004 ). Approximately one of every two glass containers made worldwide is made by O-I its affiliates or its licensees.
 Tonfön is a Tongan telecommunications company founded in 2002 by its chairman (at that time Crown Prince) Tupoutoʻa. It operates as a division of the Shoreline Group of Companies.
 Slick Airways was a cargo airline from the United States that operated scheduled and chartered flights between 1946 and 1966.
 Monster Games Inc. is an independent video game development studio in Northfield Minnesota USA that specializes in racing games. The company was founded in 1996.
 This is a list of The Walt Disney Company's Executive Management Team both present and historical.
 Mastertronic was originally a publisher and distributor of low-cost computer game software founded in 1983. Their first games were distributed in mid-1984. At its peak the label was the dominant software publisher in the UK a position achieved by selling cassette-based software at the GB£1.99 and £2.99 price-points.
 The Sterile Records record label was formed in London in 1979 by Nigel Ayers and Caroline K of the post-industrial music group Nocturnal Emissions. With a background in the mail art networks their intention was to create and promote a new form of music. Sterile Records’ approach was a combination of the experiments of musique concrète and Fluxus combined with the critical eye of conceptual art and the spontaneity and energy of punk rock.
 Games Distillery is a video game developer based in Bratislava Slovakia. It was founded by members of defunct company 10tacle Studios Slovakia that worked on a cancelled game Elveon.
 Anchor Brewing Company is an American alcoholic beverage producer operating a brewery and distillery on Potrero Hill in San Francisco California. The brewery was founded in 1896 and was purchased by Frederick Louis Maytag III in 1965 saving it from closure. It moved to its current location in 1979. It is one of the last remaining breweries to produce California common beer also known as Steam Beer a trademark owned by the company.
 The Hamriyah Free Zone is a free zone in the city of Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates. Established by an Emiri decree in November 1995 the Free Zone is 24 square kilometers in size and has a 14 meter deep port.
 Taiyo Yuden Co. Ltd. (太陽誘電株式会社 Taiyō Yūden Kabushiki-gaisha translated as Sun Dielectric Co. Ltd.) is a Japanese materials and electronics company situated in Ueno Taito Tokyo that helped pioneer recordable CD technology (CD-R) along with Sony and Philips in 1988. Founded 60 years ago Taiyo Yuden currently operates factories in Japan Singapore Korea China the Philippines Taiwan Malaysia and Thailand.
 Aichi Steel (愛知製鋼 Aichi Seikō); TYO: 5482) is a Japanese steel manufacturer. It is a member of the Toyota Group.
 Aethlon Medical Inc. public company based in San Diego California and trades over-the-counter on the OTCBB under the ticker symbol AEMD. Aethlon develops medical devices to address infectious disease and cancer by filtering harmful substances from the blood including viruses and immune-suppressing proteins.
 The Lanchester Motor Company Limited was a car manufacturer located until early 1931 at Armourer Mills Montgomery Street Sparkbrook Birmingham and afterwards at Sandy Lane Coventry England. Lanchester was purchased by the BSA Group at the end of 1930 and after that its cars were made by Daimler on Daimler's Coventry sites. So with Daimler Lanchester became part of Jaguar Cars in 1960.
 For the U.S. Coast Guard cutter see USCGC Storis.STORIS Inc. or STORIS is a privately owned American company that provides Omni-channel retail business software to the home furnishing retailing industry. STORIS' clients consist of retailers who operate Ethan Allen Ashley Bassett and Mattress Firm showrooms. Additionally other top 100 retailers such as Badcock Home Furniture Arhaus Mathis Brothers and American Furniture Warehouse are part of the STORIS client network.
 NXTP Labs is an acceleration program with an early-stage fund founded in 2011 in Buenos Aires Argentina by Ariel Arrieta Marta Cruz Martín Hazan Gonzalo Costa and Francisco Coronel. The company is a member of Techstars' Global Accelerator Network and focuses mostly on technology startups in Latin America looking for seed funding and consulting services.
 Six Point Harness (6PH) is a Los Angeles based animation studio that develops and produces animated television programming feature films commercial music videos and web based content.
 T-Mobile UK is a joint French and German-owned mobile network and mobile broadband operator in the United Kingdom. It is owned and operated by EE the UK's largest mobile network.
 Stroud & Swindon Building Society was the 10th largest building society in the United Kingdom with headquarters in Stroud Gloucestershire and total assets of £2.7 billion as at 31 December 2009.
 J.C.Staff Co.Ltd. (株式会社ジェー・シー・スタッフ Kabushiki-gaisha Jē Shī Sutaffu) is a Japanese animation studio founded in January 1986 by Tomoyuki Miyata who previously worked at Tatsunoko Production. Their first release was Yōtōden in 1987.
 Spencer Gifts LLC. commonly referred to as Spencer's is a North American mall retailer.Spencer Gifts has stores in the United States Canada and Puerto Rico.The retailer offers rock and roll clothing custom t-shirts band merchandise Playboy decor and apparel sex toys traditional and newer gag gifts room decor collectable figures fantasy and horror items. It also offers a large selection of fashion and body jewelry.
 Spell Capital Partners is based in Minnesota and specialize in the management of private equity and mezzanine capital. The current President William Spell founded the company in 1988.Since it’s foundation the firm raised a total of $467 million in capital and in 2013 had successfully completed over 80 acquisition transactions.
 Zero Point Zero Production is a production company located in New York City in the United States. It was founded by executive producers Chris Collins and Lydia Tenaglia in 2003 with partner and managing director Joe Caterini joining in 2009. It has produced television in 80 countries. In 2009 it began an expansion into other media and content platforms including interactive entertainment publishing and digital media.
 Mooks is an Australian streetwear clothing brand founded in 1991. Design influences include manga Japanese baseball American college sport and skater culture. In 2007 Mooks was acquired by the Pacific Brands conglomerate from Globe International.According to the company Mook is old New York slang for a hipster a hustler a wiseguy or even a fool.
 Northern Gas Networks Limited is the British company responsible for distributing gas to homes and businesses across Yorkshire the North East and northern Cumbria England. Northern Gas Networks Limited is one of 4 main gas suppliers and 8 gas distribution networks in the United Kingdom.The consortium which owns Northern Gas Networks Limited was successful in acquiring the North of England Distribution Network (DN) from National Grid and took over the control of the assets on 1 June 2005.
 The American Bureau of Shipping (ABS) is a classification society with a mission to promote the security of life property and the natural environment primarily through the development and verification of standards for the design construction and operational maintenance of marine-related facilities.
 Scientific Ecology Group Inc. located in Oak Ridge Tennessee was founded by H.W.(Bud) Arrowsmith in 1985. It quickly grew to become the leading radioactive waste processor in the United States employing 1400 personnel at its largest. Treatment technologies included supercompaction incineration vitrification and metal melt.In 1997 GTS Duratek acquired Scientific Ecology Group.
 Pantheon is a leading global private equity fund investor operating through a series of fund of funds as well as a publicly traded private equity vehicle Pantheon International Participations. Pantheon manages regional primary investments global secondary and infrastructure investments and customised separate account programmes.Pantheon has 180 employees with over US$23.6 billion in assets under management. The firm has operated as a subsidiary of Affiliated Managers Group Inc.
 inContact Inc. (NASDAQ: SAAS) is a provider of on-demand contact center software.
 ASTA Linhas Aéreas is a domestic airline based in Cuiabá Brazil founded in 2009 that operates regular charter flights.
 Bribie Island Coaches is an Australian operator of bus services on Bribie Island. It operates five services under contract to the Government of Queensland under the TransLink banner.
 Regaltip is one of the world largest manufacturers of drum sticks and other percussion mallets. They produce a range of beaters but are particularly noted as a manufacturer of premium steel brushes and of nylon tipped drumsticks.In 1958 drummer Joe Calato introduced his invention of the nylon tip drumstick to improve the longevity of sticks. Joe opened a factory to produce and ship sticks worldwide.
 Discovery Records was a United States-based record label known for its recordings of jazz music.Discovery was founded in 1948 by jazz fan and promoter Albert Marx. Marx recorded such jazz notables as Dizzy Gillespie Red Norvo and Charlie Mingus for issue on his Discovery label headquartered in Hollywood California. Marx acquired the back-catalogues of Musicraft Records and Trend Records and reissued them on Discovery through the 1980s.
 Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation (French: Société des loteries et des jeux de l'Ontario) known for corporate branding purposes simply as OLG since 2006 is a Crown Corporation of the Government of Ontario Canada. It is responsible for the province's lotteries charity and Aboriginal casinos commercial casinos and slot machines at horse-racing tracks.
 CambridgeSoft was a cheminformatics software company based in Cambridge Massachusetts USA. The company was founded in 1986 by Stewart Rubenstein then a graduate student in chemistry at Harvard University and ended operations as an independent company in 2011. The historical main product is the molecule editor ChemDraw often sold as part of the ChemOffice suite of programs. In 2011 CambridgeSoft was sold to PerkinElmer a laboratory instruments company.
 Songa Offshore SE is a Norwegian-Cypriot offshore drilling contractor founded in 2005 with offices in Cyprus Stavanger Oslo Houston Kuala Lumpur and Singapore.
 Genmab A/S is a Danish biotechnology company founded in February 1999 by BankInvest Biomedical venture fund lead by Florian Schönharting. Genmab is based in Copenhagen. Internationally it operates through the subsidiaries Genmab BV in Utrecht The Netherlands and Genmab Inc in Princeton New Jersey USA. The Company is publicly traded on the NASDAQ OMX Copenhagen A/S.
 Cifesa is the acronym for Compania Industrial Film Espanola a noted Spanish film studio. They have released such films as Don Quijote de la Mancha (1947) and the 1954 film version of El alcalde de Zalamea as well as being responsible for the Spanish release of some Hollywood films. Notable stars include Florián Rey Benito Perojo Imperio Argentina and Miguel Ligero.
 Flyglinjen is a regional airline based in Jönköping Sweden. Its main base is Jönköping Airport.
 Cross-site scripting (XSS) is a type of computer security vulnerability typically found in Web applications. XSS enables attackers to inject client-side script into Web pages viewed by other users. A cross-site scripting vulnerability may be used by attackers to bypass access controls such as the same origin policy. Cross-site scripting carried out on websites accounted for roughly 84% of all security vulnerabilities documented by Symantec as of 2007.
 Writtenhouse Records is a Philadelphia Pennsylvania based independent record label. It was established with Southwork's debut album Arise in 2012.
 Associated Oil Company was an American oil and gas company once headquartered in San Francisco California and served much of the Pacific West Coast including Hawaii as well as the Orient and merged with the Tidewater Oil Company in 1938.
 JSC Zarubezhneft is a Russian state-controlled oil company based in Moscow that specializes in exploration development and operation of oil and gas fields outside Russian territory. Sergey Kudryashov is the company's General Director and Nikolay Tokarev is chairman of the board.
 Tuff Shed Incorporated is a manufacturer and installer of storage buildings and garages in the United States. The company currently operates multiple factories in multiple states. Tuff Shed carries a variety of products ranging from small storage sheds to garages to large custom buildings sold direct and through Home Depots.
 The National Association for Special Educational Needs (NASEN) is an education and development charitable organisation based in the United Kingdom which aims to promote the education training advancement and development of all those with special and additional support needs.
 PFSweb Inc.
 The Shaksy Group (Arabic: مجموعة الشقصي‎) is a privately owned holding company. Founded by Said bin Salim Al Shaksy in 1976 the group holds interests in several diversified companies operating throughout the Gulf Cooperation Council region with a combined workforce of over 1000 employees.
 The SEEP Network (The Small Enterprise Education and Promotion Network) is a non-profit organization that acts as a network for practitioners working in microenterprise development and microfinance fields. Founded in 1985 by Elaine Edgcomb and Candace Nelson and sponsored by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation Ford Foundation Citi Foundation USAID and Omidyar Network The SEEP Network since then has developed into a global learning community of 124 member organizations.
 Adventist HealthCare is a non-profit health services organization based in Gaithersburg Maryland that employs more than 6200 people and cares for more than 400000 men women and children in the community each year among its entities and services. The primary service areas for Adventist HealthCare are the Washington D.C. metropolitan area and northwestern New Jersey.
 Mack Air is an Air Charter airline based in Maun Botswana. The company has been operating in northern Botswana since 1994.
 Airiti Incorporation (華藝數位) headquartered in Taipei Taiwan is the leading Chinese e-content provider of Chinese academic e-journals Taiwanese academic e-journals classical art images to more than 450 libraries in 2006 and has extended to more than 72000 libraries in 112 countries and territories around the world.
 Virgin Classics was a French record label founded in 1988 as part of Richard Branson's Virgin Records.The unit along with EMI Classics was acquired by Universal Music in 2012 as part of the takeover of the EMI Group however the terms of the European Commission's September 2012 approval of the takeover requires divestment of the classical labels which were sold on 7 February 2013 to Warner Music Group. The European Union approved the deal on May 2013.
 Eagle Atlantic Airlines is a Ghanaian airline based in Accra. It commenced operations in October 2013.
 Vocento S.A. also known as Grupo Vocento is the leading multimedia communications group in the general press market in Spain with a 24.2% share of total circulation thanks to its 13 leading dailies.The Group is also the national leader in the publication of general supplements (XLSemanal MHMujer El Semanal TV) and specialist magazines (Mi Cartera de Inversión Motor 16 and corporate magazines).
 Fielmann AG is a German optics company focusing on retail eyewear. External sales in Europe with 679 branches in Germany Austria Switzerland Poland Luxembourg and the Netherlands (including franchises and industries) amounted to €1.35 billion in sales and 7.3 million glasses in 2013. The Fielmann stock is listed in the German MDAX index and at the northern German regional HASPAX index.
 Tarion formerly known as the Ontario New Home Warranty Program was created by the Government of Ontario in 1976 to administer the Ontario New Home Warranties Plan Act. Its primary purpose is to protect consumers of new homes by ensuring that builders abide the provincial legislation. It is financed entirely by builder registration renewal and home enrollment fees.
 24 Hour Service Station is an American independent record label founded by Marshall Dickson in Tampa Florida in 1993. Among its releases are Ceremony - A New Order Tribute a charity album and albums from artists such as Freebass Peter Hook and The Light The Beauvilles singer-songwriter John Ralston and punk rock band Pink Lincolns.
 gunhild is a French clothing company known for its fashion clothing offerings for women. gunhild is based in Paris France and was established in Paris in 2007 by the Norwegian designer Gunhild Nygaard. The collection of 2009 was awarded with the Créateur de l'Année from the Mayor of Paris France. The gunhild collections are both designed and produced in France. The collections are primarily sold in France but are also exported to other countries such as Canada Japan Turkey and Norway.
 Liquid Robotics is an ocean data services provider and developer of the Wave Glider an autonomous environmentally powered ocean-going platform for gathering and remotely transmitting information about the surface of the ocean such as water temperature and the atmospheric conditions above such as wind speed.
 Sportsshoes.com is an online sports clothing store founded in 1982 by former professional footballer Bruce Bannister and based in Shipley West Yorkshire. In 1985 SportsShoes launched its mail order service and later became one of the first retailers to launch an e-commerce website.After Bannister retired from the company his son Brett Bannister took over and changed the company name to Sportsshoes.com eventually in 2012 turning the company an exclusively online and mail order operation.
 BOARD International S.A. is a Business Intelligence (BI) and Corporate Performance Management (CPM) software vendor known for its BOARD toolkit. The company is headquartered in Lugano Switzerland where it was founded in 1994.While its core markets are still located in Europe BOARD International has been expanding globally and now operates in 15 countries worldwide.
 Morini Competition Arm S.A.
 LearnVest is a financial planning company. LearnVest was founded by CEO Alexa Von Tobel. LearnVest was selected as a TechCrunch50 2009 Company and debuted at the TechCrunch50 conference in San Francisco. LearnVest's headquarters are in New York City. LearnVest provides free email newsletters Bootcamp programs a personal financial management tool (My Money Center) and “three tiers of access to financial plans of varying detail” through LearnVest Planning Services.
 Assurant Employee Benefits a part of Assurant Inc.(NYSE: AIZ) is a provider of employee benefit insurance products. The company offers a wide range of employer-paid and employee-paid (voluntary) products tailor-made for small to mid-size businesses including disability life and AD&D dental and reinsurance management services.
 Syncron is a supply chain management software and services provider with a global presence. Syncron's global headquarters are located in Stockholm Sweden with major subsidiary office around the world located in the United States Britain Japan and Poland.
 The Chulalongkorn University Book Center is a chain of bookstores operated by Chulalongkorn University in Thailand. It operates seven stores located at Sala Phra Kiao (Coronet Pavilion) within the university campus Siam Square Naresuan University Suranaree University of Technology Burapha University Chulachomklao Royal Military Academy and Chamchuri Square.
 Belfort Instrument Company is a company that makes various meteorological products including the DigiWx Automated Weather System which has been installed in various airports. They are also known for their Fisher & Porter rain gauge.They currently have a contract with the NOAA's Air Resources Laboratory to evaluate climate observing systems.
 For the Billy Graham film production company see World Wide Pictures. For the UK company see World Wide Pictures (UK).Sono Art-World Wide Pictures was an American film distribution and production company that existed from 1927 to 1933. Among their feature films was The Great Gabbo (1929) starring Erich von Stroheim and directed by James Cruze for James Cruze Productions Inc.
 Windrose Air is an airline based in Schönefeld Germany operating business and private charter services cargo and air ambulance services. It operates from Berlin Schönefeld Airport Leipzig/Halle and Poznań-Ławica.
 Abuja Investments Company Limited (AICL) is a leading business development and investment holding company for the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) based in the Capital City - Abuja Nigeria.
 The Whelen Engineering Company Inc is an American corporation based out of Chester Connecticut that designs develops and markets audio and visual signaling devices primarily for fire and rescue law enforcement security and military clients.
 Naked Sky Entertainment is an independent game development studio based in Los Angeles. They are a licensed developer for Microsoft Windows PC Xbox 360 Sony PlayStation 3 Nintendo Wii and Apple iPhone.
 Joy and Tom Studios Inc. produces hand sculpted prototypes for the pre-painted statues and collectibles industry. The company located in Sanford Florida was founded in 1983 by Joy and Tom Snyder. Their portfolio of work consists of many statues busts and portraits based on licensed properties from companies such as Disney Warner Brothers Marvel Comics DC Comics and others.
 William James Young (1800–1870) probably born in Philadelphia was indentured as an apprentice to instrument maker Thomas Whitney of Philadelphia for seven years beginning in 1813. Young was first listed in the 1825 Philadelphia directory as a mathematical instrument maker. He continued in business by himself until 1867 when Thomas N. Watson and Charles S. Heller joined him and the firm became known as William J. Young & Co.
 The Omaha and Council Bluffs Railway and Bridge Company known as O&CB was incorporated in 1886 in order to connect Omaha Nebraska with Council Bluffs Iowa over the Missouri River. With a sanctioned monopoly over streetcar service in the two cities the O&CB was among the earliest major electric street railway systems in the nation and was one of the last streetcar operators in the U.S. making its last run in 1955.
 Dan Wesson Firearms (DW) part of CZ-USA is a manufacturer of handguns in the United States. The corporate headquarters is in Kansas City Kansas and the customer service and manufacturing plant is located in Norwich New York. Dan Wesson Firearms is known for its revolver expertise and for some types of ammunition it has introduced over the years.
 Franco Tosi (formerly known as Franco Tosi & C. now called Franco Tosi Meccanica) is an Italian engineering business currently concentrated on the production of Turbines Boilers Heat exchangers and pumps. It is located in Legnano near Milan. The firm was created during the fourth quarter of the nineteenth century by the engineer Franco Tosi (1858 – 1898).
 The Golden Gate Bridge Highway and Transportation District is a special-purpose district that owns and operates three regional transportation assets in the San Francisco Bay Area: Golden Gate Bridge Golden Gate Transit Golden Gate Ferry
 Brooks Pharmacy was a chain of more than 330 pharmacies located throughout New England and New York and has been a well-recognized name in the New England pharmacy industry for several decades. The corporate headquarters were located in Warwick Rhode Island.
 MW Tux was a division of Men's Wearhouse clothier that specialized in the renting of tuxedos and formal wear for men. In late 2008 the MW Tux Brand was rolled up into the Men's Wearhouse brand and ceased being an independent brand. Men's Wearhouse formalwear business grew via the acquisition of After Hours a formalwear company.
 Synthesizers.com is an American company based in Tyler Texasfounded by engineer Roger Arrick (also a designer of robots) which manufactures analog modular synthesizers for music and sound-effect creation.
 Pacific East Asia Cargo Airlines Inc. is a cargo airline based in the Philippines. The carrier serves domestic services from the Philippines with their Boeing 727-100 and 727-200 Freighter aircraft. The airline also has an agreement on selected routes flown by Air Philippines. PEAC was also an affiliate airline of TNT Airways with PEAC operating TNT leased Bae 146 aircraft.
 Peñafrancia Tours & Travel Transport Inc. is a provincial luxury bus company that operates in the Philippines in the Bicol Region and to and from Metro Manila.
 Perazzi is a manufacturer of precision shotguns from Brescia Italy. The company sells hunting and sporting models of shotguns in the over-and-under and side-by-side varieties. The manufacturer is noted for their removable trigger groups high quality and high prices (US$7500–440000). The founder of Perazzi is Daniele Perazzi. The Perazzi family owns and operates the company.
 Invisible Hands Music is an independent record label based in London's Camden Town neighbourhood. The label was founded by musician Charles Kennedy. The company name first appeared on cassettes sold at gigs by Kennedy's first band Night World in 1987. The first CD release was Fretwork Southeast a compilation album of local bands from Southwest London in 1993.
 Air Onix (Ukrainian: Ейр Онікс Russian: Эйр Оникс) was a Ukrainian airline headquartered in Simferopol (Crimea Ukraine).
 Viki is a video streaming website based in Singapore that offers on-demand streaming video of TV shows movies and music videos from around the world. The company has offices in Singapore San Francisco Indonesia and Seoul South Korea.The name Viki is a play on the words video and Wiki drawing similarities to those companies' use of volunteers for content management. The company won the Crunchie award for best international start-up company in January 2011.
 Siskel/Jacobs Productions is a Chicago Illinois-based documentary and film-production company.
 Galpin Auto Sports (or GAS) is an American automobile dealership and automobile repair shop located in Van Nuys which specializes in customizing and remodeling vehicles specifically for their drivers. They also provide spare parts. The shop was founded in 1946 by Frank Galpin and later purchased by Bert Boeckmann.Galpin Auto Sports is the car garage featured on the USA version of MTV's Pimp My Ride hosted by Xzibit. The show was moved from West Coast Customs to GAS in the 5th and 6th season.
 Steeltown Records was a short-lived record label active from 1966 to 1972 and formed by Gordon Keith in Gary Indiana. It is best known as the label that first signed The Jackson 5 (The Jackson Five) in 1967 before Motown signed the group in 1969. Two Jackson 5 singles were released in 1968 during their short tenure at the record company—Big Boy and We Don't Have To Be Over 21 (to Fall in Love).
 Wiel Arets Architects is an Amsterdam Maastricht and Zurich based multidisciplinary architecture and design practice founded by Wiel Arets in 1983.
 Micromax is an Indian consumer electronics company headquartered in Gurgaon Haryana India. It is in the business of manufacturing of Mobile Telephones Tablet Computers 3G Datacards and LED Televisions. It has 23 offices in India and an international office in Hong Kong.Micromax started as an IT software company in 2000 and worked on embedded platforms.
 Citizens Equity First Credit Union is a federally insured credit union based in Peoria Illinois commonly referred to by its registered trademark CEFCU. CEFCU was founded in 1937 to serve the employees of Caterpillar Tractor Company. It began as Caterpillar Employees Credit Union (CECU) with a state credit union charter then switched to a federal credit union charter and the name CEFCU (Caterpillar Employees Federal Credit Union).
 Botswana Telecommunications Corporation (BTC) is a telecommunications and Internet service provider in Botswana. BTC is headquartered in Gaborone. It provides telecommunications services all over the country and the majority of its services are in the capital city Gaborone and the second largest city Francistown. Currently it has over 100 000 customer access lines in service.
 This page is about the record label. For the Small Stone effect pedal see Electro-Harmonix.Small Stone Records is an American record label based in Detroit MI. It was founded in 1995 by Scott Hamilton and is a self-dubbed heavy rock label. The label has released a number of stoner rock compilation albums as well as releases by Dozer Five Horse Johnson Los Natas Halfway To Gone Solace and many others in the stoner rock indie blues-rock and psychedelic genres.
 CoverHound is a technology company that has developed a platform for consumers to shop for car insurance. The CoverHound site lets users see the best offers from top insurance carriers before selecting a car insurance policy. The company was founded in May 2010 by Basil Enan a former executive at InsWeb. Enan's father Hussein Enan was the founder of InsWeb an earlier online insurance marketplace.
 Maestro (also known informally as Air Maestro) was an airline based in Sainte-Foy Quebec City Canada. It operated charter services. The airline ceased operations on 7 March 2007 after a decision was made to halt all flights because of overcapacity in the Quebec market.
 Timesys is a privately owned company that helps software development teams build and maintain a custom Linux platform for a wide variety of embedded processors from semiconductor manufacturers such as Atmel Freescale Intel Texas Instruments and Xilinx.The company was founded in 1996 out of Carnegie Mellon University and is headquartered in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.
 The China Development Bank (CDB) (simplified Chinese: 国家开发银行; traditional Chinese: 國家開發銀行; pinyin: Guójiā Kāifā Yínháng) is a financial institution in the People's Republic of China (PRC) led by a cabinet minister level Governor under the direct jurisdiction of the State Council.
 MC Entertainment is a Russian distributor of anime and films from Japan USA Germany Great Britain China Thailand and South Korea. The company headed by Dmitry Fedotkin was founded in 2000. As of 2007 it the largest anime company in Russia. It is also the first Russian company aimed exclusively at the anime market.
 Average Joes Entertainment Group is an American record label specializing in country music alternative country and country rap. The label was founded in 2008 by country rap artist Colt Ford and producer Shannon Fat Shan Houchins. Ford has released four albums for the label three of which have reached the top 10 of the country albums charts including 2012's chart topping #1 Declaration Of Independence.
 Pacific Bell Telephone Company (Pacific Bell) provides telephone service in California. The company is owned by AT&T Inc. through AT&T Teleholdings. The company has been known by a number of names during which its service area has changed. The name Pacific Bell is no longer commonly used[citation needed].
 S&P Dow Jones Indices /daʊ ˈdʒoʊnz/ is a joint venture between McGraw Hill Financial the CME Group and News Corporation that was announced in 2011 and launched in 2012. It produces maintains licenses and markets stock market indices as benchmarks and as the basis of investible products such as exchange-traded funds (ETFs) mutual funds and structured products.
 Gilde Norsk Kjøtt is a defunct Norwegian red meat processing company organised as an agricultural cooperative. The company was by far the largest processor in the country when it merged with Prior Norge in 2006 to create Nortura. The company had gradually grown together as the slaughter cooperatives in the country had merged. It was not until 2000 that the company fully merged into one legal entity. Before this it had been an association between various local slaughterhouses.
 Cognis was a worldwide supplier of specialty chemicals and nutritional ingredients headquartered in Monheim am Rhein North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. The company employs about 5600 people and operates production or service centers in almost 30 countries. Cognis was acquired by BASF in 2010.Cognis is a deliverer of natural source raw materials and ingredients for food nutrition and healthcare markets and the cosmetics detergents and cleaners industries.
 SalesPage Technologies is a software development vendor which creates customized enterprise Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and Advisor Relationship Management (ARM) systems.
 Police Mutual is a mutual society dedicated to helping Serving and Retired Police Officers Police Staff and their families with their financial wellbeing.Set up by the Police in 1922 for the financial welfare of Police Officers Police Mutual is a leading provider of Financial Services and welfare support to the Police Service. Today with over 210000 members trusting them with investments insurance and savings Police Mutual is the UK’s largest affinity friendly society.
 Sears Roebuck de México is a department store chain located in Mexico operating more than 75 stores all over Mexico. Sears México is operated by Grupo Carso.
 The Prince Edward Island Liquor Control Commission is a provincial Crown corporation that controls the purchase distribution and sale of alcoholic beverages in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island.
 Trojan was a British automobile manufacturer. Cars with the Trojan marque were made between 1914 and 1965.
 Cartus Corporation is a services corporation specializing in employee relocation including home sale and home purchase household goods shipping move management property management rental and temporary housing settling-in spouse/partner career transition assistance visa and immigration services intercultural and language training relocation accounting international assignment compensation services policy consulting services supporting benchmarking program startups group moves mergers and acquisitions and change management. 
 Tokai Carbon Co. Ltd. (東海カーボン株式会社 Tōkai Kābon Kabushiki-gaisha) is a Japanese company. The company is a developer and stockist of graphite material for use in nuclear power particularly electrical discharge machining electrode high temperature and mechanical applications.The company was founded in 1918 as Tokai Electrode Mfg. Co. Ltd. with a plant in Nagoya and the head office in Tokyo. In 1975 it changed to its present name Tokai Carbon Co. Ltd.
 Mixcrate is an online audio distribution platform based in California United States that enables its users to upload promote and share their DJ mixes to a worldwide audience and to help DJs promote and grow their careers as a professional DJ. It is a community-based platform aimed at DJs to promote their mixes and for fans to follow the work of their favorite DJs but also caters to music listeners club promoters radio stations and event organizers to discover new talent.
 Otobi is a leading furniture maker company in Bangladesh. The company was established in 1975 by Nitun Kundu. Within a relatively short period Otobi became the most prominent Bangladeshi furniture brand emphasizing the new nation's pride in its refound cultural identity after independence. Otobi quickly grew to become one of Bangladesh's top exported brands with sales primarily to India and the South East Asian countries.
 Select-O-Hits is an independent label distributor of music based in Memphis Tennessee. They have been in business for 50 years and distribute artists that include Teflon Don (rapper) Johnnie Taylor Jimmy Buffett Three Six Mafia Colt Ford Diana Reyes and The Texas Tenors.
 VMedia is a Toronto-based IPTV provider offering television and internet service in Ontario. It operates as a fully licensed BDU under the auspices of the CRTC offering a unique entertainment portal that combines traditional subscription television service with access to internet-delivered content.VMedia officially launched on March 26 2013 and is currently available only in select areas of Southern Ontario as well as the Greater Toronto Area.
 Common Sense Media (CSM) is a San Francisco based non-profit organization that advocates on child and family issues and studies the effects that media and technology have on young users.Founded by Jim Steyer in 2003 Common Sense Media reviews books movies TV shows video games apps music and websites and rates them in terms of age-appropriate educational content messages/role models violence sex and profanity and more for parents making media choices for their kids.
 Packt pronounced Packed is a print on demand publishing company based in Birmingham UK.
 Wirecard AG (until April 6 2005: InfoGenie AG) is a global[citation needed] financial services and technology company headquartered in Aschheim Munich Germany. The company provides payment processing card issuing and risk management services to more than 14.000[citation needed] corporate customers worldwide. Its Internet payment service competes with PayPal and Western Union. Wirecard Bank AG operates under a German banking license and is a principal member of VISA MasterCard and JCB.
 Shakuntalam Telefilms is a production company for Indian television. It has produced many drama serials for Zee TV Star Plus Colors and Star One
 Sonic.net is a telecommunications company and internet service provider based in Santa Rosa California acting as a competitive local exchange carrier in the San Francisco Bay Area and Sacramento.
 Clone Systems Inc. is a United States-based managed security services provider with offices in New York City Philadelphia and London. The company provides intrusion detection and malicious threat protection for businesses in the US Europe and Asia.
 Pennon Group plc is a British water utility and waste management company based in Exeter Devon in the United Kingdom. The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
 Lasso Logic was a company formed in 2003 that pioneered continuous data protection (CDP) and an onsite–offsite backup technology for the small and medium enterprise market (SME) before it was acquired by SonicWALL in November 2005 for approximately $20 million. Lasso Logic became the third of three business divisions at SonicWALL now called the Business Continuity Unit.
 The Acme Bread Company (also known as Acme Bread) is a Berkeley California-based bakery that is one of the pioneers of the San Francisco Bay Area's Bread Revolution which in turn created the modern artisan bread movement in America and remains a benchmark for commercial handmade bread.
 Primo Brewing Company is a Honolulu-based beer manufacturing company. The company claims the title Hawai’i’s original beer.
 Star Recordings is a New York based record label that was founded in 2001 by President Alan Macenat. The company is based around being an independent force in music and giving the artist they sign the creative freedom in their work. You can find all of Star Recordings releases at iTunes music store and other major digital music stores.
 Bantrel Co. is a Canadian private corporation owned by Bechtel Corporation and McCaig Investments. Bantrel's core business is in Engineering Procurement and Construction Management in the petroleum industry. Bantrel is active in Canada's energy sector and is a supplier of engineering services to oil sands developers in Alberta.
 Where Inc. was a location-based media company in North America. Their main products were the WHERE consumer application and WHERE Ads a hyper-local ad network that connected merchants with local audiences. PayPal a subsidiary of eBay announced its acquisition of Where Inc. in 2011 for $135 million.
 FenceSitter Films is a film production and television production company founded by Kyle Schickner an American film producer writer director actor and a bisexual civil rights activist devoted to creating entertainment for women and sexual and ethnic minorities.
 Namesys was a California corporation responsible for the design and implementation of the ReiserFS and Reiser4 filesystems. It has been inactive since late 2007 and as of 2010 is listed with the State of California with a status of Suspended. Owned by Hans Reiser Namesys was based in Oakland California and also operated in Russia.
 Manifesto Records is the name of an independent record label based in Los Angeles California that has released records by The Wedding Present Dead Kennedys Tom Waits Tim Buckley Lilys Concrete Blonde Screamin' Jay Hawkins and others. Manifesto released the entire catalogue of Dead Kennedys in 2001 after the band obtained the rights from Alternative Tentacles.
 LISCON is a software company creating management software for Thin Clients and a Linux based operating system for their Thin Clients and those of other manufacturers as well as PCs. The company was founded in 2000 and filed for bancruptcy in May 2010. The company was closed down in August 2010.
 Destined Records is an independent record label based in West End in London in the United Kingdom.
 Jiangsu Broadcasting Corporation (JSBC) (Chinese: 江苏省广播电视总台（集团）; pinyin: Jiāngsū Shěng Guǎngbò Diànshì Zǒngtái (Jítuán)) is China's third biggest television network after China Central Television (CCTV) and Hunan Broadcasting System (HBS). The television network is owned by the Jiangsu provincial government. The network is based in Nanjing in Jiangsu.
 Express Telecommunication Co. Inc. commonly known as Express Telecom or Extelcom is the Philippines' first mobile phone network operator. They operate an analog AMPS network and remains to this day the only analog network currently operating in the Philippines. Extelcom has yet to upgrade its cellular operations to GSM from and therefore cannot offer the hugely popular text messaging service.
 Hymer AG is a motorhome and caravan manufacturer located in Bad Waldsee Germany. One of the largest manufacturers of motorhomes and caravans in Europe the listed company Hymer AG owns the brands: Burstner; Carado; Eriba; Hymer; Laika; Niesmann + Bischoff; as well as camping equipment wholesale Movera.
 BTCJam is the first completely global peer-to-peer lending company powered by Bitcoin. It is based in San Francisco and was started by Celso Pitta a Brazilian software engineer.Similarly to what more established players such as Lending Club or Zopa do with Fiat money users can lend Bitcoin directly to others.BTCJam has developed a credit-scoring algorithm that works completely online and on a global scale.
 New Castle Area Transit Authority is a public transportation service located in Lawrence County Pennsylvania. It provides inter-city bus and paratransit service to select communities within the county. Because the region is located within the metropolitan (but not the urban) area of Pittsburgh service is provided to the downtown area.Connections can no longer be made to Youngstown's Western Reserve Transit Authority. The western end point of the New Castle system is on Route 91 on U.S.
 Black Angus Steak and Seafood Restaurant is an American restaurant chain specializing in steaks that is based in Los Altos CA. The chain was founded April 1 1964 by Stuart Anderson of Seattle Washington.
 PT. Metro Batavia operating as Batavia Air was an airline based in Jakarta and Surabaya Indonesia. Until January 31 2013 the airline operated domestic flights to around 42 destinations and several nearby regional international destinations and Saudi Arabia. Its main base was Soekarno-Hatta International Airport Jakarta.
 Sweet Water Organics Inc. is an urban farm located in the Bay View neighborhood of Milwaukee Wisconsin. Founded in 2008 by Milwaukee entrepreneurs Josh Fraundorf and James Godsil Sweet Water's stated mission is to provide fresh safe food for the community by employing methods of aquaponics and hydroponics that produce a variety of consumables while minimizing its impact on the local environment.
 Windmill Software is a Canadian software company. Windmill Software today publishes property management software and management information system software but the company is more notable for its past role as a developer marketer publisher and distributor of computer and video games. The company developed several games for the IBM PC in the early 1980s.
 The Chettinad Group is an Indian industrial conglomerate headquartered in Chennai. The united Annaamalai Chettiar Group (later split as Chettinad Group and MA Chidambaram's Southern Group) is founded by famous Tamil Nagarathar businessman Raja Sir Annamalai Chettiar.
 I.R.S. No Speak was an instrumental-only imprint of the I.R.S. Records record label founded by Miles Copeland III in January 1988. Inspired by the success of Peter Baumann's Private Music Windham Hill Records and Capitol Records Cinema Records Copeland wanted to feature some of the many excellent rock musicians who had been left unemployed by the 1980s disco and punk takeover of the music industry.
 Agricultural Bank of China Limited (ABC simplified Chinese: 中国农业银行; traditional Chinese: 中國農業銀行; pinyin: Zhōngguó Nóngyè Yínháng) also known as AgBank or 农行 Nóngháng is one of the Big Four banks in the People's Republic of China. It was founded in 1951 and has its headquarters in Dongcheng District Beijing.
 Kiloo is a Danish games development company headquartered in the central part of Aarhus Denmark. Kiloo was founded in 2000 by the current CEO Jacob Møller with a focus on developing wireless entertainment content for mobile phones and handheld devices.Kiloo's best known game Subway Surfers was released in the spring of 2012 and was developed in cooperation with SYBO Games. A few weeks after its release the free running game for iOS was named Game of the Week for 31 May 2012 by AppAdvice.
 coup d'etat Brooklyn /kuːdeɪˈtɑː/ is a graphically bold military-inspired clothing company and lifestyle brand based out of the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn New York whose brand philosophy follows the principle live to change something.”
 Illusion Studios (styled as ILLUSIONSTUDIOS) is an Argentine entertainment company. It produces content for children and young people and is known for creating Top Cat: The Movie (Don Gato y su Pandilla) Gaturro and Peter Punk. Since its release of Boogie 3D Illusion Studios becomes the first ever company in Hispanic America to release a 3D film.
 gela21 is a non-profit organization located in Talence in the campus of the École nationale supérieure d'architecture et de paysage de Bordeaux France. Created in 2009 this student association works on pedagogical studies in consulting and planning in domains linked to the space design : architecture landscape architecture urban planning environmental planning...All the projects are selected for a high environmental quality.
 Clarity Partners LP is a private equity firm headquartered in Beverly Hills California that focuses on investments in media telecommunications and business services. Clarity Partners also manages an affiliated China investment private equity fund. Clarity Partners was founded in 2000.
 Sky Bishkek is a regional airline based in Bishkek Kyrgyzstan. Its main base is Manas International Airport.
 Rand McNally is an American publisher of maps atlases textbooks and globes for travel reference commercial and educational uses. It also provides online consumer street maps and directions as well as commercial transportation routing software and mileage data. The company is headquartered in the Chicago suburb of Skokie Illinois with a distribution center in Richmond Kentucky.
 TRW Inc. was an American corporation involved in a variety of businesses mainly aerospace automotive and credit reporting. It was a pioneer in multiple fields including electronic components integrated circuits computers software and systems engineering. TRW built many spacecraft including Pioneer 1 Pioneer 10 and several space-based observatories.
 Chaotic Moon Studios is an American mobile software design and development studio founded in 2010 and based in Austin Texas.
 Tec Laboratories Inc. is a manufacturer of over-the-counter pharmaceutical dermatological preparations. The company was founded in 1977 by a former Mead Johnson executive chemical engineer Robert L. Smith and is headquartered in Albany Oregon. The company's products including its flagship poison oak scrub Tecnu are sold in approximately 47000 retail outlets which have sold over 53 million units as of the spring of 2014.
 Dr Pepper/Seven Up Inc. was a Plano Texas-based soft-drink manufacturing company created by the merger of Dr Pepper Inc. and The 7 Up Company on May 19 1986. The merger was a result of the independent bailouts of both companies and the subsequent FTC blockage of a Dr Pepper merger with Coca-Cola. The DPSU merger resulted in the breakup of international branding rights held by the two independent companies.Dr Pepper/Seven Up Inc.
 Times Books (previously the New York Times Book Company) is a publishing imprint owned by The New York Times Company and licensed to Henry Holt and Company.Times Books began as the New York Times Book Company in 1969 when The New York Times Company purchased Quadrangle Books a small publishing house in Chicago Illinois founded in 1959 by Michael Braude. It's President was Melvin J. Brisk.
 Naturesave is a general insurance provider based in England which uses the insurance industry as a vehicle for sustainable development and adheres to the 10 principles of one planet living as outlined by BioRegional.
 Gardena Municipal Bus Lines are Gardena California's transportation service providing local routes that serve the needs of those commuting within the city itself or who plan on using the bus to connect with rail service to Los Angeles or surrounding suburbs. The bus lines complements the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority's crosstown routes through the city.
 Biffa Group Limited is a waste management company headquartered in High Wycombe United Kingdom. It provides collection landfill recycling and special waste services to local authorities and industrial and commercial clients in the UK. As of 2012 it is the second-largest UK-based waste management company.
 Product Red styled as (PRODUCT)RED is a brand licensed to partner companies such as Nike American Express (UK) Apple Inc. Starbucks Converse Head Bugaboo Penguin Classics (UK & International) Gap Armani Hallmark (US) SAP and Beats Electronics (Beats by Dr. Dre).
 Silverjet was a British all-business class airline headquartered at London Luton Airport Luton Bedfordshire England that prior to the suspension of operations on 30 May 2008 operated services to Newark Liberty International Airport and Dubai International Airport. A proposed rescue package fell through on 13 June when staff were laid off and it was announced that the airline's assets would be sold.
 Capital Brewery is a brewery located in Middleton Wisconsin. Founded on March 14 1984 by Madison Wisconsin entrepreneur Ed Janus it is in a former egg processing plant. The company first began production in spring 1986 and now produces over 30000 barrels of beer annually. It produces 19 distinct beers of which eight are annuals five are seasonals and six are limited release.
 Matra Marconi Space (MMS) was a Franco-British aerospace company.
 Infinity Broadcasting Corporation was a radio company that existed from 1972 until 2005. It was founded by Michael A. Wiener and Gerald Carrus. It became associated with popular radio personalities like Opie and Anthony Howard Stern Don Imus and Mike Francesa. Infinity merged with CBS Corporation in 1997 and later became part of Viacom in 2000 when CBS and Viacom merged. After the Viacom split in 2005 Infinity changed its name to CBS Radio.
 Raw Striker Ltd. (formerly Raw Engineering) is a kit car manufacturer established in 1999. In 2002 they acquired the rights to the Sylva Striker kit car which they have since modified and on which the Fulcrum is based. It is based in Shelwick just north of Hereford. In August 2010 the company was purchased by Callum and Jeremy Bulmer from the original owner Mel Coppock.
 Blockchain.info is a popular Bitcoin wallet and block explorer service owned and operated by the UK-based Qkos Services. Launched in August 2011 the service provides data on recent transactions mined blocks in the Bitcoin block chain charts on the Bitcoin economy and statistics and resources for developers. Information from and links to the website are common in media coverage of Bitcoin and in Bitcoin forums.
 TIBCO Software Inc. is an American company that provides software for companies to use on-premises or as part of cloud computing environments.
 Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. or simply Couche-Tard is one of the largest company-owned convenience store operators in the world with more than 13000 stores across Canada the United States Europe Mexico Japan China and Indonesia.
 Shea & Gould was one of New York's best-known law firms. It was established as a result of a merger in 1964 between Manning Hollinger & Shea and Gallup Climenko & Gould. The firm acquired several smaller niche practices in antitrust and other areas during the 1970s. The firm dissolved in 1994.
 Artsakhbank CJSC was established on February 12 1996 according to the resolution of the Bank’s Shareholders General Meeting. On November 6 1996 Artsakhbank CJSC was transformed into Artsakhbank OJSC according to the resolution of the Bank’s Shareholders General Meeting. On June 24 2001 Artsakhbank OJSC was reorganized into Artsakhbank CJSC.
 Ki-oon is a French manga publisher founded in October 2003 by Cécile Pournin and Ahmed Agne. It's mostly dedicated to releasing heroic fantasy. It released its first manga in March 2004 the first volume of Element Line. The name Ki-oon comes from an onomatopoeia meaning having the heart inflated with emotion. With an increase in revenue of 80% in 2009 Ki-oon is in 2010 the most important independent publisher of manga in France.
 Banner Bank the primary subsidiary of Banner Corporation is a Washington-chartered commercial bank headquartered in Walla Walla Washington. Founded as the National Building Loan & Trust Association in 1890 it is the oldest savings and loan institution in Washington. Banner Bank has a network of 89 branch offices and seven loan production centers in 29 counties throughout Washington Oregon and Idaho.
 Murse World is an American company headquartered in West Hollywood CA that sells scrubs and accessories such as stethoscopes for use by male nurses and other medical professionals. Murse World is an online store that resells merchandise directly to consumers via its own website.
 The Get Schooled Foundation (also Get Schooled or getschooled.com) is a non-profit organization dedicated to using the power of media technology and popular culture to motivate and inspire young people their families and teachers to improve high school graduation rates and college-going rates. Get Schooled combines powerful national content and programming (on-air on-line and on the ground) with school-based engagement strategies to ensure both a broad reach and a measurable impact.
 AAON (NASDAQ: AAON) designs manufactures and sells semi-custom heating ventilation and air conditioning equipment (HVAC) for commercial and residential use. Its subsidiary AAON Coil Products manufactures a variety of heating/cooling products as well as coils used in the heating ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) industry and provides coils to AAON as well as to other customers.
 Asa Lees was a firm of textile machine manufacturers in Oldham Lancashire. Their headquarters was the Soho Iron Works Greenacres. It was second only in size to Platt Brothers.
 OPI Products is a nail lacquer manufacturer located in North Hollywood California.OPI originally named Odontorium Products Inc. was a small dental supply company purchased by George Schaeffer in 1981. Shortly after taking over the company Schaeffer was joined by Suzi Weiss-Fischmann OPI’s Executive Vice President and Artistic Director. Schaeffer and Weiss-Fischmann partnered with R.
 The Federation of International Trade Associations (FITA) based in Reston Virginia and New York New York USA was founded in 1984. It fosters international trade by seeking to strengthen the role of associations in the United States Mexico and Canada. FITA is the strategic partner of the United States Commercial Service for e-commerce.
 Rays Engineering Co. Ltd. (株式会社レイズエンジニアリング Kabushiki-gaisha Reizu Enjiniaringu) a part of Rays Co. Ltd. is a high-end Japanese wheel manufacturer for both motorsport and street use mostly notable for manufacturing Volk Racing flagship brand of wheels.It is a common misconception that Volk Racing is the parent company of Rays Engineering purely as it is its most associated with brand name.
 Verlagsgruppe Georg von Holtzbrinck is a Stuttgart-based publishing holding company which owns publishing companies worldwide. von Holtzbrinck has published everything from The Satanic Verses of Salman Rushdie to classics by Agatha Christie Jean-Paul Sartre Ernest Hemingway and John Updike. Other well-known publications are Nature and Scientific American.
 Access Commerce (Euronext: 7424) is an international provider of E-Commerce and Configurator software with global annual revenue of €11.07 million as of 2007. It develops manufactures licenses and supports a software suite called Cameleon. The company is headquartered in Toulouse France and Skokie Illinois USA and has branches in cities such as Paris France and Lyon France.
 McGee Airways was an American airline founded in Anchorage Alaska in 1932 by Linious Mac McGee. Starting with a single three seat Stinson airplane the company grew and the fleet of aircraft expanded to seven Stinsons.Although McGee was an excellent manager there were two major competitors in Anchorage: Star Air Service and Woodley Airways. There was not enough business to support the three companies and they were all struggling financially.
 Realta Entertainment Group is an independent media company developing reality-based interactive multimedia hardware and content for video game consoles and personal computers. Realta is headquartered in Campbell California in Silicon Valley. It has a number of partners in both the gaming and music industries.Realta launched its first console game BandFuse: Rock Legends on November 19 2013.
 Hippos in Tanks is a record label based in Los Angeles California founded by Barron Machat and Travis Woolsey. The label specializes in electronic music and was named the best label of 2011 by the website FACT. It is named after the novel And the Hippos Were Boiled in Their Tanks.
 Trade Air d.o.o. is a passenger and cargo charter airline based in Zagreb Croatia. The company is registered as an airline whose main activities are passenger charter flights and cargo operations organized either on charter chain flights or ad hoc flights. Trade Air also specialises in the transportation of dangerous goods.
 XPEC Entertainment is a video game developer and publisher based in Taiwan. It was founded in 2000. XPEC has participated in the development of next-generation game titles.
 Paramount Home Media Distribution (PHMD formerly Paramount Home Entertainment Paramount Home Video and Paramount Video) is the home video distribution division of Paramount Pictures (a subsidiary of Viacom Inc.) dealing with home video founded in late 1975.
 Dust Networks Inc. is a company specializing in the design and manufacture of wireless sensor networks for industrial applications including process monitoring condition monitoring asset management Environment Health and Safety (EHS) monitoring and power management. They are headquartered in Hayward California.Dust Networks works with industry and standards groups such as WirelessHART IETF ISA and WINA to help drive the adoption of interoperable wireless sensor networking products.
 Shonen Gahosha (少年画報社 Shōnen Gahōsha) is a Japanese publisher named for Shōnen Gaho (Boy's Illustrated News Magazine) one of its first magazines. Founded in 1945 it previously published driving manuals and English conversation guides. Now it is known for magazines such as biweekly seinen manga Young King the monthly manga serials Young King OURs and Monthly Young King.
 Let's Go is a world-renowned travel guide series researched written edited and run entirely by students at Harvard University. The first of the now-famous budget/backpacker-oriented travel guides Let's Go promotes itself as the student travel guide but is aimed at readers both young and young at heart. Let's Go was founded in 1960 and is headquartered in Cambridge Massachusetts.
 Andreessen Horowitz is a $2.5 billion venture capital firm founded in 2009 by Marc Andreessen and Ben Horowitz. The company is headquartered in Menlo Park California.
 European Executive was a British airline based in Shoreham United Kingdom. It operated scheduled passenger flights and corporate pleasure and freight flights. Its main base was Shoreham (Brighton City) Airport.
 DelSolar Co. Ltd. (Traditional Chinese:旺能光電; Simplified Chinese: 旺能光电(pinyin: wàng néng guāng diàn) commonly abbreviated 旺能)) (3599 TW) is solar company from Delta group(台達電子/台達集團) engaging in the research design manufacture and distribution of solar cells solar modules as well as the development of Photovoltaic system. The company’s headquarters is in Hsinchu Science-based industrial Park Phrase II Taiwan.
 Brinson Partners (later known as UBS Brinson) was an asset management firm focused on providing access for U.S. institutions to global markets. The firm was founded by noted investor Gary P. Brinson in the 1980s and established as an independent firm in 1989. Brinson was acquired by Swiss Bank Corporation in 1994 and became the core of the Swiss bank's asset management business in the U.S.
 Fairwinds Credit Union is an American member-owned credit union that is headquartered in Orlando Florida and serves the Central Florida area. Fairwinds is regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) and has 160000 members and assets of $1.7 billion. The credit union opened in 1949 has 467 full-time employees and 69 part-time employees or 340 members per employee compared to a national average of 455.
 IMCO Carbide Tool is an American manufacturing company that researches designs and manufactures high-performance cutting tools for a variety of applications in the aerospace automotive medical petrochemical and manufacturing industries. Founded in 1977 by Lawrence R. Osburn and headquartered in Perrysburg Ohio IMCO serves a diverse customer base of small job shops to large production operations around the world. The company is ISO 9001:2000 registered.
 Mulholland Books (UK) is an imprint of Hodder & Stoughton a British publishing house now a division of Hachette UK. It specialises in the suspense fiction genre including crime novels thrillers police procedurals spy stories and supernatural suspense
 Yilida (SZSE: 002686) headquartered in Taizhou Zhejiang China is a world-wide supplier of fans motors and accessories to the HVAC industry. Yilida is listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SZSE: 002686) in China since July 2 2012.
 Imagination Games is a multi-platform game company that creates produces and distributes interactive entertainment to the world.
 Marvel Studios LLC originally known as Marvel Films from 1993 to 1996 is an American television and motion picture studio based at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank California. The Studio is a subsidiary of Marvel Entertainment a wholly owned subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company. Being a part of the Disney conglomerate Marvel Studios works in conjunction with The Walt Disney Studios another Disney unit for distribution and marketing.
 Pacific Novelty was a developer of coin-operated arcade video games. Deep Death was their first title which was later licensed by Game Plan and re-released as Shark attack (1981). Thief a Pac-Man styled maze chase was their greatest success.
 Strip Art Features (SAF) is a comic-book publishing house and rights agent currently based in Celje Slovenia. SAF was founded by comic book author and publisher Ervin Rustemagić in Sarajevo Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1972.
 Laricina Energy Ltd. is a private Canadian oil producing company engaged in exploration in North-Eastern Alberta. The company targets oil sands opportunities outside of the Athabasca mining area and is focusing on in situ plays in the Grosmont and Grand Rapids formations. Its headquarters are located in Calgary Alberta Canada.
 NovaBay Pharmaceuticals Inc. is an Emeryville California based clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing novel fast-acting synthetic anti-infectives compounds. These compounds are designed to mimic the body's defense system against infection and will treat and prevent a wide range of local non-systemic infections with a low likelihood of developing bacterial resistance.
 EKOSPOL is a Czech residential development company and one of the most important real estate developers in the country. According to the market share of apartments sold EKOSPOL steadily ranks among the four largest Czech residential development companies. The founder CEO and chairman of the board is Evzen Korec.
 CenturyTel of Colorado Inc. is a telephone operating company owned by CenturyLink that provides local telephone service in Colorado including Pagosa Springs. The company is separate from CenturyTel of Eagle and Qwest Corporation the other telephone companies CenturyLink owns in Colorado.The company was established in 1976 as the Universal Telephone Company of Colorado.
 Zurich Cantonal Bank (in German: Zürcher Kantonalbank or ZKB) is the largest cantonal bank and fourth largest bank in Switzerland as well as the leading financial services provider in the Greater Zurich area with total assets of over CHF 110 billion.ZKB as an independent incorporated public-law institution is wholly owned by the Canton of Zurich.
 Dommelsch Brewery is a brewery founded in 1744 in the village of Dommelen Netherlands. It is part of the Anheuser-Busch InBev group and brews Dommelsch Pilsener for the Dutch market and the global brand Brahma beer for the European market.
 Oman Fisheries is an Omani-based company in the Sultanate of Oman that harvests processes and retails fish. It was formed in 1989 and is the largest fishing company in the Sultanate. The company is publicly traded company in Oman with the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries having a 24 percent stake in the company.
 Punainen jättiläinen (Red giant) is a Finnish small publisher of Japanese manga and Korean manhwa. It was founded in April 2005 by its CEO Antti Grönlund. However the publisher was acquired by Tammi in 2009. Nowadays Punainen jättiläinen works together with Sangatsu Manga under facilities of Tammi publishing company.Punainen jättiläinen is known from their typically large-format bookstore-oriented releases.
 Abingdon Motorcycles was a British motorcycle manufacturer in Tyseley Birmingham between 1903 and 1925. The tool and chain manufacturers Abingdon Engineering was founded in 1856 and started making motorcycles in 1903 when the industry was still very new with engines from a number of manufacturers before the company developed their own Abingdon four-stroke 350 cc single and 794 cc V-twin engines which were used by Ariel and Invicta.
 ABC-CLIO is a publisher of reference works for the study of history and social studies in academic secondary school and public library settings.
 RacoWireless is a provider of wireless products and services focusing on the machine to machine (M2M) industry. The company delivers wireless data and provides a platform for companies to build and support wireless M2M applications.
 Western Wireless Corporation was a cellular network operator that provided mobile telecommunications service to subscribers in 19 western states and seven countries. Western Wireless marketed analog cellular service under the CELLULAR ONE brand in 88 FCC-defined rural service areas and digital PCS service under the VoiceStream brand in 19 FCC-defined metropolitan service areas. At its peak in 2004 Western Wireless provided service to 1.4 million domestic subscribers.
 Vandercook & Sons was a manufacturer of proof presses founded in 1909 by Robert Vandercook. They dominated the 20th century proof press industry by developing the first and the most widely used proof presses that did not rely on gravity for the force of their impression. As a result Vandercook's geared presses were easier and more precise for an operator to use.Vandercook was sold in 1968 to the Illinois Tool Works when it became Vandersons.
 Lyulka was a USSR aero engine design bureau and manufacturer from 1938 to the 1990s when manufacturing and design elements were integrated as NPO Saturn based at Rybinsk. The Lyulka design bureau had its roots in the Kharkov Aviation Institute where Arkhip Mikhailovich Lyulka was working with a team designing the ATsN (Agregat Tsentralnovo Nadduva - Centralised supercharger) installation on the Petlyakov Pe-8 bomber. Lyul'ka was responsible for designing the first Soviet gas turbine engines.
 Air East was an airline based at Johnstown-Cambria County Airport Johnstown Pennsylvania USA. It was established in 1967 and is a charter and FBO operator.On April 26 1970 Air East inaugurated six daily passenger flights under the Allegheny Commuter brand.
 Navarro Discount Pharmacies Inc. frequently referred to as Navarro is the largest Hispanic-owned pharmacy chain photo service and pharmacy benefit manager in the United States[citation needed]. The company is headquartered in Miami Florida. The company mainly operates in Miami-Dade and Broward Counties and currently has 28 stores.
 Collectors Universe Inc. (NASDAQ:CLCT) was set up in 1986 and now is based in Santa Ana California. The company provides third-party authentication and grading services to collectors retail buyers and sellers of rare and high-value collectibles. Its authentication service includes collections like coins trading cards sports memorabilia and autographs.
 Foot Stompin' Celtic Music (often abbreviated to Footstompin') is a record label based in Edinburgh Scotland.
 Kabel Deutschland is the largest cable television operator in Germany. Kabel Deutschland's was subject to a hostile takeover bid by Vodafone Group Plc in September 2013 the deal was approved in December 2013 and finalised on January 29 2014.
 The Bank of Yokohama Ltd. (BOY; 株式会社横浜銀行 Kabushiki kaisha yokohama ginkō) is a Japanese regional bank operating mainly in Kanagawa Prefecture and southwestern Tokyo. It is one of Japan's leading banks the seventh largest bank in Japan by market value (FY 2012). It is listed on the Nikkei 225.
 Turn Style was a chain of discount department stores and was a division of Chicago-based Jewel the parent company of the Jewel Food Stores supermarket chain. Some mid-western Turn Styles had an Osco Pharmacy at the time very uncommon for a discount store in the 1960s and 1970s. At its peak the chain comprised more than fifty stores throughout Chicago as well as in Boston Massachusetts downstate Illinois Indiana and Michigan.
 VI Technology was a privately owned company based in Austin Texas that provided enterprise test solutions and services. These solutions ranged from benchtop test systems to enterprise-wide test solutions. VI Technology's main product Arendar was used by engineering teams in design characterization validation and manufacturing.
 Pilot Corporation (株式会社パイロットコーポレーション Kabushiki Kaisha Pairotto Kōporēshon TYO: 7846) is a Japanese pen manufacturer based in Tokyo Japan. It produces writing instruments stationery and jewellery but is best known for its pens.It is the largest pen manufacturer in Japan and has a large number of subsidiaries throughout the world including in the Philippines United Kingdom Indonesia Malaysia India Brazil South Africa Germany and France.
 Dow Jones & Company is an American publishing and financial information firm.The company was founded in 1882 by three reporters: Charles Dow Edward Jones and Charles Bergstresser. Like The New York Times and the Washington Post the company was in recent years publicly traded but privately controlled.
 The Fort Worth Transportation Authority (popularly known as The T) is a transit agency located in Fort Worth Texas.The T primarily operates Fort Worth's bus system which also serves several Fort Worth suburbs. The T also partners with Dallas Area Rapid Transit to operate the Trinity Railway Express (TRE) which offers commuter rail service from downtown Fort Worth to DFW Airport and downtown Dallas.
 Shuanghui Group (Chinese: 双汇集团) is a privately owned meat processing company headquartered in Luohe Henan China. Known as Shineway Group in English-speaking countries the company's businesses include hog raising consumer meat products flavoring products and logistics. It is the largest meat producer in China.Shuanghui has 13 facilities that produce more than 2.7 million tons of meat per year.
 The Cyprus Stock Exchange or CSE (Greek: Χρηματιστήριο Αξιών Κύπρου or ΧΑΚ Turkish: Kıbrıs Menkul Kıymetler Borsası or KMKB) is a stock exchange located in Nicosia Cyprus.
 EVN Group is an Austrian-based producer and transporter of electricity one of the largest in Europe having over three million customers in 14 countries. The company also operates in water treatment natural gas supply and waste management business areas. It is the second-largest utility in Austria.The company produced in 2006 around 3.45 billion kWh mainly from thermal power plants (68%) and renewable energy (hydro and wind) power plants (32%).
 Metropolitan Bank Group is a bank holding company based in Chicago. Its five subsidiary banks operate over ninety bank branches in the Chicago metropolitan area.In 2009 Metropolitan Bank Group accepted US$71.5 million from the Troubled Asset Relief Program during the 2007–2012 global financial crisis. In 2012 it received a US$150 million investment from Chicago banker Roberto Herencia to help meet Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation-mandated capital requirements.
 Blenz Coffee (aka Blenz The Canadian Coffee Company) is a Canadian franchise chain of coffee shops. The first shop was opened on Robson Street Vancouver British Columbia in 1992. The chain has since grown to include a network of 82 franchised locations 60+ in British Columbia Canada and international stores in Japan China United Arab Emirates Kuwait and the Philippines.
 North Pacific Airlines was a small regional airline formed in 1987 flying for United Airlines under the United Express brand name from the Seattle–Tacoma International Airport to three Eastern Washington destinations and Portland Oregon. By 1991 the airline which was owned by WestAir Holdings had been merged with WestAir Commuter Airlines still under the United Express banner. WestAir Commuter Airlines was another member of the WestAir Holdings corporation.
 For the Oxo food brand see Oxo (food). For other uses see Oxo.OXO (/ˈɒksoʊ/ OX-oh) is a manufacturer of kitchen utensils office supplies and housewares based in New York City.
 Aspiring Minds Assessment Private Limited is an Indian employability evaluation and certification company headquartered in Gurgaon with an office in Bangalore and a pan-Indian operational presence.
 Scholastic Corporation is an American book publishing company known for publishing educational materials for schools teachers parents and children and selling and distributing them by mail order via book clubs and fairs and through their online store. It also has the exclusive United States publishing rights to both the Harry Potter and The Hunger Games book series. Scholastic Inc.
 Cigital is a consulting firm specializing in software security based in Dulles VA. Cigital places a specific emphasis on software quality management
 The Westmoreland County Transit Authority (WCTA) is the operator of mass transportation in Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. Using 35 buses a total of 18 routes are operated the majority of which serve the urbanized corridor that makes up the western portion of the county.
 Air Leasing Cameroon is an air charter company based in Douala Cameroon.
 The British Parking Association (BPA) is a British-based trade association that represents the views and interests of its membership drawn principally from the parking and traffic management fields. More fully described as the British Parking Association Limited the association is a company limited by guarantee and non-profit organisation founded in 1968 although the limited company was not registered until 1970.
 mediapeers GmbH is a media services company with a network of over 400 partners worldwide.
 Duplin Winery is North Carolina's oldest operating winery established in 1975. It is located in Duplin County North Carolina producing approximately 335000 cases per year and is known primarily for muscadine wines.
 Amkette is a computer hardware and electronics manufacturer headquartered in New Delhi India. The companies current flagship product is EvoTV (a smart device that integrates the Internet and web features into the TV). Other products range from wireless products personal technology and audio peripherals and multimedia devices. The company has a pan India distribution network and heavily invests in hardware and software R&D.
 Robinson Sheppard Shapiro also known as RSS is a Montreal based law firm. It provides insurance law professional liability law business law litigation family law and labour and employment law services.Robinson Sheppard Shapiro’s Hong Kong office specializes in assisting clients with their immigration law issues.
 Ponderosa Steakhouse and Bonanza Steakhouse are a chain of buffet/steakhouse restaurants.Unlike other chains with two names like Checkers/Rally's which uses only one of the names in a given region restaurants in a given region could be named either Bonanza or Ponderosa.
 Founded in 1943 Marotta Controls Inc. is a technology businesses in New Jersey specializing in the design manufacture and integration of precision control components and systems. It offers valves and manifolds and sub-systems integrating electronic controllers and power supplies such as pneumatic weapon ejection systems control actuation systems and IR missile seeker cooling systems.
 Petrogas Limited is an Irish company that operates number of petrol stations in the Republic of Ireland and United Kingdom. They also operate a small number of convenience store sites without forecourts.They jointly hold the contract to run the only official motorway service areas in the Republic of Ireland with Tedcastles Oil Products with the shop and small vehicle forecourt run & branded by Petrogas and the truck forecourt by Tedcastles.
 Birdy Airlines was an airline based in Belgium that offered long-haul flights from Brussels to Africa on behalf of SN Brussels Airlines using a fleet of three Airbus A330-300 aircraft. The airline was founded in 2002 and ceased its operations in 2004 when it was merged into SN Brussels Airlines.
 Wax Trax! Records was an independent record label in the United States. Wax Trax! began as a record shop in Denver Colorado opened by Jim Nash and Dannie Flesher. They sold the store in 1978 and in November of that year opened a new one under the same name at 2449 North Lincoln Avenue in Chicago Illinois in the Lincoln Park neighborhood.
 Areia Creations Global Entertainment (ACGE) is a record label and talent agency specializing in Korean Pop (K-pop) based in Seoul South Korea.ACGE focus is to blend the current K-pop image with international trends that are beyond the Korean social and creative boundaries in order to appeal better to the emerging global K-pop market mainly by promoting artists for their personality.In order to better describe their vision they have declared a sub-genre of K-pop called “Global K-pop” attempting to create products specifically tailored for the peculiar taste of international K-pop fans. 
 Limb Music is an independent record label based in Hamburg Germany and specialized in various sub-genres of heavy metal music. It was also known as LMP which stood for Limb Music Products later changed to Limb Music GmbH. The music publishing firm Limb Music Publishing e.K. was established in 1989. Their mailorder company Forever Rock (http://www.forever-rock.de/) was founded in 2008.
 INPEX Corporation is a Japanese oil company established in February 1966 as North Sumatra Offshore Petroleum Exploration Co. Ltd.
 Apoteket AB is the national pharmaceuticals retailing former monopoly in Sweden. Apoteket AB formerly Apoteksbolaget is a government owned enterprise reporting to the Swedish Ministry of Health and Social Affairs.
 Kynetx Inc. is a privately held platform as a service (PaaS) company based in Lehi Utah. It provides a development platform for context automation using Kynetx Network Services to supply tools to developers to create context-aware applications that can run on browsers mobile phones and desktops.
 AirSea Lines was an airline based in Gouvia Corfu Greece. It was the first scheduled services seaplane operator in Greece in recent years. Its main base was Gouvia Marina The airline ceased operations in 2008 citing bureaucratic and infrastructure hurdles. The airline has since started to resurface as its website says.
 Covert Operations was a game developer founded in Scotland in 2000 by Niall Fraser. The company developed titles for a range of platforms including Interactive Digital Television mobile phones and handheld games devices. One notable title was the Game Boy Color version of Denki's award winning game Denki Blocks!In May 2003 Covert Operations was sold to pioneering game studio IOMO for an undiclosed sum.
 Second Chance is a body armor manufacturing company and was the first one to use kevlar for body armor. The company was founded in the early 1970s by former U.S. Marine and pizza delivery owner/driver Richard Davis. Davis developed the idea of a bulletproof vest after shooting three armed robbers in self-defense during a delivery. This incident was later documented in a 1995 book written by firearms instructor Massad Ayoob called The Ayoob Files: The Book.
 U3 was a joint venture between SanDisk and M-Systems producing a proprietary method of launching Windows applications from special USB flash drives. Flash drives adhering to the U3 specification are termed U3 smart drives. U3 smart drives come preinstalled with the U3 Launchpad which looks similar to the Windows OS start menu and controls program installation.
 Virtusa Corporation (NYSE: VRTU) is a global information technology services company founded in Sri Lanka and headquartered at Westborough Massachusetts USA.
 Entertaining Comics more commonly known as EC Comics was an American publisher of comic books specializing in horror fiction crime fiction satire military fiction and science fiction from the 1940s through the mid-1950s notably the Tales from the Crypt series. In 1954–55 censorship pressures prompted it to concentrate on the humor magazine Mad leading to the company's greatest and most enduring success.
 British Gulf International Co. LTD was a cargo airline based in Sharjah United Arab Emirates and operating from Sharjah and Dubai. Its main base is Sharjah International Airport with a hub at Dubai International Airport.
 Right At Home Realty Inc. (RAH) is now recognized by Real Trends as Canada's largest independent Real Estate Brokerage. Right At Home Realty is a regional residential Real Estate Brokerage that services the Greater Toronto Area (GTA). The company was founded in 2004 by the late Arthur Bartram Ron Peddicord and Howard Drukarsh.In 2011 Don Kottick the former Royal LePage Vice President took over from Mr.
 IRC Limited (IRC; simplified Chinese: 铁江现货有限公司; traditional Chinese: 鐵江現貨有限公司) (SEHK: 1029) is a Hong Kong-based business that is focused on exploring for developing and operating industrial commodity projects particularly in the mining sector. Its operations are centred in the Far East of Russia and in China's Heilongjiang Province.
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch is the corporate and investment banking division of Bank of America. It provides services in mergers and acquisitions equity and debt capital markets lending trading risk management research and liquidity and payments management. It was formed through the combination of the corporate and investment banking activities of Bank of America and Merrill Lynch following the acquisition of the latter by the former in January 2009.
 JSC Azərbaycan Hava Yolları (Azərbaycan Hava Yolları QSC) Azerbaijan Airlines (AZAL Azeri: Azərbaycan Hava Yolları) is the flag carrier of Azerbaijan with its head office in Baku. Its main base is Heydar Aliyev International Airport in Baku from which it operates a network of scheduled passenger and cargo services. The airlines is a member of the International Air Transport Association (IATA).
 BinckBank is an independent Dutch online discount broker the largest in the country.The broker was founded in 2000 by four former employees of the defunct brokerage firm IMG Holland. The company was only acting as a broker in the professional market between banks and derivative firms. In October of the same year Binck opened a retail branch for online customers. Major trading firm AOT financed the startup partly taking a 52% stake and bought the remaining shares in 2004.
 This article is about the Japanese video game developer. For the radio station in Hamilton Ontario Canada see CING-FM.Cing Inc. (株式会社シング Kabushiki-gaisha Shingu) (styled CiNG) was an independent video game developer based out of Fukuoka Japan. The company a small development house employing only 29 people was founded in April 1999 and was run by Takuya Miyagawa who served as President and CEO. Miyagawa also acted as the producer on all of Cing's titles.
 Powerchex was a UK-based pre-employment screening company specialising in the financial services sector in the City of London.Powerchex was a full member of the UK chapter of the National Association of Professional Background Screeners or NAPBS and was started by Alexandra Kelly in 2005 who is the former MD and owner of the company.In 2007 Powerchex won three awards at the Thames Gateway Business Awards including the 'Growth Business' 'Business of the Year' with Kelly scooping 'Business Person of the Year'. 
 The ABC was an American high wheeler automobile built by Amedee B. Cole in St. Louis Missouri USA from 1905 to 1910.Known as the Autobuggy from 1906 to 1908 it was billed as the cheapest high-grade car in America and was available with 18 hp (13 kW) two-cylinder and 30 hp (22 kW) four-cylinder engines friction drive and pneumatic or solid tires. The drive system used a cone and two bevel wheels one for forward and the other for reverse.
 FortisBC Inc is an electric power and gas distribution/retail company in the Canadian province of British Columbia and a subsidiary of Fortis Inc. Newfoundland-based Fortis Inc. is Canada’s largest private utility company.
 Thermaltake Technology Co. Ltd (Chinese: 曜越科技; pinyin: Yàoyuè Kējì) is a manufacturer of PC cases power supplies and cooling solutions. Its main headquarters is located in Taipei Taiwan. It has multiple manufacturing facilities in Mainland China including a major plant at Dongguan.Most of Thermaltake's production goes to be bought by customers with enough expertise to build their own PC systems.
 Turbo-Union Limited is a joint venture between three European aero-engine manufacturers FiatAvio (now Avio) MTU Aero Engines and Rolls-Royce.
 G3 Telecom is a privately owned telecommunications company based in Toronto. Established in 1999 it is a facilities-based telecommunications reseller registered with the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission and U.S. Federal Communications Commission and serves customers in both countries with over 3 million calls processed monthly.
 The Benenden Healthcare Society Limited (styled 'benenden health') is a mutual society in the UK providing private medical cover. Its membership consists of 900000 individuals and employees of corporate schemes provided by them. Benenden Health is shirt sponsor of York City Football Club for the 2012-2013 season.
 Supercell is a mobile game development company founded in June 2010 in Helsinki Finland. Ilkka Paananen is the company's CEO. The company's debut game was Gunshine.net. In 2011 Supercell started developing games for mobile devices and has since then released three games: Clash of Clans Hay Day and Boom Beach. Clash of Clans and Hay Day are freemium games and have been very successful for Supercell generating revenue of $2.4 million a day in 2013.
 Intratec was a firearm company based in Miami Florida. The company's most famous product was the TEC-9.
 Orbit Semiconductor is a recognized and established player in FPGA to ASIC conversionsand in ASIC to ASIC conversionswith a solid experience of thousands of successful conversions in the last 14 years.Orbit Semiconductor specializes in the low-cost high-volume consumer marketand the complementary low-to-medium volume communications industrial medical and military markets.Orbit Semiconductor has proprietary gate-array technology delivering a flexible response at low cost.
 Claycord.com News & Talk is an independent news blog.
 Mitie Group PLC is a British strategic outsourcing and energy services company with their head office in Bristol and more than 200 smaller offices throughout the UK and Ireland. Mitie operates mainly in the UK and Ireland with a growing presence in Europe. It provides infrastructure consultancy facilities management property maintenance and a range of energy management services to its customers. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
 Pelikan is a German yet Swiss-incorporated manufacturer of fountain pens and other writing office and art equipment credited with the invention of the differential-piston filling method.Their true history began with the model 100 and the modified 100N (both fountain pens) which sparked the genesis of the company's distinctive styling.The modern-day range includes a flagship line called the Majesty a sterling silver and palladium plated fountain pen rollerball pen and ball pen.
 Capital Area Transit System labeling itself CATS is a public transportation provider in East Baton Rouge Parish Louisiana. It serves the city and several west bank suburbs but does not travel outside parish boundaries or across the Mississippi River.
 Atlas Games is a company which publishes role-playing games board games and card games. Its founder and current president is John Nephew.Games published include:
 The Beck Group is a full-service builder that offers architecture construction real estate development and sustainable design and consulting as well as finance and technology services. The company is based in Dallas Texas and also has offices in Atlanta Austin Denver Fort Worth Houston Mexico City San Antonio and Tampa. The Beck Group was founded as a general contractor in Houston in 1912 and opened its Dallas office in 1924.
 Misfits Records is an independent record label conceived of in 2002 by founders Jerry Only of the Misfits and John Cafiero of Osaka Popstar. Intended to release Misfits material after the band's contractual obligations to Roadrunner Records were fulfilled by 2001's Cuts from the Crypt the label's first non-Misfits signing was Japanese horror punk band Balzac and its first release was the Misfits/Balzac split single Day the Earth Caught Fire.
 The Nelson Brewing Company is a brewery located in Nelson British Columbia not to be confused with The Nelson Brewing Company in Chatham Kent England. The original Nelson Brewing and Ice Company was founded in 1897 by Robert Reisterer. The brewery fell on hard times in the 1960s but in 1992 a group of local businessmen reopenned the brewery in its original historical building.
 Die Südostschweiz Mediengruppe is a Swiss publishing company headquartered in Chur Graubünden.
 Metropolis Coffee Company is a coffee roasting company and retailer located at 1039 W. Granville Avenue in Chicago Illinois. The company supplies coffee to several Chicago-area cafes and restaurants as well as Chicago locations of Whole Foods.
 Highbridge Capital Management LLC is a $25 billion multi-strategy alternative investment management firm founded by Glenn Dubin and Henry Swieca in 1992.
 Sound Transit Express (ST Express) is the bus network of Puget Sound transit agency Sound Transit. The agency based in Seattle Washington provides inter-county bus service throughout 53 cities in three counties (King Pierce and Snohomish). While Sound Transit oversees plans and funds the service operation and maintenance of the buses is contracted out to King County Metro Pierce Transit and Community Transit.
 Sioux City Transit is the primary provider of mass transportation in Woodbury County Iowa. Ten routes operate from Monday through Saturday. Via Route 9 a connection can also be made with the suburb of South Sioux City Nebraska across the Missouri River.
 ESPN Books is a publishing company operated by ESPN Started in 2004 ESPN Books has published almost 20 books. ESPN Books also is in charge of producing ESPN's yearly sports encyclopedia. It also controls its own book club and in addition it ranks the top selling sports books in ESPN Borders. Since 2008 it has co-published its books with Ballantine Books.Authors that have written books for ESPN Books include Bill Simmons Peter Keating and Ralph Wiley.
 Master-McNeil Inc. is a naming firm that focuses on naming products companies and brands. The Berkeley California firm was founded in 1988 by SB Master and is one of the four original naming firms in the world.Specifically Master-McNeil’s naming process includes the following: linguistic analysis trademark searching and often domain name acquisition.
 UTV Ignition Entertainment Ltd. is a British video game publisher formed in April 2002. It was created from a selection of smaller developers and publishers such as Archer MacLean's Awesome Studios. In 2007 the company was acquired by the Indian media conglomerate UTV Software Communications and opened two new branches: Ignition Tokyo in Japan and Ignition Florida in the United States.
 John Crown & Sons Ltd was a British shipbuilding company founded in 1847 and based on the River Wear Sunderland.
 Western was an American low-cost airline headquartered in Bellingham Washington and operated from a hub at Bellingham International Airport.
 Black Industries was the role-playing game imprint of BL Publishing the publishing arm of Games Workshop. It was announced on January 28 2008 that it would cease operations after its products currently scheduled for release are published. Its first release was the second edition of the Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay game. A fourth edition of the Talisman fantasy board game was released in October 2007.
 Towle Marine Aircraft Engineering Company was an American aircraft manufacturer of light amphibious aircraft.The short lived Towle Marine Aircraft Engineering Company and its successor Towle Aircraft Company were founded by former Stout Metal Airplane Division of the Ford Motor Company engineer Thomas Towle initially to build a custom round-the world amphibious aircraft and follow-on aircraft based on the design.In a 1930 patent Towle listed the Towle Aircraft Company as part of the Michigan Amphibian Airplane Corporation.At the height of the depression financing was difficult. 
 Kiwi International Air Lines (IATA: KP ICAO: KIA Call sign: Kiwi Air) was a Part 121 American airline that operated from September 21 1992 to March 24 1999. It had its headquarters in the Hemisphere Center in Newark New Jersey.Kiwi International was founded by a group of Eastern Air Lines pilots led by Robert Iverson in a plan to re-employ former Eastern and Pan Am pilots and managers using their help and capital. In its history the airline flew 8000000 passengers without an incident.
 Bralima is a brewing company of the Democratic Republic of the Congo with 5 breweries founded in 1923. The brewery is owned by Heineken International.
 Riyad Bank is one of the largest financial institutions in Saudi Arabia ranked third in assets. It was established in 1957. The Saudi government owns 51% of the shares of the firm. The company is regulated by the Saudi Arabian Monetary Association.
 Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation is a subsidiary of the Indian Railways that handles the catering tourism and online ticketing operations of the railways.
 Sanmar Properties Limited is a real estate and land development company based on Chittagong. Sanmar Properties Limited's primary focus is to develop the land owned by the Sanmar Group into offices hotels service apartments branded residences shopping malls and retail spaces. Sanmar Properties limited is currently working on developing the Sanmar Tower and Sanmar Avenue Tower.
 Strategic Name Development is a naming company co-founded in 1992 by William Lozito and Diane Prange.
 The Ho-Ping Power Company (HPC; Chinese: 和平电力; pinyin: Hépíng Diànlì) is an independent power producer company in Taiwan. The company is the subsidiary of Taiwan Cement Company and One Energy Holdings Limited.
 Jaipur Rugs is a handmade carpets company. Headquartered in Jaipur (India) its operations span across 10 states of India through its network of over 20 branches and an independent weaver base of 40000.
 Zeneca (officially Zeneca Group PLC) was a British multinational pharmaceutical company headquartered in London United Kingdom.
 The Clark International Airport Corporation (CIAC) is a parastatal company responsible for the operation of Clark International Airport.
 Bolero Records is an independent record label established in March of 2002 by world renowned Nuevo Flamenco guitarist Armik based in Tarzana California. In addition to Armik their artist roster includes guitarists Young & Rollins Romero and Jason McGuire.
 FontShop International is an international manufacturer of digital typefaces (fonts) based in Berlin and one of the large type foundries that exist today.All the typefaces are published as part of the FontFont library. The library contains type designs by 160 type designers among them renowned designers such as Peter Biľak Evert Bloemsma Erik van Blokland Neville Brody Martin Majoor Albert-Jan Pool Hans Reichel Just van Rossum Fred Smeijers and Erik Spiekermann.
 Level Plane was a record label based in New York City that tended to aim towards traditional emo and screamo artists.Level Plane was founded in early 1997 by Greg Drudy in order to put a label and an address on the back of Saetia's first 7. Drudy ran the label until it ceased to exist in 2009.Level Plane Records released screamo dream pop post-hardcore ambient noise and experimental rock.
 Monadnock Lifetime Products Inc. is a weapons manufacturer providing equipment to law enforcement and private security companies. Monadnock is well known for several models of police baton they produce. The company is one of several subsidiaries under Safariland LLC
 Cimber Sterling A/S also known as Cimber Air and styled as Cimber Sterling was a Danish airline based in Sønderborg Sønderborg Municipality Denmark operating scheduled domestic and international services in co-operation with Scandinavian Airlines (SAS) and Lufthansa. Its main bases were Copenhagen Airport and Billund Airport with a smaller base at Aalborg Airport. The airline filed for bankruptcy on 3 May 2012.
 CenturyTel of Adamsville Inc. is a telephone operating of CenturyLink providing local telephone services to communities in Tennessee including Adamsville and Yellow Creek. The company was founded in 1951. The company was formerly named Century Telephone of Adamsville Inc. from 1994 to 1998.The company has been owned by CenturyLink which was formerly CenturyTel.
 Mission Network News (MNN) is the broadcast ministry of Cornerstone University that reports on the work on mission agencies and relief organizations around the world. Mission Network News was started in 1991 by World Concern a ministry of Christa Ministries. The radio network started on the air on more than 200 Christian radio stations primarily in the United States. Hosted by Peter Brooks MNN grew to more than 750 radio outlets around the world.
 Empire Theatres Limited was a movie theatre chain in Canada. A subsidiary of Empire Company Ltd. the holding company of the Sobey family conglomerate.In June 2013 Empire announced it would exit the movie theatre business selling the vast majority of locations to Cineplex (24 in Atlantic Canada) and Landmark Cinemas (23 in Ontario and western Canada including two locations originally slated to be purchased by Cineplex and the Downtown Ottawa theatre).
 Sculptured Software Inc. was a late twentieth century video game developer in the Salt Lake City Utah metropolitan area. They specialized in porting games to different platforms especially from arcade games to home console games.
 The Atlantic Steam Navigation Company was founded in 1934 with the original object of providing a no-frills transatlantic passenger service. A combination of difficult economic conditions and then World War II frustrated these early ambitions.In 1946 the opportunity was taken to lease war-surplus LSTs from the Admiralty and start the world's first roll-on roll-off ferry service.
 SED Systems is a communications company supplying both systems and services to the satellite industry. Originating in 1965 SED is located in the Innovation Place Research Park on the University of Saskatchewan campus.
 Private Media Group Inc. is a production and distribution company that distributes adult entertainment via print publications DVDs the internet and mobile. Private magazine was established in Stockholm Sweden in 1965 as the world's first full-color hardcore magazine by Berth Milton Sr. In the early 1990s his son Berth Milton Jr. took over and moved the company's headquarters to Sant Cugat del Vallès Barcelona Spain although the company is incorporated in Nevada.
 Fred. Olsen Energy is a Norwegian offshore drilling rig company offering services for the offshore industry within development and production of oil and gas. The company operates in two segments; Offshore Drilling and Engineering & Fabrication the latter of which includes the Northern Irish shipyard Harland and Wolff. Fred. Olsen Energy has its headquarters in Oslo and offices in Stavanger UK Brazil Mexico Hungary India USA and Singapore.
 The BBC Radio Collection was an imprint or record label used for audio books from the British Broadcasting Corporation mainly of previously broadcast material. As a label it was replaced by BBC Audio in 2004.The titles edited and published by BBC Audio can be categorized as follows: Fiction and dramaNon-fictionComedyChildren's books PoetryThe focus of the published audiobooks was to a large degree on their many popular comedy series.
 Panther Games Pty Ltd (Panther Games) is an Australian games developer best known for the WWII Airborne Assault and Command Ops PC video game series. Panther Games specialises in developing operational level wargames for the PC Wargame market.
 Psi Prime Inc is a web programming firm specializing in building websites for retail jewelers in New York City.Matthew Perosi CEO founded the company in response to the impact that online jewelers had on Manhattan’s Diamond District a near-century-old historical landmark and primary hub of the worldwide diamond industry.As diamond retailers increasingly lose business to online jewelers companies like Psi Prime help Internet-wary brick and mortar retailers adapt to the times through retail e-commerce.
 Telekom Austria Group is a provider of a range of fixed-line mobile data and Internet services. The company has a 100 percent share in Austrian telecommunications provider A1 Telekom Austria. Its headquarters are in Vienna.Telekom Austria operates subsidiaries in eight European countries: Austria Belarus Bulgaria Croatia Liechtenstein Macedonia Serbia and Slovenia.
 Vidiator was a fully owned subsidiary of Hutchison Whampoa founded by Connie Wong in 2002 to provide 3G video products to the Hutchison 3 group. The company's last president and CEO was Tae Sung Park who joined in 2009.Vidiator's streaming and encoding platforms are media player agnostic and support the most requested video and audio codecs.
 TiVo Inc. is an American corporation whose primary product is the marketing and subscription services for its TiVo branded digital video recorder. TiVo primarily operates in the United States but also in: Australia Canada Mexico New Zealand Puerto Rico Taiwan and the United Kingdom and Western Europe.
 The Aerated Bread Company Ltd (Aërated Bread Company or A.B.C.) was founded in the United Kingdom (UK) in 1862 by Dr. John Dauglish. Its aim was to mass produce healthy additive-free breads using a new bread leavening technology invented by the company's founder.
 Janssen-Cilag is a subsidiary of the Johnson & Johnson pharmaceutical company. The company was founded in the early 1990s by a merger between Janssen Pharmaceutica and Cilag.
 Dynegy Inc. is an electric utility company based in Houston Texas in the United States. It owns and operates a number of power stations in the U.S. all of which are natural gas-fired or coal-fired. The company is located at 601 Travis Street in Downtown Houston. The company was founded in 1984 as Natural Gas Clearinghouse. It was originally an energy brokerage buying and selling natural gas supplies.
 Pachamama Cine is a film distribution company based in Buenos Aires Argentina
 First American Financial Corporation is a United States financial services company and is a leading provider of title insurance and settlement services to the real estate and mortgage industries.First American provides financial services through its Title Insurance and Services segment and its Specialty Insurance segment.
 Cardinal Health Inc. is a Fortune 500 health care services company based in Dublin Ohio. The firm specializes in distribution of pharmaceuticals and medical products serving more than 60000 locations. The firm also manufactures medical and surgical products including gloves surgical apparel and fluid management products. In addition it operates the nation’s largest network of radiopharmacies.
 Larian Studios is a Belgian game developer which was founded in 1996 by Swen Vincke who derived its name from his dog Pilar. It currently focuses on developing role-playing video game and educational games apart from LEDWars which is a hardcore strategy game and a number of casino games.[additional citation needed]Larian's first project was called The Lady the Mage and the Knight (LMK).
 Halberstädter Flugzeugwerke or Halberstadt was a German aircraft manufacturer. It was formed in April 1912 as a British-German joint venture under the name German Bristol works Flugzeuggesellschaft mbH in Halberstadt. Initially the plant produced Bristol Boxkites and Bristol Prier monoplanes but expanded into their own developments. In September 1913 the company was renamed Halberstädter Flugzeugwerke GmbH.
 The Transit Authority of Northern Kentucky (TANK) is the public transit system serving the Northern Kentucky suburbs of Cincinnati Ohio located in Kenton County Boone County and Campbell County.
 Argus Media Ltd (formerly known as Petroleum Argus Ltd) is an independent media organisation with nearly 500 full-time staff. It is headquartered in London England and has offices in each of the world’s principal energy centres.
 Neshaminy Creek Brewing Company is a microbrewery founded in 2010 in the town of Croydon in lower Bucks County Pennsylvania. It is considered to be the first production brewery in the county which borders the city of Philadelphia.
 Wirefly was an online retailer of wireless services and devices operated by parent company Simplexity. Wirefly was headquartered in Reston Virginia and maintained technology and operations centers in Largo Maryland.[citation needed] Wirefly also operated a YouTube channel which provides video reviews and comparisons of hot products.
 Plasson Industries Ltd. is a global manufacturer of plastic fittings for plastic pipes used in water distribution systems gas conveyance systems industrial fluid transfer and wastewater systems and mines. Additionally its division 'Plasson Poultry' is a leading manufacturer of systems for Poultry farming. The company’s shares are traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange and are included in the TA-100 Index
 Norport Handling AS is an aircraft ground handling company that operates at four Norwegian airports: Bergen Airport Flesland Stavanger Airport Sola Haugesund Airport Karmøy and Moss Airport Rygge. The company has 320 employees and more than 110 customers. Revenue was NOK 120 million in 2008.
 Flying Dutchman Records was a jazz record label which was owned by veteran music industry executive producer and songwriter Bob Thiele. Initially distributed by Atlantic Records Thiele made a five album deal in 1972 with Mega Records to issue five albums in the Flying Dutchman Series.
 Summit Partners is a growth equity investment firm that invests in exceptional companies. The firm provides growth equity venture capital and credit investments for growth recapitalizations and management buyouts.Founded in 1984 Summit is based in Boston Massachusetts and has offices in Menlo Park California; and London England.
 SkyBahamas is an airline based in Nassau Bahamas.The airline operates scheduled service within the Bahamas (Exuma San Salvador Freeport Marsh Harbour Cat Island North Eleuthera Long Island New Providence) and Ft. Lauderdale Florida as well as ad hoc charters to the Caribbean.
 Tambov Avia was a passenger charter airline based in Tambov Russia.
 Kingdom Breweries is Cambodia's craft beer brewery located in Phnom Penh Cambodia founded by Leopard Capital. The brewery sits alongside the banks of the Tonlé Sap river on the north end of Cambodia's capital and is housed in a renovated factory formerly occupied by Nestlé.
 TeleGrafix Communications Inc. was a software company in Huntington Beach California that developed the Remote Imaging Protocol the RIPscrip scripting language the RIPterm terminal emulator and the RIPaint authoring tool. TeleGrafix published the Remote Imaging Protocol (RIP) specification in 1991.
 Yourbus is a bus and coach operator. It runs commercial and tendered local bus services and express coaches services from depots in Heanor Tuxford and Durham. In May 2014 it will commence operating in Sydney Australia.
 Nighthawk Custom is an American firearm company based in Berryville Arkansas United States of America that manufactures custom M1911 pistols rifles shotguns and tactical knives for competition shooters military law enforcement and self-defense.
 Aksys Games Localization Inc. is a video game publisher that specializes in translating and localizing Japanese video games for English-speaking markets. It was founded by Akibo Shieh in 2006. Some of its clients include Namco Bandai Games Xseed Games and Atlus USA. Aksys Games is best known for its involvement in the Guilty Gear series.
 Simonds of Botesdale are a bus and coach operator based in Diss. They operate bus services in the Diss Norwich Ipswich and Bury St Edmunds areas of East Anglia as well as coach charter services. They operate a number of county council public bus routes in Norfolk and Suffolk as well as school buses.As of October 2013 Simonds operated 13 bus servicesusing a fleet of 52 buses and coaches. under the branding of Simonds CountryLink.
 McKenna Long & Aldridge LLP (MLA) is a United States-based international law and public policy firm. It has more than 575 attorneys and public policy advisors in 13 offices and 11 markets.
 The British School of Motoring (BSM) is a driving school in the United Kingdom providing training in vehicle operation and road safety.BSM has around 2100 driving instructors. RAC's parent company Aviva sold BSM to Arques Industries AG in February 2009. In November 2009 the business was then sold to Managing Directors Abu-Haris Shafi and Nikolai Kesting and has since been acquired by Acromas Holdings which is also the holding company for The AA and SAGA in January 2011.
 The Advertising Specialty Institute (ASI) is the largest for profit organization serving the advertising specialty industry (which mainly creates and distributes promotional products). Members of ASI include both manufacturers and suppliers of promotional merchandise as well as promotional product distributors. ASI's main business is organizing and classifying suppliers' products in catalogs allowing for easy reference by promotional product distributors and sales people.
 WebberBus is a privately owned company that operates bus services around Bridgwater Minehead Taunton Street Glastonbury and Wells in Somerset and also around Weston-super-Mare in North Somerset England. It operates regular inter-urban services radiating from Taunton on a commercial basis as well as a number of rural services and local town routes under contract to Somerset County Council and North Somerset Council.
 Decker Brothers was an American piano manufacturer located in the John H. Edelmann designed Decker Building in New York New York on the national register of historic places. The company began to produce pianos in 1865 created by David Decker and John Decker after the brothers were awarded many piano patents.
 Paradigm Partners is a niche consulting firm specializing in complex international federal and state tax and funding incentives for both public and private entities across a host of industries. The company’s staff consists of intellectual property and tax attorneys engineers and PhDs.
 Ridinghouse is a British book publisher specialising in art.Ridinghouse’s publications are distributed by Cornerhouse in the UK and Europe and by RAM Publications + Distribution Inc. in North America.
 Groupe Banque Populaire is a French group of cooperative banks. It is controlled by 18 regional banks the CASDEN Banque Populaire and the Crédit Coopératif. In 2006 Groupe Banque Populaire created a new company with another French cooperative banking group Groupe Caisse d'Epargne in order to create Natixis. The new Investment Bank is the result of the spin-off of the two Investment Banks of the two groups : Banque Populaire's Natexis and Caisse d'Epargne's IXIS Corporate and Investment Bank.
 7th Level was a video game development company based in Dallas Texas and founded in 1993.
 Sallsell Inc. (Arabic: سلسل) is a centralized network of online Arab countries for posting local online classified advertisements. It is a company launched in September 2009. Sallsell's website is currently available for 18 countries including: Saudi Arabia Egypt UAE (United Arab Emirates) Qatar Bahrain Morocco Algeria Tunisia Libya Jordan Syria Lebanon Palestine Sudan Yemen Oman Kuwait and Iraq.
 CSC Media Group (formerly known as Chart Show Channels) are a UK-based satellite television channel provider.
 Hersha Hospitality Trust is an American real estate investment trust publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange.
 German Aircraft GmbH is a former aircraft manufacturer. Its main product was the German Aircraft Sky-Maxx formerly produced as the S.A.I. Aeronautica G97 Spotter developed by Stephan Kohl. Kohl renamed his aircraft the Kohl Mythos (Greek for legend or story) and put it into production himself under contract in Italy.
 ST Aerospace Mobile formerly known as ST Mobile Aerospace Engineering provides commercial aircraft maintenance to the North and South American aerospace markets. It is located within the Brookley Aeroplex in Mobile Alabama and is one of the largest employers in Mobile County Alabama. The work force includes technical engineering and administrative personnel consisting mainly of licensed aircraft mechanics.
 Norbord Inc. is an international forest products company headquartered in Toronto Ontario. It has 15 operations located in Canada the United States and Europe with assets of US$ 1.4 billion and annual sales in excess of $1 billion.
 Walter de Gruyter GmbH (German: [ˈɡʁɔʏ̯tɐ] or [ˈxʁɔʏ̯tɐ]; brand name: De Gruyter) is a scholarly publishing house specializing in academic literature. The company has its roots in the bookstore of the Königlichen Realschule in Berlin which had been granted the royal privilege to print books by King Frederick II of Prussia in 1749. In 1801 the store was taken over by Georg Reimer.
 QuayLink is a bus service in Tyne and Wear England operated by Go North East under contract to Newcastle and Gateshead Councils and Nexus.Quaylink links both the Newcastle and Gateshead Quayside area of the River Tyne with the centres of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead and to the other local public transport bus metro and rail modes.
 Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft (DMG) (Daimler Motors Corporation) was a German engine and later automobile manufacturer in operation from 1890 until 1926. Founded by Gottlieb Daimler and Wilhelm Maybach it was based first in Cannstatt (today Bad Cannstatt a city district of Stuttgart). Daimler died in 1900 and their business moved in 1903 to Stuttgart-Untertürkheim after the original factory was destroyed by fire and again to Berlin in 1922.
 ABG Shipyard Limited is a Ahmedabad based shipbuilding company in India.
 Washington H. Soul Pattinson and Company Limited is an Australian investment company founded by businessman Lewy Pattinson.
 Thrifty PayLess Holdings Inc. was a pharmacy holding company that owned the Thrifty Drugs and PayLess Drug Stores chains in the western United States.The combined company was formed in April 1994 when Los Angeles-based TCH Corporation the parent company of Thrifty Corporation and Thrifty Drug Stores Inc. acquired the Kmart subsidiary PayLess Northwest Inc.At the time of the merger TCH Corporation was renamed Thrifty PayLess Holdings Inc.
 HeungKong Group Limited is a business corporation in the People's Republic of China. HeungKong Group through its subsidiaries engages in furniture retailing real estate development commercial construction aluminium refining and finance and investment businesses in China. It offers home furniture office furniture and household products. The company also operates a chain of furniture retail stores.
 Aviast Air Ltd. (Russian: ООО «Авиакомпания «АВИАСТ ЭЙР») was a cargo airline based in Moscow Russia. It operated scheduled and chartered services throughout Russia and the CIS mainly out of Domodedovo International Airport or to a lesser extent Yaroslavl Airport. The company was founded in 1992 and liquidated in 2011.
 Adria Airways d.d. formerly Inex-Adria Airways is the Slovenian national airline. Today the majority of Adria Airways business is in scheduled flights. Adria operates to 22 scheduled destinations throughout Europe. It is a Star Alliance member since 2004 and a Lufthansa partner since 1996. IOSA Registration was received among the first airlines in the world.The company’s head office is Ljubljana Airport in Zgornji Brnik Cerklje na Gorenjskem Slovenia near Ljubljana.
 The Film Collaborative (TFC) is the first non-profit full-service provider dedicated to the distribution of independent film including narrative features documentaries and shorts. Based in Los Angeles The Film Collaborative services filmmakers worldwide and is a distributor of art house independent and world cinema.
 The Bourse Régionale des Valeurs Mobilières SA (Regional Securities Exchange SA) or BRVM is a regional stock exchange serving the following west African countries: 23x Benin 23x Burkina Faso 23x Guinea Bissau 23x Côte d'Ivoire 23x Mali 23x Niger 23x Senegal 23x Togo. The exchange is located in Abidjan Cote d'Ivoire. Market offices are maintained in each country.BRVM is a private corporation with 2904300000 CFA francs in capital.
 Thurleigh Investment Managers LLP is an investment management firm based in central London. Thurleigh began business in 2003 founded by Charles MacKinnon and David Rosier. Thurleigh currently employs sixteen staff in its London offices and has a portfolio of roughly £270 million.Thurleigh's clients are predominantly private clients and it specialises in wealth management.
 Bibletone Records was organized in 1942 in New York City by Arthur Becker.The company was the first all-gospel label to release 331⁄3 rpm albums of their releases.
 Union City Transit is a public transit service in Union City California in the San Francisco Bay Area. It began operations in 1974 with the opening of the Union City BART station. The service was formerly known as the Flea. As of October 12 2013 Union City Transit is using a nine bus lines connect riders to local destinations such as schools shopping centers and the Union City BART station.
 Digital Networks North America Inc. is a Delaware USA Corporation incorporated in 2003.DNNA's headquarters are in Santa Clara California.It is a division of D&M Holdings and supports the former Escient Rio and replayTV brands.
 Motovario S.p.A. is an Italian manufacturing company of power transmission components for civil and industrial applications.
 Globo Filmes is a Brazilian company of movie productions owned by Organizações Globo.
 The American Association of Petroleum Geologists (AAPG) is one of the world's largest professional geological societies with over 31000 members as of 2007.
 GainSpan is a San Jose California-based semiconductor solutions company that designs and markets wireless connectivity products for the Internet of Things. It offers Wi-Fi chips software and embedded Wi-Fi modules. The company is known for providing Wi-Fi technology for the residential housing healthcare and smart energy industries and for its development of Wi-Fi chips that consume ultra-low power levels. Greg Winner is the company’s president and CEO.
 The Electricity Authority of Cyprus (EAC) (Greek: Αρχή Ηλεκτρισμού Κύπρου (ΑΗΚ)) whose head office is located in Strovolos currently holds a near monopoly on electricity generation in Cyprus.
 European Drinks & Foods is one of the largest Romanian holding companies located in Ştei Bihor County. The holding is formed by three companies European Drinks European Foods and Scandic Distilleries specialised in producing food and drink products.
 SAIC Motor Corporation Limited (informally SAIC formerly Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation) is a Chinese state-owned automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Shanghai China with multinational operations. One of the Big Four Chinese automakers (along with Chang'an Motors FAW Group and Dongfeng Motor) the company had the largest production volume of any Chinese automaker in 2012 producing around 3.5 million units.
 University of Toronto Press (UTP) is Canada's leading scholarly publisher and one of the largest university presses in North America. Founded in 1901 UTP has published over 6500 books with well over 3500 of these still in print.The Scholarly Publishing division produces approximately 175 titles per year and the Higher Education division publishes around 25 titles per year.
 Beaverbrooks is a British jeweller. Established in 1919 with the opening of its first store in Belfast and still a family-owned business with direct descendants of the founders (the fourth and fifth generations of the Brown and Adlestone families)the custodians. The current CEO Anna Blackburn has worked for beaverbrooks for 15 years starting her career working in the Trafford branch and working her way up the ranks.
 Mikuni Corporation (株式会社ミクニ Kabushiki-gaisha Mikuni) is a leading Japanese carburettor manufacturing company that was founded in 1923 and incorporated in 1948. Their business activities are centred on carburettors fuel injectors and other automobile related equipment. The operations are carried through the following divisions: Automobile-related Living and Environment related goods and Sale of imported goods.
 Comics Guaranty LLC also known as CGC is a Sarasota Florida comic book grading service. CGC is an independent member of the Certified Collectibles Group of companies. It is the first independent and impartial third party grading service for comic books. The company was launched in early 2000 and has since gone on to become a notable part of the comic book collecting community. CGC's current President Mark Haspel (as of July 2008) is also the company's primary grader.
 Bergine launched in March 2010 as the first luxury deal-of-the-day site in the United States. Co-founded by husband/wife team Ian Picache and Patricia Calfee Bergine provided daily flash-sale offers to restaurants spas and boutiques at up to 70% off retail prices.
 ACTION is a bus service operator in Canberra Australia.
 The Cott Corporation is a supplier of private label carbonated soft drinks distributing to Canada the United States Mexico the United Kingdom and Europe.
 Flygprestanda AB (ICAO: FPA ) is a Swedish aviation company specializing in the support of takeoff and landing calculations. This is done in part through their 'Guru' software powered by an airport database derived partly from national Aeronautical Information Publications and NOTAMS. As of January 2011 the database covers more than 6000 airports.One of their other core services is the creation of Route Performance Manuals which deal with the efficiency of aircraft operations.
 Publishing houses in the Soviet Union with the exception of the brief initial period and the period of perestroika before the dissolution of the Soviet Union were state enterprises under strict ideological control and censorship for the compliance with the communist ideology under the guidelines of the CPSU.
 Measurements And Controls India Limited (MACIL) is a product based company in Bangalore. MACIL develops manufactures and supplies transmission and access products for the telecom infrastructure in India.
 The Ganz (Ganz vállalatok Ganz companies) electric works in Budapest is probably best known for the manufacture of tramcars but was also a pioneer in the application of three-phase alternating current to electric railways. Ganz also made: ships (Ganz Danubius) bridge steel structures (Ganz Acélszerkezet) high voltage equipment (Ganz Transelektro). Some engineers employed by Ganz in the field were Kálmán Kandó and Ottó Bláthy. The company is named after Ábrahám Ganz.
 The Atlas car was built in Springfield Massachusetts from 1907-1911 (and became the Atlas-Knight for 1912–1913).After Harry Knox left the company that had been building Knox cars in Springfield he established the Knox Motor Truck Company in 1905 to produce Atlas commercial vehicles. His former partners at his previous firm took him to court over the name. After he was forbidden from using the Knox name he formed the Atlas Motor Car Company in late 1907.
 Southern Natural Gas Company headquartered in Birmingham Alabama is a natural gas pipeline company that was founded in 1928 and is currently a division of El Paso Corporation. The company was a division of Sonat Inc. until 1999 when Sonat and El Paso merged. The Company operates the Southern Natural Pipeline and currently has approximately 8000 miles of pipeline.
 Hans Rudolph Incorporated was founded by Hans Rudolph who in 1938 began designing pulmonary function testing (PFT) equipment. One of his most successful devices was a PFT high velocity valve. Today the company is a designer and manufacturer of various supplies and pieces of equipment used in various healthcare settings.
 Fenesta is a UPVC windows manufacturer and belongs to the DSCL group. It is headquartered in Gurgaon Haryana and has sales and marketing offices in India. The company also has five factories located in Bhiwadi Mumbai Bangalore Chennai and Hyderabad and a sixth factory under construction in Kolkata.Fenesta make noise-proof windows and doors and monsoon-proof windows.
 ERGO (ERGO Insurance Group German: ERGO Versicherungsgruppe) is one of the major insurance groups in Europe. Worldwide ERGO is represented in more than 30 countries and concentrates on Europe and Asia. In Europe ERGO claims to be no. 1 in the health and legal expenses insurance segments and in its home market of Germany it is among the market leaders.
 Foncière des Régions (pronounced: [fɔ̃.sjɛʁ dɛ ʁe.ʒjɔ̃]) is a holding company of real estate investment (REIT) companies that own residential and commercial properties in 8 countries (mostly Europe). Its business comes from the rental and leasing of properties (including hotels and car lots) over 70% of which is office space in France and Italy (in 2009 vacancy rates were at 5.3% in France in other major markets like Rome Italy rental income was lower because office space use was halved).
 Mio Technology develops and markets GPS navigation mobile system services. The brand was established in May 2002 and now has operations in Taiwan mainland China Europe North America Australia Japan and South Korea. Mio currently employees 1200+ employees worldwide and sells and markets its products in over 56 countries and territories.
 Emami Limited is an Indian producer of fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) such as cosmetics and health and baby products. The company is based in Kolkata.
 JATCO (ジヤトコ株式会社 Japanese Automatic Transmission Company) is a subsidiary of Nissan which manufactures automatic transmissions for automobiles. Originally Mazda was also a partner.
 The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (SGX: O39 OTC Pink: OVCHY) (Simplified Chinese: 华侨银行有限公司) abbreviated as OCBC Bank (华侨银行) is a publicly listed financial services organisation with its head office in Singapore. OCBC Bank has assets of more than 224 billion SGD. As of November 2010 the bank is the largest local bank in Singapore by market capitalisation. However it is the smallest local bank in Singapore by global presence.
 Picatic is an online ticketing company. Picatic’s crowd-funding platform for event ticket sales allows promoters to create event pages to generate funding before events are booked. Picatic is known for creating crowdfunding solutions specifically within the events industry.Jayesh Parmar founded Picatic in 2008. The company has offices in Toronto Saskatoon San Francisco and New York City.
 PacificFlier was a short-lived airline based in Koror Palau operating chartered passenger flights out of its base at Roman Tmetuchl International Airport. The airline only had one single aircraft a leased Airbus A310-300 which was equipped with 194 passenger seats 18 of which were located in business class.
 Premium AEROTEC is an aerospace manufacturing business headquartered in Augsburg in Germany. It is a subsidiary of EADS.
 Xpress Air established itself as a Domestic Regular Airline that offers direct flights to the Eastern parts of Indonesia with its first leap in the year 2005. Since then Xpress Air with its two Boeing 737s became the first privately owned scheduled Airline that connects Jakarta to 24 domestic destinations like Makassar (formerly known as Ujung Pandang) Ternate Sorong Manokwari and Jayapura.
 Unplugged Cities LLC is an ISP that specializes in Metro WiFi internet connections generally in partnership with a city or township. Unplugged Cities also provides webhosting WLAN and Point-to-Point wireless connections in the Twin Cities Minnesota area.
 The Gessler company is an Austrian company that produces liqueur such as Altvater as well as Monopolowa vodka.
 Proton Holdings Berhad (stylized PROTON) is a Malaysian automobile manufacturer. It is headquartered in Shah Alam Selangor and operates an additional manufacturing plant in Tanjung Malim Perak. The company was established in 1983 as the sole national car company until the advent of Perodua in 1993. Proton is a Malay acronym for Perusahaan Otomobil Nasional Sendirian Berhad.
 Oneupweb Digital is a digital marketing agency based in Traverse City Michigan. The company provides various digital marketing services including social media marketing creative design and mobile application development search engine optimization (SEO) and Pay per Click (PPC) services.
 Wilkins Farago is an independent Australian book publishing house founded in Melbourne in 1998. It is best known for publishing children's picture books translated from foreign languages into English.
 Hallmark Records is a British record label.
 Helios Airways was a low-cost Cypriot airline operating scheduled and charter flights between Cyprus and many European destinations. It has its corporate headquarters on the grounds of Larnaca International Airport in Larnaca. Its main base was Larnaca International Airport. Flights ceased on 6 November 2006 because the company's aircraft were detained and its bank accounts frozen by the Government of Cyprus.
 Applebee’s International Inc. is an American company which develops franchises and operates the Applebee's Neighborhood Grill and Bar restaurant chain. As of December 2011 there were 2019 restaurants operating system-wide in the United States one U.S. territory (Puerto Rico) and 15 other countries.
 Family Tree DNA is a division of Gene by Gene a commercial genetic testing company based in Houston Texas. Family Tree DNA offers analysis of autosomal DNA Y-DNA and mitochondrial DNA to individuals for genealogical purposes.
 Galaxy Studios is a music recording mixing mastering and post-production facility established in 1980 by two brothers Wilfried and Guy Van Baelen. It is the home of the Auro 3D sound technology invented and developed by CEO Wilfried Van Baelen in 2005.Galaxy studios facilitates in Mol Belgium various music and film post workflows: music recording music mixing mastering sound-editorial services foley dubbing audio-post mixing film grading and film mastering.
 Urban Brain Studios is a Studio City CA based software company that develops video game design tools for PC.Their most recent software Chat Mapper provides a basis for prototyping nonlinear conversations in video games and is the first commercial software package designed solely for this purpose. The software concept is based loosely on works by Owen et al. and Arinbjarnar describing the importance of interactive nonlinear dialogue in video games.
 Peminat/Persekutuan Gusti Malaysia (PGM) or known as Malaysian Wrestling Federation/Fans (MWF) is a Malaysian publicly traded privately controlled entertainment company that providing the latest information on professional wrestling organization and it is also exclusive and special in Malay Language for pure wrestling fans in Malaysia. The organization was first created on March 14 2010 in Facebook website.
 Quarterstick Records is a sublabel of Touch and Go Records.
 Brijnandan Singh Bhar & Co is a Malaysian law firm headquartered in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia with two office locations in Penang and Kedah. The firm is focused on multi-disciplinary multi-jurisdictional and cross-border deals and litigation.
 Caja de Ahorros de Navarra or Caja Navarra or CAN was a medium-sized savings bank based in the Navarre province of northern Spain with headquarters in Pamplona.
 The Ateliers Clérissy were pottery factories specializing in faience operated by members of the Clérissy family in Moustiers-Sainte-Marie in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence in Marseille France and elsewhere.Family members continued to produce faïence in different locations until 1733.
 BetaShares is a company based in Sydney Australia and is one of the leading providers of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and other ASX-traded funds. The company has been active in introducing a range of innovative products into the Australian ETF landscape including Australia's first currency hedged ETF Australia's first range of commodity ETFs Australia's first range of currency ETFs and Australia's first ETF using Fundamentally based indexes
 Broadway Bank is a community bank founded in 1941 and encompasses most of Central Texas. As of 2009 It operates approximately thirty-eight branches.
 Sammy Corporation (サミー株式会社) was established on November 1 1975 and is a leading developer and retailer of pachinko and pachislot systems in Japan.In 2001 Sammy Corporation created a subsidiary Sammy Entertainment Inc. It would later change its name to Sammy Studios in 2002. Sammy Studios is responsible for developing and publishing next-generation video games.
 The Jelly Belly Candy Company or simply Jelly Belly formerly known as The Herman Goelitz Candy Company makes the Jelly Belly jelly bean and other candy. The company is based in Fairfield California and produces more than 37 million pounds (17000 tons) of candy annually at its Fairfield North Chicago Illinois and Pleasant Prairie Wisconsin facilities which have nearly 800000 square feet (74000 m2) of production space among them.
 AS Ekebergbanen was a private company that built and operated the Ekeberg Line in Oslo Norway. It was founded 27 March 1914 and the line opened 11 June 1917 from Stortorvet to Sæter. The company also built a line to Simensbråten that was closed 29 October 1967. Ekebergbanen also operated buses in Oslo.
 Travel Sentry is the organization that establishes and manages standards used in travel security. It neither makes nor sells products. It created the TSA Lock concept used by the Transportation Security Administration a part of the US Department of Homeland Security.
 Amber Air (Lithuanian: Gintarinės avialinijos) was an airline based in Vilnius Lithuania operating scheduled and chartered flights out of Palanga International Airport. It suspended scheduled services in October 2006 when it dropped its main Palanga–Hamburg route. The company filed for bankruptcy in January 2007. Amber Air operated a fleet of one or two Saab 340 turboprop aircraft.
 Arthur Fecteau took his airplane licence after his brother Joseph. He became a flying instructor. The two brothers were offering airplane rides. Joseph went in the Côte-Nord area and Arthur the Abitibi region.
 Telenor Denmark is a Danish mobile telephone operator with a customer base in excess of 1.4 million customers. Since 12 February 2004 it has been a subsidiary of the Norwegian mobile telephone company Telenor. Before 15 June 2009 was known as Sonofon.Sonofon and Cybercity merged in 2006 to form an alliance. From 15 June 2009 the two brands are merged and renamed to Telenor.
 Astrachan Gunst Thomas Rubin P.C. (also known as AGTR) is a mid-Atlantic law firm. With its principal office in Baltimore Maryland and satellite office in historic Chestertown Maryland located on Maryland's rural Eastern Shore AGTR is a big city law firm with small town appeal. Founded in 1994 the firm currently employs 9 attorneys and provides legal services to both regional and national clientele.
 Xilinx Inc. (/ˈzaɪlɪŋks/ ZY-lingks) is an American technology company primarily a supplier of programmable logic devices. It is known for inventing the field programmable gate array (FPGA) and as the first semiconductor company with a fabless manufacturing model.Founded in Silicon Valley in 1984 the company is headquartered in San Jose California with additional offices in Longmont Colorado; Dublin Ireland; Singapore; Hyderabad India; Beijing China; Shanghai China and Tokyo Japan.
 Base is an international design communications audiovisual copywriting and publishing firm established in 1993. Base creates brand solutions using strategy creativity and innovation not limited by industry discipline or media. The company has studios located in New York Brussels Santiago and Geneva.
 trueEX Group LLC known as trueEX is a New York based financial technology company established on October 21 2010 by Founder Sunil G. Hirani a Co-Founder of Creditex Group Inc.trueEX is organized as a Delaware limited liability company and is a wholly owned subsidiary of trueEX Group.
 Temenos Group AG (SWX: TEMN) is a company specialising in software for financial services with its headquarters in Geneva Switzerland. The group was created initially created 1993 and has been listed on the Swiss Stock exchange since 2001.
 Polystyle Publications Ltd was a British publisher of children's comics and books. Incorporated in 12 May 1960 the company was dissolved in 1997 due to insolvency.Its registered office was at Polly Perkins House Paddington Green 382/386 Edgware Road London W2.
 .London Life Insurance Company is a Canadian life insurance company best known for its Freedom 55 slogan evocative of saving money to an extent that would allow one to retire at age 55. London Life is a part of Great-West Lifeco subsidiary The Great-West Life Assurance Company which in turn is controlled by Power Financial Corporation (Great-West Lifeco owns 100% of The Great-West Life Assurance Company; Power Corporation owns 72% of Great-West Lifeco.
 Paravaran Asseman is an Iranian aviation specialist.Formed in 1974 Paravaran Asseman is an organisation located in Tehran Iran. Paravaran Asseman is Iran’s only internationally certified and approved paraglider producer. Paravaran Asseman has a paraglider repair centre in Tehran[1].In 2007 Paaviation Supplied a Britten Norman Islander aircraft to Iran.
 Comarch is an international software house and systems integrator based in Kraków Poland. Comarch provides services in areas such as Telecommunications Finance and Banking the Services Sector and to Public Administration.
 Compal Electronics (simplified Chinese: 仁宝电脑工业股份有限公司; traditional Chinese: 仁寶電腦工業股份有限公司) is a Taiwanese original design manufacturer (ODM) handling the production of notebook computers monitors and televisions for a variety of clients around the world including Acer Lenovo Dell Toshiba Hewlett-Packard and Fujitsu Siemens Computers. It is the second-largest contract laptop manufacturer in the world (behind Quanta Computer) and shipped over 48 million notebooks in 2010.
 Big Ant Studios is an Australian video game development studio founded by CEO Ross Symons in 2001. Originally known as Bullant Studios a specialist in the simulation-racing genre the studio changed its name to Big Ant Studios in 2005 and has expanded its portfolio to include a wide variety of game genres on current and next-generation platforms.
 No Remorse Records was a German heavy metal record label. It was the original record label of heavy metal band Blind Guardian.
 China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited (Chinese: 蒙牛; SEHK: 2319) is a manufacturing and distribution company of dairy products and ice cream in the People's Republic of China. The company is based in Inner Mongolia and manufactures dairy products under the Mengniu brand.In July 2009 Mengniu sold a 20% stake to a consortium led by state-owned China National Oils Foodstuffs and Cereals Corp China's largest importer and exporter of food.
 Quality Bicycle Products is the largest distributor of bicycle parts and accessories in the bicycle industry with revenues of $150 million in 2008. In addition to wholesaling bicycles and components from other manufacturers QBP owns and manufactures several brands of its own. QBP also participates in activities which support its community through cycling advocacy and green building.
 Pravetz (Правец in the original Cyrillic series 8 and series 16) were Bulgarian computers manufactured mainly in the town of Pravetz. Some components and software were produced in Stara Zagora Plovdiv and other Bulgarian cities.
 A NEET or neet is a young person who is Not in Education Employment or Training. The acronym NEET was first used in the United Kingdom but its use has spread to other countries including Japan and South Korea.In the United Kingdom the classification comprises people aged between 16 and 24 (some 16-year-olds are still of compulsory school age); the subgroup of NEETs aged 16–18 is frequently of particular focus.
 1worldspace formerly known as 'WorldSpace' is an almost but not yet completely defunct satellite radio network that in its heyday provided service to over 170000 subscribers in eastern and southern Africa the Middle East and much of Asia with 96% coming from India. Timbre Media along with Saregama India plan to relaunch the company.The final fate of the original Worldspace satellite radio service still remains a mystery.
 The Warehouse Group Limited (NZX: WHS) founded by Stephen Tindall in 1982 is the largest retail group operating in New Zealand. The Warehouse Group (TW Group) consists of The Warehouse Warehouse Stationery Noel Leeming and a Multi-Channel Business unit featuring sites like Torpedo7 1-day Red Alert Shotgun.co.nz and pet.co.nz to name a few.
 Hari Om Entertainment Co. also known as Hari Om Productions is a production company founded in 2008. The important key people are Akshay Kumar & Twinkle Khanna.'Hari Om' happens to be the middle name of the birth name of Akshay Kumar (Rajiv Hari Om Bhatia).
 Real Works (レアル・ワークス Rearu Wākusu) was a Japanese company located in Tokyo that was involved in the planning and production of adult videos (AV). They were integrated with the AV company KM Produce in early 2011.
 cph Deutschland Chemie- Produktions- und Handelsgesellschaft mbH is an internationally active family business based in Essen. It is one of the large-scale world-wide suppliers of biologically degradable industrial adhesives. The core competence of the undertaking lies in the production of environmentally friendly label adhesives for the foodstuffs- packaging- paper-processing- and cigarette industries.
 FNC Entertainment formerly FNC Music is a subsidiary label of CJ E&M Music and Live. The name FNC stands for fish and cake. It started off by exclusively managing musicians but changed its name to FNC Entertainment in 2012 and began to broadened their business field of entertainment. It has since January 2012 been based in its own company offices in Cheongdam-dong. They have the third largest market share in terms of music sale behind SM Entertainment and YG Entertainment.
 Mamas & Papas is a UK-based retailer and manufacturer supplying prams pushchairs baby products furniture and maternity wear. It was established in Huddersfield in 1981 by Italian entrepreneurs David and Luisa Scacchetti and has grown as a family business to become one of the UK’s top nursery brands.M&P have over 60 stores in the UK & Ireland with a growing number of franchise stores in the Middle East Far East North America and South America.
 Graham-Paige was an American automobile manufacturer founded by brothers Joseph B. Graham (September 12 1882–July 1970) Robert C. Graham (August 1885–October 3 1967) and Ray A. Graham (May 28 1887–August 13 1932) in 1927. Automobile production ceased in 1940 and its automotive assets were acquired by Kaiser-Frazer in 1947. As a corporate entity the Graham-Paige name continued until 1962.
 EDP Renováveis (English: EDP Renewables EDPR) is a leading renewable energy company registered in Oviedo and headquartered in Madrid that designs develops manages and operates power plants that generate electricity using renewable energy sources.EDPR was established in 2007 to hold and operate the growing renewable energy assets of parent company Energias de Portugal (EDP Group) Portugal´s largest utility company headquartered in Lisbon.
 Agilefant Oy is a software company developing lean and agile project management tools. Its main product is Agilefant which is available as open source and as a hosted web application.Based in Espoo Finland Agilefant Oy was spun out from Aalto University in 2013 by members of the research group that developed Agilefant in 2005-2013.
 DROsoft is a computer and video game software distributor headquartered in Madrid Spain. They were acquired by Electronic Arts on November 14 1994. It was acquired in order to allow direct distribution of software to the Spanish region.
 Abner Records was a subsidiary of Vee-Jay Records. It was originally named Falcon Records but the name was changed in 1958 since there already existed a Falcon Records. The label was named after Ewart Abner who was general manager at Vee-Jay 1955–1961.
 Woco Group based in Bad Soden Germany is an automotive corporation from Germany which has production and sales locations in 20 different countries including USA Russia Germany France Hungary India China and Romania.
 Base CRM (originally Future Simple or PipeJump) is an enterprise software company based in Chicago Illinois with R&D offices located in Kraków Poland. It produces the web application Base also known as Base CRM which is a customer relationship management (CRM) system that is available for iOS Android and Windows Phone. Base was the first full native CRM Android app available.
 Touchmate or Touchmate M.E Free Zone Co. is a computer products manufacturing company founded in 1988. One of the leading computer product manufacturing company in UAE it was rated Best IT Brand of UAE by Reseller-Magazine in 2012.Now they are world's largest tech products with over 1100 products.
 Discos Fuentes is a record label based in Medellín Colombia South America. Founded in 1934 in Cartagena Colombia by Antonio Fuentes Estrada Discos Fuentes was the country's first notable record label. The label was instrumental in introducing Colombia to such Afro-rhythm genres as cumbia fandango merengue porro and salsa.
 Genpact Limited formerly a GE-owned company called GE Capital International Services or GECIS is an Indian service provider of analytics and research business process management (BPM) financial risk management supply chain procurement enterprise application services and IT services.
 DO & CO Aktiengesellschaft is an Austrian catering company headquartered in Vienna. It is active in many catering segment such as airline catering train catering and international events catering. The company is also involved in providing services through its restaurants bars lounges and hotels.The company handles the catering of Austrian Airlines (since 2007) as well as of the Austrian Federal Railways (since 2012).
 Titan Entertainment Group (TEG) is a British retailing and publishing company owner of the Forbidden Planet bookstore chain Titan Magazines and Titan Books. TEG is run by Nick Landau and Vivan Cheung.
 REC Solar is an installer of solar electric systems in the United States. The company is focused on providing products and services to support residential commercial government and utility scale photovoltaic (PV) installations.Started in 1997 by Judy Ledford and Fred Sisson in San Luis Obispo County California REC Solar has grown to serve California Oregon Hawaii Arizona Colorado and New Jersey through thirteen local offices.
 The Cuban airline is Cubana de Aviación.OAO Kuban Airlines (Russian: ОАО «Авиакомпания Кубань») was an airline based in Krasnodar Russia. It has operated domestic schedules within Russia and international charters. Its main base was Krasnodar International Airport. Its name comes from Kuban Province in southern Russia. On 11 December 2012 Kuban Airlines ceased operations due to financial difficulties.
 Raging Stallion Studios based in San Francisco California is a major adult film studio and one of the world's largest producers of gay pornography. It was begun by Chris Ward and J. D. Slater; Michael Brandon later became a co-owner. Michael Brandon starred in several Raging Stallion films before deciding to buy into the company. All three have produced and directed video features released by the company.
 Storables is a specialty retail chain that carries a variety of products aimed at helping consumers organize their homes and work spaces in the West Coast of the United States. The company carries a wide selection of quality contemporary products offered at reasonable prices. These products have been categorized into departments that include: Audio Baskets Bath Closets Furniture Kids Kitchen Laundry Novelty Office and Utility.
 Cossette Inc. is a marketing and communications company headquartered in Quebec City Canada. It has been listed as one of the top 15 advertising agencies in North America and it numbers among the 25 leading agencies worldwide.[citation needed] Cossette's offices are in Quebec City Edmonton Montreal Toronto Vancouver Halifax New York Irvine Los Angeles London and Shanghai. Cossette recently acquired Dare Digital an award-winning interactive agency based in London.
 People's Insurance Company of China Holdings Company (中国人保控股公司) is a state-owned company in the People's Republic of China. The holding company promotes its subsidiaries PICC Asset Management Company Limited and PICC Property and Casualty Company Limited (PICC P&C) (中国人民财产保险股份有限公司).PICC P&C is China's largest insurer of casualty insurance. It is licensed to provide all major lines of insurance except life insurance.
 RPM International Inc is an American multinational holding company with subsidiaries that manufacture and market high-performance specialty coatings sealants and building materials. Industrial brands include Stonhard Tremco illbruck Carboline Flowcrete Universal Sealants and Euco. RPM's consumer products are used by professionals and do-it-yourselfers for home maintenance and improvement and by hobbyists.
 C3 Presents is an independent concert promotion event production and artist management company based out of Austin Texas. C3 was founded by Charles Attal Charlie Jones and Charlie Walker in 2007.Annually C3 produces the Austin City Limits Music Festival and Austin Food & Wine Festival in Austin Texas Lollapalooza in Chicago Illinois Big Day Out in Australia and Orion Music + More in Atlantic City New Jersey.
 United Defense Manufacturing Corporation (UDMC) is a Philippine defense contractor and firearms manufacturer based in Parañaque Philippines. It provides the Philippine National Police Armed Forces of the Philippines and Philippine Coast Guard amongst others with firearms and other tactical equipment.The company primarily produces M1911-pattern pistols and AR-15-pattern rifles and carbines notably producing a gas-piston variant called the Pneumatic Valve and Rod Assault Rifle (PVAR).
 Mannvit Engineering is the largest engineering firm in Iceland. Mannvit offers engineering consulting management operational and EPCM services to projects all over the world. Mannvit core activities include: geothermal and hydroelectric power development geothermal district heating infrastructure and transportation buildings renewable energy and climate power transmission industry IT and telecommunications. Company headquarters are in Reykjavík Iceland.
 Seaspeed was the joint hovercraft operations of British Rail (under British Rail Hovercraft Limited) in association with the French SNCF.British Rail Hovercraft Limited was established in 1965 under authority given to it by the British Railways Act 1967 and started its first service in 1966.
 Thomson-Leng Musical Society is a Dundee-based theatrical organisation. Originally established for employees’ of D. C. Thomson & Co. the society today welcomes members from the general public and continues to produce musical theatre productions of varied genres within the city of Dundee.
 Dentsu Inc. (株式会社電通 Kabushiki-gaisha Dentsū) is a Japanese advertising and public relations company whose headquarters are located in the Dentsu Building in the Shiodome district of Minato Tokyo.Dentsu's sales are more than double its nearest competitor Hakuhodo or ADK in the Japanese market thanks to the company's origins as a media representative during the early part of the 20th century producing the first newspaper advertisements as well as the first television commercials in Japan.
 Nello L. Teer Company was a privately owned General Contracting. Founded in 1909 by Nello Leguy Teer the Nello L. Teer Company was headquartered in Durham North Carolina and grew to be one of the largest construction companies in the world. Koppers of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania purchased the Nello L.
 Byrons or J. Byrons or Jackson Byrons was an American mid-priced department store chain in Miami Florida.Byrons was founded in 1896 as a pharmacy called Byrons Red Cross. In 1947 the Byrons flagship store on Flagler Street was renamed Byrons Department Store. Pharmacy chain Eckerd Corporation bought J. Byron which at the time comprised 12 stores in 1968.
 Roots&Choice (sometimes referred to as Roots & Choice) is research services division of Work Movement a social enterprise headquartered in London United Kingdom.Businesses universities nonprofit organizations and governments worldwide utilize Roots&Choice research.
 Green Packet is a company headquartered in Malaysia which provides carrier grade Mobile data offloading solutions and 4G devices that supports LTE WiMAX and Wi-Fi technologies.Green Packet have regional offices in United States Middle East Oceania China and Taiwan.
 The Norwegian Public Roads Administration (Norwegian: Statens vegvesen) is a Norwegian government agency responsible for the state and county public roads in the country. This includes planning construction and operation of the state and county road networks driver training and licensing vehicle inspection and subsidies to car ferries.The agency is led by the Directorate of Public Roads (Vegdirektoratet) that is subordinate to the Ministry of Transport and Communications.
 Kenda Rubber Industrial Company (Chinese: 建大工業股份有限公司) is a manufacturer of pneumatic tires in Taiwan since 1962 with manufacturing facilities in Taiwan China and Vietnam. They make tires for bicycles motorcycles ATVs trailers automobiles and industrial equipment.Kenda was the 27th largest tire maker in the world in 2010.
 Taco Time is a fast-food restaurant chain specializing in Mexican food. The chain offers dine-in take away and drive through at about 300 locations.The chain was founded in Eugene Oregon United States in 1959 by Ron Fraedrick who opened the first restaurant near his alma mater the University of Oregon at 13th Avenue and High Street in January 1960. In 1962 the first Taco Time franchise opened in Tacoma Washington.
 Lennox International Inc. (NYSE: LII) is an American company. Through its subsidiaries it is a provider of climate control products for the heating ventilation air conditioning and refrigeration markets around the world. The company was founded in 1895 by Dave Lennox and today is focused on four core businesses: Residential Heating and Cooling Commercial Heating and Cooling Service Experts and Refrigeration. The company headquarters are in Richardson Texas near Dallas.
 Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. is a renewable energy and regulated utility company with assets across North America. Algonquin actively invests in hydroelectric wind and solar power facilities and sustainable utility businesses (water electricity and natural gas) through its two operating subsidiaries: Algonquin Power Co. and Liberty Utilities.
 Blue Horizon Records was a British blues independent record label founded by Mike Vernon in 1966.
 Dominion Diamond Corporation formerly known as Harry Winston Diamond Corporation and before that Aber is a Toronto Canada specialist diamond mining and retail company.The company holds a 40% stake in the Diavik Diamond Mine Project. Production at the Diavik Diamond Mine Canada's second diamond mine is operated by Dominion Diamond Corporation's joint venture partner Diavik Diamond Mines Inc. a subsidiary of Rio Tinto Group.
 Greenlee Partners LLC is a lobbying firm in Pennsylvania possibly best known as the Republican-leaning firm that represented the City of Philadelphia in the 1990s.
 Ragged Flag is a record label founded in 2007 by members of the band The Prodigy and backed by the Cooking Vinyl Group.
 CTBC Holding (Former: Chinatrust Financial Holding Company Ltd.) is a holding company principally engaged in the finance industry through its eight major subsidiaries: The holding company is based in Taipei Taiwan.CTBC Bank (former: Chinatrust Commercial Bank) at its coreCTBC Securities Co.CTBC Insurance Brokers Co.CTBC Venture Capital Co.CTBC Asset Management Co.CTBC Bills Finance Corp.CTBC Security CoTaiwan Lottery CorporationThe Company's products and services are classified into eight categories: banking including corporate banking consumer finance and retail banking; securities including securities brokerage trading and underwriting services as well as the securities-related futures business; bill and bond including brokerage trading underwriting certification guarantee and advisory services; insurance brokerage providing property and life insurance services; venture capital focusing on the high technology industries such as telecommunications semiconductor industries; asset management including the acquisition management and processing of financial debts from financial institutions; security services such as stationing of security guards in office buildings and lottery including issuance marketing promotion prize drawing prize claiming and management.
 Suburban Noize Records also known as Subnoize is an independent record label based in Burbank California that specializes in punk rock and underground hip hop. The label was founded in 1997 by Kottonmouth Kings vocalist Brad Xavier and Kevin Zinger.
 Valor Security Services of Marietta GA a division of SMS Holdings Nashville TN is the largest company in the United States providing contract security services exclusively to the shopping center industry. In 2013 Valor ranked as the nation’s 11th largest security firm in Security Magazine’s ranking of the 50 largest security firms (determined by Valor's annual revenue of $175 million)Valor was founded in 1991 by Dan Rakestraw. Mr. Rakestraw currently serves as President.
 Bealls /ˈbɛlz/ is a United States chain of department stores headquartered in Texas. It is owned by Stage Stores Inc. The chain overlaps with the Florida-based Bealls chain although the two are not related. In markets where the two chains overlap the Florida chain operates as Burkes Outlet instead.
 Exor S.p.A. is an Italian-based investment company controlled by the Agnelli family (26th in the 2012 Fortune Global 500 list). The firm dates back to 1927 when Giovanni Agnelli formed Istituto Finanziario Italiano (IFI) to manage his investments in Fiat Cinzano and other companies as well as his interests in the village of Sestriere.
 Ravn Alaska (formerly Era Alaska) is an airline brand headquartered in Anchorage Alaska United States. It operates a network of services from Anchorage as part of an Alaska Airlines Partnership. Its primary hub is Anchorage Airport.
 Advanced Skin Fitness was founded in 2003 by physiologist William A. Moore MS and Lush Investments Inc in Dallas Texas. It is a med spa that offers advanced skin care including dermatological procedures hair removal and non-invasive surgery.
 CipherCloud is a San Jose California-based company that develops secure gateways that locally encrypt sensitive information before it is stored in cloud environments. The company offers gateways that can be installed on computer hardware or work via virtual appliances. CipherCloud founder Pravin Kothari serves as the company's chief executive officer.
 NintendoFuse is a news and reviews blog centered on the video game company Nintendo. The site launched in early 2006 as WiiNintendo but changed to NintendoFuse in 2011. The blog-style website focuses on Nintendo news game and product reviews and other Nintendo-related information.
 Norwest Corporation was a banking and financial services company based in Minneapolis Minnesota United States. In 1998 it merged with Wells Fargo & Co. and since that time has traded under the Wells Fargo name.
 Featherproof Books is a small independent publisher based in Chicago Illinois. It was founded in 2005 by Jonathan Messinger and Zach Dodson. They publish perfect bound novels short story collections and other works and offer mini-books of short stories and novellas for free download.
 AVI Foodsystems headquartered in Warren Ohio is a family-owned and operated US foodservice company. Founded in 1960 by John Payiavlas AVI provides customized foodservice solutions for over 6500 client locations and millions of customers throughout 34 states.AVI offers hospitality services in business education leisure and healthcare settings including a complete offering of on-site dining vending catering concessions office coffee and environmental services.
 Axminster Carpets Ltd are an Axminster Devon based English manufacturer of carpets particularly the same-named Axminster carpets.
 Aconex is a privately held Australian company providing mobile and web-based collaboration technologies for project information and process management (also sometimes described as project management or project extranet systems) on a software as a service (SaaS) basis to clients in the construction infrastructure power mining and oil and gas sectors.
 Agility is a publicly traded global logistics company headquartered in Kuwait. It provides freight forwarding transportation warehousing and supply chain management services to businesses governments international institutions and relief agencies worldwide. Agility has roughly 22000 employees and 500 offices in more than 100 countries. Agility shares have traded on the Kuwait Stock Exchange (KSE: AGLTY) since 1984 and the Dubai Financial Market (DFM: AGLTY) since 2006.
 Crystal Creek Media is an independent film production company that specializes in faith-based and family films. It was founded in 2005 and after producing several short films and promotional videos began its venture into full-length films. Some of their most noteworthy films are Creed of Gold and the forthcoming Christmas Grace.Crystal Creek Media is an associate producer of the upcoming film Indescribable and it is currently producing Christmas Grace.
 The International Linguistic Association was founded in 1943 as the Linguistic Circle of New York. Its founding members were academic linguists in the New York area including many members of the École Libre des Hautes Études in exile. The model for the new organization was the Société de Linguistique de Paris. Early members included Roman Jakobson Morris Swadesh André Martinet Henri F. Muller Giuliano Bonfante Robert Austerlitz Robert Fowkes Henry Lee Smith Wolf Leslau and Louis H.
 Just Add Water is an Independent video game developer based in Otley West Yorkshire United Kingdom. Founded by Stewart Gilray in 2006 Just Add Water has worked on different titles for the PlayStation 3 and PC notably the Oddworld series. They have teamed up with Oddworld Inhabitants to recreate the series in high definition as well as working on new installments in the series.
 Air Vanuatu is an airline with its head office in the Air Vanuatu House Port Vila Vanuatu. It is Vanuatu's national flag carrier operating to Australia New Zealand and points in the South Pacific. Its main base is Bauerfield International Airport Port Vila.
 The Stellar Group Inc. (which uses the trade name Stellar) is a privately owned design engineering construction and mechanical services firm headquartered in Jacksonville Florida and founded in 1985. The July 2013 issue of Florida Trend magazine listed Stellar as Florida’s 60th-largest private companyand reported that it employed 639 people including architects engineers constructors refrigeration specialists and technicians.
 Free Fall Associates was a computer game developer of the 1980s and early 1990s. It was founded in 1981 by Jon Freeman his wife game programmer Anne Westfall and game designer Paul Reiche III. To start the new company Freeman and Westfall left the computer game developer and publisher Epyx the company Freeman had co-founded in 1978.
 twofour54 is a tax-free media and entertainment free zone based in Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates that facilitates the development of Arabic media and entertainment content in the region. The company works with businesses in television radio film publishing online mobile music gaming and animation to create local content and grow the Arab media industry. Its name refers to the geographic co-ordinates of Abu Dhabi - 24°north by 54°east.
 EVE/ZeBu is a leading provider of hardware-assisted verification tools for functional verification of Application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs) and system on chip (SOC) designs and for validation of embedded software (software driver Operating System and Application software) ahead of implementation in silicon.
 Borden Milk Products L.P. is a privately held American corporation owned by the Dallas Texas-based Milk Products LLC a subsidiary of Grupo Lala.
 All American Television (previously called All American Communications Television) was a television syndication company active from 1981 to 1998. It was founded by Anthony J. Scotti Ben Scotti and Syd Vinnedge. The company was known for producing and distributing television shows such as Baywatch and the Mark Goodson Productions library of game shows.
 Air Class Líneas Aéreas is an airline based in Montevideo Uruguay. It operates scheduled passenger and freight services as well as charter flights. Its main base is Carrasco International Airport Montevideo.
 New Zealand Energy is a New Zealand company operating small hydroelectric power stations in Haast Fox Opunake and Raetihi.NZ Energy proposes to build a 4.6 MW hydroelectric scheme at Lake Matiri near Murchison Nelson.
 Cornships Management and Agency Inc. often known as Cornships is a Turkish shipping company. The company manages and provides agency services for the fleet owned and controlled by Corn Marine Ltd. of Malta. The company specializes in dry bulk cargo. Cornships is divided into four departments: operations technical crewing and the commercial & agency department.
 Agent Logic is a software company with headquarters in Northern Virginia.The company founded in 1999 is best known for its complex event processing (CEP) software RulePoint which combines user-defined logic with multiple sources of data.Since its inception the company has specialized in delivering real-time intelligence to commercial and U.S. national security initiatives in complex environments.
 Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. (The company's own apparently preferred English pronunciation seems to be: /ˈwɑːweɪ/ (same as the words wah-way although in the correct Chinese pronunciation the h is not silent and is pronounced as hwa-way) Chinese: 华为 Huáwéi) is a Chinese multinational networking and telecommunications equipment and services company headquartered in Shenzhen Guangdong.
 Klais redirects here. For the Violet-headed Hummingbird see Klais (bird).Orgelbau Klais is a German firm that designs builds and restores pipe organs. It is a family run company founded in 1882 by Johannes Klais senior and is now run by his great-grandson Philipp Klais. The firm is based in Bonn Germany and has completed many large-scale building and restoration projects around the globe in more than a century of organ building.
 John Thompson Limited was a major engineering business based in Wolverhampton offering products for the nuclear engineering industry.
 Ras Al Khaimah Media Free Zone and Film City was launched in January 2006
 Boeing Aircraft Holding Company (BAHC) is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Boeing Company. This company manages Boeing-owned used aircraft including planes acquired due to a trade-in or a lease return. It has a mailing address in Seattle Washington near the headquarters for Boeing Commercial Airplanes but the point of location is listed as Delaware.As of 2005 BAHC has a fleet of 15 aircraft including 10 Boeing 747s and 4 McDonnell Douglas MD-80s.
 Satmap Systems Limited is a United Kingdom company founded on 19 October 2005 and based in Leatherhead Surrey. Since 2007 it has produced a standalone handheld GPS satellite navigation mapping device for use by walkers cyclists mountain rescue emergency services and the military.
 JAC Liner Inc. is one of the largest bus companies in the Philippines serving the riding public en route to Southern Tagalog provinces which includes key destinations in the provinces of Laguna Batangas Quezon Marinduque and Northern Luzon (which is now operated by Solid North Transit Inc. a new subsidiary company).
 Olmstead Williams Communications is a Los Angeles-based public relations agency.
 Spear & Jackson are a gardening and hand tool supplier headquartered in Sheffield South Yorkshire but manufacturing outside the UK.
 Expertus is a privately held learning software company headquartered in Santa Clara CA with support centers in the US Europe and Asia. The company’s primary product ExpertusONE is an enterprise learning management system (LMS) that is delivered on a cloud-based Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) platform.
 The American Academy of Neurology (AAN) is a professional society representing more than 21000 neurologists and neuroscientists. As a medical specialty society it was established in 1948 by A.B. Baker of the University of Minnesota to advance the art and science of neurology and thereby promote the best possible care for patients with neurological disorders. It is currently based in Minneapolis Minnesota.
 VNN is a venture capital and private equity company belonging to Votorantim Group.
 The Ōigawa Railway (大井川鐵道 Ōigawa Tetsudō) is a railway company in Shizuoka Prefecture Japan. The company is commonly known as Daitetsu (大鐵). The company belongs to Meitetsu Group. The first section of its lines opened in 1927.There are two railway lines operated Ōigawa Main Line and Ikawa Line. Both lines primary function as sightseeing lines. The former line is known for its steam locomotive trains while the latter is the only rack railway line in Japan.
 Insel Air (formally Insel Air International B.V.) is a Dutch Caribbean airline that serves as the flag carrier of Curaçao with its head office in Maduro Plaza Willemstad.As of 2014 Insel Air serves 20 destinations throughout the Caribbean South America and North America. It's fleet consists of McDonnell Douglas MD-82 and MD-83's Fokker 50's and the smaller Embraer EMB 110 Bandeirante's.
 Leicestershire Law Society was formed in 1860 to support the legal profession in Leicestershire and Rutland. Today it has about 500 members who are solicitors practising in Leicester Leicestershire and Rutland. This is a good majority of solicitors and their firms in the area and the information provided on this website is therefore representative of the local profession.
 AllianceBernstein LP is a U.S.-based investment management firm majority-owned by France's AXA.AllianceBernstein is based in New York U.S.A. It has approximately US$444 billion in assets under management as of Jul 31 2013. Over 2% up from June 2013.
 Victorinox (/vɪktɵˈriːnɒks/) is a knife manufacturer based in the town of Ibach in the Canton of Schwyz Switzerland. Since its acquisition of rival Wenger in 2005 it has once more become the sole supplier of multi-purpose knives to the Swiss army.It is the biggest manufacturer of pocket knives in the world.
 Cath Kidston Limited is an international chain of home furnishing retail stores based in England registered with Companies House number 02808583 on 3 April 1993.Designer Cath Kidston opened her first shop in London's Holland Park in 1994 selling hand-embroidered tea-towels and brightly renovated furniture. She later described it as just a glorified junk shop. In April 2011 there were 41 shops and concessions in the UK two in the Republic of Ireland eleven in Japan and three in Korea.
 IndieVest founded in 2004 is an independent film studio financier distributor based in Los Angeles. The company uses a membership based platform for financing film projects.The company serves a community of high-net worth individuals and institutional investors. Corporate Mission: To provide people who are passionate about independent film the best possible experience and financial outcome.
 Beckhoff Automation GmbH is a medium-sized internationally acting company located in Verl Westphalia Germany. It was established in 1980 as a business unit of the Elektro Beckhoff GmbH an electrical installation and retail company which was founded in 1953 by Arnold Beckhoff Senior.
 Petrol AD (Bulgarian: Петрол АД) is a Bulgarian oil distributing company which has 470 petrol stations 80 petrol depots and 3 petrol port terminals throughout the country. The company was privatised in 1999.In 2008 Petrol AD launched the mobile virtual network operator Petrol Mobile.
 Zipper Interactive was an American video game developer located in Redmond Washington and part of Sony Computer Entertainment Worldwide Studios. It was founded in 1995 by Jim Bosler and Brian Soderberg. It created many different games including the popular SOCOM (U.S. Special Operations Command) series of games. SOCOM was created in collaboration with the Naval Special Warfare Command and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 2.
 Hellenic Aerospace Industry (HAI Greek: Ελληνική Αεροπορική Βιομηχανία Elliniki Aeroporiki Viomichania or ΕΑΒ) is the leading aerospace company of Greece.
 Three Rivers Press is the trade paperback imprint of the Crown Publishing Group a division of Random House. It publishes original paperback titles as well as paperback reprints of books issued initially in hardcover by the other Crown imprints.
 Intertrust Technologies Corporation is a company that invents develops and licenses software technologies and intellectual property for digital rights management (DRM) and trusted computing (TC). The company holds over 150 patents and has over 300 patent applications pending worldwide.
 The CN Group Limited is an independent local media business based in Carlisle which operates in three different media fields.The company was formerly known as the Cumbrian Newspapers Group Ltd but changed its name to reflect the fact that is no longer primarily a newspaper publisher.
 Jagjaguwar is an indie rock record label based in Bloomington Indiana.
 Ayusa (Ayusa International) is a non-profit organization dedicated to promote global learning and leadership through foreign exchange study abroad and leadership programs for high school students from the U.S. and around the world. The organization was co-founded by John Wilhelm and Takeshi Yokota in 1981 and is headquartered in San Francisco California.
 Tiger Style Records is an independent record label located in New York City New York. It is owned and operated by Insound. As of 2004 it is on hiatus.
 Zuffa LLC /ˈzuːfə/ is an American sports promotion company specializing in mixed martial arts. It was founded in January 2001 in Las Vegas Nevada by Station Casinos executives Frank Fertitta III and Lorenzo Fertitta to be the parent entity of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) after they purchased it from the Semaphore Entertainment Group.
 Xtreme Drilling and Coil Services is an oilfield services company based in Houston Texas and Calgary Alberta.
 icon-scm was founded in 1992 by Dr. Michael Keppler and Dr. Kurt Mannchen in Karlsruhe Germany and received Patent ( ) for its unique planning approach.On July 30 2013 icon-scm was acquired by E2open Inc.
 ICRA Limited (ICRA) is an Indian independent and professional investment information and credit rating agency. It was established in 1991 and was originally named Investment Information and Credit Rating Agency of India Limited (IICRA India). It is second largest Indian rating comapany in term of customer base. It was a joint-venture between Moody's and various Indian commercial banks and financial services companies.
 The Natural Gas Revenue Fund (NGRF) is the proposed sovereign wealth fund of Tanzania expected to be launched in October 2014 or February 2015 after the enactment of a bill by the National Assembly. It will manage the revenue accrued from the sale of its natural gas. As of April 2014 Tanzania has a recoverable gas reserve of 43.1 tcf. The fund will be managed by the Bank of Tanzania.
 One Two Go Airlines Co. Lte (Thai: วัน-ทู-โก แอร์ไลน์) was a low-cost airline based in Don Mueang Bangkok Thailand. Following the crash of OG 269 in Phuket Thailand on September 16 2007 One-Two-GO was banned from flying in European Union nations due to safety concerns. Its main base was Don Mueang International Airport Bangkok.
 EcoRodovias is a Brazilian intermodal logistic company focused on highway concessions and associated services. The company operates also back-up areas bonded warehouses distribution centers port terminals and holding interests in other companies engaged into the services related to its core business.
 MESA Imaging is a time-of-flight camera company. As privately financed organization MESA was founded in July 2006 as a spin out from the Swiss Center for Electronics and Microtechnology (CSEM) to commercialize its time-of-flight camera technologies. As of 2009 its primary product line the SwissRanger is in its fourth generation with the SwissRanger SR4000.
 Bristol Siddeley Engines Ltd (BSEL) was a British aero engine manufacturer. The company was formed in 1959 by a merger of Bristol Aero-Engines Limited and Armstrong Siddeley Motors Limited. In 1961 the company was expanded by the purchase of the de Havilland Engine Company and the engine division of Blackburn Aircraft. Bristol Siddeley was purchased by Rolls-Royce Limited in 1968.
 Angel Bakeries (Hebrew: מאפיות אנג'ל‎ Ma'afiyot Angel) also known as Angel's Bakery is the largest commercial bakery in Israel producing 275000 loaves of bread and 275000 rolls daily and controlling 30 percent of the country's bread market. With a product line of 100 different types of bread products and 250 different types of cakes and cookies Angel sells its goods in 32 company-owned outlets nationwide and distributes to 6000 stores and hundreds of hotels and army bases.
 Syngenta AG is a global Swiss agribusiness that markets seeds and agrochemicals. Syngenta is involved in biotechnology and genomic research. It was formed in 2000 by the merger of Novartis Agribusiness and Zeneca Agrochemicals. The company was ranked third in total seeds and biotechnology sales in 2009 in the commercial market.Sales in 2013 were approximately US$ 14.7 billion. Syngenta employs over 28000 people in over 90 countries. Over half of the sales are in Emerging Markets.
 DBRS is a credit rating agency (CRA) founded in 1976 (originally known as Dominion Bond Rating Service) in Toronto by Mr. Walter Schroeder who is currently chairman of the ratings agency. DBRS is the largest rating agency in Canada with other offices in New York Chicago and London. DBRS comprises three affiliated operating companies – DBRS Limited; DBRS Inc.; and DBRS Ratings Limited. David Schroeder is the agency’s CEO. Dan Curry serves as president.
 BOK Financial Corporation based in Tulsa Oklahoma is a financial services company in the West South Central States region of the United States. The corporate headquarters is located in the BOK Tower in downtown Tulsa. BOK Financial's holdings include BOKF NA BOSC Inc Cavanal Hill Investment Management and Southwest Trust Company.
 Panavia Aircraft GmbH is a multinational company established by the three partner nations of the Tornado Multi Role Combat Aircraft (MRCA) project West Germany Italy and the UK.
 DC Design is an Indian design firm from Mumbai which is noted for their concept cars and prototypes. The firm founded in 1993 is headed by designer Dilip Chhabria and under a contract with Ford Motor Company built the first Aston Martin AMV8 Vantage prototype featured at the 2004 Detroit Auto Show.The company also builds custom special order vehicles such as a modified Porsche Cayenne coupe and a modified Rolls Royce coupe.
 Surfpin is a company facilitating payments for virtual goods and services via telephone.Established in 2002 Surfpin was a pioneer in accepting payments via mobile phones and home phones. It grew in the gaming sector through partnerships with successful massively multiplayer online role-playing games (MMORPGs) and their providers such as Miniclip NCSoft Club Penguin from Disney RuneScape and FunOrb by Jagex as well as gPotato from Gala-Net.
 Y Records was an independent record label set up in 1980 by Dick O’Dell in the United Kingdom and distributed by Rough Trade.
 Inversiones y Representaciones Sociedad Anónima (IRSA) is the leading real estate development firm in Argentina.
 Wood Knapp & Co. commonly called Wood Knapp Video or simply Wood Knapp was a VHS distributor founded in 1988 by Betsy Wood Knapp. It distributed the Children's Circle releases from Weston Woods Studios pre-1970 United Artists releases the 1988 Summer Olympics among others. Wood Knapp Video declared bankruptcy in January 1995 and ceased operations on December 31 1995.
 Sapiens International Corporation is a publicly traded company headquartered in Israel that develops computer software solutions for the insurance industry. Its shares are traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market and on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. As of September 2012 the company has 688 employees and a market cap of US$200 million.
 SONIDEP (French: Société Nigérienne des Produits Pétroliers literally:Nigerien Petroleum Products Company) is a parastatal corporation in the West African nation of Niger. Founded by government decree in 1977 SONIDEP is responsible for the importation transportation storage refining and marketing of petroleum products in Niger.
 ARM Norway is a fabless semiconductor company based in Trondheim Norway founded in 2000 as Falanx Microsystems. It was purchased by ARM Holdings in June 2006 and renamed to ARM Norway.ARM Norway develops graphics accelerators for OpenGL three-dimensional rendering with emphasis on low electric power consumption suitable for use in portable devices like mobile phones. Their main product is called Mali.
 Paramount Defenses Inc is an IT security software development company that develops security solutions.
 Jefferson Barracks Marine Soccer Club is an American women's soccer club fielding over thirty teams throughout the St. Louis area.
 Masternaut is a pan-European telematics company specialising in fleet and workforce management asset tracking services and Microsoft CRM and ERP software. It has featured in the Sunday Times Tech Track 100 a list of the fastest growing UK technology firms in 2007 2008 2009 and 2010. In April 2011 Masternaut merged with former AIM-listed competitor Cybit and is operating under the Masternaut name. The company is backed by IT investment company Francisco Partners.
 Pitney Bowes Inc. (NYSE: PBI) is a global technology company that provides shipping and mailing solutions data management and engagement software and location intelligence offerings that power billions of digital and physical commerce transactions for more than 2 million customers around the world including 90% of Fortune 500 companies. Based in Stamford Connecticut the company has approximately 16100 employees worldwide.
 Fandor is an American subscription movie viewing service and social video sharing platform. Headquartered in San Francisco California the company was established in 2010 and officially launched on March 9 2011 at the South by Southwest festival and conference in Austin Texas.Fandor specializes in independent films classics silent films foreign films documentaries and shorts.
 Airborne Maintenance & Engineering Services (AMES) is an MRO based in Wilmington Ohio Ohio USA at the Airborne Airpark (ILN). It provides aircraft maintenance repair and overhaul services. AMES holds a Part 145 FAA Repair Station certificate. It is part of the Air Transport Services Group (NASDAQ: ATSG).
 ABB is a multinational corporation headquartered in Zurich Switzerland operating in robotics and mainly in the power and automation technology areas. It ranked 158th in the Forbes Ranking (2013).[citation needed]ABB is one of the largest engineering companies as well as one of the largest conglomerates in the world.
 Select Harvests is Australia's largest almond grower and processor and is the third largest grower worldwide. It manages almond orchards in Victoria New South Wales and Western Australia and is also involved in the manufacture of a variety of food snacks and muesli.
 NRK (an abbreviation of the Norwegian: Norsk rikskringkasting AS generally expressed in English as the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation) is the Norwegian government-owned radio and television public broadcasting company and the largest media organisation in Norway. NRK broadcasts three national TV channels and three national radio channels on DVB-T cable satellite IPTV FM and DAB. It also runs several digital radio stations.
 Bayshore Networks is a privately held information assurance and security technology company founded in New York NY in 2002 by CEO Francis Cianfrocca. The Company is majority-owned by its founders and employees with minority investment from senior partners at a multi-billion-dollar hedge fund.
 Ocean Spray is an agricultural cooperative of growers of cranberries and grapefruit headquartered in Lakeville/Middleborough Massachusetts. It currently has over 700 member growers (in Massachusetts Wisconsin New Jersey Oregon Washington Florida British Columbia and other parts of Canada) as well as Lanco Chile. The cooperative employs about 2000 people with sales of $2.2 billion in fiscal year 2013.
 Wind Telecom S.p.A. (former Weather Investments S.p.A) is a privately held telecommunications investment company previously 97% controlled by the Sawiris family (and Mr. Naguib Sawiris) and now owned by the Russian telecommunication company VimpelCom Ltd..
 Evraz plc (Russian: Евраз) is a multinational vertically integrated steel making and mining company headquartered in London United Kingdom. It has operations mainly in Russia but also in Ukraine Italy Czech Republic the United States Canada and South Africa. The company employs about 110000 people. Evraz is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
 2GO Group Inc. is a Philippines-based company engaged in transporting people and cargo using the fleet of inter-island ferries and cargo ships of the former ATS (Aboitiz Transport System)–-which owned the brands SuperFerry Cebu Ferries and SuperCat—and Negros Navigation.
 Ohrbach's was a moderate-priced department store with a merchandising focus primarily on clothing and accessories. From its modest start in 1923 until the chain's demise in 1987 Ohrbach's expanded dramatically after World War II and opened numerous branch locations in the metro areas of New York New Jersey and Los Angeles. Its original flagship store was located on Union Square in New York City and they maintained home and administrative offices in Newark as well as in Los Angeles.
 Modec was a Coventry UK electric vehicle manufacturer specialising in Commercial vehicles in the N2 category. It unveiled its first model in April 2006 and announced its intention to commence series production in March 2007 with the first production vehicles destined for Tesco.
 TechArt Automobildesign GmbH is a German-based automobile tuner specialized in existing Porsches for which they offer extensive tuning packages.
 View previously Soladigm is a company working on the development of energy-saving smart windows based on electrochromism that can control light and heat while maintaining view and reducing glare. Originally named Echromics Soladigm was founded in 2006 by Dr. Paul Nguyen an expert who had worked in electrochromism since graduate school in the early 1990s at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. In 2007 Mike Scobey was hired to be CEO.
 Arriva Southend is a division of Arriva Southern Counties a subsidiary of transport group Arriva which operates bus services in and around the Southend-on-Sea Rochford Rayleigh Basildon and Thurrock areas of Essex. They operate most services east of Southend and a few services west of Southend and compete to a limited extent with four other local operators with services in the same areas: First Essex NIBS Regal Busways and Stephensons of Essex.
 Music Concierge is an award-winning music consultancy that provides bespoke soundtracks to the luxury hotel food and beverage and retail industries. Launched in 2007 by ex-DJ and Jockey Slut editor Rob Wood Music Concierge customises playlists for hundreds of retail outlets hotels restaurants bars and spas worldwide including Harrods Claridge’s Dunhill and Mulberry. It is based in Hertfordshire and London. It also has representatives in other territories.
 The American Public Power Association (APPA) is the service organization for the more than 2000 U.S. community-owned electric utilities that serve more than 47 million Americans.APPA was created in September 1940 to represent the common interests of these utilities.
 Kemco Corporation (株式会社ケムコ Kabushikigaisha Kemuko) sometimes referred to as Kotobuki Systems Co. Ltd. is a Japanese video game developer and publisher established in 1984 as a subsidiary of Kotobuki Engineering & Manufacturing Co. Ltd. located in Seika Japan.Kemco was one of the original Nintendo licensees and began to manufacture games for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1985. In 2001 Kemco U.S.A Inc.
 Tele Columbus is the third largest cable provider in Germany and with 3.7 million connected households the biggest cable operator on network level 4. The company was formed in November 2006 following the merger of Tele Columbus GmbH and ewt multimedia GmbH under the umbrella of Orion Cable. In addition to analogue television their range of products includes digital television internet and telephone via broadband. Corporate headquarters are in Hanover in northern Germany.
 Visa Europe Ltd. is a membership association and cooperative of over 3700 European banks and other payment service providers that operate Visa branded products and services within Europe. Visa Europe is an entirely separate company to Visa Inc. having gained independence of Visa International Service Association in October 2007 when Visa Inc. became a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange.
 Devitt Insurance Services Limited is a privately owned insurance broker based in Romford England and have been arranging insurance in the UK since 1936.Devitt is a specialist motorbike insurance company but also arrange car insurance van insurance home insurance and business insurance.
 ChoiceOdds is a UK-based company specialising in online financial betting. The company headquarters are at Sugar Quay London.
 The Ideas Campaign is a grassroots initiative in the Republic of Ireland asking ordinary people for ideas to stimulate economic activity.The origins of the campaign can be traced back to the TV appearance by businesswoman Aileen O'Toole on a special edition of the current affairs programme Prime Time on RTE about the state of the Irish economy in January 2009.She argued in the programme that the current focus on economic problems meant that positive practical ideas for economic growth were being overlooked. 
 Uttam Galva Steels Ltd is one of the largest manufacturers of cold rolled steel and galvanized steel in Western India. The company business of procuring hot rolled steel and processing it into CR and further into GP and Colour Coated Coils.Uttam Galva group also presently runs two more plants in India i.e. Uttam Galva Metallics Limited and Uttam Value Steels Limited (Previously known as Lloyds Steel Industries Limited) both at the location Wardha Maharashtra.
 The Alternative Media Project is a non-profit organization that promotes alternative and independent media. Its projects include Infoshop.org Practical Anarchy magazine Breaking Glass Press and Radical Street Distro. It was founded by a group that included anarchist Chuck Munson.Breaking Glass Press publishes pamphlets such as Cop Watch 101 and the Infoshop Guide to Grand Jury Investigations and plans to publish the revised edition of the Black Bloc Papers in 2006.
 PB Swiss Tools GmbH is a manufacturer of hand tools based in Switzerland.The company was started in 1878 by Paul Baumann from whose initials the company name was derived. Until 1940 it manufactured primarily agricultural equipment but then also began producing hand tools for the Swiss armed forces.
 Nventa Biopharmaceuticals Corporation was a Canadian incorporated biopharmaceutical company headquartered in San Diego California developing therapeutics for the treatment of viral infections and cancer focusing on diseases caused by human papillomavirus (HPV). Nventa is currently the only company applying heat shock protein (Hsp) technology to target the over 20 million Americans already infected with HPV.
 HSBC Bank Bermuda Limited formerly known as The Bank of Bermuda Limited is a financial services company in Bermuda providing fund administration trust custody asset management and banking services to institutions and individuals. In 2004 the HSBC Group acquired the Bank of Bermuda which has since become a focus for certain fund management and private banking activities.
 A.K.O.O. is a clothing line started in late 2008 and founded by T.I. and Jason Geter both co-founders of Atlanta-based recording label Grand Hustle Records. A.K.O.O. is an acronym that stands for A King Of Oneself.
 Moorilla is a winery located in the suburb of Berriedale 12 km north of the city centre of Hobart Tasmania.
 Meteor Records was a record label started by the Bihari brothers owners of Modern Records in Los Angeles in 1952 in Memphis. The label to be run by Lester Bihari was a bold experiment to broaden the talent base by focusing on signing and recording Southern regional talent by having recording studios locally available. Elmore James recorded the first release I Believe/I Held My Baby Last Night.
 Harrassowitz Verlag is a German academic publishing house based in Wiesbaden. It publishes about 150 scholarly books and periodicals per year on Oriental Slavic and Book and Library Studies. The publishing house is part of the company Otto Harrassowitz GmbH & Co. KG founded by Otto Harrassowitz which is a book vendor for academic and research libraries founded in Leipzig in 1872.
 Carestream Health formerly Eastman Kodak Company's Health Group is an independent subsidiary of Onex Corporation Toronto Canada. Onex is one of Canada's largest corporations.
 Orbea is a bicycle manufacturer in Mallabia in the Basque Country of Spain. It began in 1840 as a rifle and gun producer and began making bicycles in the 1930s. It is part of the Mondragón Cooperative Corporation and Spain's largest bicycle manufacturer.
 This article is about the children's entertainment company. For the arcade game see Spinmaster.
 Renaissance Capital is a leading Russian investment banking firm that operates in high-opportunity emerging markets. It is a top-ranked investment bank for M&A equity and debt capital markets as well as securities sales and trading. Renaissance Capital focuses exclusively on emerging markets including Russia the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) and the frontier markets of MENA and sub-Saharan Africa.
 Sadbhav Engineering Limited (SEL) is a civil engineering construction company based in Ahmedabad Gujarat India. It was founded in 1988 by Vishnubhai M. Patel.SEL was listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange of India in 2001.
 Cyclope-Series is a privately held company founded in 2006 which belongs to Amplusnet Group. The company’s products include solutions for employee monitoring content filtering and print management.
 Daihatsu Motor Co. Ltd. (ダイハツ工業株式会社 Daihatsu Kōgyō Kabushiki-gaisha  TYO: 7262 OSE: 7262) is the oldest Japanese car manufacturer mostly known for its range of smaller models and off-road vehicles. The headquarters are located in Ikeda Osaka Prefecture.
 SVA Group is a Chinese electronics manufacturer established in 1995. The company is also a provider of network and information services.SVA Group has overseas branches in Argentina Australia Brazil Bulgaria Pakistan South Africa and the United States. The company's motto is You Demand. We create.
 Landmark Media Enterprises LLC (formerly Landmark Communications) is a privately held media company headquartered in Norfolk Virginia specializing in broadcast television newspaper publishing internet publishing software and data centers.
 Megabox (Hangeul: 메가박스) is a chain of movie theatres in South Korea. Its headquarters are in Cheongdam-dong Gangnam-gu Seoul and it was established in 2000.Megabox is owned by a consortium of Macquarie Bank and local financial investors. The first Megabox was launched in COEX Mall in Samseong-dong in 2000 and the second two years later in Busan for the international film festival. There are currently 14 branches nationwide.
 Assetz Capital is an online portal which allows investors to lend money directly to small businesses (SMEs) and property developers much like Funding Circle lend to businesses and other peer-to-peer lending companies such as Zopa lend to consumers.
 Yazoo Brewing Company is a regional craft brewery located in Nashville Tennessee. It was founded in 2003 by Brewmaster Linus Hall and has since expanded operations and won numerous awards.
 International Launch Services (ILS) is a U.S.-Russian joint venture with exclusive rights to the worldwide sale of commercial Proton rocket launch services from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.
 Palmetto Electric Cooperative Inc. is a non-profit electric utility cooperative headquartered in Ridgeland South Carolina. It has a membership of approximately 66000 customers.
 The Lakes Flying Company was an early British aircraft manufacturer of seaplanes based at Windermere. In 1914 it was taken over by the Northern Aircraft Company Limited.
 Asia Pulp & Paper also known in the paper industry as APP based in Jakarta is one of the largest pulp and paper companies in the world. It was founded by Eka Tjipta Widjaja with the help of co-founder Singgih Wahab Kwik (Kowik) who was also the adviser of the previous owners of Indah Kiat and former head of commissary and deputy of Sinar Mas Group who had significant ties to the Soeharto ruling family in Indonesia.
 RayaJet (or RAYAJET or Raya Jet) is an airline based in Amman Jordan which was launched in April 2005 and specializes in private jet charters.
 Unified Inbox is a software client that gathers communication channels—such as email Facebook SMS messages—into a single interface. Podium Ventures dubbed Unified Inbox as a startup to watch in 2012. Business Insider ranked the company #11 on its 2012 Startup List. The company is based on Waiheke Island New Zealand and run by CEO Toby Ruckert.
 Polyphony Digital Inc. is an internal video game development studio of Sony Computer Entertainment part of Sony Computer Entertainment Worldwide Studios. Originally a development group within Sony Computer Entertainment known as Polys Entertainment after the success of Gran Turismo in Japan they were granted greater autonomy and their name changed to Polyphony Digital.The studio is best known for its Gran Turismo racing game series.
 SkyWave Mobile Communications (“SkyWave”) is a global provider of satellite and satellite-cellular devices in the Machine-to-Machine (M2M) market. SkyWave's products allow customers to track monitor and control industrial vehicles vessels and industrial equipment. Applications include tracking the location of vehicle fleets monitoring data from oil & gas flow meters and turning on and off pumps. More examples of applications can be found in the Market section.
 Civica Group Ltd is a specialist system and outsourcing services company based in the UK. Civica is headquartered in London in the United Kingdom. It services around 1800 customers worldwide with offices in the UK Australia New Zealand and North America.
 Sable Systems develops and manufactures equipment for whole animal respirometry and offers courses in respirometry.
 EurekaBank was a Foster City California based bank with primary operations in the San Francisco Bay Area. It operated 36 branches in the region and was one of the largest local banks. Its overall existence was short as it was acquired by Bay View Bank in 1997 less than ten years after it was founded as a replacement to the failed Eureka Federal Savings.
 DataPlay is an optical disc system developed by DataPlay Inc. and released to the consumer market in 2002.
 Yuba-Sutter Transit is the public transportation agency that serves the Yuba-Sutter Area.
 Frigoglass is a manufacturer in commercial refrigeration and West Africa's leading glass producer. Frigoglass has operations in 19 countries across 5 continents including production hubs in Romania Russia Greece U.S.A. Turkey India China Indonesia South Africa and Nigeria sales offices in Poland Norway Ireland Kenya Philippines Germany France Malaysia and Australia.
 Bangladesh Bank (DSE : BXPHARMA LSE: BXP) also known as Beximco Pharma is a pharmaceutical company in Bangladesh. It is part of the Beximco Group of Companies.
 Raya Group (ASX: RYG) formerly Panax Geothermal Ltd is an Australian geothermal company based in Queensland. Its focus is on exploring existing reservoirs containing hot geothermal fluids. In March 2010 it succeeded to drill the first geothermal well in Australia to test a Hot Sedimentary Aquifer at the Penola Project in South Australia.
 United Microelectronics Corporation (UMC; Chinese: 聯華電子; pinyin: Liánhuá Diànzǐ) was founded as Taiwan's first semiconductor company in 1980 as a spin-off of the government-sponsored Industrial Technology Research Institute (ITRI).
 Omnifone is an independent provider of cloud-based unlimited music services to consumer electronics vendors mobile carriers Internet service providers and consumer brands including RIM Sony HP and rara.com.Omnifone enables legitimate cloud-based unlimited music consumption and a viable alternative to piracy across multiple in-home in-car mobile and PC platforms and has launched its MusicStation-powered unlimited music services across five continents on a wide range of devices.
 Claiborne Farm is a thoroughbred horse breeding operation near Paris Kentucky. It was established in 1910 by Arthur B. Hancock owner of Ellerslie Farm in Albemarle County Virginia and has been operated by members of his family ever since.
 Dorna Sports S.L. is the commercial rights holder for the motorcycling sport of MotoGP.Established in 1988 as an international sports management and marketing company it is headquartered in Madrid with offices in Barcelona London and Tokyo. Set up by Banco Banesto as Dorna promoción del deporte the company was sold to CVC Madrid in 1998 as the operation developed internationally and was renamed Dorna Sports.
 Air Serbia (stylized as AirSERBIA) is the flag carrier and largest airline of Serbia. The airline was formerly known as Jat Airways until it was renamed in 2013. Air Serbia commenced operations under its new name on 26 October 2013 (2013-10-26). The airline is based at Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport.
 Shanghai Maple Guorun Automobile Co. Ltd. (Shanghai Maple) is a Chinese automobile manufacturing company based in Fengjing Shanghai and a subsidiary of Zhejiang Geely Holding Group.
 Ska Satellite was started by Moon Ska Records as a way to produce smaller acts on a lower budget.
 Leo J. Shapiro and Associates (LJS) is a privately owned market research firm that was founded in 1955 by Leo J. Shapiro. LJS maintains a central office in downtown Chicago USA with about 100 research professionals and staff members as well as a network of global alliances to execute research nearly anywhere in the world. The firm’s reach extends to Europe Asia and Central and South America.
 Maponics is a privately held company headquartered in White River Junction Vermont United States that produces geographic boundary data that is used in mapping applications and other services that utilize location-based data.
 Komus (Russian: Ко́мус) is a Russian chain store and manufacturing company. It supplies goods for office and school office furniture and equipment paper and paperboard plastic package medical consumables and provides printing services. Its headquarters are in Moscow.
 Advertising.com is an online advertising company based in the United States. Established in 1998 as Trade Key with the name TeknoSurf.com by Scott and John Ferber it was renamed Advertising.com in January 2000.
 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co. Ltd. Bus (GAAC) is the part of the Guangzhou Automobile Group (GAC) that manufactures buses in China. It was formed in 2008 by merging two divisions of GAC Guangzhou Denway Bus Guangzhou Yuelong Bus and Guangzhou Isuzu Bus into one. Buses are produced using Isuzu technology. They were merged after Isuzu withdrew from its joint venture. The brands (Denway- Yangcheng- and Isuzu-) are to be integrated into the Guangzhou brand.
 Rebellion is a British computer games company based in Oxford who are known for their games in the Aliens vs. Predator and Sniper Elite franchises. It has published comic books since 2000 and launched its own book imprint Abaddon Books in 2006.
 Electromagnetic Geoservices ASA (EMGS) is a Norwegian geophysical services company using proprietary marine electromagnetic technology to support oil and gas companies in their search for offshore hydrocarbons. The administrative and research headquarters are located in Trondheim.The company was established on February 1 2002 by the founders Terje Eidesmo Ståle Johansen and Svein Ellingsrud.
 GMV Nashville is a digital record label based in Nashville TN founded by Jeff Walker in 2007.
 Tofutti Brands Inc. is a US company founded by New York restaurateur David Mintz that makes a range of soy-based dairy-free foods. Best known for ice cream substitute Tofutti targets some niches such as the lactose-intolerant kosher food allergy sensitive vegetarian and vegan markets. In Canada Tofutti-Cholac Foods has distributed Tofutti products to Canadian supermarkets grocers and health food stores since the late 1980s.
 Haemimont Games is a Bulgarian video game developer founded in September 1997 and based in Sofia. The company primarily concentrates on producing medieval and ancient history strategy games and has about 50 employees making it Bulgaria's largest video game developer.
 Warner/Chappell Music Inc. is an American music publishing company and a division of the Warner Music Group. The company traces its origins back to 1811 and the founding of Chappell & Company a music publishing company and instrument shop on London’s Bond Street that in 1929 began a rapid expansion period under Chairman Louis Dreyfus including the acquisitions of M.
 Cantus Verkehrsgesellschaft mbH (which translates roughly as Cantus Transport Company Ltd) based in Kassel is a joint subsidiary of Hessische Landesbahn (HLB) and Hamburger Hochbahn (HHA). The word cantus refers to a steel rail-wheel tyre and is written in all lower case in the company's style. The company took over local rail passenger services on the following routes in December 2006 for ten years: R 1 Göttingen – Eichenberg – Hann.
 India Cements Limited is a cement manufacturing company in India. It was established in 1946 and the first plant was set up at Thalaiyuthu in Tamil Nadu in 1949. It has about seven cement manufacturing plants spread over Southern India catering to major markets in South India and Maharashtra. The capacities of its plants are over 9 million tons per annum. India Cements was founded by S. N. N. Sankaralinga Iyer. The media has wrongly attributed Shri T. S.
 Mammoth Screen is a UK-based independent production company that was established in 2007 by Michele Buck and Damien Timmer. It produces high quality drama for key UK broadcasters especially ITV and international distribution.
 Strathclyde Buses was a bus operating company in Glasgow and west-central Scotland. It commenced operations in October 1986. Prior to 1986 the council-owned buses had belonged to Strathclyde Passenger Transport Executive (Strathclyde PTE) and therefore were owned by Strathclyde Regional Council. The new company although still under the control of the Council was no longer able to rely on the Council for any financial or any other help. In 1996 the company was taken over by FirstGroup.
 C magazine redirects here. For C California Style Magazine see C California Style Magazine. For the defunct Finnish computer magazine see C (magazine).Cardinal Courier Media or CCM is the overseeing body of several media outlets at St. John Fisher College in Pittsford New York. CCM was founded in 2007 but has roots that date back to 2002. The group currently operates a newspaper a website and a magazine.
 The Long Island Lighting Company or LILCO [ lil-co ] was an electrical power company and natural gas utility for the communities of Long Island New York serving 2.7 million people in Nassau Suffolk and Queens Counties.LILCO was the original power utility for Long Island from 1911 until 1998. It was founded by Ellis Laurimore Phillips an engineer and a group of New York City investors including George W.
 Speedlink was a wagonload freight service operated by British Rail from 1977 to 1991 using air-braked wagons
 Scream Factory is a branch of Shout! Factory dedicated to releasing horror and science-fiction films with cult followings. Scream Factory has released a slate of fan-favorite thrillers from the 1980s many of which have never been available on Blu-ray before.
 Carved Records is an American record label operating out of Dallas Texas that began operation in 2009.
 AmnesiaGames is an independent video game developer based in Santiago Chile founded in 2006 in Santiago Chile. The company creates multi-platfome games and applications for Smartphones Tablets and the Web.
 Phoenix Contact manufactures industrial automation interconnection and interface solutions. It offers terminal blocks which include relays signal conditioning controller system cabling surge suppression transition interfaces and custom interfaces; printed circuit board terminal blocks; controllers and IO; as well as industrial plug connectors.
 Avella Specialty Pharmacy formerly known as The Apothecary Shops is an American specialty pharmacy company. The company creates clinical patient support programs designed to assist in the treatment of complex conditions.Avella is headquartered in Phoenix Arizona and has facilities in eight states. Dr. John D. Musil is the company’s founder. Rebecca Shanahan is the CEO.
 Kalemat Arabia (Arabic: كلمات عربية‎) is a publishing company that was founded in 2007 in Cairo Egypt as an initiative to bridge the gap between the Arab and the western culture by means of facilitating access to western knowledge for the Arab reader by providing translations of the Western cultural and intellectual best books into Arabic.
 MyBank Limited (now merge with summit bank on 1 July 2011) was a bank located in Karachi Sindh Pakistan until its merger with Summit Bank in July 2011. Mybank Limited was incorporated in 1992 as a Commercial bank in Pakistan. Before acquisition it had 80 branches with PKR 5.303 Billion Paid Up Capital.
 Penpont Brewery is a brewery established by Joseph Thomson (at the time one of the youngest brewers in the country) and Stephen Medlicott in 2008. It was built in converted farm buildings just outside Altarnun up on the edge of Bodmin Moor Cornwall. The beers are brewed using their own spring water near Penpont Water hence the name.
 Optimus Telecomunicações S.A. is a Portuguese GSM/UMTS mobile operator. The company was incorporated at the end of 1997 after winning the bid for Portugal's third GSM license. Optimus is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sonaecom (a sub-holding of Portuguese conglomerate Sonae which is the major shareholder with the France Télécom holding company Atlas Services Belgium (ASB) as the largest minority owner).
 Orlando is a French record label owned by Bruno Gigliotti also known as Orlando.
 CBS Studios International (CSI) (formerly CBS Paramount International Television) is a multinational television production/distribution arm of CBS Television Studios and owned by CBS Corporation that was formed in 2004 by Viacom as CBS Paramount International Television a result of a merger between two television companies CBS Broadcast International and Paramount International Television. Since September 26 2006 the company is part of the CBS Television Distribution Group.
 California Central Airlines (CCA) was a post-war American scheduled intrastate airline based at Burbank California. Formed in 1947 it flew its first services in 1949 by 1954 it had shutdown due to bankruptcy.
 Francis Baylie (also variously spelt Bayley or Bailey) was a shipbuilder based in Bristol England during the 17th century a well established merchant shipbuilder who also built warships for the English Royal Navy.
 Gus Mayer is a Birmingham Alabama based family-owned upscale specialty department store that caters to upper-end clientele and is known for its high-end fashions. The two-store chain is owned by the Pizitz Management Group.
 Bryan Cave LLP is an international law firm with twenty-four offices worldwide headquartered in St. Louis Missouri United States.
 Rogers TV is a group of community channels owned by Rogers Communications. Many of these channels share common programs. Rogers TV broadcasts into the Canadian provinces of New Brunswick Newfoundland and Labrador and Ontario. Rogers TV is available only in communities served by Rogers' cable and telecom division and is not carried by other television services providers.
 George P. Johnson or GPJ is an American multinational corporation that specialises in event marketing and brand marketing with headquarters located in Auburn Hills Michigan United States. GPJ operates primarily as a marketing and advertisement firm providing digital multimedia and physical marketing interactions as well as offering brand management services and consulting however GPJ specialises in more traditional physical event management.
 Global (often written in all capitalized letters as GLOBAL) is a brand of cutlery products made by Yoshikin of Japan. Their selection of knives are known for their distinctive one piece molybdenum/vanadium stainless steel design even though they are made of two parts.
 Kinetic theTechnologyAgency is a translation process management software company based in Louisville Kentucky. The company offers enterprise-level software packages to Forbes_Global_2000 companies allowing clients to optimize their enormous translations projects.Kinetic theTechnologyAgency is located in historic Distillery Commons in Louisville Kentucky.
 Simple (previously BankSimple) is an American banking company headquartered in Portland Oregon offering a suite of all-electronic consumer banking services. Simple partners with The Bancorp to provide FDIC-insured checking accounts and partners with Allpoint to offer surcharge-free access to its national network of ATMs.Simple has raised a total of $15.3 million in funding. Currently new accounts are by invitation only.
 Larox founded in 1977 and headquartered at Lappeenranta Finland is a Finnish engineering company that develops designs and manufactures industrial filters for use in mining and metallurgy chemical processing and related industries.
 Visco Corporation (株式会社ビスコ) is a Japanese software company located in Kita-ku Kyoto Japan. It was founded in 1982 by Tetsuo Akiyama (秋山　哲雄 Akiyama Tetsuo) and later became corporate on August 8 1983 while revealing itself as Visco in Kanamecho Toshima Tokyo Japan. They originally developed video games for several platforms from the arcades and NES to the Nintendo 64 and Neo Geo in the past.
 Runiter Company is a software company established in 2000 by its founder Dr. Saeid Nourian. The company is specialized in the design and development of mathematical computer programs. These products range from advanced mathematical graphers for plotting high quality graphs of cartesian polar and parametric equations to college aid tutorial software tools that demonstrate math and statistics concepts through visual problem solving techniques.
 Szybka Kolej Miejska (English: Fast City Rail) is a rail operator providing services in the Warsaw metropolitan area using the national rail network while constituting a part of the city's integrated public transport system organized by the Warsaw Transport Authority.
 Portrait Records was a sister label of Epic Records and later of Columbia Records. Cyndi Lauper and Sade signed with Portrait but their contracts were absorbed by Epic after that incarnation of the label was shuttered.Portrait began in 1976 as a sister label of Epic; its initial signings were Joan Baez Burton Cummings and the McCrarys. Cummings' Stand Tall was the lead-off single. Baez's Blowin' Away album and the McCrarys' self-titled debut bowed in early 1977.
 Future Fossil Records is an independent record label that Chris Butler (Tin Huey The Waitresses) owns and runs in Hoboken New Jersey USA. It has been there since the late 1990s. Albums released through that label include his own solo material such as The Museum of Me.
 Bural is an airline based in Ulan-Ude Russia. It operates trunk and regional passenger services. Its main base is Ulan-Ude Airport.
 Macron S.P.A. Italian sporting apparel company based in Crespellano Bologna Italy is a European leader in the production of active sportswear.
 CNET Video is a San Francisco and New York based web television network showing original programming catering to the niche market of technology enthusiasts operated by CBS Interactive through their CNET brand and. CNET Video originated as the television program production arm of CNET Networks in the United States producing programs starting in the mid-to-late 1990s. It was CNET Networks' first project. Technology-themed television shows produced by CNET Video also aired on G4 in Canada.
 The Good Relations Group is a London UK-based group of public relations and communications companies owned by Chime Communications plc. The group has 215 staff 172 based in the UK. As well as Good Relations the group also includes agencies Harvard MMK and Ptarmigan; some regional offices of Bell Pottinger Group were also rebranded as Good Relations following Bell Pottinger's MBO in June 2012.The Good Relations Group CEO is former London Olympics communications chief Jackie Brock-Doyle.
 Programming Research Limited (PRQA) is a provider of static program analysis tools including QA-C and QA-C++. They are authors of the High Integrity C++ software coding standard.
 Costco Wholesale Corporation is a membership-only warehouse club that provides a wide selection of merchandise. As of July 2012 it is the second largest retailer in the United States the seventh largest retailer in the world and the largest membership warehouse club chain in the United States.
 The McClatchy Company is a publicly traded American publishing company based in Sacramento California. It operates 30 daily newspapers in 15 states and has an average weekday circulation of 2.2 million and Sunday circulation of 2.8 million. In 2006 it purchased Knight Ridder which at the time was the second-largest newspaper company in the United States (Gannett was and remains the largest). In addition to its daily newspapers McClatchy also operates several websites and community papers.
 Integrated Dynamics (abbreviated ID) is a private company in Pakistan that designs manufactures and exports various types of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV). ID also provides consultancy and turn-key project commissioning for UAV systems.
 Dionex Corporation is an American company based in Sunnyvale California. It develops manufactures sells and services chromatography ion chromatography and extraction systems for separating isolating and identifying the components of chemical mixtures.Dionex develops the Chromeleon brand of chromatography software. The primary function of Chromeleon is to control and obtain data from Dionex analytical instruments although the software supports instruments from other vendors.
 Polyus Gold International is the largest gold producer in Russia and one of the top 10 gold miners globally by ounces produced (1.5 million ounces of gold production in 2011). The company holds the world’s third largest gold reserves with over 90 million ounces of proven and probable gold reserves underpinning the Polyus Gold’s sector-leading production growth profile (8% increase in gold production in 2011 to 2010).
 TrueCar Inc. is an automotive pricing and information website for new and used car buyers and dealers. TrueCar is designed to provide a transparent car buying experience for auto dealers and consumers. In 2013 TrueCar was recognized as one of L.A. County’s 10 fastest growing private companies by the LA Business Journal and named to Deloitte’s Technology Fast 500 for companies in North America.
 Eby-Brown is the largest privately owned tobacco candy and convenience distributor in the United States. Founded in 1887 Eby-Brown has been led by members of the Wake family for over 50 years.
 AMRO Bank (Amsterdamsche and Rotterdamsche Bank) was a major Dutch bank that was created from the merger of the Amsterdamsche Bank and the Rotterdamsche Bank in 1964. Its name comes from the first two letters of the two originating banks. It went on to become one of the two main predecessors to ABN AMRO bank when it agreed to merge with Algemene Bank Nederland (ABN) in 1991.
 KIOTI Tractor (pronounced /kaɪˈoʊtiː/ coyote) is the trade name for Daedong tractors in North America and Europe. Daedong Industrial Co. Ltd. which is based in Daegu South Korea was founded in 1947 producing its first tractor in 1968. In 1993 Daedong expanded into the US market with Daedong-USA based in Wendell North Carolina and established the KIOTI Tractor brand.
 Ranch Systems LLC is a privately held manufacturer of wireless monitoring and control equipment for agriculture. The company was founded in 2005 by former executive of Oracle Corporation Jacob Christfort and is based in Novato California USA.The company's products use wireless sensor network technology to monitor climate and other environmental data in fields and relays this information in real-time to an Internet application accessible by the company's customers.
 MTBC Medical Transcription Billing Corp. is a healthcare IT company that provides electronic health record software and technology-based medical billing transcription and practice management services to healthcare providers in the United States. MTBC is headquartered in Somerset NJ USA and runs an operational facility in Islamabad Pakistan through its subsidiary Medical Transcription Billing Company (Pvt.) Ltd.
 Federal Airport Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) is a service organization statutorily charged to manage all Commercial Airports in Nigeria and provide service to both passenger and cargo airlines. Generally to create conditions for the development in the most economic and efficient manner of air transport and the services connected with it. The agency has its head office on the grounds of Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Ikeja Lagos State.
 Career Soft also known as Team Career was a Japanese video game development studio founded in June 1996 by a team within Masaya (a division of NCS). The company continued to work with NCS on Langrisser III-V and then went on to develop the Growlanser (series) with Atlus in 1999. In October 2001 Atlus acquired Career Soft and became the sole publisher of their games.
 Burley-Sekem Pty Ltd is an Australian sporting goods and clothing company. It was formed in 1985 from the merger of Burley Sports Pty Ltd formerly JL Burley Pty Ltd a Western Australian football manufacturer and Sekem Pty Ltd a sports clothing and school uniform manufacturer.
 EPCOR Utilities Inc. formerly known as Aqualta and Eltec is a utility company based in Edmonton Alberta which manages numerous municipal water and wastewater treatment facilities throughout Alberta and British Columbia.
 National Preservation is the trading name for Nat Pres Ltd a British-based online company that specialises in retail and discussion among railway enthusiasts. The company was created on 25 June 2008 as an extension of the original National Preservation forum which began on 10 March 2005 and has since moved to its own server.
 LVN Pictures Inc. is one of the biggest film studios in the history of Philippine cinema and its foremost establishment in motion picture post-production until 2005. In its heyday of motion picture production LVN Pictures has been compared to that of the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios (MGM) of Hollywood because it had under contract the biggest stars and film craftsmen of the period.
 Skaggs Companies was the predecessor to many famous United States retailing chains including Safeway Albertsons Osco Drug and Longs Drugs. The company owned several drugstore chains but all of them were sold. Skaggs Cos. became American Stores in 1979.
 The Company is a production company best known for producing the live-action sitcoms that air on Disney Channel India And Best Live SDhows For M.T.V.
 Kenmore Air Harbor Inc. doing business as Kenmore Air is an American airline with its headquarters on the grounds of Kenmore Air Harbor in Kenmore Washington USA north of Seattle. It operates scheduled and charter seaplane and land plane service to destinations throughout western Washington and southwestern British Columbia as well as seaplane flightseeing flights around Seattle.
 The Industries Mécaniques Maghrébines S.A. (IMM) are a Tunisian car manufacturer headquartered in the city of Kairouan. The company was founded in 1982 and closed for the first time in 1988; the plant was reopened in 1991. Since then the manufacturer has formed subsidiaries to distribute its vehicles in Carthage Tunis and Oued Smar Algeria.The company is a joint-venture between the General Motors Company (20 per cent) Isuzu Motors Ltd.
 Albert S. (Al) Menasco organized the Menasco Motors Company in 1926 to convert WWI surplus Salmson Z-9 water-cooled nine-cylinder radials into air-cooled engines for private use. His association with John K.
 Not to be confused with Jet AirwaysJat Airways (Serbian pronunciation: [jât]) was the national flag carrier and largest airline of Serbia and formerly Yugoslavia. Originally founded in 1927 as Aeroput the airline ceased operations during World War II. After resuming flights in 1947 the airline was renamed JAT Jugoslovenski Aerotransport on 1 April 1947. The airline was renamed again in 2003. Jat Airways and their predecessors were one of the oldest airlines still in operation.
 Erie Insurance Group is a multi-line insurance company offering auto home commercial and life insurance through a network of independent insurance agents.Erie Insurance Group's geographic presence extends to 11 U.S. states and the District of Columbia including Illinois Indiana Maryland New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Tennessee Virginia West Virginia and Wisconsin. It also owns the naming rights to the Erie Insurance Arena in downtown Erie Pennsylvania.
 Broadmoor Records was a New Orleans Louisiana based indie record label. Established by Dave Bartholomew it was named after his neighborhood Broadmoor New Orleans.
 Grupo Arcor (name formed taking the first letters of the words Arroyito and Córdoba: AR-COR) is an Argentine food company specialized in confectionery. The firm was founded on July 5 1951 in the city of Arroyito Córdoba.Arcor is an Argentine group that specializes in the production of foodstuff sugar and chocolate confectionery cookies and ice cream. It develops leading brands in its 39 industrial plants throughout Latin America.
 Hartmann & Weiss GmbH is a Hamburg-based custom sporting firearms maker founded in 1965 by two ex-James Purdey workers. They make sporting arms including shotguns over and under falling block single rifles and bolt action rifles based on Mauser-98 and several other modern actions. They have produced small numbers of double rifles in calibers from .375H&H to the .600 Nitro Express.
 The International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) is a trade organization of participants in the market for over-the-counter derivatives.It is headquartered in New York and has created a standardized contract (the ISDA Master Agreement) to enter into derivatives transactions. In addition to legal and policy activities ISDA manages FpML (Financial products Markup Language) an XML message standard for the OTC Derivatives industry.
 Cape Cod Publishing Company based in Orleans Massachusetts USA was a publisher of weekly newspapers in the 1990s. It was created by Fidelity Investments as a holding company for newspapers acquired on Cape Cod and eventually folded into Fidelity's Community Newspaper Company. CNC is now owned by GateHouse Media.
 CoTherix Inc. was a biopharmaceutical company located in South San Francisco California. CoTherix focused on licensing developing and commercializing therapeutic products for the treatment of cardiopulmonary and other chronic diseases. The company formerly known as Exhale Therapeutics Inc. was founded in February 2000 by Gerard Turino MD a past president of the American Thoracic Society and Jerome Cantor MD a pulmonary pathologist.
 Kinostudiya Lenfilm (Russian: Киностудия Ленфильм) is a production unit of the Russian film industry with its own film studio located in Saint Petersburg Russia formerly Leningrad R.S.F.S.R. Today OAO Kinostudiya Lenfilm is a corporation with its stakes shared between private owners and several private film studios which are operating on the premises. Since October 2012 the Chairman of the board of directors is Fyodor Bondarchuk.
 Apogee Books is an imprint of Canadian publishing house Collector's Guide Publishing. The Apogee imprint began with Apollo 8 The NASA Mission Reports in November 1998 at the request of astronaut Buzz Aldrin second man on the moon. The first publication by Apogee was printed to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the first manned flight around the moon. A limited edition print run of this Apollo 8 book led to Aldrin suggesting that the imprint continue with further anniversary publications.
 The Cyberinfrastructure for Network Science (CNS) Center was founded in October 2005 by Professor Katy Börner at Indiana University. The Center’s mission is to advance datasets and tools for the study of biomedical social and behavioral science physics and other networks.
 The Sacramento Regional Transit District commonly referred to as RT is the agency responsible for public transportation in the Sacramento California area. It was established on April 1 1973 as a result of the acquisition of the Sacramento Transit Authority. In addition to operating over 60 bus routes with connecting bus service in the Sacramento area covering 418 sq mi (1082.6 km2). RT also operates a large light rail system.
 Geeknet Inc. is a Fairfax County Virginia-based company that owns the online retailer ThinkGeek. Formerly known as VA Research VA Linux Systems VA Software and SourceForge Inc. it was founded in 1993. It was formerly headquartered in Mountain View California.
 Recheio is a chain of cash-and-carry stores in Portugal.
 Ames True Temper is a multinational corporation headquartered in Camp Hill Pennsylvania USA. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Griffon Corporation. Ames True Temper specializes in the manufacture of non-powered lawn and garden products.
 Mitsubishi Estate Co. Ltd. (三菱地所株式会社 Mitsubishi Jisho Kabushiki-gaisha MEC) (TYO: 8802) is a Japanese corporation. It is one of the core Mitsubishi companies. Mitsubishi Estate has its headquarters in the Otemachi Building in Ōtemachi Chiyoda Tokyo.
 TEC Solutions Limited is a software manufacturer that develops and sells software to help employers with computer and Internet monitoring data protection and systems management.
 Airship Industries was the most prolific and long-lived of a sequence of British manufacturers of modern non-rigid airships (blimps) active under that name from 1970 to the present day and controlled for part of that time by Alan Bond. The first in the chain Aerospace Developments was founded in 1970 and a successor Hybrid Air Vehicles remains active as of 2014. Airship Industries itself was active between 1980 and 1990.
 Andrews McMeel Publishing LLC (formerly Andrews McMeel and Parker (1975–1986) and Andrews and McMeel (1986–1997)) is a company which publishes books calendars and related toys. It is a part of Andrews McMeel Universal (which comprises AMP Universal Uclick and Amuse).
 The United Coconut Planters Bank more popularly known by its initials UCPB or by its old name Cocobank is one of the largest banks in the Philippines ranking within the top twenty banks in the Philippines in terms of assets.
 AS Sporveisbussene is a bus company that operates about 75% of the routes in Oslo Norway. The company was created in 1997 when the then Oslo Sporveier was reorganised. It is now a subsidiary of Kollektivtransportproduksjon a municipal company responsible for operating public transport in Oslo. In 2003 the Oslo City Council decided that bus transport in Oslo was to be based on public service obligation contracts and Sporveisbussene has steadily lost its routes to these contracts.
 MedCath Corporation is an American public company which provides cardiac health care. The company was founded in 1988 as MedCath Partners a for-profit corporation which offered cath lab nuclear cardiology and sleep medicine services. In 1999 the company began opening and operating acute care cardiac hospitals.In the early months of 2005 MedCath significantly shifted its corporate strategy.
 Thoratec Corporation is a United States-based company that designs manufactures sells and supports products that treat a wide range of clinical needs for advanced heart failure patients specifically proprietary medical devices for circulatory support vascular graft applications point-of-care diagnostic test systems and skin incision products.
 Vostok Gas Ltd (named Vostok Nafta Investment Ltd prior to 24 May 2007) was an investment company mainly focused on oil and gas from the former Soviet Union. The company was founded in 1996 and had its headquarters in Bermuda. Almost all Vostok Gas's holdings were American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) in Russia's Gazprom which made the company owner of approximately 1.5% of Gazprom.
 Heritage Bank Limited is Australia's largest mutual bank. Its head office is located in Toowoomba Queensland and it operates predominantly in the Darling Downs geographical area.Heritage manages consolidated assets exceeding $7 billion and currently employs approximately 700 staff. Heritage has 130 retail outlets across southern Queensland including 59 full branch outlets.
 Avid Technology Inc. is an American company specializing in video and audio production technology; specifically digital non-linear editing (NLE) systems management and distribution services. It was created in 1987 and became a publicly traded company in 1993. Avid is headquartered in Burlington Massachusetts.Avid products are now used in the television and video industry to create television shows feature films and commercials.
 Coast Mountain Bus Company (CMBC) is the contract operator for bus transit services in Metro Vancouver and is a wholly owned subsidiary of the South Coast British Columbia Transportation Authority known locally as TransLink the entity responsible for transit. The buses form part of the integrated transit network of the lower mainland.
 Indigo Books & Music Inc. (stylised as !ndigo) is a Canadian retail bookstore chain. The company was founded in 1996 by CEO Heather Reisman wife of Gerry Schwartz majority owner and CEO of Onex Corporation.The company's first big box bookstore initially called Indigo Books Music & More was opened in Burlington Ontario on September 4 1997.
 Lesbians Gays Transsexuals and Bisexuals Collective Organization (Spanish: Colectivo de Lesbianas Gays Transexuales y Bisexuales de MadridCOGAM) is a Spanish non-governmental association stated as a public utility and non-profit organization in Boletín Oficial del Estado which works actively for the rights of lesbians gays transsexuals and bisexuals.
 Go South Coast is an intermediate holding company responsible for the Go-Ahead Group's bus operations on the South Coast of England.
 Xanadu Records was a jazz music record label specializing in bebop throughout the 1970s and 1980s founded by Don Schlitten recording and issuing recordings by some legendary names in jazz music.
 Informax Inc. was an American bioinformatics company founded in 1990 by Alex Titomirov with the group of prominent Russian and American scientists and businessmen. Started from scratch Informax developed line of unique products to perform sequence visualization and analysis. Informax first flagship product - Vector NTI quickly became very popular. After success with software product designed for a desktop users Informax developed enterprise-level solution named Genomax.
 Sony Pictures Entertainment (Japan) lnc. (株式会社ソニー・ピクチャーズ エンタテインメント Kabushiki-Gaisha Sonī Pikuchāzu Entateinmento) is a Japanese film studio based in Minato-ku Tokyo. It also uses the as abbreviations: SPE or SPEJ for operations.SPEJ is the majority shareholder of Japanese anime satellite television company Animax Broadcasat Japan.They have also distributed most of Sony Pictures Entertainment's films for Japan as well as producing some Anime and Anime films as well.
 Barnes & Thornburg LLP is a large U.S. law firm and lobbying group with 12 offices located in the United States. It is currently the largest law firm in the state of Indiana and 97th largest in the United States. Their largest office is at the Barnes and Thornburg Building in Indianapolis Indiana.
 Nash Timbers is a global and domestic distributor of timber flooring joinery and beams.The company based in Sydney Australia was founded in 2003 by David Nash. Nash Timbers is notable for its stance on green timber and for its role as a major informant to key industry figures concerning the origin and proper use of wood products.
 The Siemens Energy Sector founded on January 1 2008 is one of the four sectors of Siemens AG corporation. The company generates and delivers power from numerous sources including the extraction conversion and transport of oil and natural gas in addition to renewable and alternative energy sources. Michael Suess was appointed CEO of the sector on April 1 2011.
 HIP–Petrohemija (full legal name: Akcionarsko društvo za proizvodnju petrohemijskih proizvoda sirovina i hemikalija HIP-Petrohemija Pančevo) is a Serbian producer of petrochemicals based in Pančevo Serbia. The company owns petrochemical complexes located in Pančevo Elemir and Crepaja. It specializes in producing HDPE LDPE and other petrochemical products with an annual production capacity of 700000 tonnes.
 Benco Dental is an American dental product and equipment distributor based in Pittston Pennsylvania.
 Brain Damage Films is a US-based worldwide independent film production company and distribution company. It was founded in 2001 by Darrin Ramage.The company distributes a variety of horror and shock genre movies in many formats including DVD Blu-Ray and cable satellite and internet Video On Demand. Since the 2001 founding it has grown to be one of the largest independent horror film distributors.
 Foy & Gibson (also known as Foy's) was one of Australia's earliest department store chains modelled on Le Bon Marché in Paris and other European and American Stores of the period. A large range of goods were manufactured and sold by the company including clothing manchester leather goods soft furnishings furniture hardware and food.The first store was established as a drapery in Smith Street Collingwood Victoria by Mark Foy.
 Bavarian Brewing Company was a brewery established in Covington Kentucky in 1866 by Julius Deglow as the Deglow & Company Brewery but became known as the Bavarian Brewery as early as 1869. The brewery was originally located on Pike Street and the business expanded to include the 12th street property by 1877. The company merged with International Breweries Inc. in 1959 and operated as Bavarian Division International Breweries Inc. The facility closed in 1966.
 Tuna Technologies is an independent games development company specialising in creating games across a range of home computer and games console systems.Their most recent release is Eufloria HD for iOS created in collaboration with Rudolf Kremers and Alex May-the creators of Eufloria.
 PiP Animation Services Inc. is a full-service animation studio located in Ottawa Canada. Its current work includes the Teletoon series Carl Squared the CBC series The Secret World of Og and the WNET series Cyberchase.
 Yakutia Airlines (Russian: Авиакомпания „Якутия“ – Aviakompaniya “Yakutiya” Air Company Yakutia) is an airline based in Yakutsk Russia. It operates domestic passenger services in Russia and within the CIS as well as charters to destinations in Europe from its hubs at Yakutsk Airport and Moscow's Vnukovo Airport.
 NHS Innovations London (NHSIL) is part of a national network of NHS Innovation Hubs that were established to provide services to the NHS to help Trusts identify protect and develop their ideas. The activities of the NHS Innovations Hubs are coordinated by the National Innovation Centre part of the NHS Institute for Innovation and Improvement. Many innovations are best implemented by making them freely available through normal knowledge management processes.
 AutoTrader.com Inc. is an online marketplace for car shoppers and sellers. It aggregates millions of new used and certified second-hand cars from thousands of dealers and private sellers. The site also provides users with automotive reviews shopping advice and comparison tools for car financing and insurance information. The firm is based in Atlanta Georgia and has been featured in The New York Times Businessweek and ABC News.
 Global Van Lines is a transport company founded in 1933 by George T. Howard as Howard Van Lines in Dallas Texas and took its present name in 1957 when it was acquired by Trans-Ocean Van Service of Long Beach California.It gained some fame in the 1960s by moving equipment for NASA. For many years its slogan was Modern moving with old fashioned care.It was acquired in 1981 by WKG Corporation of Houston Texas and sold to Contrans Corporation in 1985.
 Biba was a London fashion store of the 1960s and 1970s. Biba was started and primarily run by the Polish-born Barbara Hulanicki with help of her husband Stephen Fitz-Simon.
 Wynndel Property Management is a British property company with offices in London England and Chepstow Wales plus a network of sites in the Home Counties and the North of England.
 Cash's or J. J. Cash Ltd. is a company in Coventry England founded in 1846 that manufactures woven name tapes and other woven products and is known for formerly making ribbons.
 Piqqem is an online stock selection service using a method of selection based on the Wisdom of Crowds. It was launched in the fall of 2008 with angel funding from early-stage Apple investor Mike Markkula (the first investor in Apple) and Tellme Networks founder Mike McCue. Piqqem encourages users to make predictions on stock prices with simple graphical icons or using online graphing charts.
 Reiss is a UK-based fashion brand owned and run by founder David Reiss. The brand produces men's and women's clothing. It has 65 stores located primarily in the UK but with stores in the USA Ireland UAE China and Malaysia. One store is located in Multrees Walk in Edinburgh another in Marina Mall Abu Dhabi. The Reiss flagship store and headquarters in London designed by Squire and Partners has won several awards including the RIBA Award the BCO Award and the Civic Trust Award.
 DekaBank was formed as a first private bank in Azerbaijan in 1989. Until the collapse of the USSR it served as a cooperative bank whereas the Central Bank of Azerbaijan issued a license in 1992 which granted rights to the bank to offer all kinds of commercial banking services.
 i Sebastiani is a Commedia dell'Arte theatre troupe formed in 1990 by Jeff Hatalsky. To the present day i Sebastiani has performed for thousands of fans across the United States and Canada. The company has travelled as far as Montreal to the north Miami to the south and Texas to the west performing more than 100 different improvisational scenarios.i Sebastiani presently operates out of Boston MA.
 Telmex is a Mexican telecommunications company headquartered in Mexico City that provides telecommunications products and services in Mexico Argentina Chile Colombia Brazil (Embratel) Ecuador and other countries in Latin America. Telmex is still the dominant fixed-line phone carrier in Mexico. In addition to traditional fixed-line telephone service Telmex also offers Internet access data hosted services and IPTV. Telmex owns 90 percent of the telephone lines in Mexico City.
 FIRST Magazine (Forum For Decision Makers) or FIRST is a multi-disciplinary international affairs organisation based in London. The company was founded in 1984 and aims to promote communications between leaders in industry finance and government worldwide and to promote strategic dialogue. Rupert Goodman is the Chairman and Founder and in 2006 Lord Hurd of Westwell joined as Chairman of the Advisory Council.
 Semikron is an independent family-owned and internationally leading manufacturer of power semiconductor components. The company was founded by Dr. Friedrich Josef Martin in Nuremberg in 1951. German-based Semikron employs 3600 people worldwide (1500 in Nuremberg). Semikron comprises a global network of 35 companies with 10 production sites in Brazil China France Germany India Italy Korea Slovakia South Africa and USA.
 Verve Energy is a Western Australian Government owned corporation responsible for operating the state's electricity generators on the State's South West Interconnected System. It was split from the then vertically integrated Western Power in 2006 during reforms to the state's electricity sector .
 Gameplanet is a video gaming website that provides news reviews previews downloads and other information. It is the largest video gaming website in New Zealand.
 The Hanchen Group was founded in Amsterdam Netherlands in 1998 as an enterprise engaged in tobacco and related industries. Hanchen focuses mainly on the growing processing and marketing of tobacco organic rice and other agricultural products as well as trading in leaf tobacco cigarettes and tobacco packing materials. Hanchen Group is the owner of two cigarette brands: 'Hakka' and 'Penang' which are mainly sold in Taiwan and Southeast Asia.
 No Magic Inc. is a software company producing the software modeling tool MagicDraw. No Magic operates worldwide; Software development facilities are located in the EU (Kaunas Lithuania) and Thailand (Bangkok). No Magic's corporate and sales headquarters are located in Allen Texas. In 2002 MagicDraw won the Java Developer's Journal award for Best Database Tool or Driver category.
 MADARA Cosmetics also known as MADARA is a Latvian manufacturer of organic skin care products. The ingredients include biologically certified blossoms and herbal extracts from the Baltic region. The brand name MADARA is the Latvian name for a common inhabitant of Baltic meadows - Galium mollugo commonly known as bedstraw or wild madder. Its spatial pattern or fractal is also depicted in logo of MADARA Cosmetics which received the EULDA/WOLDA award and the title Best of Latvia in 2007.
 Bulgarian Air Charter is a charter airline based in Sofia Bulgaria. It operates charter services for tour operators between the two Bulgarian Black Sea airports Burgas Airport and Varna Airport; and in winter season from Plovdiv Airport and Sofia Airport to European countries. Its main base is Sofia Airport.
 Advanced Integrated Manufacturing Corp. Ltd. (AIM Corp) is a Singapore-based Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS) provider. The company is listed on the SGX the Singapore stock exchange. The company is involved in aerospace life sciences telecommunications fiber optics and other information science manufacturing applications.
 Physio-Control Corporation was founded in 1955 by Dr. Karl William Edmark as a manufacturer and distributor of emergency Defibrillation and automated CPR equipment.
 Lürssen (or Lürssen Werft) is a German shipbuilding company based in Bremen-Vegesack.Lürssen designs and constructs yachts naval ships and special vessels.
 Van der Moolen was a Dutch equity trading firm with its headquarters located in Amsterdam. They were mainly active in the United States and in Europe particularly in the Netherlands France Germany Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
 The Mott MacDonald Group is an employee-owned multidisciplinary consultancy serving the public and private sectors world-wide. The group employs 16000 staff in 140 countries.
 Chicken Out Rotisserie is a Washington D.C. metropolitan area chain of fast food restaurants serving chicken and country-style foods. Their locations in Washington D.C. Maryland and Virginia offer organic chicken and other natural foods.[citation needed]
 Titanium Metals Corporation (formerly NYSE: TIE) founded in 1950 is a leading manufacturer of titanium-based metals products focusing primarily on the aerospace industry. In November 2012 it was announced the company was being purchased for $2.9 billion by Precision Castparts.Its major U.S. operations are based in Morgantown Pennsylvania Henderson Nevada Vallejo California and Toronto Ohio.
 AJEGROUP is a multinational company dedicated to the manufacture distribution and sale of alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages. The company was started by the Añaños Family in Ayacucho Peru and now is headquartered in Lima Peru. It is known for its flagship products Kola Real and Big Cola.
 Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company (WRECO) is a United States based home building and real-estate development company. WRECO was formed in 1969 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Weyerhaeuser Company and is based in Federal Way Washington.
 GlobalWebIndex is a market research firm founded by Tom Smith in 2009. [1] The Internet Advertising Bureau describes GlobalWebIndex as the World's most detailed syndicated research into online consumer behaviours covering 31 key global markets and 87% of the world's internet population [2].
 Universal Technical Institute Inc.
 Show Dog-Universal Music is an American independent record label specializing in country music artists. It was formed from the merger of Show Dog Nashville and Universal South Records in 2009. Show Dog Nashville was founded in 2005 by singer Toby Keith originally as a joint venture with former DreamWorks Records executive Scott Borchetta while Universal South was founded in 2001. The two labels merged in December 2009.
 The Santa Barbara Metropolitan Transit District (MTD) is a public transit agency providing bus service in the southern portion of Santa Barbara County California. It serves the cities of Santa Barbara Carpinteria and Goleta as well as the unincorporated areas of MontecitoSummerland and Isla Vista.Limited commuter service is provided to Ventura through the Coastal Express Limited
 Rayyan Air is a airline headquartered in Islamabad Pakistan. Further branch offices are located in Karachi China and Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates. The company has its airline licence issued by the Civil Aviation Authority of Pakistan allowing it to operate passenger cargo and executive charter flights.In addition to cargo charters Rayyan Air is operating a scheduled charter passenger services to China linking Kashgar with Islamabad since 14 August 2013.
 DW Green Company is a Tempe Arizona-based marketing and advertising agency founded by President/CEO DW Green in Anchorage Alaska in June 1988.In 1991 DW Green Company relocated to Tacoma Washington. The company has been headquartered in Tempe since 1997.
 Russian Helicopters is a helicopter design and manufacturing company headquartered in Moscow Russia. The company designs and manufactures civil and military helicopters. The company's principal shareholder is Oboronprom.
 Essar Oil (BSE: 500134 NSE: ESSAROIL) is an India-based company engaged in the exploration and production of oil and natural gas refining of crude oil and marketing of petroleum products. It is a part of the Essar Group based in Mumbai.
 The Aero-Flight Aircraft Corporation was founded by ex-Curtiss employee James Nagamatsu at Buffalo New York in 1946 to produce a two-seat light aircraft the Streak. However due to the post-war saturation of the light aircraft market the company was unable to generate any interest in the product and ceased business in 1953
 TE Connectivity Ltd. designs and manufactures components and products for a variety of industries including automotive data communication systems consumer electronics telecommunications aerospace defense and marine medical energy and lighting. The company serves customers in more than 150 countries.
 BettrLife is a private software development company based in Urbandale Iowa that provides a mhealth wellness solution by the same name.
 Dasient was an internet security company headquartered in Sunnyvale California. It was founded in 2008 and launched its first product in June 2009.Dasient was acquired by Twitter in January 2012.
 Shaanxi Coal and Chemical Industry Group Co. Ltd. (former name: Shaanxi Coal Industry Group) is a coal company based in Xi'an China. As of 2011 it was the third largest coal company in China.
 Cleveland CycleWerks is a privately held motorcycle manufacturer that designs and assembles small displacement retro style café racers and bobbers at its headquarters in Cleveland Ohio relying on offshore manufacturing in China by CPI Motor Company of Taiwan for most components including frames and the Honda-derived engine used on all models.The company was founded by Scott Colosimo Jarrod Streng and Curtis Ray in 2009 who sought partner factories in China after being turned away by US parts suppliers and government seed money sources. 
 EuroGeneral an Irish chain of discount variety stores that sells items for €2. The chain first opened in 2001.
 Cuba Travel Services is a tour and charter operator based in Cypress California servicing Cuba from the United States. In 1999 Cuba Travel Services operated the first non-stop flight between Los Angeles (LAX) and Havana Cuba in more than 40 years. Cuba Travel Services also opened the Miami to Cienfuegos route in 2001. They also opened offices in Tampa Fl and Las Vegas Nevada.
 Callaway Cars Inc. is an engine design company that is known for its modification of Chevrolet cars the Corvette sport cars in particular especially their twin-turbo kit that became a dealer option and their record breaking Corvette Sledgehammer car.
 Alfred Dunhill Ltd. is a British luxury goods brand specialising in ready-to-wear custom and bespoke menswear leather goods and accessories. The company is based in London where it also owns and operates a leather workshop. The company is currently owned by Richemont.
 Prolexic Technologies is a U.S.-based provider of cloud-based security solutions for protecting web sites data centers and enterprise IP applications from Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks at the network transport and application layers. Prolexic operates a cloud-based DDoS mitigation platform and a global network of traffic scrubbing centers. Real-time monitoring and mitigation services are provided from a 24/7 Security Operations Center (SOC).
 Scottish Widows plc is a life pensions and investment company located in Edinburgh Scotland and is a subsidiary of Lloyds Banking Group. Its product range includes life assurance pensions investments and savings. The company has been providing financial services to the UK market since 1815 and is the most trusted life pensions and investment provider in the UK according to a 2010 Ipsos study.
 Cable & Wireless Worldwide PLC (informally Cable & Wireless) was a British multinational telecommunications services company headquartered in Bracknell United Kingdom. It was formed in 2010 by the split of Cable & Wireless plc into two companies the other being Cable & Wireless Communications.Cable & Wireless Worldwide specialised in servicing large corporates governments carriers and resellers and its services included managed voice data and IP based services.
 Hilton Grand Vacations Company LLC a subsidiary of Hilton Worldwide is based in Orlando Florida. In addition there are regional offices in Las Vegas Nevada Oahu Hawaii New York New York Marco Island Florida and Sanibel Island Florida. In February 2008 Mark Wang was named President of Hilton Grand Vacations.Hilton Grand Vacations Company LLC develops manages markets and operates a system of brand-name vacation club ownership resorts.
 Alpek is the largest petrochemical group in Mexico and one of the largest in Latin America. The company operates two business groups: Polyester Chain Products (PTA PET and polyester fibers) and Specialty Chemicals and Plastics (Expandable Polystyrene (EPS) Polypropylene Polyurethane Caprolactam and other industrial chemicals ).The company has 20 plants in three countries. Alpek is the leading producer of PTA and polyester fibers in the Americas and the second in PET.
 NEPC Airlines was a private airline headquartered in Chennai that operated from 1993 to 1997. It was promoted by the Chennai based NEPC group owned by the Khemkas. The airline operated a fleet of nine Fokker F-27 planes and five Boeing 737-200s.
 TimeTac is an online piece of time tracking and project management software operating under the principles of cloud computing. It is offered as a software as a service and is available on a subscription basis.
 Nex Aviation was a charter airline based in Galway Ireland which began operations on 1 July 2007 using two former Flightline BAe 146-200. The airline mainly flew from Waterford and Galway on behalf of the Irish regional operator Aer Arann during the Summer months.
 Iđut AS is a Norwegian publisher based in Ikkaldas Indre Billefjord in Porsanger. It publishes novels children's books text books and school books general literature music and films. It also has a magazine Š for youth (edited by Máret Ánne Sara). The main language of the publisher is Northern Sami but it also publishes in Lule Sami Southern Sami Kven and Norwegian. The head of the organisation as of 2006 is Åge Persen. Chief editor is Nan Persen.
 Kronos Incorporated is a U.S.-based multi-national workforce management software and services company headquartered in Chelmsford Massachusetts United States and employing 3200 people.
 GameLabs is a company founded in 2008 in Germany by six people. GameLabs moved its base of operations to Malaysia in 2010 with the aim of expanding into South East Asia.The company develops browser-based games the first being Quests of Gallendor which hit 1 million users on July 2009.
 Brand.com (formerly Reputation Changer Inc) is an American online reputation and brand management company. The company was founded in 2009 and is based in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.
 Warner Home Video is the home video distribution division of Warner Bros. Home Entertainment Group itself part of Time Warner. It was founded in 1978 as WCI Home Video (for Warner Communications Inc.). The company launched in the United States with twenty films on Betamax and VHS videocassettes in late 1979. The company later expanded its line to include additional titles throughout 1979 and 1980.
 TRIC Tools Inc. headquartered in Alameda California is an infrastructure and environmental technology company that designs produces and sells proprietary tools and systems for the non-invasive rehabilitation and replacement of sewer water gas and other difficult to access underground pipes. TRIC's lightweight and portable trenchless system replaces pipe with minimal or in some instances complete avoidance of disruption to business activities.
 Damiani S.p.A or Damiani Group is an Italian luxury jewelry corporate group that designs manufactures distributes and sells jewelry and luxury watches. Damiani was the first company to introduce Certificates of Authenticity for jewelry pieces showing the details included in the jewelry for example the number of carats.
 NC Bank Uganda (NCBU) whose complete name is NC Bank Uganda Limited is a commercial bank in Uganda. It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Uganda the national banking regulator.
 Tom's Snacks Co. is an American snack food company founded in Columbus Georgia. It is a subsidiary of Lance Inc.
 Scotch and Soda (usually stylised SCOTCH & SODA or simply Scotch & Soda) is a Dutch youth fashion company founded in the 1980s and then rebranded and relaunched in 2001. Scotch and Soda primarily manufacture men's clothing but also manufacture women's clothing under the brand Maison Scotch boys' clothing under Scotch Shrunk girls' clothing under Scotch R'Belle and denim and urban products under Amsterdams Blauw and a line of fragrances named Barfly.
 Delaware Investments is a US-based asset management firm with more than $180 billion in assets under management as of Sept. 30 2013 It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Australia's Macquarie Group
 For the Chinese aircraft manufacturer also known as NAMC see China Nanchang Aircraft Manufacturing Corporation.The Nihon Aircraft Manufacturing Corporation (日本航空機製造 Nihon Kōkūki Seizō) or NAMC was the manufacturer of Japan's only successful civilian airliner the YS-11.
 SurveyMonkey is a web survey development cloud based (SaaS) company founded in 1999 by Ryan Finley.
 The American Association of Individual Investors is a nonprofit organization with about 150000 members whose purpose is to educate individual investors regarding stock market portolios financial planning and retirement accounts.
 Rephlex Records is a record label started in 1991 by electronic musician Richard D. James (aka Aphex Twin) and Grant Wilson-Claridge. Rephlex coined the term braindance to describe the otherwise uncategorisable output of Aphex Twin and Rephlex Records.
 CoSwitched is a privately held company based in Lisbon Portugal. Coswitched is an Internet of Things Mobile Virtual Network Operator with support for voice messaging and data services to facilitate Machine-2-Machine (M2M) communications.The company was founded in January 2014 and launched its service in March 2014. The company has also a local presence in the UK and France.The company operates a Europe-wide connectivity service for machines.
 Rolladen-Schneider was a major glider manufacturer. It originally made rolling doors and shutters and was run by Willi and Walter Schneider based in Egelsbach near Frankfurt Germany. Walter was a keen glider pilot and recruited a sailplane designer Wolf Lemke. The company built its first glider in 1967.
 Unicab Transport Incorporated (UTI) is a city operation bus transportation company in the Philippines. it operates services for Ordinary Fare and mainly services routes to Bulacan and Quezon City. it was formed in 1995. Unicab Transport is located in Quezon City.
 The Dalton Winery (Hebrew: יקב דלתון‎) was founded in 1995 by members of the Haruni family who moved to Israel from England. The chief winemaker is Na'ama Sorkin who has been with Dalton since 2002. The winery releases wines under several labels and beginning with the 2006 vintage the winery released wines under the Matatia label destined to become the company's flagship brand with wines released only in select vintage years as judged by the winemakers.
 Phase Linear was an audio equipment manufacturer founded by Bob Carver and Steve Johnston in 1970. While primarily known as a power amplifier company it also produced several innovative preamplifiers tuners and the Andromeda loudspeaker.[citation needed]
 Hathway Cable & Datacom Ltd (NSE: HATHWAY BSE: 533162) is a major cable television service operator in India that is based in Mumbai. It has large operations in many cities including Hyderabad Mumbai Pune Bangalore and Indore . It has diversified into providing internet via cable and was one of the first to do so in Chennai in the year 1999-2000. In India it was the first company to provide internet using the CATV network.
 Foster Grant or FosterGrant is a brand of eyewear founded by Sam Foster in 1929. The FosterGrant brand is a subsidiary company of FGX International a consumer goods wholesaler with headquarters in Smithfield Rhode Island USA which has been owned by Essilor since 2010.Foster Grant's original production line was ladies' hair accessories; over the company's lifetime they also produced other plastic materials including heart-lung pumps.
 Retail Food Group (Australia) Limited often abbreviated to RFGA or RFG (ASX: RFG) is the franchiser and owner of the Donut King Brumby's Bakeries bb's Cafe Michel's Patisserie Pizza Capers Crust and Big Dads Pies brands based in Southport Queensland. Established in 1989 Retail Food Group Limited was incorporated in 2003 to act as the ultimate holding company of the fast growing RFG group of entities.
 Park City Group Inc. (NASDAQ:PCYG) was established in 2002 and now is headquartered in Salt Lake City Utah. The company focuses on software-as-a-service (SaaS) for the suppliers and retailers in the whole supply chain reducing out-of-stocks optimizing inventory and improving profits and operational efficiencies. In the year of 2009 the company acquired Prescient Applied Intelligence to form The New Park City Group.
 Immudex is a small biotechnology company based in Copenhagen Denmark and has been operating independently since October 2009. It specializes in the production of dextramers chemical reagents that are designed to detect antigen-specific T-cells. While the technology is currently sold for exclusive use in research settings clinical applications are being actively pursued with cytomegalovirus monitoring kits in development.
 Azov Avia Airlines was a cargo airline based in Melitopol Ukraine offering chartered flights using two Ilyushin Il-76MD aircraft. The airline was established and started operations in 1996 and ceased to exist in 2004.
 Marvel Television (Marvel TV) is a division of Marvel Studios a subsidiary of Marvel Entertainment in The Walt Disney Company conglomerate. The division is responsible for live-action and animated (through Marvel Animation) television shows and direct-to-DVD series. The division is based at affiliate ABC Studios' location.
 Whataburger is a privately held American regional fast food restaurant chain that specializes in hamburgers. The company founded by Harmon Dobson and Paul Burton opened its first restaurant in Corpus Christi Texas in 1950. The chain is owned and operated by the Dobson family along with twenty-five franchisers.
 Allstate NI is a company based in Belfast Derry and Strabane in Northern Ireland. The company was previously known as Northbrook Technology. As of May 7 2008 Northbrook Technology was renamed to Allstate Northern Ireland.Allstate NI specialises in delivering technology and business services to its parent company Allstate. The company currently employs around 1500 workers with plans to develop further.
 The National Film Development Corporation Malaysia (FINAS) (Malay: Perbadanan Kemajuan Filem Nasional) is the central government agency for the film industry of Malaysia. FINAS is similar to the Motion Picture Association of America in the United States.
 Halifax Joint Committee is an independent bus company operating in and around Halifax West Yorkshire England.Its buses are painted in the livery of the former County Borough of Halifax whose buses and services were taken over by the West Yorkshire Passenger Transport Executive in April 1974.The company started of running a heritage bus service from Halifax along the Calder Valley to Hebden Bridge using AEC Regent III BCP 671.The company expanded to running commercial bus services using 4 Park Royal AEC Routemasters. 
 Brondi is a telecommunications company established in Italy by Lorenzo Brondi in 1935 to produce telephones in the postwar years.
 Plush Home Inc. is an American high-end purveyor of its self-named fine home furnishings line as well as an interior design firm founded in 2003 by interior designer and furniture designer Nina Petronzio and her husband martial art expert Steven Ho.The company generates revenue from their retail store and e-commerce site selling a line of customizable Transitional furniture that is environmentally hand-crafted in Los Angeles as well as lighting bedding accessories and fine art.
 Epicentric Inc. was an enterprise software company and a provider of enterprise portal solutions for Global 2000 companies. Made popular by custom portal sites like My Yahoo! enterprise portals enabled businesses (primarily enterprise companies) to deliver integrated Web services to their customers (Internet) partners (Extranet) and employees (Intranet).
 Integrated Technology Group (ITG) is a Jordanian company specialising in educational solutions. It was founded in 1989 by president and CEO Walid Tahabsem.ITG has started other branches in Saudi Arabia United States of America and Africa. The company has two sub-divisions JAID and TriAx that were established in 1994 and 1996 respectively.
 Koçbank was a Turkish bank. It was merged into Yapı ve Kredi Bankası in 2006. At the time Koçbank was owned by Koç Finansal Hizmetler (KFH; Koç Financial Services KFS) an equal partnership between Koç Holding and Italian banking giant Unicredit.In 2003 Koçbank had 143 branches including branches in Azerbaijan the Netherlands and Bahrain.
 Crown Lynn was a New Zealand ceramics manufacturer.
 Cerruti 1881 is a brand of the fashion house Cerruti founded in 1967 in Paris by the Italian stylist and fashion producer Nino Cerruti.The Cerruti house designs manufactures distributes and retails luxury ready-to-wear jeans fragrances sportswear leather goods watches and accessories.
 Rane (Madras) Ltd is a part of the Rane Group of Companies involved in the manufacture and distribution of steering and suspension systems. The main components manufactured by the company include Manual Steering Gear Products (SGP) and Suspension & Steering Linkage Products (SSLP). The other products include tie rod assemblies drag link assemblies center link assemblies and gear shift ball joints.
 Aibel /ˈeɪbəl/ is one of the largest oil service companies in Norway and is also established within renewable energy. The company has around 5500 employees and operations in five countries including two fabrication yards. Aibel is an engineering company that plans builds upgrades and maintains platforms vessels and production facilities in the oil and gas industry.
 Atlanta-based Innovolt offers electronics power protection and management that extends the lifespan of equipment by safekeeping it from common power disturbances that damage electronics.
 Brand Union is a global brand and creative design consultancy agency composed of about 500 people across 24 offices. Brand Union is a wholly owned subsidiary of the WPP Group – one of the world’s largest communications companies.
 The Midland Community Center (MCC) is a nearly 200000 sq ft (19000 m2) complex on three levels in the heart of Midland Michigan that provides comprehensive social recreational and personal development opportunities for all residents. The programs of the non-profit organization are professionally designed and supervised.
 Brighton & Hove operates most bus services in the city of Brighton and Hove in southern England. It is a subsidiary of the Go-Ahead Group.
 Farrer & Co is a British independent law firm serving private individuals charitable institutions and corporations. They have over their more than three hundred years of operation acted for many of the Kings and Queens of England and later Great Britain and the United Kingdom including Queen Elizabeth II as well as many leading public figures.
 The Illinois Newspaper Project (INP) began as part of the United States Newspaper Program (USNP) a cooperative effort between the states and the federal government designed to catalog and preserve on microfilm the nation's historic newspaper heritage.
 Linguascope is a publisher of educational resources for Modern Foreign Language (MFL) teachers and learners of French German Spanish Italian and English based in Shoreditch London. Primarily marketed at schools its key products include interactive resources for whiteboard teaching and a range of iOS apps for language learners.
 Super Micro Computer Inc. or Supermicro (NASDAQ: SMCI) designs develops manufactures and sells servers based on the x86 architecture. The company's offerings include rackmount tower and blade server systems high-end workstations storage server systems motherboards chassis and server components branded under the Server Building Block Solutions product line.Supermicro was founded in 1993 by engineer and current CEO Charles Liang.
 Switzerland based MKS (Switzerland) SA is a trader of precious metals. Based in Geneva the group employs approximately 650 workers and turns over an estimated US$70 million.MKS is a member of the London Bullion Market Association (LBMA) and its subsidiary PAMP has been on the LBMA’s Gold List widely recognised in the financial services industry as the indicator of quality since 1987.
 For other record labels named Impact Records see Impact Records (disambiguation)Impact Records is an American record label once a subsidiary of MCA Records. Today its back catalog remains part of Universal Music Group.Acts on the label are and/or have included: Jock Mitchell Sass Jordan The Fixx Rythm Syndicate and Joey Lawrence.
 Not to be confused with Sparton Records.John T. Frazier previous director of marketing at Tooth and Nail records founded the Spartan Records record label in January 2007 in Seattle Washington. It is home to several musical groups including Over the Ocean Ourlives Shy Low and several others.
 Genesis Capital is an independent investment banking firm restricted to working with public and private companies family owned businesses and institutional investors to achieve their strategic initiatives. Genesis Capital has expertise in mergers and acquisitions and divestitures leveraged buyouts going private transactions recapitalization capital raises restructuring and bankruptcy related work.
 GameShark is the brand name of a line of video game cheat cartridges and other products for a variety of console video game systems and Windows based computers. Currently the brand name is owned by Mad Catz who actively markets GameShark products for the Sony PlayStation Xbox and Nintendo game consoles. Players load cheat codes from Gameshark disks or cartridges onto the console's internal or external memory then the game is loaded and the selected cheats are applied.
 Nippon Meat Packers Inc. (日本ハム株式会社 Nippon Hamu Kabushiki-gaisha) is a food processing conglomerate headquartered in Hommachi Chūō-ku Osaka Japan. Founded in 1949 the company is commonly known as Nippon Ham. As a multinational corporation Nippon Ham operates subsidiaries around the world including China and the United States.
 The Channel Company is an American provider of IT channel-focused events media research consulting and sales and marketing services.
 iProperty Group is an ASX-listed company that owns leading online property portal websites in Asia. The company operates sites under the iProperty.com brand name in Malaysia Singapore India and the Philippines as well as GoHome.com.hk in Hong Kong vproperty.mo in Macau and rumah123.com in Indonesia.
 CAS Corporation is a Korean manufacturer of electronic weghing equipment founded on April 19 1983 by its current Chief Executive Manager Dong-Jin Kim.CAS Corp. has been continuously developing over the years and by year 2006 its equipment was exported to over 120 countries all over the world. By 2011 the company had representatives in Germany USA Canada Poland Vietnam Bangladesh India China Japan Russia Turkey Great Britain and other countries.
 International Speakers Bureau is a Dallas Texas-based speakers bureau specializing in motivational speakers corporate entertainment and corporate training.
 See's Candies is a manufacturer and distributor of candy particularly chocolates in the United States. It was founded by Charles See his wife Florence and his mother Mary in Los Angeles California in 1921. The company is now headquartered in South San Francisco California. See's kitchens are at its headquarters and at a second location in Los Angeles where there are also retail shops.
 The Korean Publishers Association has a membership of 620 publishers in Korea and is the main voice of the nation's publishing industry and organizes the Seoul International Book Fair as well as Korean collective stands in the various international book fairs including the 2014 London Book Fair. It also publishes the Korean Publishing Journal and Korean Publication Yearbook.
 Bonsound is a Montreal-based company that manages books and promotes music. Bonsound also houses three records labels: Bonsound Records Blow The Fuse Records and Proxenett.
 Sam the Record Man was a Canadian record store chain that at one time was Canada's largest music recording retailer. In 1982 its ads proclaimed that it had 140 locations coast to coast.The Internet age competition with the HMV chain and other factors forced Sam the Record Man into bankruptcy on October 30 2001 although its flagship location remained in business until June 30 2007. One independent franchise store in Belleville Ontario continues to bear the Sam the Record Man name.
 Grand Cru is a game company focused on developing mobile and social games. Their aim is to revolutionize the social gaming genre. As of July 29 2013 Grand Cru has been awarded more than $16 million in investment capital including a Series A $11 million investment from idinvest Qualcomm and Nokia Growth Partners.
 The PowerColor brand was established in 1997 by the TUL corporation based in New Taipei Taiwan. PowerColor maintains office locations in a number of countries including Taiwan the Netherlands and the United States. The United States branch is located in City of Industry California and serves the North and Latin American markets.
 SplendidCRM produces open source Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software developed in C# for the ASP.NET framework. The product is available in two editions - Open Source and Professional - the main difference between the two products is the inclusion of stored procedures and source code for a MS Outlook 2003/2007 plug-in in the Professional edition.
 Andrew Barclay Sons & Co. are a builder of steam and later fireless and diesel locomotives. The company's history dates to foundation of an engineering workshop in 1840 in Kilmarnock Scotland.After a long period of operation the company was acquired by the Hunslet group in 1972 and renamed Hunslet-Barclay; in 2007 the company changed hands after bankruptcy becoming Brush-Barclay as part of the FKI Group.
 Accessible Home Health Care is a personal health care provider specializing in medical and non-medical services to all age groups from newborns to seniors. Headquartered in Coral Springs Florida they currently have 85+ units independently owned and operated.
 Mitsubishi Materials Corporation (三菱マテリアル株式会社 Mitsubishi Materiaru Kabushiki Kaisha) or MMC is a Japanese company. It is one of the core companies of Mitsubishi Group. It is listed on the Nikkei 225.
 Hakatak International is an American independent record label founded by Paul Robb. It is specialized in electronic music acts.
 Au Go Go Records is the name of a Melbourne Australia based independent record label.It was founded by Bruce Milne and Philip Morland from a house in Brunswick Street Fitzroy in 1979 and is now operated by Greta Moon.The label started releasing bands on the Melbourne punk and New Wave scene. Its first release was in 1979 with the EP Overnight by Two Way Garden.
 McCain Foods Limited is a privately owned company that was established in 1957 in Florenceville New Brunswick Canada. It is the world's largest producer of French fries and other oven-ready frozen food products.
 Produce Buying Company is a Ghanaian cocoa bean company.They are listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange the GSE All-Share Index. It formed on November 13 1981.
 Xceedium Inc. is a network security software company that provides privileged identity and access management solutions.
 Bushy's Brewery is a local brewery in Douglas in Man which was founded by brother and sister Martin and Nicky Brunnschwieler in 1986.In October 1984 they took over Zhivago's Bar in Victoria St Douglas and two years later started a microbrewery in the cellar and made their own brand Old Bushy Tail a red-brown beer with a strong malt flavour with an after-taste of hops and caramel. The location was named Bushy's Brewpub.
 Siemens PLM Software (formerly UGS) is a computer software company specializing in 3D & 2D Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) software. The company is a business unit of Siemens Industry Automation division and is headquartered in Plano Texas.
 Netflix Inc. is an American provider of on-demand Internet streaming media available to viewers in North and South America the Caribbean and parts of Europe (Denmark Finland Ireland the Netherlands Norway Sweden and the United Kingdom) and of flat rate DVD-by-mail in the United States where mailed DVDs are sent via Permit Reply Mail. The company was established in 1997 and is headquartered in Los Gatos California.
 Van Air Europe is a Czech charter airline based in Brno Czech Republic. The airline operates flights on behalf of Citywing using their fleet of four Let L-410 Turbolet aircraft.
 Pet Food Express is a Northern California chain of retail stores that offers pet food with a focus on premium brands holistic and organic pet food as well as other pet supplies and self-service dog washing facilities. Pet Food Express President and co-owner Michael Levy started a dog training business in 1976 and opened his first San Francisco location in 1980 selling some food and supplies.
 Joe Public Films is an independent video and filmmaking distributor which promotes human rights-related documentary films.
 J W Miller & Sons Ltd was a boatbuilder in St Monans Fife Scotland for over 200 years. They produced a variety of fishing boats yachts and motor launches. The firm built 110 Fifie yachts and was known worldwide for the quality and craftsmanship of their vessels. The yard is now closed.
 Landmark Partners founded in 1989 is a leading investor in the Private equity secondary market (also known as secondaries). It is based in Simsbury Connecticut.The firm was founded by Stanley Alfeld.
 Foodler is an online food ordering service that connects consumers with a wide variety of restaurants for immediate delivery. The company’s website www.foodler.com ranks restaurants according to consumer feedback with recommendations based on order history user ratings discounts and free delivery. Users can rank specific dishes. Foodler also remembers users’ favorite foods addresses payment and tip preferences to speed up the ordering process.
 PicNet Pty Ltd is a provider of IT services. The company is based on the lower North Shore of Sydney in the suburb of St Leonards. The name 'PicNet' is an acronym for the term 'People Information and Collaboration Network'.
 General Dynamics Corporation is an American aerospace and defense company formed by mergers and divestitures. It is the world's fifth-largest defense contractor based on 2012 revenues. General Dynamics is headquartered in West Falls Church Fairfax County Virginia.The company has changed markedly in the post-Cold War era of defense consolidation. It has four main business segments: Marine Systems; Combat Systems; Information Systems and Technology; and Aerospace.
 Ambassador Airways was a British airline operational between 1992 and 1994.
 Kandi Technologies Group Inc. trading as Kandi is an automotive manufacturing company based in Jinhua China. Its principal activity is the design development production and sale of electric vehicles all-terrain vehicles and go-karts.Kandi is listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange with ticker KNDI.
 Bell Media (Bell Média in French) is the mass media subsidiary of BCE (also known as Bell Canada Enterprises the parent company of Bell Canada).
 Iseki & Co. Ltd. (井関農機株式会社 Iseki Nōki Kabushiki-Gaisha) (TYO: 6310) based in Tokyo Japan manufactures a variety of machinery components and engines.It was founded in 1926 as Iseki Farm Implement Trading Co. (井関農具商会 Iseki Nōgu Shōkai) in Matsuyama Ehime Japan. It was incorporated in 1936 as Iseki & Co.Iseki began building tractors in 1961. Its tractors have been sold worldwide under various brands: AGCO Bolens Challenger Massey Ferguson and White.
 Philips Lumileds Lighting Company is the manufacturer of a wide range of high-power/high-efficiency light-emitting diodes (LEDs). It is now a fully owned division of Philips Lighting.Philips Lumileds focuses on one goal: Creating the world’s highest performing LEDs. The company pioneered the use of solid-state lighting in breakthrough products such as the first LED backlit TV the first LED flash in camera phones and the first LED daytime running lights for cars.
 West Coast Video was a chain of video rental stores founded in 1983. The company became defunct in 2009 but existing stores could continue to use the West Coast Video banner and run independently. Many locations have since closed but a few remain open today.
 Norrmejerier is a Swedish dairy company. Norrmejerier was formed in 1971 when the Västerbottens Södra Mejeriförening Skellefteortens mejeriförening and Lappmarkens mejeriförening were combined. Norrbottens läns producentförening was incorporated in 1992. Norrmejerier is the sole producer of Västerbotten cheese.
 Australian Pharmaceutical Industries (API) is a health and beauty company in Australia that is involved in pharmaceutical distribution retailing and manufacturing. API is Australia's largest wholesale distributor of pharmaceutical and allied products. The company is involved in retailing through company-owned stores and franchise operations.
 Silicon Knights was a Canadian video game developer. Founded in 1992 by Denis Dyack the company was headquartered in St. Catharines Ontario. In 2012 following the devastating loss of a court case against Epic Games Dyack left Silicon Knights to form a new game studio Precursor Games.
 Guaranteed Rate Inc. is a U.S. residential mortgage company headquartered in Chicago Illinois. Guaranteed Rate was founded in 2000 by Victor Ciardelli and employs approximately 2650. The company has approximately 175 offices nationwide and has licenses in 50 states.In 2013 Guaranteed Rate funded more than $15.9 billion in residential home loans an increase of $1.2 billion over 2012. Customer surveys have consistently shown a 97 percent satisfaction score for the company.
 The Clermont Transportation Connection provides a public transportation option in Clermont County Ohio. It features four routes two of which are express services from suburban areas to Downtown Cincinnati one of which is a suburban local route and one of which is a connector between the expanding suburbs and the rural eastern portion of the county. Several Southwest Ohio Regional Transit Authority routes also operate within the county.
 Box Television (formerly Video Jukebox Network International Limited) is a British television company which is owned by Bauer Group (50%) and Channel Four Television Corporation (50%) and acts as its music television programme production arm.
 Leaders in India Business Forum is a part of the ‘Leaders’ series of business leadership events that are held in London Dubai and Abu Dhabi.Leaders in India Business Forum held annually in Mumbai is the Indian chapter of the ‘Leaders’ series and attracts hundreds of senior executives and organisational heads from all industries.
 Founded in 2005 Jaymie Scotto & Associates (JSA) is a full service public relations and marketing company serving the technology telecommunications and Internet hosting services industries. JSA clients include local and global carriers service providers dark fiber providers colocation houses Internet and data exchanges hosting companies event organizers associations and Non-profit organizations that cater to the telecommunications industry.
 Berline (short form of Berlin-Brandenburgisches Luftfahrtunternehmen GmbH) was a German airline that operated chartered cargo and holiday flights out of its base at Berlin Schönefeld Airport. It had approximately 90 employees.
 Duckhorn Vineyards is a boutique winery in St. Helena California specializing in premium Merlot wines.
 Standard Chartered Nepal (officially Standard Chartered Bank Nepal Limited; Nepali: स्ट्याण्डर्ड चार्टर्ड बैंक नेपाल लिमिटेड) is a banking and financial services company in Nepal and a wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered. It was established on 30 January 1987.
 Dogfish Pictures is an American film production finance and strategy company founded by James Belfer. Dogfish was formed in 2009 and specializes in independent films.
 Established in 1879 in Chicago Bankers Life and Casualty Company focuses on the insurance needs of the retirement market. Bankers Life and Casualty Company a subsidiary of CNO Financial Group Inc.
 Mosenergo (also known as TGK-3;) is the largest Russian power generating company operating on fossil fuel and the largest thermal generation company in the world.[citation needed] In addition to electric power it also generates and sells heat for consumers in Moscow and the Moscow Oblast. The company was founded in 1887 in Moscow.The power plants of Mosenergo have installed electricity capacity of 11100 MW and thermal capacity of 39900 MW.
 Fyffes plc (/faɪfs/ fyfs) an Irish fruit and fresh produce company headquartered in Dublin Ireland is the oldest fruit brand in the world. It is most closely associated with the banana although the brand is applied to a wide range of fruits including the Fyffes Gold Pineapples and Fyffes melons. Fyffes is primarily involved in the production procurement shipping ripening distribution and marketing of bananas pineapples and melons.
 Flugwissenschaftliche Vereinigung Aachen (abbreviation: FVA English: Flight Research Association Aachen) is a non-profit organization founded in 1920 which is closely associated to RWTH Aachen University (Rheinisch-Westfälische Technische Hochschule – Aachen) with members consisting of RWTH Aachen students which have included Felix Kracht.
 International Computers and Tabulators or ICT was formed in 1959 by a merger of the British Tabulating Machine Company (BTM) and Powers-Samas. In 1963 it also added the business computer divisions of Ferranti. It exported computers to many countries around the world and went on to become part of International Computers Limited (ICL).
 Nei til EU (English: No to the EU) is the main Norwegian interest group opposing a future Norwegian accession to the European Union (EU). It began informally in 1988 and became a full organization in 1990.The organization No to the EU is a non-governmental organization. Simultaneously the organization functions as an arena a resource centre and as a coordinator for all organizations and political parties opposing Norwegian EU-membership.
 Frontline Ltd. is the world's largest oil tanker shipping company based in Hamilton Bermuda and controlled by John Fredriksen. Its primary business is transporting crude oil. As of 2008 the company had one of the world's largest tanker fleets consisting of VLCC Suezmax and Suezmax OBO carriers (82 tankers in total with 18 more on order).
 MKG Group is a European based company headquartered in Paris France.
 Beulah London is a luxury fashion founded in 2011 by English aristocrat Lady Natasha Rufus Isaacs and fashion designer Lavinia Brennan.
 Ticker Tape Ltd. is a record distribution vanity label set up in 2011 by the English alternative rock band Radiohead to distribute all of their releases from The King of Limbs onwards. Ticker Tape is a subsidiary of XL Recordings the label Radiohead are signed to.Radiohead are the only artists who will have music released on Ticker Tape.
 Stussy or Stüssy /ˈstuːsi/ is a clothing brand and private company started in the early 1980s by Shawn Stussy. The company is one of many that benefited from the surfwear trend originating in Orange County California but it has largely been adopted by the streetwear and hip-hop scenes.
 Nerds To The Rescue INC is a franchisor of IT Consultancies worldwide. The company goes by the trademark of Nerds We Can Fix That! and allows the franchisee to operate an IT Consultancy business providing Residential and Commercial IT Services to customers.
 State Bank of Mauritius (SBM) is a bank in Mauritius. It is licensed as a commercial bank by the Bank of Mauritius the national banking regulator.
 Kumho Tire Co. Inc. LSE: KHTC formerly known as Samyang Tire is a South Korean tire company. Headquartered in Gwangju South Korea it is a subsidiary of the Kumho Asiana Group along with Asiana Airlines South Korea's second largest airline.
 Global Trance Network is the German parent label of several smaller labels including d.Drum Liquid Audio Soundz Sector and Velvet Inc.It is a sublabel of Nova Tekk Records.Some of the best-known psychedelic trance artists has releases on GTN including X-Dream and Koxbox.Also a trance radio show Global Trance with Brett James and DJ Contagious.
 Hexaware Technologies Limited (HTL) (BSE: 532129 NSE: HEXT) is an information technology and business process outsourcing service provider company based in Navi Mumbai India. Founded in 1990. The company's core activity spans development support integration implementation and testing services across all major enterprise software systems such as PeopleSoft Workday Oracle SAP and Microsoft.
 Pxmart Co. Ltd. (T: 全聯實業股份有限公司 S: 全联实业股份有限公司 P: Quánlián Shíyè Gǔfènyǒuxiàngōngsī) operating as Pxmart (T:全聯社 S: 全聯社 P: Quánlián Shè) is a supermarket chain in Taiwan. It is often known as Chuan Lian center (T: 全聯福利中心 S: 全联福利中心 P: Quánlián Fúlì Zhōngxīn). The corporate headquarters is in Zhongzheng District Taipei. As of 2011 the chaiperson is Lin Ming-hsiung (林敏雄 Lín Mǐnxióng). As of 2008 Pxmart is Taiwan's largest hard discounter chain.
 Československá obchodní banka a.s. (ČSOB) is a commercial bank which operates in Czech Republic. It is one of the largest bank domiciled in the Czech Republic. As a universal bank it offers a full range of banking services to individuals and companies. Out of its 280 branches bank also operates at 3300 branches of Česká pošta (Czech postal company) under brand Poštovní spořitelna.Belgian KBC Bank is sole owner of the bank.
 Al Yah Satellite Communications AlYahsat is a satellite communications company wholly owned subsidiary of Mubadala Development Company the Abu Dhabi Government's strategic investment company. The company offers voice data video and internet services for broadcast Internet and VSAT users for both private and government organisations.
 Luxottica Group S.p.A. is the world's largest eyewear company controlling over 80% of the world's major eyewear brands. Its best known brands are Ray-Ban Persol and Oakley. It also makes sunglasses and prescription frames for a multitude of designer brands such as Chanel and Prada whose designs and trademarks are used under license. Luxottica also makes sunglasses branded Giorgio Armani Burberry Stella McCartney Versace Vogue Miu Miu Tory Burch and Donna Karan.
 Diamond Select Toys was founded in 1999 by sister company Diamond Comics Distributors to create collectibles for children and adults and has since licensed a variety of pop culture properties including Marvel Comics Star Wars Star Trek Transformers Ghostbusters Halo G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero Buffy the Vampire Slayer Indiana Jones Battlestar Galactica 24 and Back to the Future.
 Black Isle Brewery Ltd. is a brewery on the Black Isle in the Highland region of Scotland near the village of Munlochy. The brewery makes a variety of beers including Yellowhammer Red Kite Ale Porter and Scotch Ale along with a wheat beer and a blonde ale; all of their beers are organic and suitable for vegetarians as they do not use isinglass in the brewing process.
 Soheil Mosun Limited (SML) is a Custom Architectural Fabrication/Manufacturing and Design/Build company headquartered in Toronto Ontario Canada.Founded in 1973 by Soheil and Brigitta Mosun SML was established as a privately owned corporation. SML started as an architectural model-building firm and has since progressed to a complete design build company capable of servicing any fabrication or architectural manufacturing project.
 Arpin Group Inc. is a holding company that is headquartered in the State of Rhode Island. It is a leader in the household goods moving industry. They provide corporate government military and private (C.O.D.) moving services as well as specialized transportation services. They were named Moving Supplier of the Year for 2006 by Paragon Global Resources Inc and also the 2007 BP Vendor of the Year by their suppliers.
 Established in 1891 OhioHealth is a not-for-profit faith-based system of hospitals and healthcare providers located in Columbus Ohio and surrounding areas. As of 2012 the organization has 21000 physicians associates and volunteers and more than $2 billion in net revenue. The system consists of 17 hospitals 20 health and surgery centers home-health providers medical equipment and health service suppliers throughout a 40-county area.
 Greeves Motorcycles Ltd is a British motorcycle manufacturer producing motorcycles mainly for the trials and off-road market. Owner Richard Deal bought the rights to the Greeves name in May 1999. The original company had been producing motorcycles since 1952 funded by a contract with the Ministry of Pensions for their Invacar a three-wheeler for disabled drivers.
 Lighthouse is an arts centre in Poole Dorset England. According to the Arts council of England it is the largest arts centre in the United Kingdom outside London.It has a 669 seat theatre a 1500 seat concert hall a 150 seat studio a 105 seat cinema an Image Lab/media suite a large gallery for photography and digital art a restaurant and three function rooms. The concert hall is home to the Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra.
 TNA Home Video is a division of Total Nonstop Action Wrestling that releases TNA's PPV events & other TNA produced compilations on DVD. TNA Home Video was formed in 2005 to partner with Navarre Corporation to distribute and produce TNA's expanding video library. Early TNA DVDs had no major distributor and were produced and distributed by TNA on their official website.
 Cross.tv is a Christian social networking website similar to facebook and myspace. It was founded by Andreas Kisslinger and Stefan Jager in 2008/2009 under the parent company Cross:media group. Cross.tv's values and moral standards provide a family-friendly online network featuring various media sharing functionalities.
 International Music Publications (better known as IMP) is a British publisher of popular sheet music.
 Jazeera Airways K.S.C (Arabic: طيران الجزيرة‎) is a low-fare airline with its head office on the grounds of Kuwait International Airport in Al Farwaniyah Governorate Kuwait. It operates scheduled services in the Middle East. Its main base is Kuwait International Airport.
 Def Jam Recordings is an American record label focused predominantly on hip hop and urban music owned by Universal Music Group. In the UK the label takes on the name Def Jam UK and is operated through Virgin EMI while in Japan it is Def Jam Japan operating through Universal Sigma Music. The label distributes various record labels including Roc-A-Fella Records Kanye West's GOOD Music Ludacris' Disturbing Tha Peace and No ID's ARTium Recordings.
 Meisha Merlin Publishing was an independent publishing company founded in 1996 by former New York book editor Stephen Pagel and Kevin and Brian Murphy. The Decatur Georgia-based company specialized in publishing fantasy and science fiction trade hardcover and trade paperback books.
 Hanwha SolarOne Ltd. is a (China/Chinese)manufacturer of photovoltaic cells and panels. They are ranked seventh largest producer in the world by PVinsights.Hanwha SolarOne was renamed after Hanwha Group (one of Korea’s top conglomerates) took over China-based Solarfun Power Holdings a leading manufacturer of photovoltaic modules in 2010.
 For the former dance/electronic music imprint also under Jive/Zomba see Battery Records (dance)Battery Records is a hip-hop label started by Neil Levine under Zomba Label Group which is currently owned by Sony Music Entertainment. The label was launched mid-2008 by Sony BMG Music Entertainment. The label primarily focuses on new talent often overseeing early-stage development for acts that are destined for other labels such as J Records or Jive.
 Elevation Burger is a fast casual restaurant chain that originated in Falls Church Virginia within the Washington Metropolitan Area.
 Trapeze Software Inc. an operating company of Constellation Software Inc. (TSX: CSU) is a technology provider headquartered in Toronto Ontario Canada and has operating companies in North America Northern Europe Australia and the United Kingdom.
 Air Nova was an airline based in Enfield Nova Scotia Canada that became part of Air Canada Regional in 2001. In 2002 the merger of Air BC Air Ontario Air Nova and Canadian Regional Airlines was finalised with the launch of a new name and brand-Air Canada Jazz.
 Wright & Teague is a creative partnership between jewellers Gary Wright and Sheila Teague. They make and show their jewellery in a shop in Burlington Arcade Mayfair in central London.
 Oberon Books is an independent publisher which specialises in drama and the performing arts. Whilst the majority of Oberon's catalogue is made up of play texts in recent years it has begun to publish theatrical biographies as well as books on ballet opera illustration photography and cinema. Oberon is one of the most prolific publishers of drama in the UK with over 800 titles in its back catalogue and approximately 80 new books going into production each year.
 Ivory Classics is an American classical music record label governed by the Ivory Classics Foundation.
 MAYA Design Inc. is a technology design firm and innovation lab founded in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States in 1989. MAYA helps companies design more usable and useful technology products as well as information-rich services and environments.
 Imperial Majesty Cruise Line was a budget cruise line that had operated 2 and 3 day voyages out of Port Everglades Florida to Nassau Bahamas. The company was founded in 1999. The cruise line attracted both vacationers and vintage ship fans from around the world. The cruise line's current operations ended on March 9 2009 when the Regal Empress was retired. In that same week its operations were replaced by another cruise line operating for the same company that Imperial Majesty was part of.
 Elway Research Inc.is a Seattle-based public opinion research firm. Since 1975 Elway Research has research projects for major corporations media outlets associations foundations campaigns and governmental agencies at all levels.They publish The Elway Poll a monthly independent survey of Washington State voters.
 Valiant Records was also the name of a record label which was renamed Instant Records.Valiant Records was an independent record company co-owned by Four Star Television which was sold in 1967 to Warner Bros. Records.Valiant Records was never fully independent for most of its existence its distributor was Warner Bros.
 Towerstream Corporation NASDAQ: (TWER) is a leading 4G and Small cell Rooftop Tower company. The company owns operates and leases Wi-Fi and Small cell rooftop tower locations to cellular phone operators tower Internet and cable companies and hosts a variety of customers on its network.
 Baywind Energy Co-operative was the first co-operative to own wind turbines in the United Kingdom.Baywind was modelled on the similar wind turbine cooperatives and other renewable energy co-operatives that are common in Scandinavia and was founded as an Industrial and Provident Society in 1996. It now has over 1300 members each with one vote. A proportion of the profits is invested in local community environmental initiatives through the Baywind Energy Conservation Trust.
 Sun Communities (NYSE: SUI) is a publicly traded real estate investment trust based in Southfield MI. The company owns operates and develops manufactured housing communities primarily in the midwestern southern and southeastern United States. There are currently 162 properties in its portfolio located in 18 states. The portfolio includes manufactured housing communities and recreational vehicle communities.
 Auto Windscreens is a United Kingdom automotive glazing company specialising in windscreen repair and replacement. It is owned by Trifords Ltd and is headquartered in Chesterfield Derbyshire.Working predominantly with insurers brokers and fleet management customers the company operates a growing nationwide fitting centre network that utilises a mobile fleet of trained technicians.
 Vlasic Pickles is an American brand of pickles currently owned by Pinnacle Foods. Since its introduction in 1942 it has become one of the most popular pickle brands in the United States.
 Cohen & Grigsby is a United States-based law firm with over 130 attorneys and is ranked as the 292nd largest law firm in the United States by the National Law Journal. Cohen & Grigsby makes its headquarters in Downtown Pittsburgh in the EQT Plaza and has offices in Naples Florida.
 The Canadian Co-operative Association (CCA) is a national cooperative Association for Canadian co-operatives headquartered in Ottawa Ontario. CCA represents its member organisations who come from many sectors of the economy including finance insurance agri-food and supply wholesale and retail housing health and the service sector.
 Eleven Thirty Records is an indie label based in Chapel Hill North Carolina and owned by RedEye Distribution. Co-founded in 2004 by A&R Director Stephen Judge and Redeye and Yep Roc Records co-owner Glenn Dicker the label has released albums by artists such as: Concrete Blonde The Gourds A.J. Croce Tanya Donelly Cowboy Mouth David Mead Josh Joplin Maria McKee Tommy Keene Hothouse Flowers and The Alarm.
 The David Cutler Group is a Plymouth Meeting Pennsylvania based company and the largest privately held residential builder of new luxury homes and luxury communities in Philadelphia PA's Delaware Valley area.
 Moers Music is a German jazz record label based in the city of Moers.
 Emery Telcom is a telecommunications company which provides Phone Service DSL Service Cable TV and Cable Internet to much of eastern and south eastern Utah. Emery Telcom was founded in 1950 as a Cooperative in Orangeville Utah.
 Elkjøp better known as Elgiganten outside Norway is the largest consumer electronics retailer in the Nordic countries with 285 stores across six countries and 9.200 employees. It is owned by Dixons Retail who bought it in 1999 then removing the company from Oslo Stock Exchange Oslo Børs.Elkjøp also has sister stores outside the Nordic countries namely in Czech Republic and in Slovakia. The company as a whole sold for £273 million in 2011-2012.
 Hatzi Hinam or Hetzi Hinam (Hebrew: חֲצִי חִנָּם lit. half-free from Hebrew: בַּחֲצִי חִנָּם very cheaply) is a supermarket chain in Israel. Founded in the early 1990s the regional independent supermarket chain is headquartered in Holon and has six stores in the Gush Dan area. Hatzi Hinam is the fourth largest supermarket chain in Israel[citation needed] with a market share of over 5% but has significantly fewer stores than the two major Israeli chains.
 PSS World Medical Inc. is an American distributor of medical products equipment billing services and pharmaceutical related products to non-hospital healthcare providers. In 2008 the company celebrated its 25th year in business and was named to Forbes 400 Best Big Companies list for the second time. The organization also ranked number 965 on the 2008 Fortune 1000 list of largest businesses up from 980 the prior year.
 Critical Software is a Portuguese information systems and software company headquartered in Coimbra.
 Eletronorte (Centrais Elétricas do Norte do Brasil S.A.) is a subsidiary of the Brazilian power utility Eletrobrás. It is responsible for the power generation transmission and distribution in the states of Amazonas Pará Acre Rondônia Roraima Amapá Tocantins and Mato Grosso.
 Cosmo Bulgaria Mobile operating under the GLOBUL brand(network code 284-05) is the second-largest Bulgarian GSM/UMTS operator part of the Telenor Group.
 A Buck or Two is a Canadian-owned and -operated chain of specialty retail stores that sell party supplies cards and wrap school supplies toys and crafts seasonal items housewares etc. and other essentials since 1990.Merchandise is mostly priced at $2.00 or less and consists of both new merchandise (usually imported though sometimes of Canadian origin) and closeouts.
 Groupe Saint-Paul Luxembourg is a media conglomerate based in Luxembourg City in southern Luxembourg. Amongst its assets are five newspapers including Luxembourg's largest daily newspaper d'Wort; two radio stations; Luxembourg's largest publishing house; and a chain of book shops.Saint-Paul is based at a large centralised complex in Gasperich in the south of Luxembourg City from which all its subsidiaries operate.
 Toast Records is an independent record label based in Turin Italy.
 Thor Steinar is a German clothing brand manufactured by Thor Steinar Mediatex GmbH a subsidiary of International Brands General Trading a Dubai-based company.In Germany the brand is closely associated to neo-nazism by the Verfassungschutz of the state of Brandenburg.
 Avanquest Software is a French consumer software developer and publisher founded in 1984 in by Bruno Vanryb and Roger Politis under the name of BVRP and has subsidiaries in North America Europe and Asia. The company made its debut on the Paris Stock Exchange (Bourse de Paris) in 1996 and has its headquarters of Avanquest Software is based in the Parisian suburb of La Garenne Colombes France.
 The Printing House Ltd. (TPH) is a Canadian printing company based in Toronto Ontario Canada. There are over 70 company owned locations across Canada. It has been in operation since 1961.In April 2010 The Printing House won gold for the Most Environmentally Progressive Manufacturing Process or Service Printer in Canada at the 5th Annual Environmental Printing Awards which were put on by PrintAction Magazine.
 AVADirect Inc. is an American computer manufacturing company located in Twinsburg Ohio near Cleveland.
 Morbidelli was an Italian motorcycle manufacturer founded by Giancarlo Morbidelli in Pesaro. During the late 1970s and early 1980s the company was particularly successful in Grand Prix motorcycle racing. The team won the 125 cc world championship in 1975 1976 and 1977 and won the 250 cc championship in 1977.
 Chesky Records is a record label founded in 1988 by brothers David and Norman Chesky. The company produces high definition recordings of music in a variety of genres including jazz classical pop R&B folk and world/ethnic.
 Cozi is a free mobile app and website that helps families stay organized. Its features allow multiple family members to manage appointments and schedules with one account as well as organize and update shopping and to-do lists. Cozi also provides articles and recipes of particular interest to modern families. Cozi is accessible from any computer mobile phone or tablet. The company's tag line is Family Life.
 Skoal is a brand of dipping tobacco also known as moist snuff and snus. Skoal is produced by the U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Company which is a subsidiary of Altria. It is considered a higher-priced product within the dipping tobacco market. Skoal was first produced by USSTC in 1934.Skoal is an Anglicisation of skål a term used in some Scandinavian regions to announce a toast of friendship with connotations of well-wishing.
 Dongbu Daewoo Electronics is a home electronics company. Established in 1971 it has since grown into a global business with more than 64 production sites research and development and sales centres in more than 40 countries worldwide. Daewoo Electronics Sales UK (DESUK) was established in November 1993. It is the third largest electronics firm of South Korea after Samsung and LG. The company manufactures a range of high value electronics and home appliances.
 Loosegroove Records was a Seattle based record label formed by Pearl Jam guitarist Stone Gossard and Brad drummer Regan Hagar in 1994. Initially a subsidiary of Sony before going independent in 1996 Loosegroove signed many up and coming artists from various musical genres especially rock and hip hop. Significantly Gossard signed Queens of the Stone Age to Loosegroove releasing the band's debut album in 1998.
 Liquid Realty Partners is a pioneering private equity real estate firm that invests indirectly in institutional real estate by acquiring interests in existing real estate funds partnerships joint ventures separate accounts trusts and other private investment vehicles on a secondary basis. The firm also specializes in recapitalizing real estate portfolios.
 Myspace (stylized as myspace previously stylized as MySpace) is a social networking service with a strong music emphasis owned by Specific Media LLC and pop music singer and actor Justin Timberlake. Myspace was launched in August 2003 and is headquartered in Beverly Hills California. In April 2014 Myspace had 1 million unique U.S. visitors.Myspace was founded in 2003 by Chris DeWolfe and Tom Anderson and was later acquired by News Corporation in July 2005 for $580 million.
 Lotte Chilsung is a South Korean manufacturer of food and beverage products. It is part of the Lotte Group.
 Donahue Gallagher Woods LLP (Donahue) is a mid-sized San Francisco Bay Area law firm with 34 attorneys in three offices the largest of which is located in Oakland California.
 Alan B Denning was an Australian bus bodybuilder in Acacia Ridge Brisbane.
 Rafidain Bank (Arabic: مصرف الرافدين‎) is the largest bank in Iraq with 165 branches inside Iraq and with branches in Cairo Beirut Abu Dhabi Bahrain Sana'a Amman and Jabal Amman. Its HQ is in central Baghdad. The bank was established in 1941 and in the 1960s in a wave of Ba'ath nationalisation became a state bank. In 1988 the Rafidain's non-performing assets were carved out into the Rasheed Bank.The Bank was very badly damaged by the first Gulf War and the economic sanctions against Iraq.
 PostNL (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈpɔst ɛnˌɛɫ]) is a mail parcel and e-commerce corporation with operations in the Netherlands Germany Italy Belgium and the United Kingdom. It is listed at Euronext Amsterdam. Formerly a subsidiary of TNT N.V. it became an independent company upon TNT's demerger in May 2011.
 Redback Networks was a telecommunications equipment company specializing in hardware and software used by ISPs to manage broadband services. In December 2006 Ericsson and Redback announced they had signed a definitive agreement under which Ericsson would acquire Redback. The transaction was completed in 2007 and Redback Networks is fully integrated in Ericsson.
 The Fresh Market is a chain of gourmet supermarkets based in Greensboro North Carolina.
 Yantai CIMC Raffles Shipyard (Chinese: 烟台莱福士船厂) is a shipbuilding company in Yantai Shandong Province Peoples Republic of China. The shipyard is one of three operated by CIMC Raffles Offshore Ltd.Yantai Raffles specializes in offshore and marine fabrication and shares in the company have been traded on the Oslo OTC system in Norway since May 2006.In 1994 Singaporean of South African descent Brian Chang founded Yantai Raffles at the junction of Bohai Bay and the Yellow Sea.
 Maxi (full legal name: Delhaize Serbia d.o.o. Beograd) or officially Delhaize Serbia is a Serbian supermarket chain part of Delhaize Group. Maxi was founded in 2000 with its first store opening at Belgrade and also headquartered in Belgrade. The chain has around 450 stores in the region.
 United Launch Alliance (ULA) is a joint venture of Lockheed Martin and Boeing. ULA was formed in December 2006 by combining the teams at these companies which provide spacecraft launch services to the government of the United States. U.S. government launch customers include both the Department of Defense and NASA as well as other organizations.ULA provides launch services using three expendable launch systems – Delta II Delta IV and Atlas V.
 Paperless Post is an e-commerce company focusing on design-driven online and printed stationery including greetings invitations birth announcements wedding suites and custom stationery. Paperless Post partners with leading fashion designers including kate spade new york Kelly Wearstler and Oscar de la Renta. The company is based in New York City.
 PolyOne Corporation is a global provider of specialized polymer materials services and solutions. PolyOne has operations in thermoplastic compounds specialty polymer formulations color and additive systems thermoplastic resin distribution and vinyl resins. In 2010 PolyOne was ranked the #1 in the “Top North American Compounders” list by Plastics News.PolyOne is incorporated in Ohio and headquartered in Avon Lake Ohio.
 NH Media (also known as NHemg) is a South Korean record label and entertainment agency founded in 1998 by Kim Nam-hee.
 The Canadian Bank Note Company is a Canadian security printing company. It is probably best known for being one of two private companies holding contracts with the Bank of Canada to supply it with Canada's paper currency. The company's other clients include private businesses national and sub-national governments central banks and postal services from around the world.
 Skin Graft Records (officially capitalized as SKiN GRAFT Records) is an independent record label specializing in No Wave and noise rock music originally based in Chicago Illinois. The label is largely responsible for spawning the so-called Now Wave genre an updated version of the late-1970s/early-1980s No Wave movement.
 SMRT Buses (originally Trans Island Bus Services (TIBS)) is a public bus transport operator in Singapore. Singapore has a duopoly transport system in which SMRT's only competitor is SBS Transit which also operates bus services in Singapore. The company was incorporated as TIBS on 31 May 1982 in a heavily regulated market to be a competitor to Singapore Bus Service. In accordance with restructuring at parent company SMRT Corporation TIBS was renamed SMRT Buses on 10 May 2004.
 The Government of Latvia is the central government of the Republic of Latvia. The Constitution of Latvia (Satversme) outlines the nation as a parliamentary republic represented by a unicameral parliament (Saeima) and the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Latvia which form the executive branch of the Government of Latvia.Since early 2000s cabinet meetings in Latvia are open to the public.
 Aventine Renewable Energy is a bioethanol and biodiesel company based in Pekin Illinois that produces and markets these biofuels.In 2006 it produced almost 696 million US gallons (2630000 m3) of fuel in the United States.
 Port City Java is a coffeehouse franchisor based in Wilmington North Carolina. Founded in 1995 it has over 40 locations in the United States. The company was named #31 in Entrepreneur Magazines Top 50 New Franchises.
 Bay State Newspaper Company based in Somerville Massachusetts USA was a publisher of weekly newspapers in suburbs north of Boston. It was formed in 1991 by Fidelity Investments after it bought Dole Publishing from its longtime owner William P. Dole.Bay State Newspaper was folded into the Metro Unit of Fidelity's Community Newspaper Company in 1996.
 Controlinveste is a Portuguese media holding company founded by Portuguese sports mogul and F.C. Porto supporter Joaquim Oliveira. Controlinveste was founded in 2005 after the amalgamation of Lusomundo Media and Olivedesportos.In 2013 Controlinveste was sold partly inter alia to Angolan investor António Mosquito Mbakassi (275%)  representing a group of investors from Angola. The other parts were sold to Luís Montez (15%) Banco Comercial Portugues (15%) and Banco Espirito Santo (15%).
 Pinkberry is a franchise of upscale frozen dessert restaurants headquartered in Los Angeles California. There are currently over 100 stores mostly located in Southern California and New York City.The first store opened in January 2005 by Hye Kyung (Shelly) Hwang and Young Lee. The tart frozen dessert has a groupie-like following. The company acknowledges its cult-like following by maintaining a groupie corner on its website.
 Kigozi Ssempala Mukasa Obonyo Advocates commonly known as KSMO Advocates is a Ugandan law firm headquartered in Kampala the capital city of Uganda. It is a private legal practice firm founded in October 2006. The firm is a renowned provider of corporate and commercial legal services in Uganda and beyond.
 Treasury Department Federal Credit Union (TDFCU) is a credit union headquartered in Washington D.C. chartered and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) of the U.S. federal government.
 BAE Systems Southeast Shipyards is a division of BAE Systems Ship Repair which itself is a subsidiary of BAE Systems Inc. the North American arm of British defense conglomerate BAE Systems. It was formed through the acquisition of Atlantic Marine from the J.F. Lehman and Company private equity firm in May 2010 for $352 million.BAE Systems Southeast Shipyards is headquartered in Jacksonville Florida with shipyards at Jacksonville Mayport Florida and Mobile Alabama.
 Telenet Group is the largest provider of cable broadband services in Belgium. Its business comprises the provision of analog and digital cable television fixed and mobile telephone services primarily to residential customers in Flanders and Brussels. In addition Telenet offers services to business customers all across Belgium and in Luxembourg under its brand Telenet Solutions.Since 11 October 2005 Telenet has been listed on the Euronext stock exchange under the ticker TNET.
 Founded in 1989 in Brussels the music publishing company « Alain Van Kerckhoven Editeur » publishes internationally distributes and promotes contemporary classical music.
 Phoenix Solar AG is a German photovoltaics company involved in the systems integration business. Specifically the company designs builds and operates large photovoltaic power plants and is a specialist wholesaler of photovoltaic systems solar modules and related equipment.
 Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) is an American specialty metals company headquartered in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania in the United States. ATI is one of the largest and most diversified specialty metals producers in the world with revenue of $5.2 billion in 2011. ATI's key markets are aerospace and defense oil & gas chemical process industry electrical energy and medical.
 Aéreo Servicio Guerrero S.A. de C.V. is a Mexican regional airline founded in 1997 based in the Hermosillo International Airport. It has Cessna 402 B Cessna 402 C and Cessna Caravan 208 B equipment. It has regular flights to the Baja California Peninsula and Sonora in addition to air taxi service.
 Hancock Fabrics is a specialty retailer of crafts and fabrics based in Baldwyn Mississippi United States. Hancock Fabrics operates 266 stores in 37 states under the Hancock Fabrics name.
 Metro Ride provides public bus transportation for the Wausau Wisconsin area.Metro Ride operates 8 routes in the City of Wausau which run at 30 minute intervals including a route to Rothschild and Schofield which runs at 60 minute intervals. Metro Ride also operates a route in Weston which runs at 30 minute intervals and provides transfer at Shopko in Rothschild. Two Saturday-only routes operate through Rothschild and Schofield and provide access to the Cedar Creek Mall area.
 Harbour Centre Development Limited (Chinese: 海港企業有限公司) is a subsidiary of The Wharf (Holdings) of Hong Kong and engages in the operation of hotels and restaurants and the property development business in Hong Kong and Mainland China. It was founded and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1971.
 Harvard Business Press is the book-specific division of Harvard Business School Publishing owned by the Harvard Business School based in Boston MA.The Press publishes general interest books in addition to business books. Its bestsellers Blue Ocean Strategy and The First 90 Days are widely read in management circles.HBSP also publishes business cases which are widely known HBS cases.
 Maryland Food Collective popularly known as The Co-op is a worker-owned collective at the University of Maryland. The organization was founded in 1975 under a cooperative business structure with the goal of providing nutritious food. It operates under the motto Food for people not for profit.
 Breakthrough Software is a project management software company based in the United States. It was acquired by Symantec in 1987 and subsequently integrated into the company.[citation needed]
 United World Telecom is a switch-based telecommunications service provider located in Florida USA serving retail wholesale and corporate customers worldwide.
 Founded in 2004 Semantic Web Company is an IT company headquartered in Vienna Austria.The company is a provider of Semantic Web infrastructure technologies and services used to support semantic information integration and semantic search based on linked data principles at the enterprise level.
 Mill Street is a Canadian brewery founded in December 2002 in Toronto by Steve Abrams Jeff Cooper and Michael Duggan. Joel Manning is currently the head brewer. The brewery has won numerous awards in its relatively short existence including Golden Tap Awards for Best Toronto Microbrewery ('04-'08) and Best Toronto Beer (for Tankhouse Ale: '04-'07).
 The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company was founded in 1898 by Frank Seiberling in Akron Ohio USA. Goodyear manufactures tires for automobiles commercial trucks light trucks SUVs race cars airplanes farm equipment and heavy earth-mover machinery.Even though he had no connection with the company it was named after Charles Goodyear. Goodyear invented vulcanized rubber in 1839.
 Qype /ˈkwaɪp/ was a Hamburg-based web 2.0 company centred on social networking and local reviews. They operated websites in Germany the United Kingdom France Switzerland Austria Ireland Poland Spain Italy and Brazil and had approximately 22 million monthly unique European visitors.Competitor Yelp announced their acquisition of Qype in October 2012 and Qype reviews were merged into the Yelp site by October 2013.
 Precis Intermedia (formerly Politically Incorrect Games and Spectre Press) publishes downloadable PDF-based and traditional printed role-playing games. They also publish downloadable paper gaming miniatures called Disposable Heroes and other various miniatures and tabletop games. Precis Intermedia merged with Spectre Press one of the first RPG publishers to offer PDF-based products on the internet.
 Tiny Island Productions (a.k.aTiny Island Productions Pte Ltd) is a CG animation production company based in Singapore. It specializes in both normal CG and stereoscopic 3D productions. It was the animation studio for the Ben 10: Destroy All Aliens CG movie which won the Best 3D Animated Program category at the Asian Television Awards 2012 as well as the award-winning Dream Defenders television series.
 Movement Strategies is the world's leading independent consultant in people movement crowd dynamics & safety and emergency procedures.Movement Strategies helps its clients to plan design and operate any place where there are large numbers of people - events & mega events stadiums & sports venues transport facilities public spaces & streets and large buildings.It operates world-wide with offices in London and Oslo.
 Harmony Books is an imprint of the Crown Publishing Group itself part of publisher Penguin Random House. Harmony Books is dedicated to helping readers achieve personal transformation and well-being in all facets of their lives. Publishing books that offer unique approaches to health relationships self-improvement and spirituality Harmony guides readers to become their best selves both inside and out.
 The State Industries Promotion Corporation of Tamil Nadu Limited (SIPCOT)(Tamil: தமிழ்நாடு அரசு தொழில் முன்னேற்றக் கழகம் (வரையறுக்கப்பட்டது)) Limited is an institution owned by the government of Tamil Nadu
 Western Kenosha County Transit is a regional bus service operating route deviation and door-to-door service throughout Kenosha County Wisconsin mainly serving the rural areas west of Interstate-94. Western Kenosha County Transit runs a weekday route deviation service between Twin Lakes and the City of Kenosha. There is also a weekday rush hour commuter shuttle between Twin Lakes and the Metra Train Station in Antioch IL.
 Henri Lloyd is a British clothing manufacturer that specializes in sailing yachting and golfing apparel. Established in Manchester in 1963 and still headquartered there the company has 40 stores spanning UK Australia the Middle East and Europe.
 Nordic Games GmbH is an Austrian computer game publisher. Its core portfolio comprises products and brands which have been acquired from JoWooD Entertainment and DreamCatcher Interactive in 2011.
 Hidden Path Entertainment (also known as Hidden Path) is an American video game development company based in Bellevue Washington United States. It was founded in 2006 by Michael Austin Jim Garbarini Dave McCoy Jeff Pobst and Mark Terrano. In 2008 Hidden Path released its first original title Defense Grid: The Awakening on PC and in 2009 on Xbox.
 Saremar (Sardegna Regionale Marittima) is an Italian shipping company a subdivision of state-owned Tirrenia di Navigazione until 2009 when it was transferred to the Sardinian regional government. It operates in routes from Sardinia to La Maddelena and San Pietro islands Bonifacio in Corsica Savona and Civitavecchia in Mainland Italy.
 ESET is an IT security company headquartered in Bratislava Slovakia that was founded in 1992 by the merger of two private companies. The company was awarded as the most successful Slovak company in 2008 2009 and 2010.
 Inderscience Publishers is an academic publisher that publishes peer-reviewed journals in the fields of law engineering and technology management and business administration and energy environment and sustainable development.
 Frommer's is a travel guidebook series founded by Arthur Frommer in 1957. Frommer's has expanded to include more than 350 guidebooks across 14 series as well as other media including the website Frommers.com. In 2007 Frommer's celebrated its 50th anniversary of guidebook publishing. Since May 2007 Arthur Frommer has been actively blogging about travel on the Frommers.com website.
 KMP Holdings (acronym for Korean Music Power) (Hangul: KMP홀딩스) is a South Korean music distribution company. It is headquartered in Gangnam-gu Seoul and was opened on March 18 2010.
 Brainwave Creations was a small game programming company started by Michael Berlyn formerly of Infocom. The company was founded in the mid-1980s and is probably best known for co-creating Tass Times in Tonetown along with Interplay's Bill Heineman.
 The GEPA is Europe's largest alternative trading organization. The abbreviation GEPA³ stands for Gesellschaft zur Förderung der Partnerschaft mit der Dritten Welt mbH“ literally meaning Society for the Promotion of Partnership with the Third World.
 Braganza is a holding company owned by Per G. Braathen and his immediate family. Based in Oslo Norway it has several major investments in the transport and tourism industry. Some of the largest investments include Kristiansand Zoo and Amusement Park and Braathens Aviation which owns three Swedish airlines: Golden Air Malmö Aviation and Sverigeflyg.The company was founded in 1938 by Ludvig G. Braathen and his shipping company Ludvig G. Braathens Rederi.
 Tihama is an advertising public relations and marketing company based in Jeddah Saudi Arabia. It was formed in 1975 then turned into a joint stock company in 1983.
 GrowthWorks Capital Ltd is a Canadian venture capital firm investing in early stage companies.
 Xchanging PLC (LSE: XCH) is a company which provides business processing technology and procurement services in 42 countries for customers across many industry sectors. The company offers expertise in business processing with knowledge of insurance and financial services.[citation needed]Xchanging offers IT outsourcing infrastructure including network managed services software products and application management.
 Hi-Lo Foods Stores is a nationwide supermarket chain in Trinidad and Tobago. It a subsidiary of the Neal & Massey group of companies and part of the IGA network. Hi-Lo was originally opened by Cannings Foods Limited.
 Hatena Co. Ltd. (株式会社はてな Kabushiki-gaisha hatena) is an internet services company in Japan. It operates various services including the most popular social bookmarking service in Japan Hatena Bookmark. Hatena is the collective name of the company's services. On July 19 2001 it was founded by Junya Kondo in Kyoto. The company moved its headquarters to Shibuya Tokyo on April 10 2004. The headquarters were moved back to Kyoto in April 2008.
 CST Brands Inc. (NYSE: CST) is the second-largest publicly traded fuel and convenience retailer in North America with 1900 outlets in the U.S. and Canada. CST Brands had 2013 revenues of about $12.8 billion and made approximately $360 million in EBITDA. Stores are concentrated in the central and southwestern U.S. states and in eastern Canada. It also sells fuel under the Valero and Diamond Shamrock brands.
 The MediaImpact Media Center is a variety of systems designed to store manage and access all forms of digital media in the home. Based on MythTV software it provides user managed libraries for music photos and all forms of video from recorded television programs to DVDs.
 The Norwegian State Housing Bank (Norwegian: Husbanken) is a Norwegian Government agency responsible for the housing politics in Norway. The main tool for the bank is mortgages in newly constructed houses. About half of all houses after World War II in Norway have been financed by the Housing Bank. The agency is based in Drammen and was created by a 1946 law. Total assets were NOK 102 billion in 2002. As such it is one of the largest banks of Norway.The bank has three distinct goals:.
 Latino Buggerveil is an independent record label and publishing company that was founded by psychedelic noise-punk band the Butthole Surfers.The label's first release was the 1987 album A Texas Trip a various artists compilation which was co-released by Caroline Records.
 JOINT STOCK BANK TRANSCAPITALBANK (CLOSED JOINT STOCK COMPANY) — is a Russian commercial bank with a share of foreign capital which includes the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) German Investment Company DEG (100%-subsidiary of KfW) and International Finance Corporation (IFC). Headquartered in Moscow Transcapitalbank operates in more than 18 regions providing financial services to 30000 corporate customers and over 212000 retail clients.
 e-Home AUTOMATION (Arabic: إي هوم اوتوماشن‎) is an Arabic company that develops software and manufactures systems for home automation home security and audio/video control. Systems created by e-Home include servers touchscreens keypads and lighting control systems.
 BancABC is a pan-African financial services provider headquartered in Gaborone Botswana.
 HSBC Private Bank is the principal private banking business of the HSBC Group. HSBC Private Bank's holding company is HSBC Private Banking Holdings (Suisse) S.A.. The holding company is wholly owned by British HSBC Bank plc and its subsidiaries include HSBC Private Bank (Suisse) S.A. HSBC Private Bank (UK) Limited HSBC Private Bank (C.I.) Limited HSBC Private Bank (Luxembourg) S.A. HSBC Private Bank (Monaco) S.A.
 Skull Gang Entertainment is a hip-hop label formed by Skull Gang member Juelz Santana in 2008. With his usual crew on hold due to infighting and his solo career tied up in contract disputes Dipset member Juelz Santana formed his own group Skull Gang in 2008. Featuring Santana along with Richmond Rab Starr Unkasa John Depp Deniro and Riq Rose the crew first appeared on the mixtape Takeover: The New Movement to Move With released in 2008.
 SYDLE or SYDLE Systems is an enterprise software company located in Belo Horizonte Brazil. It was founded in 2005 by its current CEO Daniel Cataldo Zamagna. The company focuses on big enterprise clients. Among its offerings there are products focussed on the energy market paid services management BPM and online education and recruitment.
 Soltam Systems (Hebrew: סולתם מערכות‎) is an Israeli defense contractor located in Yokneam Israel. The company has been developing and manufacturing advanced artillery systems mortars ammunition and peripheral equipment since 1952. Soltam Systems serves armed and special forces in more than 60 countries. Among the company's major customers are the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) the United States Army and NATO countries.
 Gold Star Chili is a restaurant chain based in Cincinnati Ohio that sells Cincinnati chili. The original restaurant was established in the Cincinnati neighborhood of Mt. Washington in 1965 by four brothers from Jordan. Gold Star Chili is the Official Chili of the Cincinnati Bengals.
 Finansbank is a Turkish bank with headquarters in Istanbul. It was established by leading Turkish banker Hüsnü Özyeğin in 1987 and has been owned by the National Bank of Greece since 2006.As of December 2010 total assets of Finansbank increased to 38.1 billion TRY or 30%. Total loans increased by 35% compared to 2009 and were worth TRY 25.8 billion; customer deposits increased by 25% and were worth TL 23.6 billion. Net interest income reached TL 2254 million.
 AMRI (Albany Molecular Research Inc.) is a contract research and manufacturing organization that provides drug discovery development cGMP manufacturing and aseptic fill and finish to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. Founded over 22 years ago AMRI operates in the United States Europe and Asia with its headquarters located in Albany New York.
 Professionals in the City (PNC) a socializing and networking organization based in Washington DC with branches in New York City Los Angeles Philadelphia Baltimore and Boston. PNC has more than 200000 members and hosts more than 1000 events a year.
 Hase Spezialräder also known as Hase Bikes is a German tricycle tandem and recumbent factory founded in 1994 in Bochum by Marec Hase.Extraschicht a yearly cultural event of the Ruhr region takes places simultaneously with other locations in the old Waltrop's mine building now head office of the company.Hase Bikes holds the Guinness Book of Records record for the longest tandem in the world with 93 riders and more than 150m long.
 The Franklin Center for Government and Public Integrity is a nonprofit online news organization in the United States that publishes news and commentary from a free market limited government perspective on state and local government and politics.According to the organization’s mission statement the Franklin Center’s was founded to help fill the void created as the nation’s newspapers cut back on their statehouse news coverage and investigative reporting in the wake of falling circulation and revenues.” In addition to this the Franklin Center’s mission statement states that they work “to address falling standards in the media as well as a steep falloff in reporting on state government and provides professional training; research editorial multimedia and technical support; and assistance with marketing and promoting the work of a nationwide network of nonprofit reporters.”The organization is regarded as a conservative leaning news outlet. 
 IrishCentral.com is the sister website to the Irish-American publications Irish Voice newspaper and Irish America magazine. It went live on Sunday March 15 2009 after a launch in New York City which was attended by the New York Times Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen and others.The website markets itself as a website for the global Irish diaspora.
 Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (TSX: AAV NYSE: AAV) is a Canadian oil and gas company based in Calgary Alberta.
 Bajaj Group (pronounced: [buh-jaaj]) is an Indian conglomerate founded by Jamnalal Bajaj in 1926 Mumbai. Bajaj Group is one of the oldest & largest conglomerates based in Mumbai Maharashtra. The group comprises 34 companies & its flagship company Bajaj Auto is ranked as the world's fourth largest two- and three-wheeler manufacturer. Some of the notable companies are Bajaj Electricals Mukand Ltd & Bajaj Hindusthan Ltd.
 No Records was a record label and later record distributor that operated in Halifax Nova Scotia from January 1993 to August 2004.
 SpinVox was a subsidiary of global speech technology company Nuance Communications headquartered in Marlow UK and New York USA. It provided voice-to-text conversion services for carrier markets including wireless fixed VoIP and cable as well as for unified communications enterprise and Web 2.0 environments. This service was ostensibly provided through an automated computer system with human intervention where needed.
 JinXing Digital CO.Ltd (commonly referred to as JXD Chinese: 金星电子有限公司) is a manufacturer of consumer electronics based in Shenzhen China.In 2005 the company started manufacturing of flash MP4 players HD MP4 and PMPs.Like a lot of other mushrooming Chinese companies producing digital products JXD manufactures mobile phones mobile TV devices and other devices.
 Wilderness Air formerly known as Sefofane Air Charter is an air charter company headquartered in Botswana Africa.
 KOSTT j.s.c is the Kosovo Electricity Transmission System and Market Operator an entity which plays an important role in the energy sector in Kosovo.Appointed by the Ministry of Energy and Mining and licensed by the Energy Regulatory Office pursuant to the provisions of the primary and secondary Kosovo legislation KOSTT j.s.c became a licensed entity for the Transmission System Operation and for the Market Operation in October 2006.
 InMusic Brands inMusic is the parent company for a family of brands of varying audio products used in the DJ music production live sound musical instrument pro audio and consumer electronics industries. This includes AIR Music Technology Akai Professional Alesis Alto Professional Denon DJ Denon Professional ION Audio M-Audio Marantz Professional MixMeister Numark and Sonivox.
 Nous Infosystems is a Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) Level 5 certified global IT Services company based in New Jersey USA. It has its development centers in India at Bengaluru (Bangalore) and Coimbatore and also has offices in the USA UK Germany and Canada. The company also has subsidiaries which provide services in software testing and remote infrastructure management.
 yoonew Inc. was a start-up based in New York City USA that ran an online exchange specializing in championship sports tickets and ticket derivatives. Since being founded in 2004 Yoonew provided tickets and ticket derivatives for large sporting events such as the Super Bowl the World Series the Stanley Cup the UEFA European Football Championship the Final Four and the US Open.
 Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group is a leading British-based insurance and re-insurance business. It is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
 Airlink was the brand name of a helicopter shuttle service which ran between London's two main airports Gatwick and Heathrow between 1978 and 1986. Operated jointly by British Caledonian Airways and British Airways Helicopters using a Sikorsky S-61 owned by the British Airports Authority the curious and unique operation connected the rapidly growing airports in the years before the M25 motorway existed.
 Redmond Clay is a brand and a registered trademark of a montmorillonite / bentonite clay mined near the town of Redmond Utah. Redmond Clay is produced and sold in a powder form as a medicinal clay natural remedy or alternative medicine.
 Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is an American motion picture distribution division owned by The Walt Disney Company.Established in 1953 as Buena Vista Distribution Company the unit handles distribution and marketing for films produced by the Walt Disney Studios; including Walt Disney Pictures Touchstone Pictures Disneynature and since 2012 and 2015 Marvel Studios—which is a part of Disney's Marvel Entertainment subsidiary—and Lucasfilm.The division took on its current name in 2007 which before that had been Buena Vista Pictures Distribution since 1987.
 Tarhan Tower Airlines was a charter airline based in Istanbul Turkey. Its main hub was Atatürk International Airport.During December 2007 SHGM (Turkish Civil Aviation authority) suspended the licence allowing the airline to operate due to issues found within the airlines maintenance department.
 VION N.V. is an internationally operating company with two core activities: Food and Ingredients. The Dutch group produces high-quality foodstuffs for humans and animals. In 2012 VION's turnover amounted to € 9.7 billion. At the start of 2013 the company employed 21000 staff. VION is not a listed company and has one shareholder the Dutch Zuidelijke Land- en Tuinbouworganisatie (ZLTO) an agricultural and horticultural association with some 16500 members.
 BMMI (BSE) is a retail distribution and contract supply group headquartered in the Kingdom of Bahrain with overseas offices in Qatar Djibouti Ghana Gabon Kenya Mali Sudan South Sudan and Washington D.C.BMMI is an independent public company and is listed on the Bahrain Stock Exchange.
 Lexalytics Inc. provides enterprise and hosted text analytics software to transform unstructured text into structured data. The software extracts entities (people places companies products etc.) sentiment quotes opinions and themes (generally noun phrases) from text.
 Mausu Promotion (株式会社 マウスプロモーション Kabushiki-gaisha Mausu Puromōshon) formerly known as Ezaki Productions is a Japanese talent management agency representing a fair number of prolific voice actors.
 Sumthing Distribution is a New York based company started by Nile Rodgers that distributes recording artist and independent record labels. It is the largest African-American owned distribution company in America.
 NuTech Digital is a US corporation that translates packages and dubs hentai anime live-action pornography and concerts.
 Société Bic (commonly referred to just as Bic) is a company based in Clichy France. It was founded in 1945 by Baron Marcel Bich and has become known for making disposable consumer products such as lighters magnets ballpoint pens shaving razors printed paper products and watersports products.
 Shanghai Century Publishing Group (Chinese: 上海世紀出版集团) is a publishing company based in Shanghai China. It was created on February 24 1999. It is the parent company of Shanghai People's Publishing House Shanghai Translation Publishing House Truth & Wisdom Press etc..
 Chambers is bus and coach operator based in Bures in Suffolk England. It is a subsidiary of the Go-Ahead Group.
 Northwestern Trailways based in Spokane Washington USA is an intercity common carrier of passengers by bus serving Washington and Idaho.
 GFI Russia is a Russian video game developer. It was founded in 1996 as MiST Land South by a group of friends and located in Zelenograd Moscow. It was purchased in 2003 by Game Factory Interactive and reorganize into GFI Russia in 2006.MiST Land South was chosen by Game Factory Interactive (GFI) to develop the next two installments in the Jagged Alliance series: Jagged Alliance 3 and Jagged Alliance 3D.
 Imperial International is a supplier of billiard tables and other cue sports equipment. According to their website they stock over 10000 items from billiard tables to accessories.
 Axe (also known as Lynx in the United Kingdom the Republic of Ireland Australia and New Zealand) is a brand of male grooming products owned by the British–Dutch company Unilever and marketed towards the young male demographic.
 Giant Food Stores LLC is an American supermarket chain that operates stores in Pennsylvania Maryland Virginia New York New Jersey Ohio and West Virginia under the names of Giant Martin's FoodSource and Ukrops. Giant is a subsidiary of Netherlands-based Ahold. Giant Food Stores are often referred to as Giant-Carlisle to distinguish it from sister company Giant-Landover.
 Merry Hill Minibuses was the bus operating arm of the Merry Hill Shopping Centre in Dudley England. It was known as Travel Merry Hill after 1998 following a takeover by National Express Group.
 Kerala Solvent Extractions Ltd now known as KSE Ltd (BSE: 519421 NSE: KSE) is a company that manufacturers cattle feed edible oils and dairy products in Irinjalakkuda Thrissur in Kerala. Incorporated in 1963 it is the market leader in the cattle feed industry and has units in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka states apart from Kerala. The company is also involved in exporting cattle-feed to various countries.
 Hacking Health is a social organization that pairs innovators with healthcare experts to build solutions to front-line healthcare problems through the use of emerging technology. Hacking Health is sponsored by Nightingale Informatix Corporation Business Development Bank of Canada and Microsoft.
 Intermark Automotive headquartered in Birmingham Alabama is an automotive advertising agency and a subsidiary division of Intermark Group Inc. Intermark Automotive has more than 50 employees located in 4 locations in the United States including Birmingham San Francisco Los Angeles and Oklahoma City. Intermark clients includes General Motors Gulf States Toyota Distributors and an abundance of local dealerships across the United States.
 Dischord Records is a Washington D.C.-based independent record label specializing in the independent punk music of the D.C.-area music scene. The label is co-owned by Ian MacKaye and Jeff Nelson who founded Dischord in 1980 to release Minor Disturbance by The Teen Idles. The label is most notable for employing the do-it-yourself ethic producing all of its albums by itself and selling them at discount prices without finance from major distributors.
 The Crosley Broadcasting Corporation was a radio and television broadcaster founded by radio manufacturing pioneer Powel Crosley Jr.. The company was an early operator of radio stations in the United States. Based in Cincinnati Ohio Crosley's flagship station was WLW (AM). Most of its broadcast properties adopted callsigns in which the first three letters were WLW which stood for [the] World's Largest Warehouse.
 Worthy Book is a Malaysian coupon-book brand held by Worthy Media an advertising and marketing company which is currently based in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. Worthy Book was released at September 2010 by Han Jia and Ken Kho. The voucher booklet offers discounts offers and unspecified perks on dining entertainment health and beauty services and retail.
 Guinness Nigeria a subsidiary of Diageo Plc of the United Kingdom was incorporated in 1962 with the building of a brewery in Ikeja the heart of Lagos. The brewery was the first outside of Ireland and Great Britain. Other breweries have been opened over time – Benin City brewery in 1974 and Ogba brewery in 1982.
 The Ingram Barge Company is a barge company based in Nashville Tennessee United States.According to the company website Ingram operates nearly 4000 barges with a fleet of over 80 linehaul vessels and over 30 tug boats. The company operates on the Mississippi River Ohio River Cumberland River Tennessee River Gulf Intracoastal Waterway Kanawha River Illinois River and the Monongahela River.
 Kinetic Records was a New York City-based record label founded by Steve Lau (founding member of Sire Records act the Ocean Blue) that launched the careers of artists and DJs such as Paul Oakenfold BT Ray Munns Deepsky Kosheen Tilt Timo Maas Grace Sandra Collins Billy Thermal Binary Finary and Shpongle.
 Lillehammer Olympiapark AS trading as Olympiaparken is a company established following the 1994 Winter Olympics to operate the Olympic venues in Lillehammer Norway. Owned by Lillehammer Municipality it operates five sports venues: Birkebeineren Ski Stadium Håkons Hall Lillehammer Olympic Bobsleigh and Luge Track Kanthaugen Freestyle Arena and the ski jumping hill of Lysgårdsbakken.
 Umicore N.V.. formerly Union Minière is a multinational materials technology company headquartered in Brussels Belgium.Formed in 1989 by the merger of four companies in the mining and smelting industries Umicore has since reshaped itself into a more technology-focused business encompassing such areas as the refining and recycling of precious metals and the manufacture of specialised products from precious metals cobalt germanium zinc and other metals.
 Established in 1976 Wake Forest University Press is a non-profit literary publisher located in Winston-Salem North Carolina on the campus of Wake Forest University. Although small among university presses it is a major publisher of Irish poetry in North America. Wake Forest Press publishes poets from the Republic of Ireland and from Northern Ireland.
 Novavax Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company based in Gaithersburg Maryland which specializes in creating recombinant protein nanoparticle vaccines to address a broad range of infectious diseases.The company has recombinant vaccine design and manufacturing technology and adjuvant technology.
 For the historic Dodge trucks that were collectively referred to as Dodge Ram see Dodge Ram.Ram Trucks (formally known as the Ram Truck Division) is a United States-based brand of light to mid-weight pickup trucks established in 2009 for model year 2010 as a division of Chrysler Group LLC a wholly owned subsidiary of Italian multinational automaker Fiat S.p.A.. It was formerly known as the Dodge Truck Division.
 Wings of Alaska is an American scheduled and charter airline company based in Juneau in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is a d/b/a of SeaPort Airlines Inc. Wings of Alaska is one of 7 airlines in Alaska with the Medallion Foundation Shield which has strict safety & operational guidelines that exceed the Federal Aviation Regulations. Wings is the only scheduled land-based airline in Southeast Alaska to have earned this Shield.
 Kantar Media Research Philippines (formerly known as Kantar/TNS Philippines) popularly called Kantar Media is one of the market research firms in the Philippines specializing in broadcast media. Kantar Media is responsible for audience measurement of television ratings in the entire Philippines.Kantar Media uses a nationwide panel size of 2609 urban and rural homes. Audience panel covers and represents 100% of the total Philippine TV viewing population.
 Dahl's Foods is a grocery store headquartered in Des Moines Iowa with 13 stores in the Des Moines area.
 McIntosh Laboratory is an American manufacturer of handcrafted high-end audio equipment based in Binghamton New York. The company was founded in 1949 by Frank McIntosh. McIntosh is highly recognizable for their black glass front panels McIntosh Blue amplifier power meters and iconic logo.
 OneWorld Health is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit drug development organization founded in San Francisco in 2000. In December 2011 OneWorld Health became a drug development program of PATH (global health organization) an international nonprofit organization that transforms global health through innovation.
 Addleshaw Booth & Co was an English law firm which merged with Theodore Goddard in May 2003.
 Blackfish Publishing was a magazine publishing company based in Bath UK. Its first title was Death Ray a science fiction and fantasy title.
 African Rainbow Minerals (ARM) is a mining company based in South Africa. Patrice Motsepe is the executive chairman; Mike Schmidt is CEO.ARM has interests in a wide range of mines including platinum and platinum group metals (PGMs) iron coal copper and gold. ARM's Goedgevonden coalmine near Witbank is a flagship of their joint venture with Xstrata and produces 6.7 million tons of coal per year. Production is expanding at the Two Rivers platinum mine in Mpumalanga.
 Beaver Lumber was a Canadian building supply chain owned by Molson. It was once Canada's fourth largest building supply chain with 138 stores. In 2000 it was purchased by Home Hardware a cooperative of over 1000 independent Canadian hardware stores. Beaver Lumber stores were rebranded as Home Building Centres.Beaver Lumber once Canada’s leading supplier of lumber building materials and related products and services began in 1883 as the Banbury Bros.
 Strait Area Transit is a provider of public transportation based in Inverness County and Richmond County Nova Scotia Canada. Established in 2008 it operates not as a government-sponsored agency but rather as a nonprofit cooperative.[1]. The organization offers limited daily services between Port Hawkesbury and outlying communities in the Strait of Canso area.[2]
 Scratchie Records was an independent record label founded in 1995 by James Iha and D'arcy Wretzky (ex-The Smashing Pumpkins) Adam Schlesinger (Fountains of Wayne Ivy) Kerry Brown (ex-Catherine) and Jeremy Freeman.Initially Scratchie was based in Chicago and had distribution through Mercury Records but a year of legal wrangling ended the pact after Universal merged with Mercury's parent company Polygram. Scratchie then signed a deal with New Line and moved to New York.
 Shanghai Synergy Culture & Entertainment Group (SSCEG) (Shanghai Synergy) is a music entertainment and media company headquartered in Shanghai China. It is owned by one of the largest media conglomerates in China—Shanghai Media & Entertainment Group (SMEG). Reorganization of SMEG resulted in the creation of Shanghai Synergy (SSCEG) and its sister company Shanghai Media Group (SMG). Shanghai Synergy is the largest music industry media group distributor and retail outlet in China.
 von Briesen & Roper is a Wisconsin-based law firm with a strong diverse and thriving regional national and international practice. von Briesen & Roper's innovative spirit dates back to 1904 when Ernst von Briesen opened his doors and displayed a window sign that read “Advocate.” When a new financial institution was founded in his neighborhood Ernst and his team began a long-term relationship that continues to this day.
 The American Society for Nutrition (ASN) is the principal United States society for professional researchers and practitioners in the field of nutrition publishing three of the leading journals in the field. The Society is one of the constituent societies comprising the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology.ASN’s newest journal Advances in Nutrition received a very competitive first-time impact factor for 2012: 3.245.
 The firm Fabrique d'armes Émile et Léon Nagant was established in 1859 in Liège Belgium to manufacture firearms.Émile (born 1830) and Léon (born 1833) Nagant were brothers and probably best known for their important contributions to the design of the Mosin-Nagant Russian service rifle adopted in 1891. This introduction to the Tsar's military administration led to the adoption in 1895 of the Nagant M1895 revolver as their standard-issue sidearm.
 Castle Air is a British helicopter charter and sales company which specialises in the use of helicopters in TV and film. It is based in Trebrown near the town of Liskeard Cornwall.Castle Air Ltd holds a United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) Type B Operating Licence it is permitted to carry passengers cargo and mail on aircraft with fewer than 20 seats and/or weighing less than 10 tonnes.
 FRE Records was a Toronto Ontario based independent record label in the 1990s. It was originally formed by former employees of Enigma Records after that label's Canadian operations folded.The best-known bands on FRE were April Wine and Skydiggers. In 1996 FRE filed for bankruptcy and many of the records that had been released on the label including Skydiggers' Restless (one of the bestselling Canadian indie records of the 1990s) ceased to be available in record stores.
 AEGON Religare Life Insurance is a joint venture between AEGON Religare and Bennett Coleman & company . AEGON Religare Life Insurance offers a range of insurance products for financial planning and life insurance in India. ARLI launched its operations in July 2008. Aegon Religare Life Insurance(ARLI) offers a complete product suite consisting of Term Pans Health Plans Savings Plans Child Plans and Unit-linked plans.
 Haiti Telecommunication International S.A. or Haitel is a Haitian mobile and wireless phone and Internet service provider using CDMA technology.
 Piper Jaffray (NYSE: PJC) is a full-service investment bank and asset management firm focused on mergers and acquisitions financial restructuring public offerings public finance institutional brokerage investment management and securities research. Through its principal subsidiary Piper Jaffray & Co. the company targets corporations institutional investors and public entities.Based in Minneapolis Minnesota Piper Jaffray has 35 offices in the U.S. Europe and Asia.
 The Norwegian State Railways (Norwegian: Norges Statsbaner or NSB) was a state-owned railway company that operated most of the railway network in Norway. The government agency was created in 1883 to oversee the construction and operation of all state-owned railways in Norway. On 1 December 1996 it was demerged to create the infrastructure operator Norwegian National Rail Administration the train operator Norwegian State Railways and the Norwegian Railway Inspectorate.
 Dogs Trust formerly known as the National Canine Defence League is an animal welfare charity and humane society in the United Kingdom which specialises in the well-being of dogs. The charity rehabilitates and finds new homes for dogs which have been abandoned or given up by their owners. People are encouraged to sponsor a dog for at least £1 a week even if they are not able to rehome the dog.
 Textron Marine & Land Systems formerly Cadillac Gage is an American military contractor that manufactures armored vehicles turrets advanced marine craft surface effects ships and other weapon systems. It is owned by Textron and was formed in the merger between Cadillac Gage and Textron Marine in 1994.
 Det Stavangerske Dampskibsselskap AS (DSD) is a private Norwegian shipping company that operates internationally through the subsidiary DSD Shipping AS 13 vessels. The group also owns major parts of Tide and Nor Lines. DSD dates back to 1855 when it was founded. Head offices are located in Stavanger.In 2007 the group sold its former subsidiary Stavangerske to the newly founded Tide ASA. Tide was the result of the merger between Hardanger Sunnhordlandske Dampskipsselskap and Gaia Trafikk.
 Keen Communications LLC. is a book publishing and packaging company created in 2007 through the merger of Menasha Ridge Press in Birmingham Alabama and Clerisy Press in Cincinnati Ohio. The company publishes informational guides in the areas of outdoor recreation travel sports health and fitness nature and business intended for consumers retailers and manufacturers in these areas. Keen Communications is home to three book imprints.
 Mitsubishi Electric Corporation (三菱電機株式会社 Mitsubishi Denki Kabushiki-gaisha) is a Japanese multinational electronics and electrical equipment manufacturing company headquartered in Tokyo Japan. It is one of the core companies of the Mitsubishi Group.Mitsubishi Electric manufactures electric and architectural equipment as well as a major worldwide producer of photovoltaic panels.
 S.A.S. HPI Groupe is a French company established in 1993which engages in radio publishing and is based in Courcouronnes France.
 The National Council for International Visitors (NCIV) is a non-partisan 501(c)(3) non-profit organization established in 1961 to promote excellence in citizen diplomacy. It is based in Washington D.C. in the United States.NCIV members include individuals program agencies and more than 90 community organizations throughout the United States.
 Spiral Universe provides a software platform for student information learning management and distance learning applications. The company is based in White Plains New York. The flagship product is called Spiral a rich Internet application available under the software as a service model.
 Reservoir Bus Company is a privately owned bus and coach operator in Melbourne Australia. As a Melbourne bus company it operates 10 bus routes under contract to the Government of Victoria.
 Affiliated Foods Southwest was a retailers' cooperative serving independent supermarkets in Arkansas Louisiana Mississippi Oklahoma Tennessee and Texas. It was founded in 1948 by C. E. Doc Toland who had worked in a cooperative in Little Rock Arkansas called Model Markets.
 The Cope or the Templecrone Agricultural Co-operative Society (Irish: Comharchumann Thalmhaíochta agus Shóisialta Theampall Cróine) is a co-operative retail chain indigenous to The Rosses area of County Donegal in Ireland.
 BBC Multimedia is a defunct branch of the BBC which dealt with the publishing of computer-game versions of well-known BBC television programmes. More recently video games such as Doctor Who: The Adventure Games have been published by BBC Worldwide
 The Ministry of Industry is headed by the Industry Minister of Pakistan who must be a member of Parliament of Pakistan.
 Piaget SA (French pronunciation: ​[pja.ʒɛ]) is a Swiss luxury watchmakers and jewellers founded in 1874 by Georges Piaget in the village of La Côte-aux-Fées.
 Wienerberger AG is the world’s largest producer of bricks and number one on the clay roof tile market in Europe with 230 plants in 30 countries. The company also holds leading positions in concrete pavers in Central-East Europe and pipe systems in Europe. It is based in Vienna Austria.
 Rogers Orchards in Southington Connecticut is an agricultural-produce company owned and operated by members of the same family since its founding in 1807 and one of the leading agricultural producers in Connecticut.Totaling 250 acres (1.0 km2) it is Southington's largest farm and the largest apple-grower in the state selling wholesale to local stores and retail at its farmers' markets.It harvests and sells twenty varieties of apples annually with McIntosh Macoun Cortland and Empire among its most popular. 
 Heinemann is a publishing house that was founded in 1890 in the UK. Heinemann has published the works of many notable authors including W. Somerset Maugham J. B. Priestley and Chinua Achebe. The company has also published numerous English translations and significant non-fiction work such as the Loeb Classical Library. After being taken over by Doubleday in 1920 the imprints have had a number of corporate owners.
 The State Administration of Press Publication Radio Film and Television of the People's Republic of China (SAPPRFT) formerly known as the State Administration of Radio Film and Television (SARFT; Chinese: 国家广播电影电视总局; pinyin: Guójiā Guǎngbō Diànyǐng Diànshì Zǒngjú) is an executive branch under the State Council of the People's Republic of China.
 World Aircraft Company is an American aircraft manufacturer of light-sport aircraft.The company manufactures aircraft designed by South American engineer Max Tedesco and intends to start production in 2014.
 Zero Tolerance Entertainment is an American pornographic film studio. The studios Third Degree Films and Black Ice are sister companies of Zero Tolerance. The studio's films are generally classed as Gonzo pornography.
 Thai Rating and Information Services Co. Ltd. (TRIS) founded in 1993 as Thailand’s first credit rating agency. Initiated by Ministry of Finance and Bank of Thailand to facilitate the development of domestic bond market. Later renamed TRIS Corporation Limited in 2007. TRIS Rating Co. Ltd. was established as a separate company on 3 June 2002.In November 2011 Standard & Poor's acquired a 5% stake in TRIS Corp the parent company of TRIS Rating.
 American Casino & Entertainment Properties (ACEP) is a casino holding company headquartered at the Stratosphere Las Vegas. ACEP was a wholly owned subsidiary of American Real Estate Partners before it was sold to Whitehall Street Real Estate Funds in February 2008.
 hhgregg Inc. (NYSE: HGG) or Gregg Appliances Inc. is a publicly owned and operated retailer of consumer electronics and home appliances in the Midwest Northeast and Southeast United States.
 Aluna Games was a video game publishing and producing company founded on the basis of publishing video games for Development Companies and Indie Developers.Aluna Games went live as an Official launch on February 1 2011 and set to publish numerous games. On its website Aluna Games had numerous minigames each week that it would launch followed with updates beta releases and / or teasers from up and coming projects.
 Protandim is a patented dietary supplement marketed by LifeVantage Corporation (NASDAQ: LFVN; formerly LifeLine Therapeutics Lifeline Nutraceuticals and Yaak River Resources Inc) a Utah-based multilevel marketing company. The manufacturers of Protandim claim the product can indirectly increase antioxidant activity by upregulating endogenous antioxidant factors such as the enzymes superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase as well as the tripeptide glutathione.
 Harris Beach is a law firm in New York state founded in 1856. The firm has 200 lawyers and offices throughout New York state as well as Newark New Jersey and New Haven Connecticut.Ranked by the National Law Journal as one of the country’s Top 250 law firms Harris Beach and its subsidiaries provide a full range of legal and professional services for clients across New York state as well as nationally and internationally.
 D-Wave Systems Inc. is a quantum computing company based in Burnaby British Columbia. On May 11 2011 D-Wave System announced D-Wave One labeled the world's first commercially available quantum computer operating on a 128 qubit chip-set using quantum annealing to solve optimization problems.
 The Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation based in Milwaukee Wisconsin is an American conservative foundation with about half a billion US dollars in assets. According to the Bradley Foundation 1998 Annual Report it gives away more than $30 million per year. The Foundation has financed efforts to support federal institutes publications and school choice and educational projects.
 The Norwegian Society for the Conservation of Nature (Norwegian: Norges Naturvernforbund) also known as Friends of the Earth Norway and commonly abbreviated NNV is the largest Norwegian environmental organization with approximately 20000 members. The organization is based on a volunteer work among the members constituting work both at local and national levels. NNV works within a large range of environmental areas.
 Cirio S.p.A. (Cirio Società per Azioni) is a major Italian food company.It was founded in 1856 in Turin Italy.
 Based in South Carolina Span-America Medical Systems is an American company providing medical appliances and equipments. The company provides therapeutic support surfaces to help the patient. The company comprises two segments: medical segment and custom product segment. The medicial segment mainly focuses on the pressure management products. The custom product segment mainly focuses the business on foam products and bedding products.
 Tokai Radio Broadcasting. Company Limited (東海ラジオ放送株式会社) is a Japanese radio broadcasting company serving the areas of Aichi Prefecture Gifu Prefecture and Mie Prefecture owned by the Chunichi Shimbun Group.
 SunRiver Data Systems was a division of SunRiver Corporation a private company founded in 1986 in Jackson Mississippi by four electrical engineers (Ronnie Hughes Bill Long Kester Rice and Gerald Youngblood) all former employees of Diversified Technology Inc.
 Scotia Prince Cruises was a cruise ferry operator based in Maine which owned and operated the M/S Scotia Prince. This ferry operated across the Gulf of Maine between Portland Maine and Yarmouth Nova Scotia until the end of the 2004 sailing season.
 Ordnance Factories Board (OFB) consisting of the Indian Ordnance Factories (Hindi: भारतीय आयुध निर्माणियाँ) is an industrial setup functioning under the Department of Defence Production of Ministry of Defence Government of India. It is engaged in production testing logistics research development and marketing of a comprehensive product range in the areas of land air and sea systems.
 Steak 'n Shake Operations Inc. is a casual restaurant chain located primarily in the Midwestern Southern and Eastern United States with also locations in the Southwest United States. It is headquartered in Indianapolis Indiana and San Antonio Texas. There are more than 400 company-owned Steak 'n Shakes and more than 100 or so that are franchised.
 Nufarm is an agricultural chemical company headquartered in Melbourne Australia. The company holds more than 2100 product registrations and markets products in more than 100 countries around the world.The company is a manufacturer of phenoxies a class of herbicides that controls and eradicates broadleaved weeds.
 Getty Images Inc. is an American stock photo agency based in Seattle Washington United States. It is a supplier of stock images for business and consumers with an archive of 80 million still images and illustrations and more than 50000 hours of stock film footage.
 Ben Franklin Transit is the operator of public transportation in Franklin and Benton counties in the U.S. state of Washington. Seventeen routes provide local service for the three component urban areas of the Tri-Cities: Richland Kennewick and Pasco. Five routes connect the Tri-Cities metro area as well as extend to the municipalities of Benton City Prosser and West Richland. Most routes run six days a week.
 Third Rock Ventures is a venture capital firm based in Boston which invests in biotechnology startups.
 Coquette Productions is a television and film production company created by David Arquette and Courteney Cox Arquette and located in West Hollywood California.
 Jacobsen is an upscale brand of specialty beers owned by Carlsberg. Named after Carlsberg's founder J.C. Jacobsen it is housed in the original Carlsberg brewery in Valby in Copenhagen Denmark and is currently headed by brewmaster Morten Ibsen.
 Green & Black's is a UK-based chocolate company owned by Mondelēz International one of two companies formerly known as Kraft Foods. The company produces a range of chocolate bars ice cream biscuits and hot chocolate with its principal manufacturing sites in Canada Poland and Italy. Its products are organic and premium-priced.Green & Black's was founded in 1991 by organic food pioneer Craig Sams and his wife the magazine editor and journalist Josephine Fairley.
 Nabalco (North Australian Bauxite and Alumina Company) was a mining and extraction company set up in 1964 to exploit the mineral reserves (bauxite) of the Gove Peninsula Australia.
 Associated Motor Cycles (AMC) was a British motorcycle manufacturer founded by the Collier brothers as a parent company for the Matchless and AJS motorcycle companies. It later absorbed Francis-Barnett James and Norton before incorporation into Norton-Villiers.
 Element Mobile is a CDMA-Based cellular service provider headquartered in Wisconsin Rapids Wisconsin that launched in January 2011. The company officially known as Wisconsin RSA #7 Limited Partnership displaced Alltel in Central Wisconsin.
 Navibulgar is a Bulgarian shipping company the largest in the country with a fleet of 60 vessels: 46 bulk carriers 9 container vessels 5 tanker and chemical vessels and 10 combined tonnage vessels including their new 30700-tonne ship which became a part of their fleet in June 2012.
 Air Oregon was founded in 1978 in Portland Oregon. It was later consolidated in 1981 with Horizon Air.
 SaskEnergy is a Crown corporation of the Saskatchewan government which delivers natural gas to 92% of the province through a 67000 kilometre distribution system to over 347000 customers.
 Panarctic Oils was formed in 1968 as a result of the Canadian government's eagerness to encourage exploration of the Canadian Arctic islands and to assert Canadian sovereignty in the region. That company consolidated the interests of 75 companies and individuals with Arctic Islands land holdings plus the Federal government as the major shareholder. It played an important part in the development of the petroleum industry in Canada.
 Kaufman & Broad is a publicly traded real estate development and construction company headquartered in Neuilly-sur-Seine France. It was a subsidiary of the American homebuilding company KB Home until May 2007 when it was sold to the private equity firm PAI Partners for 601 million euros (812 million dollars). It is Paris's largest homebuilder.
 The Premier Motor Manufacturing Company was organized in 1903 by George A. Weidely and Harold O. Smith in Indianapolis Indiana. The company built automobiles with air-cooled engines.
 NetZero is an Internet service provider based in Woodland Hills Los Angeles California. It is a subsidiary of United Online owner of Juno Online Services and BlueLight Internet Services.
 Westfield Bank is a community banking financial institution headquartered in Akron Ohio. Founded in 2000 the bank had over $595080000 in assets in 2012 and over 500 associates. The bank is a member of Westfield Insurance Group a regional insurance company serving customers in 31 states in United States.
 The Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport (CILT) is a professional body representing the transport and logistics industries worldwide. It is a membership based organisation with over 30000 members in over 30 countries.
 Solel Solar Systems Ltd. (Hebrew: סולל‎) is an Israeli solar thermal equipment designer and manufacturer based in Beit Shemesh Israel. Solel makes equipment for solar thermal power plants facilities that use the sun's heat to create steam and turn an electricity generator.In 2007 Solel signed a contract with Pacific Gas & Electric to supply 553 MW from its planned Mojave Solar Park California. The parabolic trough project was cancelled in 2011.
 Gehrlicher Solar AG is a German photovoltaics corporation with its registered office in Neustadt near Coburg and its administrative headquarters in Dornach near Munich. Gehrlicher Solar AG acts as a system integrator planning building financing maintaining and operating photovoltaic systems on open areas and roofs.
 High Mark Credit Information Services is credit information company based in Mumbai. It keep a record of loan repayment history on credit facilities extended to an individual across the board. This helps lenders analyse the risk profile of individuals before extending credit. This also keeps non-performing loans in check.
 ABeam Consulting an IT consulting services firm based in Japan. This company's previous name is Deloitte Tohmatsu Consulting which is a member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu: Japan branch office. After the Enron scandal this company changed its name ABeam Consulting. ABeam has operations throughout the Americas Asia and Europe.The company's primary business areas are the SAP ERP solution lease accounting internal control and M&A consulting.
 Flashpoint Studios is an independent American television film and music production company and promotional firm founded by actor Kevin Carvell in 1996.
 Neos S.p.A. is an airline based in Somma Lombardo Italy operating leisure flights to Southern Europe Russia Africa the Middle and Far East the Caribbean Mexico and Brazil most of which are out of Malpensa International Airport.
 Acumen (formerly known as Acumen Fund) is a non-profit global venture fund that uses entrepreneurial approaches to solve the problems of poverty. Its aim is to help build financially sustainable organizations that deliver affordable goods and services that improve the lives of the poor. Acumen is a 501(c)(3) organization headquartered in New York with regional offices in India Pakistan Kenya and Ghana.
 Strong Capital Management Inc was a financial services firm based in Menomonee Falls Wisconsin. During its 30-year existence it acquired other companies and expanded into the Israeli market. However it became defunct after the 2003 mutual fund scandal amid charges of improper mutual fund trading.In May 2004 the firm agreed to pay $80 million in restitution to investors and founder/CEO Richard Strong agreed to personally pay an additional $60 million.
 Hatchet House is the sub-label of independent record label Psychopathic Records based in Royal Oak Michigan in the United States which was formed in 2007 by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse.
 International Medical Group (IMG) is a conglomerate of health-related businesses headquartered in Kampala Uganda. IMG is the leading provider of private medical services in Uganda.
 DFS formerly Direct Furnishing Supplies is an international furniture retailer in the United Kingdom and Ireland which specialises in sofas and soft furnishings.
 DY Works is a global brand strategy and brand design firm headquartered in Mumbai. DY Works earlier DMA Yellow Works is a brand strategy and design consultancy formed with participating companies AliaGroup Maximus FutureBrands and Yellow. Alpana Parida is appointed President of DY Works with focus on strategy and design.
 The Virginia BioTechnology Research Park is a 34-acre commercial life sciences hub in downtown Richmond Virginia adjacent to the VCU Medical Center at Virginia Commonwealth University. The park was incorporated in 1992 and opened in 1995. It houses more than 60 public and private bioscience companies research institutes affiliated with VCU and prominent state and national medical laboratories.
 TechStars is a mentorship-driven startup accelerator founded by David Cohen Brad Feld David Brown and Jared Polis that holds 13 week programs for startups in Boulder New York City Boston Seattle San Antonio Austin and London. Fewer than 1% of the companies that apply to TechStars are accepted. Of the 114 companies that have completed its program 92% are active.
 Mātṛkā is a publishing company that was founded in 2007. It aims to celebrate and showcase the richness of Indian art and culture. Its activities range from publishing music related material to organizing music performances.The name means 'Mother of all creation' in Sanskrit and it also refers to Hindu group of goddesses called the Mātṛkās.Mātṛkā was set up by Bombay Jayashri and T.M. Krishna both performing artistes to create a new platform to present Carnatic music.
 Basement Comics is an independent comic book publisher owned by Budd Root. Basement Comics is best known for publishing the popular good-girl title Cavewoman (and all its associated specials annuals and one-shots.) A division of Amryl Entertainment Basement Comics is based in Mount Airy North Carolina and was founded in 1993.In addition to Root other creators affiliated with Basement Comics include Frank Cho Devon Massey Chad Spilker James Robert Smith Loston Wallace and Dave Columbo.
 The Churchill Machine Tool Company Limited began as the manufacturing subsidiary of the machine tool importers Charles Churchill & Company Limited founded in the early 1900s by US-born Charles Churchill (1837–1916).
 Batik Air is a scheduled Indonesian airline which made its maiden flight on May 3 2013. Batik Air bases its aircraft in Manado a city on North Sulawesi to serve East Asia and also East of Indonesia. It will compete with full-service airlines such as Garuda Indonesia. The airline is currently banned from operating in EU airspace.
 Agrupación Social Trabajadores Armeros S.A.L. (ASTAR) was a Spanish firearms company.STAR Firearms' remaining company assets were merged with Astra Firearms. The new company began making weapons under the name ASTAR.Another semi-merger an employee driven one occurred with IPAR Guns in Eibar a company which produces spare parts for some STAR and ASTRA guns and also services them. ASTAR's products have not been offered for sale in the United States.
 AB Snaigė (literally: snowflake) is a Lithuanian industrial company and the only producer of refrigerators in the Baltic countries with manufacturing plants in Alytus and Kaliningrad (Russia). It is listed on the NASDAQ OMX Vilnius stock exchange.The company established in 1963. About 95% of the production is exported to more than 30 countries.
 The World Mayors Council on Climate Change (WMCCC) is an alliance of mayors who have made a commitment to the protection of climate change.Since 2012 the Chair is Park Won-soon Mayor of Seoul South Korea. The Vice-Chair is Juergen Nimptsch Mayor of Bonn Germany.
 Farnair Switzerland AG is a Swiss airline. It operates regular express parcel services from Switzerland Germany and Italy to the main hubs in Europe. It also specialises in operations for humanitarian organisations the oil industry and other special operations. Its main base is EuroAirport Basel-Mulhouse-Freiburg. Its head office is in the Villa Guggenheim in Allschwil Basel-Landschaft.
 Frost Meadowcroft is a professional services company specialising in commercial property consultancy. Its offices are at 22 St Peter's Square former offices of Island Records and at 96 Kensington High Street. It specialises in offices and commercial property investments in the area west of west end including Paddington Kensington Chelsea Hammersmith Fulham and Chiswick.
 Paulist Productions and its sister company Paulist Pictures are production companies for religious television and film projects respectively. Paulist Productions was founded in 1960 by the Paulist priest Father Ellwood Bud Kieser to produce the religious television program Insight. Paulist Pictures was later formed for the purpose of film production creating the features Romero (1989) and Entertaining Angels: The Dorothy Day Story (1996). Fr.
 Estap A.Ş. is a company based in Istanbul Turkey specializing in the electronic enclosures industry.
 Smith and Rhuland was a shipyard located in Lunenburg Nova Scotia Canada. The yard was originally opened in 1900 and was the builder of the esteemed Bluenose. The shipyard prided itself in creating quality vessels of all shapes and sizes.
 For other uses of Esquires and the singular Esquire see Esquire (disambiguation).Esquires also known as Esquires Coffee Houses is an international coffeehouse chain based in Canada but now operating over four continents. The first branch was opened in 1993.
 Northpower Limited (Northpower) is an electricity distribution company based in Whangarei New Zealand. Northpower owns and manages the electricity lines network in the Whangarei and Kaipara districts. The service area covers 5700 km2 and extends from Topuni in the south to Bland Bay in the north.
 Schecter Guitar Research commonly known simply as Schecter is a US guitar and amplifier manufacturer. The company was founded in 1976 by David Schecter and originally produced only replacement parts for existing guitars from manufacturers such as Fender and Gibson. Today the company mass-produces its own line of electric guitars bass guitars and steel-string acoustic guitars as well as offering hand-built custom instruments and a small line of guitar amplifiers.
 Ungdom mot EU (English: Youth against the EU) is the youth organization of Nei til EU opposing a future Norwegian membership of and adaption to the European Union (EU). Their main arguments against a Norwegian membership of the EU are democracy environmental concerns and solidarity claiming that the EU undermines democratic processes damages the environment and is a hindrance for the economic growth of developing countries.
 IAG Cargo is the cargo handling division of International Airlines Group (IAG). The company was formed in April 2011 by the merger of British Airways World Cargo and Iberia Cargo. IAG had itself been formed by the merger of British Airways and Iberia (airline). BMI Cargo was also integrated into the business following IAG's purchase of British Midland International in April 2012In 2012 the operations of British Airways World Cargo and Iberia Cargo had joint turnover of €1217 million.
 Sheppard Robson (previously Richard Sheppard Robson & Partners ) is a British architecture firm founded in 1938 by Sir Richard Herbert Sheppard with offices in London Manchester Glasgow and Abu Dhabi. It was particularly influential in the 1950s-60s pioneering the use of concrete shell structures and in the present day as a leader in sustainable architecture building the UK's first net zero carbon house in 2007.
 Dorothy Lane Market is a chain of gourmet grocery stores based and located in the Dayton Ohio region. In 2001 and 2007 The Dorothy Lane Market was named one of only six Outstanding Retailers by the National Association for the Specialty Food Trade (NASFT) at the International Fancy Food Show in New York City. Annual company revenue is $69000000 and the company has just over 700 employees.
 The Lane Drug Company of Ohio (also referred to as “Lane’s Discount Drugs” or “Lane’s) was a discount drugstore chain in the United States based in Toledo Ohio. The chain was acquired by Rite Aid Corporation of Harrisburg Pennsylvania on April 10 1989 and currently operates as a division of Rite Aid under the Rite Aid banner.
 Green Bay Metro formerly known as Green Bay Transit until 2001 is the mass transit system found in the city of Green Bay Wisconsin. It also provides limited service in Ashwaubenon Allouez De Pere and Bellevue.
 Hookstone Productions was a UK-based video game development group active from 1994 until around 1998.The group members were Jason McGann Peter Tattersall Cliff Davies Ian Bowden Dave Box Justin Johnson Gordon Hall James Smart and Chris White.Gordon Hall Jason McGann Ian Bowden Dave Box and Justin Johnson left to form Mobius Entertainment in 1997.
 A&W Food Services of Canada Inc. is a Canadian fast food restaurant chain.A&W Canada was originally part of the U.S.-based A&W Restaurants chain but was sold to Unilever in 1972 and then bought out by management in 1995. It no longer has any corporate connection to A&W operations outside Canada.The Canadian operation is owned and operated by the privately held A&W Food Services of Canada Inc. based in North Vancouver British Columbia and has over 800 locations in Canada.
 Tartarus Press is an independent book publisher based near Leyburn Yorkshire UK.
 Paul Pietzschke or Paul Pietzschke NautiChem is a German corporation that produces sealants coatings and lubricants for shipbuilding. Its main office is in Norderstedt North Germany. It was founded by Paul Pietzschke in 1889 in Hamburg Germany as a chemical and technology company.
 NiSource Inc. based in Merrillville Indiana is a Fortune 500 company engaged in natural gas transmission storage and distribution as well as electric generation transmission and distribution.
 Quest International was a major producer of flavors and fragrances with sales of £560 million in 2005 before its acquisition by rival Givaudan. Quest created and marketed flavours and fragrance concepts and solutions for the fast moving consumer goods industries. With operations in 31 countries Quest made ingredients for foods snacks beverages personal care fine fragrances and home hygiene products.
 Nutanix is an enterprise storage company. Nutanix raised $101 million in a Series D round of financing in 2014 valuing the company at approximately $1 billion. It reached the $1 billion valuation in four years from its launch faster than many other companies who have reached the same valuation.
 Ziv International was a television production and distribution company founded in 1971 by Irv Holender and composer Mark Mercury. In the late 1970s and early 1980s it distributed Americanised versions of Japanese anime series and produced and distributed celebrity biographies. WorldCat recognises 83 works in 97 publications.The company was later a subsidiary of Lorimar Productions Inc.Ziv International has no relation with Ziv Television Programs (or its United Artists or MGM successors).
 Zunior.com is a Canadian online independent record label and music store started by Dave Ullrich formerly of The Inbreds in 2004.The store primarily sells digital music from independent artists in MP3 format without digital rights management protection. Most albums are sold at a price of $8.88 per album although discounted sale prices are also available on some releases. Customers also have the option of downloading music files in a lossless format (FLAC) at a slightly higher price.
 Hunter House Publishers is a publishing company based in Alameda California which was established in 1978.It is a small publishing press specializing in self-help books about health relationships abuse and sexuality.Two of its award-winning books are Look Great Live Green: Choosing Beauty Solutions That Are Planet-Safe and Budget-Smart a Benjamin Franklin Book Award winner and The Highly Intuitive Child: A Guide to Understanding and Parenting Unusually Sensitive and Empathic Children a finalist in the 2010 Benjamin Franklin Book from the Independent Book Publishers Association.
 Neptune Technologies is an industrial investor based in Paris with a history of creating and acquiring innovative technology companies and fostering worldwide development of their activities for the long term.This family holding seeks to invest in companies operating on niche markets internationally benefiting from a strong technology or brand differentiation offering solid growth potential and valued at between 4 and 80 million Euros.NT invests equity generated by prior successes.
 İhlas Haber Ajansı (IHA; English: Ihlas News Agency) is a Turkish news agency which was founded in 1993.IHA is one of the leading video news agencies in the world.
 Dualstar Entertainment Group LLC is a privately held American limited liability company owned by Ashley Olsen and Mary-Kate Olsen which produces movies TV shows magazines video games etc. Dualstar is based in New York New York.
 Vinmonopolet (English: The Wine Monopoly) symbolized by Ⓥ and colloquially shortened to polet is a government-owned alcoholic beverage retailer and the only company allowed to sell beverages containing an alcohol content higher than 4.75% in Norway.
 REFER Rede Ferroviária Nacional EP (i.e. National Railway Network) is the Portuguese rail infrastructure manager. It is a state-owned company and was created to manage the Portuguese rail infrastructure previously under control of CP which became exclusively a train service operator.
 Eclipse Aviation Corporation was the Albuquerque New Mexico-based manufacturer of the Eclipse 500 very light jet (VLJ) and also at one time proposed developing the Eclipse 400 single-engined jet.The company was founded in 1998 by former Microsoft employee Vern Raburn. Due to Raburn's relationship with Microsoft Bill Gates was a major stake-holder in the Eclipse project.Production of the Eclipse 500 was halted in mid-2008 due to lack of funding.
 NHIndustries (NHI) is a helicopter manufacturing company established in 1992 by Eurocopter of France and Germany Agusta of Italy (now AgustaWestland) and Stork Fokker Aerospace of the Netherlands.
 Public Bank Berhad (MYX: 1295) is a bank based in Malaysia. Public Bank is the biggest domestic bank in Malaysia by shareholders' funds. It focuses on retail customers and small to medium sized enterprises. The bank was founded in 1966 by Teh Hong Piow the then general manager of Malayan Banking. The bank was listed on the Malaysian Stock Exchange in 1967.
 Liberty is a department store on Regent Street based in the West End shopping district of Central London. The department store sells a wide range of luxury goods including women’s men’s and children’s fashion cosmetics and fragrances jewellery accessories homeware furniture stationery and gifts. Liberty is known for its floral and graphic prints.Liberty’s third and fourth floors showcase innovative designs from famous gifting and homeware brands.
 Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment (incorporated as Buena Vista Home Entertainment Inc. and formerly known as Buena Vista Home Video (1987-1997) and Buena Vista Home Entertainment (1997–present)) is the home video distribution division of The Walt Disney Company. Disney began distributing videos under its own label in 1978 under the name Walt Disney Home Video.
 The Ittefaq Group of Industries (English The Unity) is a multimillion dollar integrated steel producer with major operations in Punjab Province of Pakistan. This steel mill was founded and established by industrialist Muhammad Sharif father of the current Prime minister Nawaz Sharif.Muhammad Sharif along with his six brothers established a foundry in 1939.
 Air Flamenco is a DBA for AIR CHARTER INC. doing business as a commuter air service based in Puerto Rico.
 CroisiEurope (previously Alsace Croisières until 1997) is a family company that has been specialising in river and coastal cruises since 1976 and is based in Strasbourg. CroisiEurope is currently the leader in the European cruise market.
 Friedman's Inc. was a US company that owned and operated fine jewelry specialty stores under the names Friedman's Jewelers and Crescent Jewelers. The company declared bankruptcy in 2008 and had shuttered all stores by June 2008. The company was established in Savannah Georgia in 1920. Friedman's Inc. was headquartered in Addison Texas. They were the third largest jewelry company in the US.
 Minted is an American online retailer based in San Francisco California that crowd-sources design from independent artists and sells the designs as high-end paper goods including holiday cards wedding invitations wall art party decor and stationery.
 Régional Compagnie Aérienne Européenne or Régional for short was a subsidiary airline wholly owned by Air France which connects hubs at Paris Lyon to 49 airports in Europe. The airline operated in Air France livery retaining its name in small titles and logo on the front fuselage and engines. It became the first European operator of the Embraer 190 aircraft in November 2006. It was headquartered in Bouguenais at the Nantes Atlantique Airport.
 Nippon Soda Co. Ltd. is a Japanese company. It manufactures chemicals agrochemicals and pharmaceuticals. It is listed on the Nikkei 225.
 Emperor Capital Group Limited (英皇證券集團有限公司) founded in 1993 has been listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong since April 2007. Its parent company is Albert Yeung’s (楊受成) Emperor Group. The company provides financial services including brokerage services for securities bonds funds futures options and derivative products that are traded both in Hong Kong and overseas as well as corporate finance advisory and wealth management services.
 Flipside was a punk rock fanzine published in Los Angeles California from 1977 to 2000.As one of the first and longest running U.S. punk rock fanzines this publication extensively chronicled the world of independent and underground music during this era. Known for its highly opinionated cast of writers Flipside evolved from cheaply printed to glossy covers. Their articles extended to coverage of the UFO phenomenon drugs and independent film.
 Proenza Schouler /proʊˌɛnzə ˈskuːlər/ is a New York based womenswear and accessories brand founded in 2002 by designers Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez. The duo met while studying at Parsons School of Design collaborating on their senior thesis which would eventually become their first collection as Proenza Schouler. The collection was bought in its entirety by Barneys New York.
 Real and Smooth Limited formerly GMG Radio is a company which owns the Real Radio and Smooth Radio networks. As GMG Radio the company was the radio division of the Guardian Media Group until it was bought in 2012 by Global Radio however pending regulatory review of the merger the company is being run as a separate entity.The group is based in Laser House Salford Quays in Greater Manchester.
 Constructions Aéronautiques Émile Dewoitine was a French aircraft manufacturer established by Émile Dewoitine at Toulouse in October 1920. The company's initial products were a range of metal parasol-wing fighters which were largely ignored by the French Air Force but purchased in large quantities abroad and licence-built in Italy Switzerland and Czechoslovakia.
 Kazzinc is a Kazakhstani mining company founded in 1997 when a majority stake was privatised to Swiss commodity trader Glencore. It has 6 mines and several smelters and produces zinc lead and copper and also has interests in gold and silver mining.Kazzinc sponsors Kazzinc-Torpedo a Kazakhstani ice hockey team.
 Vintage Stock is an entertainment retailer. The company headquartered in Joplin Missouri operates 44 retail stores throughout the United States.Retail stores operate primarily under the Vintage Stock name as well as the Movie Trading Company/ Movie Trading Co. name (MTC stores are the Texas division of Vintage Stock). Vintage Stock sells video games DVDs CDs LPs comic books toys sports cards and other related merchandise.
 ILD Teleservices (a division of ILD Corp.) is a clearing house for LEC billing and alternative payment options such as e-checks ACH and micro payments. ILD performs payment processing services for communications companies digital content providers and other online vendors in North America. Founded in 1996 the company is headquartered in Ponte Vedra Florida.
 Cairo International Bank (CIB) is a commercial bank in Uganda. It is one of the financial institutions licensed by Bank of Uganda the central bank and national banking regulator.
 Caverswall China is a British pottery manufacturing firm that was founded in 1973. Based in Stoke-on-Trent the company specializes in the manufacture of fine bone china in the English tradition.The firm caters to the requirements of the upper segment of the market.In January 2008 the company was granted the Royal Warrant by the Prince of Wales.
 Prolintas or Projek Lintasan Kota Holdings Sdn Bhd is the second largest Highway Concessionaries or Build-Operate-Transfer (BOT) operator company in Malaysia after PLUS Expressways. Prolintas is wholly owned by Permodalan Nasional Berhad (PNB).
 Turcan Connell is a Scottish legal firm working exclusively with individuals families and charities. It has offices in Edinburgh Glasgow London and Guernsey. Founded in 1997 from the private client unit of Dundas & Wilson one of the oldest and largest firms in Scotland it is widely considered the country's premier private client firm. Its 2011 turnover was £22.3m. The Lawyer magazine put the firm at number ninety-four on its list of the largest UK firms by 2010 turnover.
 Founded in 1981 in Toronto by two United Church [1] ministers and two lay people Bridgehead is a small fair trade coffeehouse chain which now has fifteen outlets in Ottawa Canada. In addition to coffee and organic teas it sells snacks as well as soups and salads made in its own kitchen. In November 2006 Bridgehead was again voted Ottawa’s “Best Coffee/Tea House” by readers of Ottawa XPress a widely read lifestyle weekly. Bridgehead also sells coffee by mail through its website.
 GlobalTrade.net is run by FITA Online the online global trade services division of the Federation of International Trade Associations (FITA) together with partners the United States Commercial Service UK Trade & Investment Hong Kong Trade Development Council (HKTDC) ThomasNet Alibaba.com Kompass and other import/export partner organizations.
 Junior's is a restaurant at 386 Flatbush Avenue Extension at the corner of DeKalb Avenue in Downtown Brooklyn New York City. The restaurant also has a location inside Grand Central Terminal in Midtown Manhattan one in the Times Square area and one in the lobby of the MGM Grand Hotel in the Foxwoods Resort in Ledyard Connecticut. The restaurant was founded by Harry Rosen in 1950.
 Kapiti Fine Foods Ltd part of the Fonterra group is a New Zealand company producing gourmet cheeses ice cream yoghurts and other dairy products for domestic consumption and for export. It takes its name from its original site at Lindale on the Kapiti coast. It has factories in Paraparaumu and Palmerston North. It began production in 1984.
 The Feral Brewing Company is an award winning microbrewery located in the Swan Valley Western Australia an area more well known for its wineries than breweries.
 NBTY Inc. formerly known as Nature's Bounty Inc. is an American manufacturer of vitamins and nutritional supplements which are distributed under many third party brands in the United States and internationally. Its name was changed from Nature's Bounty Inc. to NBTY Inc. in 1995. NBTY also markets products to chain stores such as CVS and Target.
 Yamato Transport Co. Ltd. (ヤマト運輸株式会社 Yamato Un'yu Kabushiki Kaisha TYO: 9064; listing is as Yamato Holdings) is Japan's largest door-to-door delivery service companies with market share of 41% competing closely with Sagawa Express and Nippon Express.
 Joh. Berenberg Gossler & Co. commonly known as Berenberg Bank and branded as Berenberg is a German multinational financial institution headquartered in Hamburg primarily a merchant bank and a private bank. It is the world's oldest merchant bank the world's second oldest bank overall and the oldest German bank.The bank was founded in Hamburg in 1590 by Hans and Paul Berenberg brothers from Antwerp in modern Belgium.
 Regal Recordings is a British record label functioning as an imprint of Parlophone Records.
 Hummer was a brand of trucks and SUVs first marketed in 1992 when AM General began selling a civilian version of the M998 Humvee. In 1998 General Motors (GM) purchased the brand name and marketed three vehicles: the original Hummer H1 based on the Humvee; and the H2 and H3 models that were based on smaller civilian-market GM platforms.By 2008 Hummer's viability in the economic downturn was being questioned and it was placed under review by GM management.
 Yahoo! Inc. is an American multinational Internet corporation headquartered in Sunnyvale California. It is globally known for its Web portal search engine Yahoo Search and related services including Yahoo Directory Yahoo Mail Yahoo News Yahoo Finance Yahoo Groups Yahoo Answers advertising online mapping video sharing fantasy sports and its social media website. It is one of the most popular sites in the United States.
 EPoX was a manufacturer of motherboards video cards and communication products. They manufactured mainboards for AMD and Intel processors which were renowned for being overclocker-friendly yet affordable. Many of their products used the same StudlyCaps naming convention as the company itself.
 Dominion Enterprises is a Norfolk Virginia-based media and information services company for the automotive and commercial vehicle real estate apartment rental employment and travel industries. It has Internet and printed media operations.
 Wagon Pars is an Iranian train manufacturing company established in 1974 in Arak Iran.Products include locomotives trains metros freight and fuel wagons and equipment for passenger boarding of aircraft.
 Mighty-O is a vegan and organic donut company that started in May 2000. The main cafe is located in the Keystone Building in Tangletown part of Seattle's Wallingford neighborhood that lies north of N 50th Street near Green Lake.In 2010 Bon Appetit Magazine named Mighty-O one of the ten best donut shops in the United States. It also received a $10000 prize for the best donuts in the televised Food Network Challenge: Donut Champions filmed in November 2010.
 Asmara Brewery (formerly Melotti Brewery) was the first brewery in Eritrea. It was founded in 1939 by Luigi Melotti. The brewery was nationalized by the Derg during the Eritrean War of Independence and was then inherited by the Government of Eritrea. Ownership in the brewery is shared between investors and the Government of Eritrea. As of 1998 its factory exported up to 40% of production with the remainder being domestically consumed.
 Vicious Vinyl is a record label based in Melbourne Australia. The label was started in the late 1980s in Frankston by aspirant producer/DJs Andy Van and John Course.They released a number of local artists including Ground Level Bubbleman and Pendulum to major club scene acclaim.
 Hokuetsu Paper Mills is a Japanese paper milling company. It was established in 1907.
 Cinepoly Records (新藝寶) is a Hong Kong-based record label founded in 1985. It was a subsidiary of PolyGram Records and the film company Cinema City.
 FAW Jilin (吉林) is a subsidiary of the First Automobile Works and a maker of mini vehicles small trucks and vans that see commercial use. It is located in Jilin City Jilin province China.Founded in 1980 FAW purchased Jilin in 1987. Since October 2005 it was in a joint venture with Daihatsu Motor Co. of Japan but this was dissolved in January 2010. Jilin retains production rights to the vehicles built and also retains the production facilities.
 Sungale Group Inc is a professional manufacturer of consumer electronics headquartered in Chino CA with its production facilities in Shenzhen China.
 Temple Street Productions is a Canadian television film and digital media production company based in Toronto Ontario Canada.Past and present Temple Street projects include Orphan Black The Next Step Being Erica Wingin' It Billable Hours Queer as Folk Darcy's Wild Life Canada's Next Top Model How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria? Style Her Famous Spoiled Rotten Mr.
 Illusive Group is an independent Australian record label and touring company that represents acts including Bliss n Eso Lowrider Paris Wells Downsyde Metals True Live Diafrix and X&Hell.
 Atomic (officially Atomic Austria GmbH) is an Austrian company that manufactures and sells skiing equipment (skis ski boots bindings helmets ski poles goggles and protective equipment) under different brand names. Atomic is also a well-known manufacturer of alpine skis.
 Tip Top Bakeries is an Australasian manufacturer of bread products owned by George Weston Foods a subsidiary of multinational food giant Associated British Foods.
 Radar Recordings is a Boston Massachusetts-based independent record label co-founded in 2002 by Will Benoit and Michael Repasch-Nieves. The label is entirely financed and maintained by the artists on the label themselves.The label's independent releases have collectively attracted over 20000 listeners on the music website Last.fm.
 Sogebank formally known as Société générale haïtienne de Banque S.A. (Haitian Banking Corporation) is one of Haiti's three largest commercial banks. It was formed on November 8 1985 when the Royal Bank of Canada sold its Haiti-based operations to a group of Haitian investors. It acquired Banque intercontinentale de Commerce (BIDC) in November 1998 and the failing Banque de Promotion commerciale et industrielle (Promobank) in September 2006.
 Herley Industries based in Lancaster Pennsylvania is an American company that specializes in supplying microwave and millimeter wave products to defense and aerospace industries. They provide solutions for radars flight instrumentation weapon sensors electronic warfare systems and guidance systems for contractors the U.S. government as well as governments and militaries worldwide.
 Lofton Creek Records is an United States country music record label launched in 2002 by Harold and Vicky Shafer along with Mike and Martha Borchetta. The label is based in Nashville Tennessee. In 2003 they also distributed the Big Al label which was founded by country singer J. Michael Harter.The label achieved a number 1 single on the Hot Country Songs charts in 2006 with Heartland's I Loved Her First.
 Manufacturers Hanover Corporation not to be confused with Manufacturers National Corporation was the bank holding company formed as parent of Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company a large New York bank formed by a merger in 1961. After 1969 Manufacturers Hanover Trust became a subsidiary of Manufacturers Hanover Corporation. Charles J.
 Cepstral is a provider of speech synthesis technology and services. It was founded by leading scientists from Carnegie Mellon University including computer scientists Kevin Lenzo and Alan W. Black in June 2000. It is a privately held corporation with headquarters in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.
 Transdev Shorelink was an Australian bus company operating services in the northern suburbs of Sydney. It was a division of Transdev. In 2014 Transdev Shorelink was absorbed into Transdev NSW.
 Talis Group Ltd. is a software company based in Birmingham England that develops software for Higher Education. They were previously involved in development of library management software and a Semantic Web application platform. In 2005 Talis was voted one of the top ICT Employers in the United Kingdom.
 Eletronuclear (Eletrobrás Termonuclear S/A) is a nuclear power company which was established in 1997 in Brazil. It operates Angra Nuclear Power Plant. Eletronuclear is a wholly owned subsidiary of Eletrobrás.
 M.A. Kharafi & Sons (Mohammed Abdel mohsen Al-Kharafi & Sons WLL Arabic: مجموعة الخرافي) is a private company based in Kuwait with a variety of commercial interests and revenues for 2006 estimated at USD$3.3 billion.[citation needed] The company was run by Nasser Al-Kharafi until his death in 2011.
 MD Discount is an Italian global discount supermarket chain based in Gricignano di Aversa Italy- It belongs to the holding company Selex Gruppe.
 CrossHarbor Capital Partners is an American investment firm specializing in private equity based in Boston. CrossHarbor Capital Partners develops and manages private equity investment products in three principal business areas: real assets distressed securities and mezzanine capital. In 2011 Rocaton Investment Advisors reported CrossHarbor had assets in excess of $1 billion under management diversified over a half dozen distinct funds.
 Canopus Co. Ltd. was a manufacturer of video editing cards and video editing software. The company's focus shifted from enthusiast video cards to other areas of video hardware and software after the release of their Spectra line of products. Some of their previous competitors included Matrox and Pinnacle Systems.
 Lakshmi Machine Works Limited (LMW) is India's largest textile machinery and CNC Machine Tool manufacturers based in Coimbatore founded by Cavalier Dr.G.K.Devarajulu. It started its operation in 1962 in Periyanaickenpalayam in Coimbatore city with technical collaboration with Swiss based textile machinery manufacturer Rieter for textile machines and German based Steel and Ammunition major Krupp.
 Fleetwings later Kaiser-Fleetwings was an American aircraft company of the 1930s and 1940s.
 Asobo Studio is a French video game development company based in Bordeaux France that was founded in 2002 by 12 experimented video game developers. The studio has developed 13 video games for both consoles and PC including video game adaptations of Pixar movies: Toy Story 3 Ratatouille Up and WALL-E.
 21C Media Group is an independent New York City-based public relations new media marketing and consulting firm specializing in classical music and the performing arts. The company represents a roster of individual artists arts organizations media entities and record labels. 21C Media Group offers various promotional services including publicity digital marketing video production and consulting.
 Preventice Inc. formerly known as Boost Information Systems Inc. was founded in 2007 by Jonathan Otterstatter Scott Burrichter Greg Wobig and Dan Spors. The company has headquarters in Rochester MN The company develops mobile to cloud-based health technologies for smartphone tablets and the web.
 Gustobene is an online gourmet food website that sells imported gourmet Italian foods.
 ELGIN is a roadworks and transport information portal which is the largest roadworks and diversions information service in the UK. Uniquely integrating information from hundreds of local highways authorities as well as national Agencies its services are available on an open and free to view website at roadworks.org and on mobile devices and SatNav navigation systems.
 Infopulse Ukraine LLC commonly known as Infopulse is a Ukrainian software development and IT outsourcing company headquartered in Kiev Ukraine. According to the organization's website as of 2012 Infopulse has approximately 850 staff delivering software development and testing development of mobile applications and software systems implementation and integration IT infrastructure management and consulting services.
 Nail Communications (commonly referred to as Nail) is an independently owned American advertising agency headquartered in Providence Rhode Island. Nail was named 2013 Northeast Small Agency of the Year by AdAge.
 Shuto Expressway (首都高速道路 Shuto Kōsoku Dōro lit. Metropolitan Expressway) is a network of toll expressways in the Greater Tokyo Area of Japan. It is operated and maintained by the Metropolitan Expressway Co. Ltd. (首都高速道路株式会社 Shuto Kōsoku Dōro Kabushiki-gaisha). Most routes are grade-separated (elevated roads or tunnels) and central routes have many sharp curves and multi-lane merges which require caution to drive safely.
 Waap Entertainment (ワープエンタテインメント Waapu Entateinmento) is a Japanese adult video production company with headquarters in the Shinjuku Building Shinjuku Tokyo.
 Agrale is a Brazilian manufacturer of military vehicles motorcycles scooters commercial vehicles engines and agricultural tractors. It is based in Caxias do Sul in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. Established in 1962 the brand's current model line-up consists of the Marrua SUV and pick-up truck. Tractors include both self-developed models and ones based on Zetor designs.
 Pelter Winery (Hebrew: יקב פלטר‎) is an Israeli winery established in 2005 by Tal Pelter. Headquartered in Tzofit the winery itself is located in Ein Zivan an Israeli settlement and Kibbutz in the Golan Heights.
 Crescent Point Energy Corp. is an oil and gas company based in Calgary Alberta Canada. The company focuses primarily on crude oil production in southern Saskatchewan. As of year-end 2012 Crescent Point employed 303 people. Crescent Point's 2011 capital expenditures budget has been set at C$800 million.
 The Amelia Park facilities are located in Westfield Massachusetts USA. The Amelia Park Ice Rink is the only ice rink in Westfield. The main building is a 47000-square-foot (4400 m2) facility a figure skating lounge three party rooms a skate rental and sharpening area four locker rooms and a food concession area. A 65' x 170' outside inline skating rink is located next to the main building. The $6 million facility was created by Albert Ferst in memory of his late wife Amelia.
 London Country South East was a bus operator in South-East England. It was formed in 1986 from the break-up of London Country Bus Services and was known as Kentish Bus for most of its existence. Its operations are now part of Arriva Southern Counties.
 Star Perú formerly called Star Up is an airline based at Jorge Chávez International Airport in Lima Peru. It is a scheduled airline operating passenger and cargo flights within Peru. The carrier only flies domestic routes in Peru and one short international flight to the Brazilian Amazon from its base in Lima.
 Parke & Ronen is a fashion company and brand founded by fashion designers Parke Lutter and Ronen Jehezkel. Its collection includes menswear and men’s swim collection offering shirts pants shorts sportswear footwear and accessories. The brand has its own New York and Los Angeles boutiques but is sold in top stores in the United States and internationally. Ronen Jehezkel attained his degree in Alta Moda from Istituto Europeo di Design in Italy.
 Transwest Air is a scheduled and charter airline primarily serving the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. Its headquarters and main base is at Prince Albert.Transwest was formed in 2000 by the merger of two existing airlines: Air Sask (La Ronge Aviation) and Athabaska Airways.Transwest's current equipment includes a number of bush planes and helicopters plus three Saab 340 regional turboprop airliners. The company also operates La Ronge Water Aerodrome Stony Rapids Water Aerodrome.
 Nanobiotix is a nanomedicine company dedicated to the development of new treatments for cancer based on the combined application of nanotechnologies and biotechnologies. The company is based in Paris.
 Touchstone Pictures is an American production company and one of several film distribution banners of The Walt Disney Studios owned by The Walt Disney Company. Established on February 16 1983 by then-Disney CEO Ron W.
 The Moscow City Telephone Network (Russian: Московская городская телефонная сеть) is a publicly held utility providing local telephone service to over 4000000 subscribers in the city of Moscow Russia. Its Latin acronym is MGTS.
 Golden Circle is a subsidiary of US-based Heinz Corporation based in Brisbane Queensland. Its main operations are food processing.
 Sharp Chula Vista Medical Center is most comprehensive medical center in Chula Vista California in the United States. Founded in 1979 Sharp Chula Vista is part of Sharp HealthCare a San Diego health care company. Sharp Chula Vista features 343 beds including 100 skilled nursing beds and 9 neonatal intensive care unit beds.
 Stites & Harbison is a law practice with offices in Louisville Lexington and Frankfort Kentucky; Jeffersonville Indiana; Nashville and Franklin Tennessee; Atlanta Georgia; and Alexandria Virginia. U.S. News & World Report and Best Lawyers listed Stites & Harbison among America's Top 25 Law Firms in First Tier Ratings.[citation needed]Tracing its origins to 1832 Stites & Harbison is one of the oldest law practices in the nation.
 Hyderabad Information Technology and Engineering Consultancy City abbreviated as HITEC City is a major technology township which is at the centre of the information technology industry in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India.HITEC City is spread across 151 acres (61 ha) of land under suburbs of Madhapur Gachibowli Kondapur Manikonda and Nanakramguda.The project was commissioned initially with L&T ECC and was named L&T INFOCITY.The Project is being developed by Larsen and Toubro Limited through its Special Purpose Vehicle L&T Hitech City Limited a joint venture company of L&T Infocity Limited and Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation Limited.The project is spread over 30 acres (12 ha) of land and is located right opposite to Gannavaram airport. 
 ArenaPAL is a UK company based in Central London which specialises in the licensing of performing arts images both in the UK and throughout the world. Its collection falls under the main categories of opera theatre classical and contemporary music classical and contemporary dance as well as educational imagery covering all categories. It has a library of 3 million images with over 350000 currently view-able online.
 Booyah is a social web and mobile entertainment company. The development team draws its experience from the consumer web and social gaming space and entertainment studios such as Blizzard Entertainment Activision EA and Insomniac Games. Booyah is financed by Accel Partners and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers iFund.
 Kontron AG is a German-based multinational company which designs and manufactures embedded computer modules boards and systems.Kontron AG serves OEMs system integrators and application providers of different market segments (amongst others: Industrial Automation Communications Transportation Test & Measurement Medical Governmental). Kontron develops manufactures and sells its products worldwide. Kontron is a Premier Member of the Intel Embedded Alliance.
 China Futures Corporation Limited founded on March 16 1993 is one of the major futures brokerage companies in China. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of China Securities Corporation Limited with its own Board of Directors and Board of Supervisors.
 For the Canadian label of the same name see Falcon Records (Canadian label)Falcon Records (1957–1958) was a sub-label of Vee-Jay Records.As there was another label with the same name it was changed to Abner Records.
 Creative Vibes is a record label that sources signs and releases local Australian acts.
 Derichebourg is a French company which mainly provides recycling and maintenance services to businesses and communities in 31 countries on 4 continents. Its head office is in the 12th arrondissement of Paris.
 Nu Skin Enterprises is an American direct selling and multilevel marketing company which develops and sells personal care products and dietary supplements (under the Pharmanex brand). Nu Skin was founded in 1984 in Provo Utah. The company originated in the U.S. and began its first international operation in Canada in 1990. One year later the company began operations in Asia with the opening of Hong Kong. In 1996 the company listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
 Magical Company ltd. (魔法株式会社) also known as Mahō is a Japanese entertainment company.
 Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone Limited (APSEZ) is India’s largest private multi-port operator. APSEZ is a part of the Adani Group a global integrated infrastructure player. The company (earlier known as Mundra Port & Special Economic Zone Ltd) changed its name to Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone Limited effective 6 January 2012.
 Aircel is an Indian mobile network operator headquartered in Chennai which offers voice & data services ranging from postpaid and prepaid plans 2G and 3G services Broadband Wireless Access (BWA) Long Term Evolution (LTE) to Value-Added-Services (VAS).
 Lucas Bols B.V. is a privately held Dutch company in the business of production distribution sales and marketing of alcoholic beverages. It is the oldest distillery brand in the world. Its brand portfolio consists of Bols Galliano Vaccari Pisang Ambon Gold Strike and a large group of Dutch genevers and liqueurs. It produces about 3 million cases a year with yearly revenues exceeding 95 million euros.
 Eurosam GIE is a European manufacturer of anti-air missiles. Eurosam was established in June 1989 for the development of the Famille de missiles Sol-Air Futurs (Future Surface-to-Air Family of missiles or FSAF). Eurosam was initially a joint venture between Aérospatiale Alenia and Thomson-CSF. Now Aérospatiale is a part of MBDA (more precisely of the French branch of MBDA) and Missile and Missile Systems activities of Alenia are now the Italian branch of MBDA.
 Banque Populaire du Rwanda SA (BPR) is a commercial bank in Rwanda. The bank is one of the commercial banks in the Republic of Rwanda licensed by National Bank of Rwanda the national banking regulator.
 Byrne Construction Services (Thos. S. Byrne Ltd.) is a Fort Worth Texas based construction company providing construction manager and general contractor services. In addition to its Fort Worth headquarters Byrne has offices in Dallas San Antonio and Austin.
 Niagara Region Transit is a regional public transit system operating in the Niagara Region of Ontario. Unlike other regional transit systems in the province Niagara Region Transit operates with rather than replaces the existing municipal transit systems operating in the region by connecting them together.Service commenced the morning of September 12th 2011 and costs $6 per intercity trip including transfer between two local municipal transit services.
 Anacomp Inc. is an American company that specializes in computer services and document management. It was founded in Indianapolis Indiana in 1968 by three Purdue University professors but is now headquartered in Chantilly Virginia. The name Anacomp is a combination of the words ANAlyze and COMPute. Since its inception Anacomp has made many acquisitions and spin-offs and has entered and exited different lines of business.
 Krause Publications is a publisher of leisure-time & enthusiast magazines and books. Best known for its Standard Catalog of World Coins a series of numismatic catalogs commonly referred to as Krause-Mishler catalogues or simply Krause catalogues. They provide information pricing and Krause-Mishler (KM) numbers referring to coin rarity and value. Krause-Mishler releases a yearly catalogue of world coins with values and KM numbers.
 DefSTAR Records Inc. (株式会社デフスターレコーズ Kabushiki-gaisha Defusutā Rekōzu) is a Japanese record label a subsidiary of Sony Music Japan.
 Reynolds Securities was a publicly traded brokerage firm. Founded in 1931 by Richard S. Reynolds Jr. the firm was acquired by Dean Witter & Co. in 1978.The firm's motto We work for a world of investors. One at a time. was adapted into the tagline We measure success one investor at a time. The latter slogan was used by Dean Witter and later Morgan Stanley.
 Flamel Technologies SA (NASDAQ:FLML) a specialty pharmaceutical company was set up in 1990 and now is based in Lyon France. The company sells therapeutic products under FDA-audited GMP guidelines through its own drug pipeline platforms Medusa and Micropump. FDA-audited GMP guidelines in France and United States.
 Riverside Transit Agency (RTA) is a joint powers agency that provides public transportation in western Riverside County California United States. It operates more than 300 vehicles on 36 local fixed routes eight long-distance CommuterLink express bus routes and Dial-A-Ride service. RTA was established on August 15 1975 and began operating bus service on March 16 1977.
 Technopromexport (Russian: Технопромэкспорт) is a Russian engineering company that builds energy facilities in Russia and abroad including hydropower thermal geo-thermal and diesel power plants power lines and electricity substations. The company was formed in 1955 and was transformed into a joint stock company in April 2006.[citation needed] The company's charter capital is 15.7 billion rubles.[citation needed] The company is headquartered in Moscow.
 IMS Associates Inc. or IMSAI was a microcomputer company responsible for one of the earliest successes in personal computing the IMSAI 8080. The company was founded in 1973 by William Millard and was based in San Leandro California. Their first product launch was the IMSAI 8080 in 1975. One of the company's subsidiaries was the ill-fated ComputerLand.
 Odyssey Marine Exploration Inc. is an American company engaged in the salvage of deep-water shipwrecks. Odyssey salvaged the U.S. Civil War era shipwreck of the SS Republic in 2003 and recovered over 50000 coins and 14000 artifacts from the site nearly 1700 feet deep. Odyssey has several shipwreck projects in various stages of development around the world including the codenamed Black Swan Project.
 Seattle Genetics is a pharmaceutical company which focuses on developing monoclonal antibody based treatments for use against cancer.
 Educational Testing Service (ETS) founded in 1947 is the world's largest private nonprofit educational testing and assessment organization.
 HealthMarkets Inc. is a holding company formerly known as UICI with its headquarters in North Richland Hills Texas. The Chesapeake life Insurance Company an insurance subsidiary of HealthMarkets offers supplemental insurance products and selected life insurance products through independent sales agents. HealthMarkets Inc.
 Meenakshi Mission Hospital and Research Centre (MMHRC) is a charity hospital and one of the major healthcare provider based in the south Indian city of Madurai Tamil Nadu. The hospital which is managed by S.R. Trust is a non-profit organization registered under the Indian Trust Act ( May 9 1985). It was started in 1990 and have made great achievements in the medical field.
 XOX Berhad(MYX: 0165) DBA XOX is a mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) and SIM-free 2nd mobile number application provider in Malaysia it is the first and only public listed MVNO in Malaysia. It uses the Celcom 2G and 3G network and was allocated the mobile number prefix of 010 by the MCMC. In year 2013 XOX launches XOX-Lifestyle a business mobile plan and ONE XOX a cheapest plan for Malaysians.
 Howard Books is a Christian publishing company founded in 1969 and previously based in West Monroe Louisiana but which relocated to Brentwood Tennessee in September 2009. Howard Books publishes Christian inspirational content.
 Strem Chemicals Inc. is a privately held company specializing in fine chemicals in Newburyport Massachusetts United States. It was established in 1964 by Michael Strem who remains president. While Michael Strem was a graduate student he spent time in Dr. Irving Wender's laboratory learning to synthesize and use cobalt carbonyl. They discussed setting up a chemical company which resulted in Strem Chemicals.
 The Part-Time Scientists became the first German team to officially enter the Google Lunar X-Prize competition on June 24 2009. Their goal is to reach the moon before the Lunar X-Prize deadline of December 31 2015.
 Groupement Aérien Sénégalais is the governmental airline of Senegal based in Dakar. Its main base is Dakar-Yoff-Léopold Sédar Senghor International Airport.
 GOME Electrical Appliances Holding Limited (国美电器 in Chinese)(SEHK: 493) is one of the largest privately owned electrical appliance retailers in Mainland China and Hong Kong. It was founded by Wong Kwong Yu (Huang Guangyu) a Chinese businessman in Beijing in 1987. Its brand name GOME was first adopted in 1993. Since 1999 it has developed outside Beijing and established retail outlets in other China cities. It was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2004.
 KIND Healthy Snacks (KIND) is a natural foods company based in New York New York. The brand was introduced in 2004 by Daniel Lubetzky and currently manufactures two lines of whole nut and fruit bars made from natural ingredients.
 Vineyard Vines is an American clothing and accessory retailer founded in 1998 on Martha's Vineyard by brothers Shep and Ian Murray. The brand started with ties but has since incorporated hats belts shirts shorts and bags for men women and children and has grown to have several retail stores and outlets along the East Coast.
 Crealogix is a software company based in Zurich Switzerland which provides software solutions in the fields of digital banking e-payments and e-learning. Crealogix focuses on the financial industry.As of early 2014 the company had over 250 employees and generates an annual revenue of approximately 50M CHF. It is traded on the SIX Swiss Exchange as Crealogix Holding AG. Crealogix has offices in Switzerland (Zurich Berne Bubikon) and Germany (Stuttgart Munich).
 Golden Star Brewery is a brewery based in Asmara Eritrea. It was founded in 2004.
 Qvale (/kəˈvɑːli/ kə-VAHL-ee) was an independent Italian car manufacturer founded in 2000 by the American Kjell Qvale's son Bruce Qvale. Qvale's sole product was the Mangusta originally the De Tomaso Biguà. Kjell Qvale founded British Motors in 1947 in San Francisco California and is very well known in the automotive community.
 Steel Dynamics Inc. (SDI) is a steel producer based in Fort Wayne Indiana and the fifth largest producer of carbon steel products in United States. Over sixty percent of the company’s steel shipments are flat-rolled sheet steel and the remainder is long products (bars and beams) and fabricated products.
 Vehículos Automotores Mexicanos S.A. (VAM) was a Mexican automaker from 1946 to 1989. The original organization a distributor and license manufacturer for Willys-Overland and AMC vehicles became government controlled in 1963 with American Motors Corporation (AMC) holding a minority interest. The company imported and produced automobiles and light trucks under license from Willys AMC Eagle Jeep Chrysler Renault and designed their own vehicles based on AMC and GM platforms.
 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television (commonly known as MGM Television and later MGM/UA Television among other names) is an American television production/distribution launched in 1955 and a subsidiary of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.From 2005–2006 MGM television programs were distributed by Sony Pictures Television (as a result from a Sony-led consortium buying MGM). Since May 31 2006 MGM Television has resumed sole production and distribution of its programs on television.
 Yeh! for Games / YehforGames.com is an American online servicing company that provides MMORPG gaming services for busy professionals and students who are seeking alternative methods by which to level and equip their online game characters. It is the first American gaming company of its kind to serve those in the online video gaming community. The primary massively multiplayer online game serviced is Blizzard Entertainment's mega-popular World of Warcraft but they serve other games as well.
 viagogo is an online ticket marketplace for buying and selling live event tickets. The Swiss company which was established in London in 2006 but now has its headquarters in Geneva operates local language websites in nearly 50 countries.
 APN News & Media Limited is an Australian and New Zealand media company. Divisions include newspaper publishing online publishing broadcast radio and outdoor advertising in Australia and New Zealand. The Irish company Independent News & Media has an approximately 30% stake in the company.
 NouvEON (officially NouvEON Technology Partners) is an employee-owned Management Consulting and Information Technology Consulting firm. NouvEON offers strategic- and project-based management consulting services to improve business performance for their clients. Headquartered in Charlotte North Carolina NouvEON also has offices in Raleigh North Carolina and professional consultants in Philadelphia Pennsylvania; Baltimore Maryland; Minneapolis Minnesota; and Houston TX.
 Reliance Institute of Life Sciences (RILS) established by Dhirubhai Ambani Foundation is an institution of higher education in various fields of life sciences and related technologies.
 Twisted Nerve Records is a Manchester England-based record label. It is most well known for being the home of the singer-songwriter Badly Drawn Boy who co-founded the label with Andy Votel.
 Shandong Heavy Industry Group Co. Ltd. is a Chinese multinational heavy machinery and automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Jinan Shandong. Shandong Heavy Industry has four listed companies: Weichai Power (2338HK/000338SZ) Weichai Heavy-Duty Machinery (000880SZ) Yaxing Bus (600213SH) and Shantui Machinery (000680SZ).
 Geiger is a 5th generation advertising specialties company with more than 500 employees and more than 550 sales representatives. It is the industry's largest family-owned and family-managed distributorship and is based in Lewiston Maine.Initially named Geiger Brothers it was founded in Newark New Jersey in 1878 spanning 5 generations and three centuries.
 Jensen Steam Engines is a manufacturer of model/toy steam engines located in Jeannette PA USA. Established in 1932 by Tom Jensen Sr. They are still making steam engines using traditional technology and methods.
 Dotmatics is a scientific informatics company focusing on data management analysis and visualization. Founded in 2005 the company’s headquarters are in Bishops Stortford Hertfordshire England and has two US offices in San Diego CA and Woburn MA. Dotmatics provides software to half of the world's 20 largest drugmakers.
 CustomerXPs is a provider of Customer Experience Management and Enterprise Fraud Management software and services. Founded by Rivi Varghese Aditya lal Balaji Suryanarayna and Sandhya V in 2006. CustomerXPs has received $4M funding in the 1st round from JAFCO It markets primarily to banking retail and telecom enterprises. Its flagship product suite is Clari5 which consists of over 20 individual products. The company was named a Cool Vendor by Gartner 2012.
 The Morgan Iron Works was a 19th-century manufacturing plant for marine steam engines located in New York City United States. Originally founded as T. F. Secor & Co. in 1838 the plant was later taken over and renamed by one of its original investors Charles Morgan.The Morgan Iron Works remained a leading manufacturer of marine engines throughout the 19th century producing at least 144 in the period between 1838 and 1867 including 23 for U.S.
 The Penn State Lunar Lion Team is a team of Penn State students and faculty combined with engineers from the Penn State Applied Research Laboratory that have taken on the Google Lunar X Prize challenge. The team hopes to develop and land their spacecraft the Lunar Lion on the Moon by 2015. The launch is planned for July.
 TaxAudit.com is the public brand name of American tax firm TaxResources Inc. which specializes in income tax audit representation otherwise known as audit defense. TaxResources Inc. was founded in 1988. The firm became the exclusive provider of Intuit Corporation’s TurboTax Audit Defense in 1999. TaxAudit.com is the largest audit defense firm in the country and has been in operation for over 20 years.
 Soulfood Music Distribution GmbH is a German company distributing music and computer games (PC software and console) as well as related merchandise products. The company's distribution deals usually cover Germany Austria and Switzerland (G/A/S).
 e.Republic Inc. is a Folsom California-based media company. It publishes Government Technology Magazine a publication covering the role of information technology in state and local government along with three other publications.
 MonitorLATINO is a singles chart founded in 2003 which ranks songs on chart based on airplay across radio states in Mexico and Hispanic radio stations in the United States utilizing the Radio Tracking Data LLC in real time. The charts provided are the Top 20 General Top 20 Pop and Top 20 Ingles which surveys the anglophone market in Mexico. These charts are posted on RadioNotas while a complete list is accessible only to subscribers.
 Ballast Nedam is a Dutch-based construction and engineering company headquartered in Nieuwegein. The company as well as the name is a merge between Amsterdamse Ballast Maatschappij and Nederlandse Aannemingsmaatschappij. It's the fourth biggest Dutch construction and engineering company after Royal BAM Group Heijmans and VolkerWessels.
 LXD Incorporated is one of the first Liquid Crystal Display manufacturers in the world. The company headquartered in Cleveland Ohio has factories in the United States and China.
 Miller & Martin PLLC is a large Southeastern law firm with offices in Atlanta Georgia and Nashville Tennessee and Chattanooga Tennessee. In 2008 the firm was ranked the 214th largest law firm in the U.S. by the National Law Journal. The firm employs over 130 attorneys and a similar number of support staff.Miller & Martin's practice was founded in 1867 in Chattanooga Tennessee.
 Gitanjali Group is one of the largest branded jewellery retailers in the world. It is headquartered in Mumbai India Gitanjali sells its jewellery through over 4000 Points of Sale and enjoys a market share of over 50 per cent of the overall organised jewellery market in India.
 SmartGuy Group also known as StylePit is a multi-brand online retailer of fashion apparel. SmartGuy has been named a growth gazelle by Danish business daily Børsen for six consecutive years and has received a number of awards including the Danish e-Commerce Award as well as European e-Commerce Awards.In addition to Denmark SmartGuy has local offices or actual subsidiaries in 20 European markets.
 Pioneer Surgical Technology based in Marquette Michigan USA is Michigan's largest private medical technology company. The company was founded in 1992 by Matthew Songer and its first major product was the Songer Cable used in spine surgeries. The Songer Cable was featured in the book Contemporary Management of Spinal Cord Injuries: From Impact to Rehabilitation.Pioneer Surgical has since developed products in the spine biologics orthopedics and cardio-thoracic markets.
 TI Automotive develops manufactures and supplies automotive fluid storage carrying and delivery systems. The company has 23000 employees at 130 locations in 28 countries and supplies all of the world's major automobile manufacturers. TI Automotive serves the automotive aftermarket through Bundy Walbro and Marwal brands.
 Big Sky Express was an airline based in Brisbane Queensland Australia. It was established and started operations in 2004 and was an Australian community airline operating scheduled domestic passenger services in the north western part of New South Wales. It ceased operations in 2006.
 Real Quality Wrestling (RQW) is a British professional wrestling promotion founded by Len Davies. The company has been recognized as an umbrella promotion since 2007; the aim being to showcase other British professional wrestling promotions through the broadcasts of their shows via television and the internet. Len Davies is the owner and chairman of the company as well as their sister company Spectrum Multimedia.
 M86 Security was a privately owned Internet threat protection company that specialized in Web and email security products and content filtering appliances. The company’s international headquarters were located in Basingstoke with development centers located in California Israel and New Zealand.
 Evergreen Marine Corporation (Chinese: 長榮海運) (LSE: EGMD TWSE: 2603) headquartered in Luzhu Taoyuan County Taiwan is a global containerized-freight shipping company.
 Z Electric Vehicle Corporation (ZEV) is an electric scooter manufacturer and distributor based in Morgantown West Virginia with test facilities in Waynesboro Pennsylvania. Its vehicles are assembled in both the US and China with assembly shops in the USA Australia and Vietnam. ZEV claims to produce the world's most powerful fastest and longest range electric scooters.
 5.7.9 is a low to mid-end fashion retailer similar to Rue21 and Forever 21 commonly found in malls throughout the continental United States and Puerto Rico and formerly Hawaii. The chain offers mid to low-priced fashions for young teens and young women between 13 to 22 years of age.
 Heyzap is a social discovery platform for mobile and online games. Heyzap is based in San Francisco and was founded in 2009 by Jude Gomila and Immad Akhund. Heyzap provides users with a way to check into their favorite games discover games and join a massive community of mobile gamers. Heyzap allows users to let other gamers know what they are playing leave or browse tips for their favorite games and earn badges. The website was launched in January 2009.
 Dream Pod 9 (also known as DP9) is a Montreal-based Canadian game publisher. In addition to games they have been known to work on special projects creating worlds and stories to order for a variety of clients.
 Antofagasta plc is a Chilean business that operates in various sectors of the economy. It is one of the most important conglomerates of Chile with equity participation in Antofagasta Minerals the railroad from Antofagasta to Bolivia Aguas Antofagasta in Chile Tethian in Australia and other investments in different parts from the world.Antofagasta is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
 Mitsubishi Gas Chemical Company Inc. (三菱ガス化学 Mitsubishi Gasu Kagaku MGC) (TYO: 4182) is a Japanese company. It is one of the Mitsubishi core companies.
 The American Physiological Society (APS; www.the-aps.org) was founded in 1887 with 28 members. Of them 21 were graduates of medical schools but only 12 had studied in schools that had a professor of physiology. Today the APS has 10500 members most of whom hold doctoral degrees in medicine physiology or other health professions.
 Megalith Records is a ska record label founded on August 22 2002 and located in Norman Oklahoma. It is owned by Robert Bucket Hingley of The Toasters and the defunct label Moon Ska Records and managed by Jeremy Patton current webmaster and graphic artist for the Toasters.
 Telefónica Germany GmbH & Co. OHG is a provider of broadband and telecommunications in Germany. The company trades as O2 (typeset as O2) and Alice. Previously Viag Interkom it was acquired by Telefónica in 2006 (2006) and is a subsidiary of Telefónica Europe.With the closure of merger with HanseNet on April 1 2011 the company renamed from Telefónica O2 Germany to Telefónica Germany.
 MMCS Group Limited is an Installation Service Provider focused on the information technologynetworking and security markets. Founded in 2005 it has offices in the UKPakistan and Jordan with interests in Europe AfricaAmerica and the Middle East.The primary focus of the group is military central government and large corporates. MMCS entered into a Company Voluntary Arrangement (CVA) on 02/09/2010 [1].
 EuropaBio (The European Association for Bioindustries) is Europe's largest and most influential biotech industry group whose members include Monsanto Bayer and other biotechnology companies. The organisation was initiated in 1996 to represent the interests of the biotechnology industry at European level and therefore influence legislation that serves the interests of biotechnology companies in Europe.
 PublicAffairs (or PublicAffairs Books) is an imprint of the Perseus Books Group an American book publishing company located in New York City. From PublicAffairs' web site:PublicAffairs proudly publishes books by today’s top journalists historians and policymakers in the fields of current affairs politics history and biography.PublicAffairs was launched in 1997 by Peter Osnos and has published over 200 books since then.
 Field Communications was a division of Field Enterprises which owned the Chicago Sun-Times and the Chicago Daily News. The company owned independent television stations in the United States with WFLD-TV in Chicago as its largest-market station.
 The first American sanctioning body to regulate kickboxing matches the United States Kickboxing Association (USKA) was established in early 1970 by former Green Beret Lee Faulkner following his promotion of North America’s debut kickboxing bout featuring Joe Lewis’ knockout victory over Greg Baines. The USKA’s rules permitted kicking punching knee and elbow strikes and footsweeps. Only crescent kicks and round kicks were allowed to the head.
 Tempo Beer Industries (Tempo) is Israel's largest brewer and the country's second-largest beverage company.
 PJ Trailers is a US-based trailer manufacturer founded by Peter Thiesen in 1991. PJ Trailers is headquartered in Paris Texas where its main production facilities are also located. The company sells trailers at over 250 dealerships and retail outlets in North America. The company also has a manufacturing facility in Mount Orab Ohio[citation needed]
 Nomura Holdings Inc. (野村ホールディングス株式会社) is a Japanese financial holding company and a principal member of the Nomura Group.
 Acropetal Technologies Limited is a mid-sized business technology Solutions Company headquartered in Bangalore India. The company operates as a provider of on-demand technology solutions across various sectors including Education Manufacturing Consumer Goods Retail Health Care. The company has offices in 4 geographies namely Asia Pac North America Europe and Middle East.
 The Bevonshire Label is a part of the East West Records family of labels.
 Helix Energy Solutions Inc. (NYSE: HLX) known as Cal Dive International prior to 2006 is an American oil and gas services company headquartered in Houston Texas. It is a global provider of offshore services in well intervention and ROV operations of new and existing oil and gas fields.
 The Body Shop International PLC known as The Body Shop has a range consisting of 1200 products including cosmetics and make-up in its 2500 franchised stores in 61 countries. The company which has its international headquarters in Littlehampton West Sussex England was founded in 1976 by Anita Roddick and is now part owned by parent company L'Oréal corporate group.
 The most recent record label to use the name Rex Records was started in 2001 by an XL Recordings employee. Overall it was an experiment releasing demo recordings from more left field artists. The label was the original home of Australian artists The Avalanches and The Vines and has also released the single Seventeen Years by Ratatat.
 Dimension Data Holdings is a South African company specializing in information technology services with operations on every inhabited continent.In 2010 the company was fully acquired by Nippon Telegraph and Telephone.
 EA Los Angeles (formerly known as Danger Close Games) is a video game developer founded originally in 1995 as DreamWorks Interactive LLC a subsidiary of DreamWorks SKG. The studio is primarily known for its work on the Medal of Honor franchise.
 EatStreet is a US online food ordering service. Founded in 2010 in Madison Wisconsin the company has quickly expanded to over 5000 restaurants in over 75 markets nationwide. In addition to an online ordering platform EatStreet also offers restaurants custom websites mobile apps Facebook ordering and digital marketing services.
 GDF Suez Energy Resources NA is the retail energy subsidiary of IPR-GDF SUEZ North America Inc. . and one of the largest non-residential retail energy suppliers in the United States.GDF Suez Energy Resources currently supplies customers in 12 markets: Delaware Texas Massachusetts Maine Maryland New York New Jersey Pennsylvania Illinois Connecticut Ohio and Washington D.C.
 Mang Inasal (Hiligaynon for Mr. Barbecue) is a barbecue fast food restaurant chain in the Philippines established in Iloilo City in 2003. It is one of the fastest growing food companies in country specializing in grilled chicken.
 Tribune Publishing is the publishing division of the Tribune Company a multimedia conglomerate based in Chicago Illinois. It operates several local newspapers and commuter tabloids located throughout the United States; it also operates a subsidiary of the Los Angeles Times called Times Community News which owns four community newspapers in the Los Angeles metropolitan area.
 Verisign Inc. is an American company based in Reston Virginia United States that operates a diverse array of network infrastructure including two of the Internet's thirteen root nameservers the authoritative registry for the .com .net and .name generic top-level domains and the .cc and .tv country-code top-level domains and the back-end systems for the .jobs and .edu top-level domains.
 Monaco Coach Corporation was an American corporation which primarily manufactured recreational vehicles (RVs) and RV chassis. The company was headquartered in Coburg Oregon and maintained significant manufacturing operations in various locations in Indiana.
 Cultura Sparebank branded as Cultura Bank is a Norwegian savings bank in the ethical banking movement that uses its assets on ethical investments. The bank has offices in Oslo and has total assets of NOK 370 million (2008).Cultura's roots date back to an initiative from 1982 from a group of Norwegian anthroposophists including Sophus Clausen and economics professor Leif Holbæk-Hanssen that sought to establish an ethical bank.
 Peach-Pit (ピーチ・ピット Pīchi Pitto) is a female manga artist duo in Japan made up of Banri Sendo (千道 万里 Sendō Banri) and Shibuko Ebara (えばら 渋子 Ebara Shibuko). Their group name derives from the diner hangout Peach-Pit from the TV show Beverly Hills 90210. Although both have similar styles with some artwork it is possible to identify which artist drew it. Both are known for their bishōjo styled works.
 Cash Records was an independent record label operating in the 1950's from Hollywood California.
 Powrachute LLC is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Middleville Michigan. The company specializes in the design and production of powered parachutes.The company was formed in January 1999 in Columbus Kansas by Bill Amyx. He retired in 2005 and sold the company to Jeff and Deb Williams who relocated it to Middleville Michigan.The company also builds the Evolution Revo ultralight trike under contract.
 Hydra Group is an online advertising network operated by Hydra Group LLC. It specializes in cost per action or cost-per-acquisition (CPA) pricing models.The network distributes targeted campaigns on behalf of advertisers through its affiliate network of website paid search incentive lead generation subscriber email and co-registration publishers.
 Warner Bros. Family Entertainment is the family film label of Warner Bros. established in 1992. It is best known for producing numerous family films and television series in either live-action or animation (especially animated television programs produced by Steven Spielberg).
 Precision Propellers LLC founded in 1979 by Jeff Johnson was an American manufacturer of wooden propellers for homebuilt and ultralight aircraft. Once established at Vernal Utah the company headquarters was last located in Gold Canyon Arizona.The company produced propellers with two to six blades up to 72 in (183 cm) in diameter for engines up to 150 hp (112 kW).
 Springbox is a full-service digital services and marketing company. Springbox offers end-to-end capabilities including: digital planning and strategy; research analytics and testing; user experience and intelligence; content strategy; creative design and storytelling; photography and post-production; development and quality assurance; and customer acquisition. Springbox also features a proprietary DataLayer process as part of their approach.
 Centennial Broadcasting is a small market radio broadcasting company based in Clemmons North Carolina. The company is led by President and CEO Allen B. Shaw. Shaw began his career in 1959 at the age of 15 at radio station WRWB in Kissimmee Florida.
 Legendary Pictures officially Legend Pictures LLC (also referred to as Legendary Entertainment) is an American film production company based in Burbank California. The company was founded by Thomas Tull in 2000 and in 2005 the company concluded an agreement to co-produce and co-finance films with Warner Bros. Following the expiration of that deal in 2014 Legendary will begin a similar arrangement with Universal Studios.
 Continental Type Founders Association was founded by Melbert Brinckerhoff Cary Jr. in 1925 to distribute foundry type imported from European foundries. The influence of more modern European type design was thus felt in the United States for the first time and American foundries responded by imitating many of the more popular faces. A.T.F.'s Paramount and Monotype's Sans Serif series are two examples of this.
 The National News Agency of Ukraine (Ukrainian: Українське національне інформаційне агентство) or Ukrinform (Ukrainian: Укрінформ) is a state information and news agency of Ukraine. It was founded in 1918 during the Ukrainian War of Independence as the Bureau of Ukrainian Press (BUP). The first director of the agency was Dmytro Dontsov.
 Green Shipbuilders were based in Bristol England during the 19th century constructing wooden sailing ships at Wapping on the River Avon from 1814 and later at Tombs' Dock in Dean's Marsh and the Butts on the Frome.The main site later known as Green's Dock after the company was filled in for improvement to the quayside in 1883 and now lies approximately under the Watershed Media Centre on Saint Augustine's Reach.
 F-star Biotechnology Ltd. is a biotechnology company originally founded in Vienna with a current main research site in Cambridge UK. The company is focused in developing bispecific monoclonal antibodies using a modular combinatorial approach that engineers the Fc constant region of an immunoglobulin into a novel antigen-binding site.
 Torrance Transit is a transit agency serving mainly the South Bay region of Los Angeles County.
 The Rover Group plc was the name given in 1986 to the British state-owned from 1975 vehicle manufacturer BL (formerly British Leyland). It initially included the Austin Rover Group car business (comprising the Austin Rover Mini and MG marques) Land Rover Group Freight Rover vans and Leyland Trucks.The Rover Group was owned by British Aerospace (BAe) from 1988 to 1994 when BAe sold the remaining car business to the German company BMW.
 AdMob is a mobile advertising company founded by Omar Hamoui. The name AdMob is a portmanteau for advertising on mobile. It was incorporated in 2006 and is based in San Mateo California. In November 2009 it was acquired by Google for $750 million. The acquisition was completed on May 27 2010. Apple Inc. had also expressed interest in purchasing the company the same year but they were out-bid by Google.
 Cherry Bekaert LLP (formerly Cherry Bekaert & Holland L.L.P.) is the second largest certified public accounting firm headquartered in the Southeast United States. With offices located in Florida Virginia Georgia North Carolina and South Carolina Cherry Bekaert ranks in the top 30 US accounting firms.
 Tropical Financial Credit Union (TCFU) is a member-owned credit union that was chartered in 1935 and is headquartered in Miramar Florida. TFCU is regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA).
 Investment Saskatchewan Inc. is a Crown corporation owned by the Government of Saskatchewan that invests in Saskatchewan companies. Investments are a minimum of $3 M CDN. The investments are managed through a private sector venture capital investment company called Victoria Park Capital Inc.
 Husqvarna Sportmotorcycle GmbH designs engineers manufactures and distributes motocross enduro and supermoto motorcycles.The company began producing motorcycles in 1903 at Huskvarna Sweden as a subsidiary of the Husqvarna armament firm.
 This article refers to the Cairo Opera House built in 1988. For its predecessor see Khedivial Opera HouseThe Cairo Opera House (Arabic: دار الأوبرا المصرية‎; Dār el-Opera el-Masreyya; literally Egyptian Opera House) part of Cairo's National Cultural Center is the main performing arts venue in the Egyptian capital. Home to most of Egypt's finest musical groups it is located on the southern portion of Gezira Island in the Nile River in the Zamalek district west of and near downtown Cairo.
 Barclays Bank (Kenya) Limited also known as Barclays Bank of Kenya is a commercial bank in Kenya. It is one of the forty-four (44) commercial bank licensed by the Central Bank of Kenya the national banking regulator.
 The James Hutton Institute is a new interdisciplinary scientific research institute in Scotland. The institute brings together the Scottish Crop Research Institute (SCRI) and the Macaulay Land Use Research Institute.
 DW Practice LLC is an Atlanta based provider of Information Technology services. The company offers services related to Enterprise Data Management Application Development Product Engineering QA and Testing and Managed Services. DW Practice has offices and solution delivery centers across the US and India. Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence Application Development Big Data Cloud Computing and Mobile Technologies are the key focus areas for DW Practice.
 Iona National Airways was Ireland's first commercial airline. Based at Kildonan Aerodrome and Collinstown Dublin it operated between 1931 and 1995.
 Weitbrecht Communications Inc. (WCI) is a Santa Monica California company that specializes in providing products for deaf people. The company was founded as Applied Communications around 1965 by Robert Weitbrecht and James C. Marsters based on Weitbrecht's invention of the teleprinter at SRI International (then Stanford Research Institute).
 Rami Levy Hashikma Marketing (Hebrew: רמי לוי שיווק השקמה‎ Rami Levy Shivuk Hashikma) is the third largest Israeli retail supermarket chain behind Shufersal Ltd. and Alon Holding–Blue Square Ltd. with annual revenues of NIS 1.14 billion (US$401 million). Founded in 1976 on Rehov Hashikma (Sycamore Street) in the Mahane Yehuda Market district Rami Levy was Israel's first discount store. The chain claims to slash the price of the average basket of goods by as much as 20%.
 Acclaim Games based in Beverly Hills California was a private online video game company that offered free Massively multiplayer online role-playing games on its website upon registration. The company was founded in 2006 and was the successor to Acclaim Entertainment in terms of brand name. After Acclaim Entertainment filed for bankruptcy former Activision CEO Howard Marks purchased the Acclaim name in September 2004 for a reported $100000.
 30 Digits is a privately held information access and retrieval company with headquarters in Munich Germany located in the Münchner Technologie Zentrum. The company was founded in 2008 and offers software that is a mix of privately developed code and leading Open Source technology primarily from the Apache Software Foundation.There are two main focuses of the company.
 Novozymes is a biotech-based company headquartered in Denmark and employing approximately 6000 people in 30 countries. Novozymes A/S’ B shares are listed on the NASDAQ OMX Nordic.
 United Libyan Airlines was a Libyan charter airline headquartered in Benghazi.
 BLU Products is a mobile phone manufacturer founded in 2009 and headquartered in Miami Florida.More than 10 million BLU devices have been sold in 40 countries throughout Latin America the Caribbean and the United States.[citation needed]
 Brussels Airlines is the flag carrier airline of Belgium. It is headquartered on the grounds of Brussels Airport in Diegem Machelen Belgium and is a subsidiary of SN Airholding and Lufthansa. It is the largest airline based in Belgium operating to over 65 destinations in 20 European countries as well as long-haul flights to North America and East Central and West Africa. It operates charter services maintenance and training of cockpit and cabin crew.
 Giant Tiger Stores Limited is Canada’s largest chain of discount stores.Giant Tiger operates 207 stores including 106 in Ontario 51 in Quebec (as Tigre Géant and Chez Tante Marie) 13 in Manitoba 13 in Alberta 8 in Saskatchewan 6 in New Brunswick 7 in Nova Scotia and 1 in British Columbia. The company has announced plans to open one additional store in Nova Scotia in autumn 2012.
 Smoothe is a design communication company with studios in the UK Europe and the Middle East.The company is known for creating photo realistic architectural visualization still images film and animation branding graphics and web design.
 Eastman Business Park formerly Kodak Park is a large manufacturing and industrial complex in the city of Rochester New York in the United States. The complex is run by Eastman Kodak and is located 3 miles (5 km) north of downtown Rochester and 4 miles (6 km) south of Lake Ontario.
 Crown Records was a Budget Albums record label founded as a subsidiary of Modern Records. It has been the name of several different record labels listed below.
 News Corporation or News Corp. was an American multinational mass media corporation headquartered in New York City. It was the world's second-largest media group as of 2011 in terms of revenue and the world's third largest in entertainment as of 2009.News Corporation was a publicly traded company listed on the NASDAQ.
 ASUSTeK Computer Inc. (Chinese: 華碩電腦股份有限公司; pinyin: Huáshuò Diànnǎo Gǔfèn Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī) usually referred to as Asus (/ˈeɪsuːs/; simplified Chinese: 华硕; traditional Chinese: 華碩; pinyin: Huáshuò) and trading under that name is a Taiwanese multinational computer hardware and electronics company headquartered in Beitou District Taipei Taiwan.
 Mowlem was one of the largest construction and civil engineering companies in the United Kingdom. Carillion bought the firm in 2006.
 The GameStop Corporation (formerly EB Games) is an American video game and entertainment software retailer. The company whose headquarters is in Grapevine Texas United States operates 6700 retail stores throughout the United States Canada Australia Austria Denmark Finland France Germany Ireland Italy New Zealand Norway Portugal Puerto Rico Spain Sweden and Switzerland.
 Fulcrum Worldwide is a New Jersey based management consulting and Information and communications technology services company with offices in Reading UK Mumbai and Pune India. Fulcrum provides website architecture service Framework based solutions Middleware integration Cloud services Mobile User interface Real-time business intelligence Enterprise content management and CRM among others.
 Toy Vault Inc.
 Renault Nissan Automotive India Private Limited is the Indian subsidiary of Renault Nissan.
 InterOil Corporation is a vertically integrated oil and gas company operating in Papua New Guinea. InterOil was formed in 1997 and is incorporated in Canada. The company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Port Moresby Stock Exchange.
 LocalBitcoins is a Bitcoin startup company based in Helsinki Finland. Its service facilitates over-the-counter trading of local currency for bitcoins. Users post advertisements on the website where they state exchange rate and payment methods for buying or selling bitcoins. Other users reply to these advertisements and agree to meet the person to buy bitcoins with cash or pay with online banking.
 Public transport in Christchurch New Zealand consists of bus services operated by two bus companies (who win a renewable tender process) supported by a ferry all jointly marketed as Metro.
 Etox is the first Turkish automobile manufacturer dedicated exclusively to building sports cars. The company is based in Ankara Turkey. Its first model the Etox Zafer is the second Turkish sports car after the Anadol STC-16 which was produced from 1973 to 1975.
 Pathé or Pathé Frères (French pronunciation: ​[pate fʁɛʁ] styled as PATHÉ!) is the name of various French businesses that were founded and originally run by the Pathé Brothers of France starting in 1896. In the early 1900s Pathé became the world's largest film equipment and production company as well as a major producer of phonograph records. In 1908 invented the newsreel that was shown in theaters prior to a feature film.
 Linus Airways was a regional airline in Indonesia. It served large city destinations such as Pekanbaru Medan Semarang Palembang Batam and Bandung. The airline name is an abbreviation of Lintasan Nusantara (bridge across the archipelago).The airline was on the List of air carriers banned in the European Union.
 Clash of Arms Games is a wargaming company best known for a high level of graphics quality and moderately to highly complex games often focusing on the Napoleonic era but with offerings in most eras of military history.
 Songs in the Dark is a live music and poetry event based in Farringdon London England. It was started in 2003 by Richard Dark Simon Mastrantone and Jeremy Warmsley. It is also a record label and released the first critically lauded EP by The Woe Betides as well as their debut album Never Sleep.Songs in the Dark began putting on nights every other Sunday at Clowns Cafe in Cambridge in 2003. In 2005 it moved to London where it puts on nights at the Betsey Trotwood in Farringdon.
 The Maytag Corporation is an American home and commercial appliance brand owned by Whirlpool Corporation.
 SawStop is a table saw manufacturer headquartered in Tualatin Oregon USA. The company was founded in 2005 to sell table saws that feature a patented automatic braking system that stops the saw within milliseconds if its blade comes in contact with the operator's hand or other body part.
 Medavie Blue Cross (French: Croix Bleue Medavie) is the business name for Medavie Incorporated a non-profit Canadian medical care insurance company headquartered in Moncton New Brunswick.Affiliated with the Canadian Association of Blue Cross Plans Medavie Blue Cross traces its history to E.A.
 Southeast Area Transit (abbreviated to SEAT) is a provider of local bus service in eight towns and two cities in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Connecticut: East Lyme Griswold Groton (town and city) Ledyard Montville New London Norwich Stonington and Waterford. Under contract to Amtrak SEAT also provides thruway motorcoach service from New London to Foxwoods. The SEAT color scheme share the same color scheme as CT Transit.
 The Istanbul Bar Association (Turkish: İstanbul Barosu) is a voluntary bar association based in Istanbul Turkey. At 29000 members it is one of the largest bar associations in the world.
 CloudSigma AG is an infrastructure as a service (IaaS) company based in Zurich Switzerland. The company also has offices in Sofia Bulgaria. It hosts its servers from the Interxion data centre in Glattbrugg near Zurich as well as in SuperNAP in Las Vegas.CloudSigma provides services on a utility computing basis with open networking and an open software layer. Their cloud servers are managed via its web based provisioning portal or via API.
 Société HOP! is a regional subsidiary of Air France. It was formed from a merger of Airlinair Brit Air and Régional. The new subsidiary offers 530 daily flights to 136 French and European destinations. Its head office is in the Parc tertiaire Silic in Rungis in Greater Paris.
 The tetragrammaton (from Greek τετραγράμματον meaning four letters) is the Hebrew theonym יהוה commonly transliterated into Latin letters as YHWH.
 Elscint Ltd. was an Israeli technology company that development manufacture and sold medical imaging solutions including: Nuclear medicine computed tomography magnetic resonance imaging and X-ray scanners. Elscint's shares traded on the NASDAQ as well as on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. At its heyday Elscint was a world leader in the development of medical imaging technologies. Most of Elscint's activities were sold to GE Healthcare and Philips Medical Systems.
 Frank E. Baker Motorcycles Ltd was a British motorcycle manufacturer based in Alvechurch Road Northfield Birmingham England. Founded in 1927 by Frank Baker the company produced motorcycles under the Baker name until 1930 when it was sold to the James Cycle Co.
 Cloud9 is a bespoke mobile network service provider based in the United Kingdom that offers low cost callback roaming services.
 Open iT Inc. is an independent software vendor that specializes in metering analyzing and optimizing usage of critical IT assets. It was founded in 1999 by Eistein Fosli who obtained his Master of Science in Information Technology from the University of Oslo.Open iT originally started in Oslo Norway and has its main offices in Houston (Texas) Oslo (Norway) and Lucena City (Philippines). The company’s main operations are in North America Europe and Asia.
 IAMSOUND Records is a Los Angeles California USA-based independent label which was founded in 2006 by Niki Roberton as a part of Worlds End USA (one of the largest US talent management companies for producers). Roberton continues to run the label with Paul Tao.While the label endeavours to promote local indie music with LA-based acts (e.g.
 ZeoBIT LLC is a technology and software company formed in 2009 by CEO Slava Kolomiychuk. The company's headquarters is located in the United States. The company specializes in computer security software and internet security. ZeoBIT is best known for the bundled utility software they produce called MacKeeper the multifunctional software that combines 16 individual applications for Macintosh computers.
 Nordea Bank Polska was a name of bank part of Nordea in Poland - the largest Scandinavian financial group.Established first as Bank Komunalny in 1992 the Nordea Group became a strategic investor in 1999. By the end of 2001 Bank Komunalny was fully consolidated into Nordea.It had identified itself as a modern bank offering banking services via the Internet telephone free-of-charge personalized SMS’s WAP and a network of branches.
 Stichting Pensioenfonds ABP (National Civil Pension Fund) frequently referred to as ABP is the pension fund for government and education employees in the Netherlands.
 Smart Technologies Corporation is a publicly traded company headquartered in Calgary Alberta Canada. Founded in 1987 Smart Technologies is best known as the developer of the Smart Board interactive whiteboard. As of the 2011 fiscal year end Smart Board interactive whiteboards lead the interactive whiteboard category with a 63% share in the United States 44% share in EMEA (Europe Middle East and Africa) and 47% share globally.
 Samsung Research India - Bangalore (SRI - Bangalore) earlier known as Samsung Electronics India Software Operations (SISO) is one of the twelve Research & Development centers of Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. housed in the IT hub of India Bangalore. With its inception dating back to February 1996 as a liaison office today it has grown in magnitude and proportions as a location for research and software development encompassing a wide range of technology domains.
 Cutler and Gross is a luxury eyewear brand founded by Graham Cutler and Tony Gross in 1969. They are based in the Knightsbridge area of London.
 In ancient Roman religion and myth Janus (Latin: Ianus pronounced [ˈiaː.nus]) is the god of beginnings and transitions thence also of gates doors passages endings and time. He is usually depicted as having two faces since he looks to the future and to the past. The Romans named the month of January (Ianuarius) in his honor.Janus presided over the beginning and ending of conflict and hence war and peace. The doors of his temple were open in time of war and closed to mark the peace.
 Ruter As is the public transport authority for Oslo and Akershus Norway. The company organized as a limited company is responsible for managing but not operating public transport in the two counties including bus the Oslo Metro the Oslo Tramway and ferries. It also holds agreements with the Norwegian State Railways for price regulation on commuter trains operating within these two counties.
 The Privat Group or PrivatBank Group (Ukrainian: Група “Приват” Grupa Privat) is a global business group based in Ukraine and grouped around the Privatbank. Privat Group controls thousands of companies of virtually every industry in Ukraine European Union Georgia Ghana Russia Romania United States and other countries. Steel oil & gas chemical and energy are sectors of the group's prime influence and expertise.
 Renovation Products Inc. was the North American subsidiary for Telenet Japan. They published and localized many of the games from Telenet Japan and its subsidiaries for North America but they never actually developed any games. They most often published games by Telenet Japan's Wolf Team subsidiary but published a few games from other developers notably the Genesis port of Data East's Vapor Trail and the US release of Sega's Gain Ground.This publishing label was acquired by Sega in 1993.
 Sistema Shyam TeleServices Limited (SSTL) also known as Mobile TeleSystems and commonly referred to by the abbreviation MTS is the Indian subdivision of Russian Mobile TeleSystems telecommunication company headquartered in New Delhi India. It provides wireless voice broadband Internet messaging and data services in India. MTS India is a subsidiary of Russian conglomerate Sistema and operates across India with over 16 million customers as on 2012.
 Raunds Co-operative Society Limited was a consumer co-operative society based in Raunds Northamptonshire founded in 1891.The society operated a large supermarket and a department store in Raunds and as of 2007 held 350 acres (1.4 km2) of farmland at Northdale Farm farming wheat and oilseed rape.
 Zenith Motorcycles was a British motorcycle manufacturer established in Finsbury Park London in 1904. Zenith motorcycles used engines from various suppliers including Precision Villiers and JAP. Under chief engineer Frederic Freddy Barnes Zenith developed the Gradua gear a variable pulley which adjusted the length of the drive belt by sliding the rear wheel backwards or forwards in the slots.
 Melbourne Bus Link was an Australian bus and coach operator in Melbourne. As a Melbourne bus company it operated nine bus routes under contract to the Government of Victoria.
 Para-Ordnance is an Canadian-based American-owned firearms manufacturer founded in Canada in 1985 by two childhood friends Ted Szabo and Thanos Polyzos. Szabo was born in Hungary and his family fled the country when the Russians invaded during the Hungarian Revolution in 1956. Polyzos was born in Greece and later emigrated to Canada.Para-Ordance has a factory in Scarborough Ontario Canada.
 Connectix Corporation was a software and hardware company noted for having released innovative products that were either made obsolete as Apple Computer incorporated the ideas into system software or were sold to other companies once they become popular. It was formed in October 1988 by Jon Garber; dominant board members were Garber Bonnie Fought (the two were later married) and close friend Roy McDonald.
 Napco Security Technologies Inc. was set up in 1969 and now is based in Amityville New York. The company focuses on security products such as electronic locking devices alarm systems and building access control systems. The company was formerly known as Napco Security Systems Inc.
 CompletelyNovel is a website which allows authors to self-publish their work into a reading and writing online community. Based in the United Kingdom the company was founded in 2008 by Oliver Brooks and Anna Lewis the site encourages writers to make their work available for people to read in order that they can gain feedback and promote their work.
 International Hat Company formerly named the International Harvest Hat Company was a St. Louis Missouri based manufacturer of commercial and military sun hats. Established in 1917 as a private corporation the company was sold in 1978 to Interco Inc. where it continued operations until being liquidated in 1990.
 Bastei Lübbe is a major publisher of genre fiction in the German language. It is based in Cologne Germany. As of 2010 it was the largest independent book publisher in Germany and it claims to be one of the three largest audiobook publishers in Germany. It has recently begun to enter English Spanish and Chinese language publishing markets for ebooks. Businessweek reports that it is planning an IPO on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in October 2013.
 Panda United Company (APU) is a Saudi Arabian grocery retailing company. PU is one of The Savola Group’s subsidiaries. The Savola Group is ranked ninth amongst the top 100 companies in the Saudi Arabian market and ranked second amongst the industrial sector after SABIC. The Savola Group has recently listed its Oils and Fats division in the Saudi Stock market under the name Afia International.
 WMOT (We Men of Talent) Records an independent recording company in Philadelphia produced a series of singles and albums in the Philadelphia sound soul tradition (see Philadelphia soul). The company was founded by Alan Rubens and Steve Bernstein in 1973.The biggest selling record produced by WMOT was Double Dutch Bus by Frankie Smith which hit number one on the Billboard soul chart (#30 pop) in 1982 and sold more than 2 million copies.
 Illumina Inc. is an American company incorporated in April 1998 that develops manufactures and markets integrated systems for the analysis of genetic variation and biological function. Using its technologies the company provides a line of products and services that serve the sequencing genotyping and gene expression markets. Customers include genomic research centers pharmaceutical companies academic institutions clinical research organizations and biotechnology companies.
 The Reject Shop is an Australian discount variety store chain. Founded in 1981 as a seconds store in South Yarra Victoria the company currently operates over 250 stores in Victoria South Australia New South Wales Western Australia Queensland Tasmania and Australian Capital Territory.
 Warner Independent Pictures was the specialty division of film studio Warner Bros. Entertainment. Established in August 2003 its first release was 2004's Before Sunset. The division financed produced acquired and distributed feature films largely budgeted under $20 million.The use of independent in its name is not literal as it is a division of Warner Bros. itself a division of media conglomerate Time Warner. Mark Gill was the division's first President.
 The Automobile Association (The AA) is a British motoring association founded in 1905 which was demutualised in 1999 to become a private limited company which currently provides car insurance driving lessons breakdown cover loans motoring advice and other services. Following demutualisation the AA Motoring Trust was created in 2002 to continue its public interest and road safety activities. In 2007 the AA merged with Saga Group to form Acromas Holdings.
 BEC (Brandon Ebel Company) Recordings is a Christian rock record label that is an imprint of Tooth & Nail Records.
 Qiagen is a provider of sample and assay technologies for molecular diagnostics applied testing academic and pharmaceutical research. Consolidated under the Dutch holding Qiagen N.V. the company operates more than 35 offices in over 20 countries. Qiagen’s shares are listed at the technology-focused U.S. stock exchange Nasdaq (using ticker QGEN) and at the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in the Prime Standard (using ticker QIA). Peer M. Schatz is the company’s Chief Executive Officer.
 Merchant & Gould is an intellectual property law firm based in Minneapolis Minnesota. Microsoft is one of their clients.[citation needed]
 Nightingale Informatix Corporation (Nightingale) is a public company headquartered in Markham Ontario Canada with offices in Rancho Cordova California Cambridge Ontario Kansas City Missouri Pembroke Massachusetts and Wexford Pennsylvania. Nightingale provides products and services that support physicians (family physicians and specialists) allied healthcare practitioners hospitals and other healthcare organizations with their clinical (i.e.
 LogiSense is a privately owned software development company headquartered in Cambridge Ontario Canada. LogiSense's EngageIP software provides Telecommunications billing Operational Support Systems Captive Portal and Bandwidth management solutions.Traditionally LogiSense services growth IP markets with customers including Digiweb Infosat Communications SimpleSignal Atria Networks (acquired by Rogers Communications) Telesphere KMTS (acquired by Bell Aliant) among others.
 Stagecoach Merseyside & South Lancashire is a major operator of bus services in North West England. It is a subsidiary of the Stagecoach Group and has its origins in the purchase of Cumberland in 1987 Ribble in 1988 from the National Bus Company and Glenvale Transport in 2005.
 SideReel is a website that offers users the ability to search for television shows track them and watch full episodes online. It is a TV community site with user discussions reviews and news. SideReel acts as a medium connecting users to content centered around the shows that interest them and organizing the information around those shows.
 Haddock Corporation is an American consumer electronics and information technology consulting business based in Wichita Kansas which operates two Haddock Computer Center retail locations. Originally founded as a software company Haddock has been an Apple-authorized dealer and computer repair shop since 1984 the year the Macintosh computer was released.
 Doremi Laboratories Inc. often shortened to Doremi Labs was established in 1985 in Burbank California United States. Doremi Labs is a developer and manufacturer of digital servers and format converters for the digital cinema broadcast post production and professional A/V markets.
 Wat Phnom Airlines (Khmer: ក្រុមហ៊ុនអាកាសចរណ៍វត្តភ្នំ) is an airline based in Siem Reap Cambodia.
 GameAccess.ca is an online video game store operating in Canada. It sells and rents video games for all the major gaming consoles including Xbox Xbox360 PlayStation 2 PlayStation 3 PSP PSVita Nintendo GameCube Wii Wii U Nintendo DS and Nintendo 3DS. Since 2005 the company has built up a library of over 10000 game copies (as of August 2013). GameAccess.ca is subsidiary of KLF Media Inc company.
 BuyCostumes.com is a major US-based costume retailer headquartered in New Berlin Wisconsin. It is an e-commerce company that sells costumes and costume accessories for children adults and pets as well as party supplies for year-round occasions and seasonal indoor/outdoor décor. It is part of a family of costume and party brands owned by a larger corporate entity BuySeasons Inc. that includes CostumeExpress.com BirthdayExpress.com CelebrateExpress.com and 1stWishes.com. BuySeasons Inc.
 Cyrela Brazil Realty is the largest homebuilder and real estate company by revenue and market value in Brazil. Considered one of the most solid of the civil construction sector currently operates in 17 states and 55 cities in Brazil and Argentina. There is 45 years of history 35000 customers and 7250000 square feet (674000 m2) built.The company is headquartered in São Paulo and listed in the BM&F Bovespa.
 Sony Music Latin is a record label owned by Sony Music Entertainment. The label focuses on artists for Latin music.
 The Nazmiyal Collection based in New York City is a company that buys and sells antique and decorative carpets and textiles and also repairs and restores.
 CS Link is a satellite service that offers Czech and Slovak TV and radio stations to residents of Czech Republic and Slovakia. The package includes digital channels received without subscription (free-to-view) including HD channels and pay-TV channels. CS Link has about 650000 customers.
 Buddah Records (now known as Buddha Records) was founded in 1967 in New York City. The label was born out of Kama Sutra Records an MGM Records-distributed label which remained a key imprint following Buddah's founding.
 Kinemacolor was the first successful color motion picture process used commercially from 1908 to 1914. It was invented by George Albert Smith of Brighton England in 1906. He was influenced by the work of William Norman Lascelles Davidson and more directly Edward Raymond Turner. It was launched by Charles Urban's Urban Trading Co. of London in 1908. From 1909 on the process was known as Kinemacolor.
 Cappelen Damm is a Norwegian publisher established in 2007. It is the result of the merger of J.W. Cappelens Forlag founded in 1829 and N.W. Damm & Søn founded in 1843. Cappelen Damm is owned by the Bonnier Group and Egmont.
 Megatech Software was the first licensor of anime games in the United States and the first licensor of hentai games or eroge in English.
 Taylor Media is an Australian film and television production company founded in 1991 by Sue Taylor.The company has produced children’s dramas (Minty Southern Cross Time Trackers) mini-series (The Shark Net) documentaries (Courting With Justice) feature films (Last Train to Freo and The Tree).
 Universomo Ltd. was a Finnish video game developer based in Tampere Finland. It was founded in 2002 and acquired by THQ on the 9th of May in 2007. Universomo also has offices in Helsinki Finland and San Diego USA. Universomo is focused on games for mobile phones the iPhone and the N-Gage.
 Digg is a news aggregator with an editorially driven front page aiming to select stories specifically for the Internet audience such as science trending political issues and viral Internet issues. It was launched in its current form on July 31 2012 with support for sharing content to other social platforms such as Twitter and Facebook.Formerly Digg had been a very popular social news website allowing people to vote web content up or down called digging and burying respectively.
 Madhyanchal Grameen Bank was formed by merging three rural banks in the state of Madhya Pradesh in central India named Madhya Bharat Bank Sharda Grameen Bank Rewa Sidi Grameen Bank sponsored by State Bank Of India Allahabad Bank and Union Bank of India. Its headquarters is in Saugor. Current sponsors of the bank is State Bank of India.
 Emperor Entertainment Group (EEG; Chinese: 英皇娛樂集團; literally British Emperor Entertainment Group) is one of the largest entertainment groups in Hong Kong founded by Albert Yeung Sau-Shing in and established in Wan Chai in 1986 along with Music Icon Entertainment Limited and Emperor Motion Picture Group EEG operates under the major conglomerate Emperor Multimedia Group (EMG).The major businesses of Emperor Entertainment Group (EEG) include the production and distribution of local and foreign records music publishing artiste management concert organization play production movie and TV production new media production as well as merchandise licensing and distribution. 
 Columbus Salame (Columbus Sausage Company Columbus Foods Inc.) is an American food processing company specializing in salami and other prepared delicatessen meats founded in San Francisco in 1917. Their current headquarters are in Hayward California. Their products are sold at supermarkets locally and nationwide including Costco Safeway Cost Plus and Trader Joe's. Their artisanal products including specialty salumi have been praised by food critics.
 Weyerhaeuser (/ˈwɛrˌhaʊzər/ or /ˈweɪərˌhaʊzər/) is one of the world's largest private owners of timberlands. It owns or controls more than 6 million acres of timberlands primarily in the U.S. and manages another 14 million acres under long-term licenses in Canada. It is also one of the largest manufacturers of wood and cellulose fibers products and it develops real estate primarily as a builder of single-family homes. Weyerhaeuser Company is a real estate investment trust.
 Teyon is a Polish video games developer producer and online publisher for all leading platforms including PC Mac OS X iOS Nintendo 3DS Nintendo DS Wii Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
 Rust Nashville was a recording company founded by Ken Cooper in 1998 originally to promote his band Vertigogo. It was originally based out of Northeast Ohio most notably Cleveland before its move to Nashville TN in 2005. The label represented notable country artists such as Aaron Tippin and Shane Owens.
 SelecTV was an Australian satellite based subscription television broadcasting service. As of January 2011 the service is no longer available. Services were carried on the Intelsat 8 satellite.
 Lasergraphics Inc. is a manufacturer of motion picture film scanning and recording systems. The company was founded in 1981 and is headquartered in Irvine California USA.
 Swensen's is a global chain of ice cream restaurants that started in San Francisco California.
 Instanza is an American Internet company that designs develops markets and operates social-based mobile applications. The company was founded in 2011 and is currently headquartered in San Francisco California. Instanza's flagship product is Coco a mobile messenger that provides communication features such as hold-to-talk voice messaging text messaging group messaging photo sharing as well as other functions.
 Color Climax Corporation ApS (CCC) is a Danish pornography producer headquartered in Copenhagen. It had been one of the leading producers of European pornography up until the 1990s. Since then CCC has recessed most of its assets but because its earlier works attract admirers of so-called classic pornography CCC still functions today via the Internet.
 This page is about the Russian car and truck factory. For other meanings see ZIL (disambiguation).Zavod imeni Likhachova more commonly called ZIL (or ZiL Russian: Завод имени Лихачёва (ЗиЛ)—Likhachev Factory literally Factory named after Likhachov) is a major Russian truck and heavy equipment manufacturer which also produced armored cars for most Soviet leaders as well as buses armored fighting vehicles and aerosani.
 Hi-Beau International Pte Ltd is a Singapore-based company that specializes in health supplements and cosmetics. The company sells its products through pharmacy chains and selected medical halls in Singapore and Malaysia. It currently carries three brand lines: Avalon for health and beauty products Energins for energy boosting products and ChocoMarvel for menstrual care.
 Citibank India is an Indian private sector bank headquartered in Mumbai Maharashtra. It is a subsidiary of Citigroup a multinational financial services corporation headquartered in New York City United States.
 Star Transport Inc. is an irregular route truckload carrier headquartered in Morton Illinois which owns over 900 Peterbilt 386 and 387 model tractors.The company also utilizes a satellite tracking system now known as OmniTracs to efficiently dispatch its drivers on loads.
 Express Freighters Australia is a cargo airline based in Sydney Australia. It was established in August 2006 and is wholly owned by Qantas Freight a subsidiary of Qantas.
 The Central Organisation for Railway Electrification (CORE) (Hindi: केन्द्रीय रेल विद्युतीकरण संगठन) has its headquarters at Allahabad India. It is in overall charge of railway electrification over the entire network of Indian Railways. However of late some electrification works have been entrusted to Rail Vikas Nigam Limited a Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) under the Ministry of Railways of the Government of India. Additionally small electrification works are being done by zonal railways.
 Jamba Juice Company is a restaurant retailer headquartered in Emeryville California with over 800 locations operating in 26 states the Bahamas Canada the Philippines Mexico and South Korea. There are approximately 287 company-owned locations and 517 franchise-operated stores in the United States of America in addition to the 45 international stores.
 Elephant Stone Records is a US record label formed in 2002 in Los Angeles by music critic and former Dionysus Records publicist Ben Szporluk (Ben Vendetta) and his artist wife Arabella Proffer (Bella Vendetta). Named after a song by The Stone Roses the label focuses on new groups and reissue compilations influenced by the 60s psychedelic and/or 90s shoegaze movements.
 The Laboratory of Neuro Imaging (LONI) is a research laboratory founded within the Department of Neurology at the UCLA David Geffen School of Medicine. In September 2013 LONI moved to Keck School of Medicine of USC. The laboratory conducts a wide variety of brain imaging studies of normal brain anatomy and function development aging and disease.
 Allco Financial Group was a fully integrated global financial services business listed on the Australian Stock Exchange and headquartered in Sydney Australia. Major services provided were structured asset finance funds management and debt and equity funding. At one stage before liquidation Allco had over A$4.3 billion in assets and had financed over A$60 billion of transactions.
 The Institute of Recruiters - IOR is a United Kingdom (UK) based international professional body for both recruiters and human resources professionals. IOR was founded by British entrepreneur Azmat Mohammed and incorporated in the United Kingdom in February 2011.
 The Cholderton and District Water Company is England's smallest water-supply company serving an area on the border of Hampshire and Wiltshire in the south of the country.
 PriceSmart Foods is a regional chain of supermarkets located in British Columbia Canada. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Overwaitea Food Group which is owned by the Jim Pattison Group. PriceSmart shares the same brands and rewards card system as other Overwaitea chains including Save-On-Foods. Some Save-On-Foods stores were converted into PriceSmart stores such as the one in Richmond.The chain is considered by some industry analysts as being a no frills brand of store.
 eCamp is an English speaking international Jewish summer camp located in Israel focusing on technology media arts and gaming. The campers aged 7 to 18 attend workshops in subjects such as digital music composition video editing game design programming digital comics and mobile application development.eCamp’s program blends the technology workshops with a traditional American-style summer camp experience.The camp holds three 2-week sessions each summer.
 Productora de Software S.A. is a Colombian provider of software services that serves the US European and Latin American markets.
 Matrix Games is a publisher of computer games specifically strategy games and wargames. They are based out of Staten Island New York. Matrix Games/Slitherine also own and financially support the online game reviewing publication The Wargamer (www.wargamer.com).Their focus is primarily but not exclusively on war games and turn-based strategy.
 PositiveID develops and markets healthcare and information-management products through RFID-based diagnostic devices and identification technologies and proprietary disease-management tools.Acquisitions by PositiveID Corporation include EXI Wireless and Instantel which were combined and renamed Xmark and later sold to the Stanley Works Steel Vault Corporation and Easy Check Medical Diagnostics LLC.Corporate offices are located in Delray Beach Florida and Kanata Ontario (Instantel).
 Montgomery Ward is the name of two historically distinct American retail enterprises. It can refer either to the defunct mail order and department store retailer which operated between 1872 and 2000 or to the original name of the online retailer currently known as Wards.
 Albtelecom SH. a. (a shortening of Albanian Telecom) was founded on 5 February 1992 as Albania's state telecommunications company having previously existed as a government office tracing its history back to 1912.
 All Media Network (formerly All Media Guide or AMG and later AllRovi) is an American company that owns and maintains AllMusic AllGame AllMovie SideReel and Celebified. AMG was founded in 1990 by popular-culture archivist Michael Erlewine which started with the All Music Guide (now AllMusic) in 1991 and expanded to offer the All Movie Guide (now AllMovie) in 1994 and the All Game Guide (now AllGame) in 1998.
 Emecé Editores is an Argentine publishing house currently a subsidiary of Grupo Planeta.The company was founded in 1939 by Mariano Medina del Río shortly after his arrival from Spain with the literary collaboration of Álvaro de las Casas and the support of Medina's former classmate Carlos Braun Menéndez. Emecé's name is derived from the first letters of some of the founders' names (specifically Mariano Carlos Medina and Casas).
 Broadway Stores Inc. was an American retailer based in Southern California. Known through its history as Carter Hawley Hale Stores and Broadway Hale Stores over time it acquired other retail store chains in regions outside its California home base and became in certain retail sectors a regional and national retailer in the 1970s and 1980s. It entered into Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1991 and eventually its assets were completely sold off.
 G7th Ltd of Leicester England is a manufacturer of guitar capos.The first G7th Performance capo was launched in April 2004. The capos have won numerous awards for the design of the capo (Design Week) Players' Award (Acoustic Guitar mag) and many other accolades.
 Symphony EYC is a customer analytics retail and distribution improvement company. The company’s software and services are aimed at helping retailers distributors and manufacturers improve their business performance. Symphony EYC was created in December 2012 with the merger of Aldata and EYC under existing parent company Symphony Technology Group founded by Romesh Wadhwani.
 MRS Logística S.A. is a freight rail company located in Brazil that operates 1643 kilometers (1021 mi) of track. It is the concessionary company that operates the Southestearn Federal Railroad Network (formerly SR3 - Juiz de Fora and SR4 - São Paulo of Rede Ferrovária Federal S/A).
 COSCO International Holdings Limited (SEHK: 517) is the subsidiary of COSCO (Hong Kong) Group (COSCO Hong Kong's parent company is COSCO Group). It is engaged in ship trading and supplying services. It is headquartered in Hong Kong and it was listed in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1992.
 Domaine Dujac is a Burgundy wine producer. The domaine is run by the Seysses family; the founder Jacques Seyesses is still involved in its operation but his sons Jeremy and Alec and Jeremy's wife Diana have run the domaine for the past several vintages. Jacques founded the domaine in 1967 although the first release was 1969.
 Gerber Scientific Inc. located in Tolland Connecticut is the parent of companies that supply sophisticated software and hardware systems for apparel and technical textiles sign making and specialty graphics composites and packaging applications.
 Highmark is a not-for-profit healthcare company based in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. It is the largest health insurer in Pennsylvania and through a purchase in 1996 the largest health insurer in West Virginia and also later Delaware . As Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield it primarily serves the 29 counties of western Pennsylvania. As Highmark Blue Shield it services 21 counties of Central Pennsylvania and the Lehigh Valley.
 Wadjet Eye Games is an indie video game developer and publisher which specialises in point and click adventure games. It was founded in 2006 by Dave Gilbert as a means to publish his own games but has since expanded to publishing games by other designers as well.
 Panzhihua New Steel & Vanadium Company Limited (SZSE: 000629) parented by Panzhihua Iron and Steel involves in the manufacture and sales of iron steel and vanadium products. It is headquartered in Panzhihua Sichuan China.It was established in 1993 with the name of Pangang Group Steel Plate Company Limited. It was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 1996. Its name was changed to Panzhihua New Steel & Vanadium Company Limited in 1998.
 Carson Helicopters Inc is a helicopter operating company based in Perkasie Pennsylvania United States. Carson operates a fleet of Sikorsky S-61 helicopters in aerial lift services and aerial firefighting. Carson is known for its development of the Carson Blade for the S-61 and H-3 Sea King.
 Rane Corporation is a pro audio equipment manufacturer. Located in Mukilteo Washington it was made up of former employees of Phase Linear Corporation and started out with products aimed at small live bands. They now carry many products.They provide extensive technical documents about audio equipment setup and design including proper grounding interconnections noise measurement standards a glossary of industry terms and more.
 Pretax Group is a Finnish financial administration company which has headquarters in Helsinki. Pretax’s services range from book-keeping to payroll services and consulting. Pretax is the largest financial management and payroll processing services company in the Nordic countries.
 Friendly's is a restaurant chain on the United States' East Coast. Friendly's was founded in 1935 in Springfield Massachusetts by brothers Curtis Blake and S. Prestley Blake. Friendly's has 10000 employees; John M. Maguire is the CEO.
 J Hudson & Co was founded in the 1870s in Birmingham by Joseph Hudson (1848–1930) and his brother James Hudson (1850–1888). The company became a manufacturer of whistles and continues as Acme Whistles. Acme is the world’s largest and most famous producer of whistles. They are headquartered in the Jewellery Quarter district of Birmingham England.
 Phase One is a Danish company specializing in high-end digital photography equipment and software. It manufactures open platform based medium format camera systems and solutions. Their own RAW processing software Capture One supports many DSLRs besides their backs.PODAS workshops (Phase One Digital Artist Series) is a series of worldwide photography workshops designed for digital photographers interested in working with medium format high-resolution cameras.
 The Themphos International B.V. was a venture of the chemical industry which produced phosphorus and inorganic phosphorus compounds. In 2005 it earned about 550 Million Euros and employed about 1200 people. It was Europe's only producer of elemental phosphorus. The company was also involved in recycling phosphorus.
 Eppendorf a company with its registered office in Hamburg develops produces and sells products and services for laboratories around the world. Eppendorf products are used in academic and industrial research laboratories e.g. in companies in the pharmaceutical biotech chemical and food industries.
 Guidewire Software Inc. commonly just Guidewire is based in Foster City California. It offers core back-end software for property and casualty (P&C) insurance carriers in the U.S. and worldwide.In September 2011 Guidewire filed with the SEC to raise up to $100 million in an initial public offering (IPO) and first publicly traded on the NYSE in January 2012.
 Stroukoff Aircraft was an American manufacturer of experimental military transport aircraft established in 1954 by Michael Stroukoff. Successor to Chase Aircraft the company specalised in developing advanced variants of the C-123 Provider; however none of the company's designs attracted a production order and the company folded in 1959.
 Vrij Nederland (Free Netherlands) is a Dutch magazine which was established during the German occupation of the Netherlands in World War II as an underground newspaper but has since grown into a magazine. The weekly magazine is generally considered to be intellectually left-wing. It is conventionally considered to be one of the four most influential written media in its sector along with HP/De Tijd De Groene Amsterdammer and Elsevier.The first issue was published on 31 August 1940.
 Peters is a British bakery chain.
 IKOS is a European investment management company that manages a quant hedge Fund. The company is headquartered in Limassol Cyprus and is authorised and regulated by the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission CySEC. IKOS is registered with the US Securities and Exchange Commission as an Investment Advisor registered as a Commodity Trading Advisor & Commodity Pool Operator with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and is a National Futures Association member.
 Hainaut-Sambre was a Belgian group of steel companies based in the Charleroi region it was founded in 1955 by the merger of Usine Métallurgiques du Hainaut (based in Couillet Charleroi) and the metal making division of Sambre et Moselle (based in Montignies-sur-Sambre Charleroi).The company absorbed another Charleroi based steel group Thy-Marcinelle et Providence in 1980 before being merged with the Liege based steel group Cockerill in 1981 to form Cockerill-Sambre.A predecessor company SA Marchinelle & Couillet built locomotives at the Usines Métallurgiques du Hainaut which were used on industrial railways and exported around the world. 
 TC Transcontinental is a publishing media and marketing company based in Montreal Quebec Canada. TC Transcontinental is a subsidiary of Transcontinental Inc.
 Edition Peters is one of the oldest and most famous music publishers in the world. Since 1800 it has been publishing the works of the most significant composers in the history of music. Its complete catalog which today is made up of more than 12000 titles contains not only the works of the great classical composers such as Bach Mozart and Beethoven but also important contemporary composers.
 The Monmouth Ocean Hospital Service Corporation (commonly referred to as MONOC) is a non-profit hospital services company which provides emergency and non-emergency medical transport services in New Jersey. In addition to EMS services MONOC also operates a state-of-the-art 9-1-1 Communications Center which services numerous jurisdictions within New Jersey.
 Energy Rekords is a record label formed in 1990 by the merging of the three labels: Front Music Production Electronic Beat Association and Energy - all small labels run from the Swedish town of Älmhult.
 Lanitz Aviation is a German aircraft manufacturer based in Leipzig. The company specializes in the design and manufacture of aircraft fabric systems and in particular their Oratex material for model and ultralight aircraft. The company also has developed and produces three ultralight aircraft that were originally produced by British manufacturers Escapade Aircraft and The Light Aircraft Company.
 Shearer's Foods LLC is a manufacturer of snack products including potato chips tortillas whole grain chips cheese curls/puffs popcorn pork rinds and rice crisps. Shearer's Foods was founded in 1974 as a snack food distributor in Brewster Ohio and has a regional distribution throughout the Midwest New England and parts of Canada.Shearer's manufactures warehouses and distributes branded snacks and contract and private label products for snack food companies and retailers.
 American Innovators for Patent Reform (AIPR) a non-profit organization based in New York City is a coalition of inventors patent owners researchers engineers entrepreneurs corporate executives patent agents and attorneys and others involved in creating or protecting innovation and advocating for stronger patent protection in the ongoing debate on patent reform.Since the passage of the America Invents Act AIPR has turned its focus to strengthening U.S.
 4Front Technologies is the company behind the Open Sound System for Linux and Unix operating systems. Since June 1999 4Front has also been sponsoring development of the XMMS music player.
 Iogen Corporation is a Canadian company based in Ottawa Ontario that was founded by Patrick Foody. Iogen is a company specializing in cellulosic ethanol made from farm waste. They also develop manufacture and market enzymes used to modify and improve the processing of natural fibres in the textile animal feed and pulp and paper industries. Iogen has been in operation since 1974. Brian Foody is the current president.
 Arcade Edit is a film and television editorial house established in 2008 by Kim Bica Geoff Hounsell Paul Martinez and Damian Stevens. Alongside Arcade Airship specializes in online graphics design and visual effects.
 DeucesCracked is a poker instruction website business and an internet forum for the discussion of poker strategy. DeucesCracked offers a fee-based service that provides access to their catalogue of poker instructional videos. As of August 2009 DeucesCracked had over 1000 videos in its catalogue.
 Eternal Pictures was an international film distribution company who has distributed various Christian family and documentary films. The company distributed Tugger: The Jeep 4X4 Who Wanted To Fly in South Africa and distributed Wemmicks The Storykeepers and Hermie and Friends in Brazil.
 System Sensor is a St. Charles Illinois company involved in the research development and manufacturing of fire protection products. System Sensor is part of Honeywell Life Safety Group.
 Webjet Limited (ASX: WEB) is Australia's largest online travel booking website offering flights hotel bookings and car hires. Beginning operations in Australia Webjet expanded its reach into New Zealand North America Singapore and Hong Kong.
 Wave Solutions is a Portuguese based company of information technology that develops software applications for mobile devices. Has a particular focus on implementation ERP projects involving the development and integration of sales force management system data collection field service management and warehouse management.Wave Solutions products are present in the following markets: Portugal Spain Italy and Palops.
 RAJU is the highest level of Estonian mixed martial arts league. There are 2 competitions in a year. Their most recent competition Raju X was held in Tartu A. Le Coq Sports Hall on 13 October 2012.
 Guine Bissau Airlines was an airline in Guinea-Bissau. It was founded in 2002 and disestablished again in 2003.
 Lladró (Valencian pronunciation: [ʎaˈðɾo]) is a Spanish company based in Tavernes Blanques Valencia that produces porcelain figurines.
 CamTran originally called the Cambria County Transit Authority operates mass transit bus service within Johnstown Pennsylvania Cambria Countyand Windber Pennsylvania Somerset County Pennsylvania. CamTran also operates the Johnstown Inclined Plane which they took over in 1983 from Westmont Pennsylvania borough. The transit system began operation in 1976 from the remnants of the Johnstown Traction Company.
 Roos Instruments is a semiconductor Automatic Test Equipment (ATE) vendor founded in 1989 from a DARPA Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) grant. RI specializes in highly automated test development tools that simplify the complexities of designing procedures that correctly determine if the Device Under Test (DUT) is functioning properly. RI uses a unique state machine optimization routine that minimizes the time needed to perform tests.
 Air Go Airlines is a cargo airline based in Athens Greece. Its main base is Athens International Airport. The airline has started operations in September 2008. Airgo ceased its operations at the end of October 2011. At first Airgo Airlines had regular flights from Athens to Larnaca reaching up to five flights per weak. The lack of significant cargo to fly on the return leg of the flight though forced the airline to eventually discontinue the route after about one year of operation.
 Caribou Coffee Company is a specialty coffee and espresso retailer the second largest in the United States after Starbucks. Caribou sells coffee tea and bakery goods in 415 company-owned coffeehouses in 40 states and the District of Columbia as well as 126 franchise locations worldwide.
 Xinjiang Xinxin Mining Industry Company (SEHK: 3833) or in short form Xinxin Mining or Xinxin is the second largest electrolyted nickel in Mainland China. It has 30-year extraction rights of copper and nickel mines in Fuyun County Xinjiang. Its products include nonferrous metals cobalt noble metals gold silver platinum and palladium.It was listed in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 12 October 2007.
 Hollywood Blvd. Cinema is an independently owned first run movie theatre and integrated restaurant concept in suburban Chicago IL. The concept of offering patrons “dinner and a movie” at the same time is presented in a highly stylized way from use of authentic Asian artifacts throughout the facility which recalls the details of Grauman's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood CA to the cleverly named menu items brought to each patron’s seat.
 Black Bell Records is an Independent Record Label based in New York City United States. The label was started in 2010 and owned by Ayad Al Adhamy who is member of Boston synth-pop band Passion Pit. The label was started to release the 8-track EP A Balloon Called Moaning by The Joy Formidable in the U.S.
 Black Hole Entertainment was a Budapest-based video game developer founded in 2001 by seven young game enthusiasts.The company's first title was Armies of Exigo developed with the financial backing of Andy Vajna published by Electronic Arts and released in the end of 2004. The team has developed Warhammer: Mark of Chaos and Warhammer: Battle March an expansion for Mark of Chaos which were released on November 14 2006 and September 16 2008 respectively for the PC.
 Bank of Scotland (Ireland) Limited was a bank based in Ireland and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank of Scotland itself a subsidiary of Lloyds Banking Group. It offered commercial and corporate banking services under the Bank of Scotland brand and retail banking services under the Halifax brand. Since 10 February 2010 the bank has no longer accepted new business and ceased to operate as a licensed bank on 31 December 2010. The assets of the bank were merged into Bank of Scotland plc.
 The Color Press Group (CPG) (full legal name: Novinsko izdavačko društvo Color Media International d.o.o.) is a Serbian media company based in Novi Sad that is among the biggest media companies in South-Eastern Europe.CPG publishes periodical print media such as lifestyle magazines weekly tabloids and glossy publications.
 Systembolaget (About this sound Pronunciation ; colloquially known as systemet the system or bolaget the company; literal English translation: the System Company) is a government owned chain of liquor stores in Sweden. It is the only retail store allowed to sell alcoholic beverages that contain more than 3.5% (by volume) alcohol. Systembolaget also sells non-alcoholic beverages although this product segment represents less than half a percent of the total sales of beverages.
 Gryphon Airlines is an American-owned airline based in Vienna Virginia in the Washington D.C. area. It became the first airline to offer scheduled flights to the military side of Baghdad Airport when these flights began in March 2007.
 Air North (US) redirects here. For the airline of the same name in Canada see Air North.Brockway Air was a regional airline in the United States which was formerly known as Air North and originally as Northern Airways. Headquartered in Burlington Vermont the airline began operating in the late 1960s under a marketing relationship with Mohawk Airlines replacing or supplementing Mohawk's service at small communities in northern New York state and New England.
 The Miller Group Advertising Inc. is an integrated marketing firm with a focus on advertising direct marketing interactive and public relations. It was founded in 1990 by Renee Miller the agency’s president and creative director. The Miller Group is headquartered in Los Angeles California. The agency has won many creative awards over the years and has worked on a number of national brands including Kenwood Electronics RE/MAX General Electric and Blue Cross.
 Celluloid Dreams is a French film production and distribution company which is also an international sales company as well. They also run a video on-demand platform The Auteurs in conjunction with The Criterion Collection. Celluloid Dreams have been involved in films such as Palindromes The Edukators Son of Rambow DiG! I'm Not There How She Move and Funny Games.
 Comverse Technology Inc. originally founded in Israel was a technology company located in Woodbury New York in the United States that developed and marketed telecommunications software. The company focused on providing value-added services to telecommunication service providers in particular to mobile network operators. Comverse Technology had several wholly or partly owned subsidiaries.
 OneVision was a consortium that have been offered a licence by the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland to run the pay television services on the DTT platform in the Republic of Ireland.OneVision was managed through a consortium made up of telecommunications company Eircom (65%) Arqiva (25%) Setanta (10%) and TV3 Group held a nominal share.OneVision had considered the feasibility of operating the commercial digital terrestrial television service after Boxer Ireland decided to withdraw from the contract due to the current economic climate in Ireland.OneVision was unable to conclude negotiations with the BAI due to difficulties with the terms of RTÉ NL apparently regarding multiplexing marketing for DTT and other issues. 
 De Dietrich Remeha is one of Europe's biggest manufacturers and distributors of domestic and commercial water and space heating systems. Headquartered in Apeldoorn in the Netherlands it was founded in July 2004 after a merger between the Dutch firm Remeha and the French firm De Dietrich Thermique. In July 2009 the heavily laden with debt British Baxi group agreed to merge with De Dietrich Remeha creating the BDR Thermea Group.
 Monsey Trails is a private bus company plying a publicly licensed route based in Rockland County New York. It is operated by a Jewish family of the Skver Hasidic sect in New Square. The publicly subsidized carrier uses a fleet of 60 coach-style buses many of which are publicly owned by Rockland County and leased to Monsey running 80 scheduled daily trips to provide charter functions and commuter bus service.
 London Traveller was the trading name of Metropolitan Omnibus a bus operator in Greater London in the late 1990s and early 2000s. The company was partially owned by Yorkshire Traction and was sold to Thorpes in October 2001.
 Jay Ward Productions (or simply Ward Productions) was an American animated television cartoon series production company founded in 1949 by American animator Jay Ward. It made extensive use of limited animation techniques.It was best known for producing The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show and many other films and series. The company also designed trademark characters like Cap'n Crunch King Vitaman Quisp and Quake breakfast cereals and made numerous commercials for these products.
 Radeberger started in 1872 when the brewery was founded as Zum Bergkeller in Radeberg a town in the vicinity of Dresden. Radeberger ranks number 9 among Germany's best selling breweries.This beer was also brewed for a period for the King of Saxony. It was the first brewery in Germany to brew beer exclusively in the Pilsner style and which still exists today.Radeberger elected to change its name to the present name of Radeberger Exportbierbrauerei.
 Innodata Inc. formerly Innodata Isogen Inc. is an American company that provides business process technology and consulting services.
 Sergio Rossi is an Italian women’s footwear specialist company that also produces a limited range of men’s shoes handbags and other accessories. The brand is renowned for its craftsmanship and feminine designs. The Sergio Rossi label is owned by the French Group Kering. Francesco Russo has been the Creative Director of Sergio Rossi since October 2008. Christophe Mélard was appointed President and CEO of Sergio Rossi in May 2009.
 Slovenská sporiteľňa is the largest commercial bank in Slovakia. It provides comprehensive banking services to more than 2 million clients via the largest distribution network with 400 retail outlets. It administers almost 6 million accounts which proves its stable position in the Slovak banking sector.
 The NYC Teaching Fellows is an alternative certification program that aims to improve the quality of education in New York City public schools by attracting mid-career professionals recent graduates and retirees from all over the country. The program provides teacher training coursework and resources. Fellows may be eligible for a fast track into full-time teaching positions in New York City public schools.
 Kingspan Off-Site was a manufacturer of timber and steel building systems. It was a division of the Kingspan Group plc.
 Ace Records Ltd. was started in 1978. Initially the company only gained permission from the label based in Mississippi to use the name in the UK but eventually also acquired the rights to publish their recordings. When Chiswick's pop side was licensed to EMI in 1984 Ace switched to more licensing and reissuing work.
 Easy TV was a consortium that have been offered a licence by the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland (BAI) to run the pay television services on the DTT platform in the Republic of Ireland.
 Happy Eater was a chain of family-orientated roadside restaurants that operated throughout England and Wales until 1997. The company was established in 1973 by Michael Pickard as a rival to Little Chef which was the only national chain of roadside restaurants at the time. The restaurants offered similar fare to Little Chef such as English breakfasts and fish and chips. The major differential between Happy Eater and Little Chef was that it provided outdoor playground equipment.
 Island Air Cayman Islands BWI is a fixed-base operator in the Cayman Islands providing aircraft charter air ambulance ground handling maintenance meet and greet services and aviation management services. The company is located on the grounds of Owen Roberts International Airport. It has one hangar and one building for flight-planning Customs and Immigration and other activities.
 Kneissl is a manufacturer of handmade skis biking and tennis equipment and apparel based in Kufstein Tyrol Austria.
 MDVIP Inc. is a network of physicians founded in Boca Raton Florida in 2000. It is a division of Procter & Gamble which first purchased 48% of the company in January 2007 and completed their acquisition in December 2009. The company's physicians practice proactive preventive and personalized primary care medicine; not merely the detection and treatment of disease.The national network consists of 700 physicians serving over 220000 patients in 43 States and the District of Columbia.
 Progressive Waste Solutions Ltd. is the third largest non-hazardous solid waste dumper in North America. In Canada the company acquired its original assets in 2000 and today BFI Canada serves five provinces. In the US the company acquired IESI Corp. in 2005 and today serves 10 states in the US south and the US northeast. IESI owns the largest landfill in New York State Seneca Meadows.
 Juan Valdez Café is a multinational coffeehouse chain based in Colombia that specializes in coffee retail. Its purpose is to become a member of the worldwide coffee restaurant business and promote Colombian coffee which is reputed to be the richest coffee in the world ₢. It was created by Colombia's National Federation of Coffee Growers through Procafecol S.A.; the latter being a company established in 2002.
 NBCUniversal Television Distribution (NUTD) is the television distribution arm of the NBCUniversal Television Group in the United States and is a subsidiary of Comcast.
 AKOM Production Ltd. (Animation KOrea Movie) is a South Korean animation studio in Songpa-gu Seoul that has provided much work since its conception in 1985 by Nelson Shin. Its biggest claim to fame is the overseas animation of more than 200 episodes of The Simpsons a total which continues to increase. In fact they animated the first two seasons of the series exclusively.
 Diageo plc (/diːˈɑːʒiːoʊ/; other possibilities are /daɪˈʌʒiːoʊ/ or /diˈædʒioʊ/) is a British multinational alcoholic beverages company headquartered in London England. It is the world's largest producer of spirits and a major producer of beer and wine.Diageo's brands include Smirnoff (the world's best-selling vodka) Johnnie Walker (the world's best-selling blended Scotch whisky) Baileys (the world's best-selling liqueur) and Guinness (the world's best-selling stout).
 The Center for Computation & Technology or CCT is an interdisciplinary research center located on the campus of Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge LA.In 2003 the Center for Applied Information Technology and Learning (LSU CAPITAL) was integrated as a full research center on LSU’s campus as part of the Governor's Vision 2020 plan and then renamed the Center for Computation & Technology.CCT’s first director was Ed Seidel.
 Royal Ordnance plc was formed on 2 January 1985 as a public corporation owning the majority of what until then were the remaining United Kingdom government-owned Royal Ordnance Factories (abbreviated ROFs) which manufactured explosives ammunition small arms including the Lee-Enfield rifle guns and military vehicles such as tanks.
 Lifetouch Inc. is an employee-owned photography company headquartered in Eden Prairie Minnesota. It was founded as National School Studios (NSS) in 1936 by Eldon Rothgeb and R. Bruce Reinecker and incorporated in March 1948. The company provides photography for families schools and places of worship with operations in all 50 states Canada and Puerto Rico. Through Lifetouch Media Productions video support is provided to internal and external customers.
 Rexall was a chain of North American drugstores and the name of their store-branded products. The stores having roots in the federation of United Drug Stores starting in 1902 licensed the Rexall brand name to as many as 12000 drug stores across the United States from 1920 to 1977.
 Ella Baché is a skin care brand created in France by pharmacist Madame Baché in 1936.[citation needed] It is one of the oldest family-owned skincare cohmpanies in the world.[citation needed] It began with a few handmade formulations and a salon located at 8 Rue de la Paix in Paris.
 Catterton Partners is a private equity firm specializing in leveraged buyouts recapitalizations and growth capital investments in middle-market companies. The firm historically focuses on several consumer industries in the food and beverage; retail and restaurants; and consumer products (both durable and non-durable) markets. Founded in 1990 and based in Greenwich Connecticut Catterton employs more than 25 investment professionals.
 Sobee (formerly Dinc Interactive) is a game development company founded by Mevlüt Dinç in 2000. Sobee's main headquarters reside in İstanbul Turkey. The firm was purchased by Türk Telekom in 2009.
 AER was a British motorcycle manufacturer. The name was from the initials of the founder Albert E. Reynolds. Based in Liverpool and his company AE Reynolds Ltd. ceased motorcycle production on the outbreak of the Second World War.
 [[ thumbnailThe Nura Nova departin Ciutadella.]]Iscomar (Compania Iscomar S.A.) is a company that operates a single ferry service between Alcudia on the Balearic island of Mallorca and Ciutadella on the Balearic island of Menorca. It used to operate ferry services from the Balearics to the Spanish mainland but no longer does so owing to the precarious financial state of its parent company Contenemar.
 Mater Health Services North Queensland operates two private hospitals one established by the Sisters of Mercy in 1945 named Mater Hospital Pimlico (Formally the Mater Misericordiae Hospital Townsville) and the second purchased in 2007 named the Mater Women's and Children's Hospital Hyde Park (formerly the Wesley/Park Haven Hospital Hyde Park).
 Cognex Corporation is a manufacturer of machine vision systems software and sensors used in automated manufacturing to inspect and identify parts detect defects verify product assembly and guide assembly robots. Cognex is headquartered in Natick Massachusetts USA. It has offices in more than 20 countries.Cognex was one of the first companies[citation needed] to explore commercial applications for machine vision in the early 1980s.
 Bulb Records is a Michigan-based record label that was formed in 1993 by Peter Larson (now of the two-piece metal rock band 25 Suaves) and James Magas (now known simply as Magas).The label had originally started putting out records by local Michigan avant-garde musical acts but had later added extended its roster to nationally and internationally known artists.
 Weigel Broadcasting is an American television broadcasting company. The company is based in Chicago Illinois alongside its flagship station WCIU-TV (Channel 26) at 26 North Halsted Street in the Greektown neighborhood.
 ITV Studios (formerly ITV Productions and originally Granada Productions) is a television production company owned by the British television broadcaster ITV plc. It is primarily based in Manchester and London.
 Kaya Airlines is an Mozambican airline re-branded from Transairways and Sabin Air. The airline was established on 1991 but ceased operations afterwards. It resumed operations on 29 August 2011 flies within the country of Mozambique. Its head office is at Maputo International Airport.
 Pete Waterman Entertainment (PWE) is the production company one-time pop and dance record label owned by pop mogul Pete Waterman. The label originally PWL (Pete Waterman Limited) is most famous for being the home of hit record producers Stock Aitken Waterman.
 Age Scotland is a registered charity in Scotland formed on 1 April 2009 by the merger of Help the Aged in Scotland and Age Concern Scotland.Scotland’s largest charity for older people operated under its joint legacy brands as Age Concern and Help the Aged in Scotland until the new brand launched in April 2010 It also works interdependently with charities for the nations called Age Cymru Age NI and Age UK.
 Vahanen Group is a large Finnish owned technical consulting organization in the construction and property branch. Mikko Vahanen established a structural engineering firm bearing his own name in 1955 and with the lead of son Risto Vahanen it has further developed into Vahanen Group an international consulting organization with over 450 employees.
 The Société Générale des Transports Aériens (SGTA) was a French airline founded in 1919. It operated until 1933 when its assets were incorporated in the newly created Air France airline.
 P.A.M. Transportation Services Inc. is an irregular route over-the-road trucking company that is based in Tontitown Arkansas. Founded in April 1980 P.A.M’s current service area covers the lower continental 48 states as well as the southern parts of Ontario Canada. In the early 1990s P.A.M. began providing transportation services to Mexico under agreements with several Mexican trucking carriers.[1]P.A.M.
 The Ohio Bell Telephone Company is the Bell Operating Company serving most of Ohio and parts of West Virginia. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of AT&T.Its headquarters is the Ohio Bell Building at 750 Huron Road Cleveland Ohio and formerly had a secondary headquarters at 150 East Gay Street Columbus Ohio.
 JESS3 is an interactive agency based in Los Angeles CA specializing in data visualization social media strategy infographics branding and web design. The firm has worked with clients including Google Nike Intel Facebook ESPN and Samsung.
 United Kingdom charity Paranormal Site Investigators (PSI) is dedicated to advancing education research and heritage in the area of anomalous experience. The charity has a membership of around 1400. The charity patron is Peter Underwood.PSI publishes the Journal of Investigative Psychical Research free to subscribers since 2005; the journal is kept by the library of the Society for Psychical Research and the British Library.
 Champlin Architecture is an American architectural firm headquartered in Cincinnati Ohio. The firm has designed buildings in the greater Cincinnati area and in other midwest cities.
 Insilicos is a life science software company founded in 2002 by Erik Nilsson Brian Pratt and Bryan Prazen. Insilicos develops scientific computing software to provide software for disease diagnoses.
 Sam's West Inc. (doing business as Sam's Club) is an American chain of membership-only retail warehouse clubs owned and operated by Wal-Mart Stores Inc. founded in 1983 and named after Walmart founder Sam Walton. As of 2012 Sam's Club chain serves 47 million U.S. and Puerto Rican members and is the 8th largest U.S. retailer.
 Openfilm is a website for finding and distributing independent film. Its Advisory Board includes members of the film industry such as James Caan Robert Duvall Scott Caan and Mark Rydell and independent filmmaker Alan Melikdjanian.Open The site was named Best Online Video Sharing Site by Videomaker Magazine in their 2008 Best Products of the Year feature.
 MaxAir is a Nigerian charter airline based at Murtala Muhammed International Airport.
 For other uses of the term Ivy League see Ivy League (disambiguation)Ivy League Records is a record label based in Sydney Australia.
 Viação Aérea Bahiana was a Brazilian airline founded in 1945. It ceased operations on November 4 1948.
 Taco Cabana is an American fast casual restaurant chain specializing in Mexican cuisine. A wholly owned subsidiary of Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc it is headquartered in San Antonio Texas. As of May 2013 Taco Cabana had 165 locations throughout Texas Oklahoma and New Mexico.Most Taco Cabana restaurants have a drive thru and many are open 24 hours a day and for most of the chain's history all locations were painted in the company's signature pink.
 York Publishing Services is a full range publisher based in the north of England. They provide services for being self publishers and established publishers.
 Information Broadcast Unlimited is a broadcast company owned by Comclark (which also owns Angeles City Cable Television Network). Its headquarters are located at Comclark Bldg. Clark Freeport Zone Angeles City Pampanga.
 SaveUp is a free financial management site and app for iPhone that uses prizes to incentivize Americans to save money and pay down debt. The company was founded in 2011 by Priya Haji and Sammy Shreibati. It has partnered with the thinktank Filene Research Institute. SaveUp has raised $7M in funding from BlueRun Ventures and True Ventures.
 Panther Lake Camping Resort is a camping resort in Northern New Jersey. The resort has a 45-acre lake on 160 acres. Panther Lake Campground is 50 miles away from New York City. Panther Lake offer four options cabins trailers people who tent and RV's. Panther Lake Camping Resort has a beach right on the lake and also has a pool and a hot tub. Guests are allowed to boat fish swim and hike kayak and canoe.
 Godden Mackay Logan is an Australian consultancy firm specialising in the areas of heritage advice historical and Aboriginal archaeology and interpretation of heritage places.The firm was established in 1973 in Sydney by Don Godden Richard MacKay and David Logan. It has undertaken work at Angkor Wat Mawson's Huts in Antarctica Lake Mungo National Park and the Sydney Opera House.
 Net4 (known as Net 4 India) is an internet domain registrar and web hosting company based in New Delhi.
 Xtralis is a privately held firm that manufactures smoke detection gas detection and video surveillance security products for the early detection visual verification and prevention of fire and intrusion threats.
 Deluxe Corporation is one of the two largest check printers in the United States and provides various personalized products and services to small businesses financial institutions and consumers. Some of the services available from Deluxe Corp are design services website services print marketing promotional products and fraud protection services.Deluxe and its subsidiary brands including New England Business Services Inc.
 Concord Group is a one of the largest Bangladeshi construction and real estate conglomerates. The industries under this conglomerate include construction real estate architecture & design communication entertainment hospitality garments etc. Concrod Group was established the by Bangladeshi entrepreneur SM Kamaluddin. It has built more than 1000 technically challenging construction projects in Bangladesh and abroad.
 The Mitchell's Fish Market chain was founded by restaurateur Cameron Mitchell of Columbus Ohio and formed part of the Cameron Mitchell Restaurants group. In 2008 the 22 restaurants were sold to Ruth's Chris Steak House (later renamed Ruth's Hospitality Group) for $92m.
 Pagadian Information TeleVision or ITV-8 is the first and only 24-hour information channel aired only in Pagadian City and Zamboanga del Sur. ITV-8 is broadcast from its headquarters in Pagadian City and is aired through cable television providers Kismet Cable Incorporated and Pagadian Cable TeleVision(PCTV).The channel aires information bulletins and advertisements; it also aires video coverages taken by ABS-CBN Pagadian with consent from the network.
 AirAsia Japan Co. Ltd (エアアジア・ジャパン株式会社 Eāajia Japan Kabushiki-Gaisha) was a low-cost airline headquartered in Tokyo Japan which operated from August 2012 to October 2013. It was a joint venture between Malaysia's AirAsia and Japan's All Nippon Airways and was the fifth subsidiary of AirAsia and the ninth of ANA. Its headquarters was in Shiodome City Center in Minato Tokyo.
 Mistwalker Corporation (ミストウォーカー Misutowōkā) is a Japanese video game development studio founded by Hironobu Sakaguchi (the creator of the popular Final Fantasy series) in 2004 with the financial backing of Microsoft. The logo and name were trademarked in 2001.
 Pidilite Industries Limited (BSE: 500331 NYSE: MMM) is the largest adhesive manufacturer in India. It also has world wide presence in adhesives art material construction chemicals and other industrial chemicals.Pidilite's most famous product is the Fevicol range of adhesives. Its other famous brands are  Fevikwik Dr. Fixit Cyclo Ranipal Hobby Ideas M-seal and Acron.Pidilite's corporate office is located in Andheri (East) Mumbai.
 Teknekron Corporation is one of the world's first technology-focused business incubators. Teknekron was founded in 1968 by Harvey Wagner and several UC Berkeley professors. By 1991 it had grown to $225 million in revenue a 40% annual rate of growth. .The company is registered in the tax shelter of Incline Village in Nevada.
 General Dynamics C4 Systems is a business unit of American defense and aerospace company General Dynamics. General Dynamics C4 Systems is a leading integrator of secure communication and information systems and technology. General Dynamics C4 Systems has core manufacturing in secure communications networks; radios and satellite technology for the military public safety and scientific communities.
 Piranha Bytes is a German video game developer known for their Gothic role-playing video game series.
 Tornado Studios is a video game company that is located in Tulsa Oklahoma.It is staffed by veteran game designers from videogame companies that include Square Ubisoft and EA.
 Created in 1995 Integrated Benefits Institute (IBI) is a United States national not-for profit organization with more than 700 members providing modeling and measurement tools across benefits programs research and analysis and a discussion and education forum.
 Petrol Group is a Slovenian oil distributing company one of the largest in Slovenia and the former Yugoslavia which has 454 petrol stations of which there are:307 in Slovenia;36 in Bosnia and Herzegovina;92 in Croatia;8 in Serbia5 in Montenegro;6 in Kosovo;.
 Iranian Rail industries development Co (IRICO) (Persian: ایریکو‎) is an Iranian manufacturer of passenger rolling stock. The company was founded in 2003 and began series production of rail vehicles in 2009. The company has license manufactured rolling stock in cooperation with Hyundai Rotem
 Nickelodeon Games Group formerly Neopets Inc. develops and manages all virtual world initiatives for kids tweens teens and families for the Nickeloden Kids & Family Group.
 Lucas Industries plc was a famous British manufacturer of components for the motor industry and aerospace industry. It was based in Birmingham. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was once a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. In August 1996 Lucas merged with the American Varity Corporation to form LucasVarity plc.The Lucas trademark is currently owned by TRW Automotive and is licensed to Elta Lighting for aftermarket auto parts in the United Kingdom.
 Spry Resources India Pvt Ltd is an Information Technology services company based in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh. The company was founded in 1998. In 2009 SPRY Resources India Pvt Ltd operates as a Subsidiary of Comp-u-Learn Tech India Ltd.Spry provides software services in the areas of e-governance Internet/Intranet/Extranet applications multi-tier and client-server application groupware and workflow applications and ERP. Spry Resources is an ISO 9001 level 2000 Company.
 Ku6 Media (NASDAQ:KUTV) an online video company was established in 2006 and now is based in Beijing China. Those videos posted on Ku6 website include news movies television dramas music videos entertainment sports and other programs video-sharing and watching user-generated content (UGC). Ku6 Media was originally founded as Hurray! Holding Co. Ltd. and changed its name to Ku6 Media Co. Ltd. in August 2010.
 Brijan Tours is a bus and coach company based in Curdridge Hampshire England. It operates a number of local bus services as well as private hire services.
 f.y.e. standing for For Your Entertainment is a chain of entertainment media stores in the United States. As one of several Trans World Entertainment brands it began in 1993 and was expanded in 2001 after buying out and rebranding mall-based Camelot Strawberries Record Town and Coconuts stores.
 Komerční banka (KB) is a major bank in the Czech Republic. It serves about 1.5 million customers in more than 350 branches.The bank was founded in 1990 following separation of commercial activities from the former Státní banka československá (State Bank of Czechoslovakia). In 1992 the bank was partially privatized in voucher privatization. In 2001 the government sold its 60% stake in the bank to Société Générale for 40 CZK billion.
 UrgentRx is an American pharmaceutical manufacturer. It is headquartered in Denver Colorado and was founded in 2010 by entrepreneur Jordan Eisenberg.UrgentRx makes a line of single-dose OTC medications that are flavored and powdered. The products can be taken without water and come in single-dose credit card-sized packets. The company claims the powder acts faster than pills. UrgentRx was initially developed as a way for potential heart attack victims to carry aspirin with them.
 The Airscoot was a quite unusual car made by the Wichita Kansas-based company Aircraft Products in 1947 to fit the need for a small car that could commute to and from airports then be folded up and put aboard private aircraft. It was able to attain this goal by weighing a mere 72 lb (33 kg) and measuring only 37 inches (940 mm) in length. Passenger and stowage accommodations included seats for two passengers and a luggage rack in front for two suitcases.
 Plum Pictures was founded in 2003 by Galt Niederhoffer Celine Rattray and Daniela Taplin Lundberg. Based in downtown Manhattan the company produces two to five films a year with a focus on both studio and independent films. The company also finances up to two films a year.The company's film Grace is Gone received two awards at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival including Best Audience Award and Best Screenplay.
 AB Svensk Filmindustri or Svensk Filmindustri (SF) is a Swedish film production company distributor (both Swedish and international) and movie theatre chain currently owned by the Bonnier Group. It was established on 27 December 1919.It produced most of the films made by Ingmar Bergman as well as a long list of films by other Swedish filmmakers.
 NetSpeed was a broadband Internet access company based in the United States. It was acquired by Cisco Systems on March 10 1998. NetSpeed's DSL products were the first service provider and customer premise DSL equipment to be production deployed at a major U.S. service provider US West.The founder of NetSpeed John McHale also started NetWorth Inc. in 1989. NetWorth Inc a manufacturer of 10BASE-T Ethernet equipment was acquired by Compaq in 1994.
 Honest Jon's is an independent record shop based on Portobello Road in Ladbroke Grove London operating since 1974. The shop is owned and run by Mark Ainley and Alan Scholefield who took over from one of the original proprietors Honest Jon Clare. Their record label of the same name is run in conjunction with Damon Albarn who has been quoted as saying: I don't really like the term world music.
 Knowledge Ontario is a non-profit organization supporting a number of related province-wide initiatives in Ontario Canada providing library and information resources learning experiences and related services to people across all ages locations education levels and cultural institutions. Knowledge Ontario currently comprises five projects: Ask Ontario (or AskON) Connect Ontario Learn Ontario Our Ontario and Resource Ontario as well as the eResources Portal which was launched in 2010.
 BAE Systems Marine Ltd. was the shipbuilding subsidiary of BAE Systems formed in 1999 which manufactured the full range of naval ships; nuclear submarines frigates destroyers amphibious ships.In 2003 BAE Systems Marine was split into separate submarine and surface ship units; BAE Systems Submarines and BAE Systems Naval Ships. The latter was merged into a BAE Systems/VT Group joint venture BVT Surface Fleet in 2008 which subsequently became BAE Systems Surface Ships in 2009.
 Metso is a supplier of technology automation and services to customers in the mining construction and oil and gas industries. The company is also known for its advanced automation solutions for pulp paper and power generation. Metso’s shares are listed on the NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Ltd. The company employs 18000 people in 50 countries.
 Lucas Oil Products is an American manufacturer and distributor of automotive oil additives and lubricants. It was founded by trucker Forrest Lucas and his wife Charlotte in 1989.Lucas Oil is not related to LUKOIL a Russian-owned petroleum company that owns and operates gasoline stations throughout the Northeast USA.
 The American Film Market (AFM) is a film industry event held each year at the beginning of November in Santa Monica California. About 8000 people attend the eight day event to network and to sell finance and acquire films. Participants come from more than 70 countries and include acquisition and development executives agents attorneys directors distributors festival directors financiers film commissioners producers writers etc.
 Maple Energy is an integrated independent energy company with assets and operations in Peru. Indigenous people form Peru's Amazon took over 9 of its oil wells in 2012.
 Inniskillin is a Canadian winery located in Niagara-on-the-Lake Ontario. Inniskillin which is mainly noted for its icewine production has played an important pioneering role in the modern Canadian wine industry. Since 1994 Inniskillin also operates a winery in Okanagan British Columbia (Inniskillin Okanagan) in addition to its original location (Inniskillin Niagara).
 Video Research Ltd. (株式会社ビデオリサーチ) is a Japanese marketing research company conducting audience measurement for television and radio. Since its foundation in 1962 Video Research has created its own nationwide network of branch offices and founded two international subsidiaries. Video Research USA Inc. was founded in April 1998 and Video Research International (Thailand) Ltd. in January 2002.
 Wausau Homes is a construction and building materials company in the United States.
 Amprion GmbH (formerly RWE Transportnetz Strom GmbH) is one of the four transmission system operators for electricity in Germany with approx. 950 employees.It is a member of European Network of Transmission System Operators for Electricity (ENTSO-E).
 Coyne Airways is an all cargo airline based in London United Kingdom. It has a separate operation in Dubai UAE. It operates scheduled cargo flights to Georgia Armenia Azerbaijan Kazakhstan Afghanistan Iraq UAE using Antonov Boeing and Ilyushin aircraft as required. Its main bases are London Stansted Cologne/Bonn Airport and Dubai International Airport.It is listed as the 95th largest carrier in terms of freight ton kilometres by Airline Business magazine in its November 2008 issue.
 Norcem Brevik is a cement factory located at Brevik in Porsgrunn Norway. Established as Dalen Portland Cementfabrikk in 1916 production commenced in 1919. The plant merged with Christiania Portland Cementfabrikk and Nordland Portland Cementfabrikk in 1968 to establish Norcem which is now part of HeidelbergCement. The facility has an annual output of 1.2 million tonnes.
 Freeverse Inc. (formerly Freeverse Software) is a computer and video game and desktop software developer owned by Ngmoco. Based in New York City Freeverse titles received numerous awards including a Macworld Game Hall of Fame two Macworld San Francisco Best of Shows and three Apple Design Awards in 2004. Its original characters appeared in TimeDigital Wired and Animation World magazines as well as in national television commercials for Blockbuster Video.
 SGSPAA branded as Jemena for its operations within Australia is an Australian energy infrastructure company. It is jointly owned by State Grid Corporation of China and Singapore Power.
 Nervous Records is a New York City record label of underground house music and hip-hop founded in 1991. Noted for early productions by notables including Armand Van Helden Mood II Swing Masters At Work and Josh Wink. Arguably the best selling and most popular artist on the label is Kim English.
 Paine Webber and Company was an American stock brokerage and asset management firm that was acquired by the Swiss bank UBS AG in 2000. The company was founded in 1880 in Boston Massachusetts by William Alfred Paine and Wallace G. Webber. Operating with two employees they leased premises at 48 Congress Street in May 1881. The company was renamed Paine Webber & Co. when Charles Hamilton Paine became a partner.
 The Housing and Commerce Bank (HCB) is a bank in Asmara Eritrea.
 Twitter is an online social networking and microblogging service that enables users to send and read short 140-character text messages called tweets. Registered users can read and post tweets but unregistered users can only read them. Users access Twitter through the website interface SMS or mobile device app. Twitter Inc.
 Revolution LLC is an investment firm. Revolution claims to target innovative technologies and disruptive ideas that have the potential to reinvent traditional consumer markets. Launched by AOL founder Steve Case Donn Davis and Tige Savage in 2005 and based in Washington D.C. Revolution is composed of three separate entities – Revolution Ventures Revolution Growth and Revolution Places. Notable companies Revolution has invested in include LivingSocial and Zipcar.
 bet-at-home.com AG is a leading European online gambling and sports betting company that was founded in 1999 by Jochen Dickinger and Franz Ömer. bet-at-home.com transformed into a joint stock corporation in May 2004 in December of the same year was listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. bet-at-home.com has offices located in Germany Austria Malta and Gibraltar. Through their Maltese companies the company has been issued licenses for sports betting and casino.
 NetTrolley.com was incorporated in July 2011 as NetTrolley Limited. It is the first fully online provider of grocery delivery services in Jamaica. The growing number of internet users in Jamaica gives NetTrolley.com access to the emerging market.
 Ultra was the designation adopted by British military intelligence in June 1941 for wartime signals intelligence obtained by breaking high-level encrypted enemy radio and teleprinter communications at the Government Code and Cypher School (GC&CS) at Bletchley Park. Ultra eventually became the standard designation among the western Allies for all such intelligence.
 The Chiba Bank Ltd. (株式会社千葉銀行 Kabushiki-gaisha Chiba Ginkō) (TYO: 8331) is the biggest bank in Chiba Prefecture Japan. Listed on the Nikkei 225 it has branches in Osaka New York London and Hong Kong. Chiba Bank is the third-largest of Japan’s 64 regional banking groups in terms of total assets. As of March 2008 it had total assets of ¥9.8 trillion and a loan portfolio topping ¥6.6 trillion which also made it one of the world's 200 largest banks. It employs a full-time staff of 3675.
 Song Audio Ltd. is a high-end audio equipment manufacturer importer and distributor in Canada. Song Audio manufactures vacuum tube preamplifiers power amplifiers and loudspeakers and exports solid-state integrated amplifiers under the marque Vasant_K [1] from Thailand. Song Audio continues to distribute Loth-X loudspeakers in Canada though the manufacturer has closed in Singapore.
 Ibex Airlines Co. Ltd. (アイベックスエアラインズ株式会社 Aibekkusu Earainzu Kabushiki-gaisha) is an airline headquartered in Kōtō Tokyo Japan. It operates domestic services from Tokyo. Its main base is Sendai Airport Natori Miyagi.
 Murdock Middle School is a suburban-based middle school located in Port Charlotte Florida. Construction initiated in 1986 and the school's first official school year was in 1988. In May 2007 it graduated its 18th 8th grade class. The school's education basis is very oriented around the Sunshine State Standards which are the basis of the Florida Comprehensive Assessment Test (FCAT) which all three grades (Sixth - Eighth) take every year in the month of March.
 Colonel Gray Sr. High School (CGHS) colloquially referred to as The Gray is a Canadian secondary school in Charlottetown Prince Edward Island. Its zone includes students from the central parts of Queens County in the City of Charlottetown.The school is administratively part of the English Language School Board. Its official colours are Maroon and Gray and the mascot is a Colonel. The sports teams from The Gray are called the Colonel Gray Colonels.
 Natuk Vivekananda Vidyamandir also abbreviated as N.V.B is one of the oldest school in the village Natuk of sub-division Ghatal Paschim Medinipur West Bengal India. This school was established by Upendranath Santra in 1896 and named by Gopal Maharaj of Fulchak ashram.
 Joint Services Command and Staff College (JSCSC) is a British military academic establishment providing training and education to experienced officers of the Royal Navy Army Royal Air Force Ministry of Defence Civil Service and serving officers of other states.
 The College of Letters and Science is the largest college at the University of California Santa Barbara.The College which offers 80 majors and 38 minors to over 17000 undergraduates and 2000 graduate students has about 700 faculty members.
 Spokane Valley High School (also known as SVHS) is a enterprising school of choice founded on relationships and driven to actively challenge students. It is a non-traditional all-day project-based school which has won Washington Achievement Award and Washington Designated Innovative Schools Award. In addition to all-day programs the school also offers Transition and G.E.D.
 The Nova Southeastern University College of Osteopathic Medicine is the graduate medical school of Nova Southeastern University. It is located in Davie in the U.S. state of Florida.The College of Osteopathic Medicine is part of the Health Professions Division of the university.
 Tamil Nadu Horticultural University (TNHU) is an agricultural university located Coimbatore Tamil Nadu India focusing on the science of Horticulture. It was established on 28 February 2011 with the Faculty of Horticultural Science & Institutes of Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU) as nucleus.
 St. Stephen's University is a small Christian trans-denominational university located in the town of St. Stephen New Brunswick Canada.
 Delia Memorial School (Matteo Ricci) (Chinese: 地利亞修女紀念學校（利瑪竇）) commenced its service in 1984 operating under the management of Delia Group of Schools. It joined the government Direct Subsidy Scheme in September 2000 and became a non-profitable organization located at Kwun Tong Hong Kong. It is a full-time coeducational grammar school offering S1 – S6 curricula and recommending qualified candidates to sit the Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education Examination.
 Temecula Valley High School is a public high school for grades 9-12 in Temecula California. The school opened in 1985 as the city's first high school along with Margarita Middle School and Temecula Elementary School. When it was built it was a part of the Elsinore Union High School District (now the Lake Elsinore Unified School District) until the Temecula Valley Unified School District was founded.
 Syracuse High School consists of grades 10-12. The school is located in Syracuse Utah in the Davis School District. The school's official mascot has been selected as the Titan along with school colors blue green black and white. The school opened for the 2007-2008 school year on August 29 2007.The school's yearbook has traditionally been entitled Mnemosyne each year the name of the Titan of memory. In its first operating year there was no senior class.
 Mission Early College High School is a high school located in the Socorro Independent School District in El Paso Texas.The school combines the normal Texas Education Agency curriculum with that of El Paso Community College. Students at Mission Early College High School are concurrently enrolled in high school and college courses.. Like other early college high schools in the nation students exit the program with both an associate’s degree and a high school diploma.
 Ashland High School is a public secondary school in Ashland Massachusetts. It was opened in January of 2005. It is designed to be an environmentally friendly school. The high school was estimated to cost over $40 million dollars with athletic facilities included in the original plans. However the athletic complex and practice fields were not established until several years later.
 Lowther College was a private school for girls in the late 19th and 20th centuries. The school was originally formed in 1896 at Lytham St. Annes in Lancashire by Mrs. Florence Morris (later Lindley).In 1920 the school moved to Bodelwyddan Castle as tenants; however Lowther College purchased the property five years later in 1925.
 Lonoke High School is a nationally recognized and accredited public high school located in the rural community of Lonoke Arkansas United States. The school provides comprehensive secondary education for approximately 550 students each year in grades 9 through 12. It is one of four public high schools in Lonoke County Arkansas and the only high school administered by the Lonoke School District.
 Mithila has been reputed for its great and outstanding culture civilization tradition and heritage in the whole world since time immmemorial. The splendour of the ideal life of Mother Sita not only purified the soil of mithila but also spread brightness in the entire universe. On this very fertile land of Mithila famous eye surgeon Dr.
 Columbus Tustin Middle School is an intermediate school in Tustin California. It is named after Columbus Tustin the founder of the city of Tustin. It enrolls students in sixth through eighth grade. Columbus Tustin Middle School is a Blue Ribbon School of Excellence.[citation needed]
 The Student School is an alternative high school in the Toronto District School Board founded in 1979. It has approximately 160 students and generally offers 11th and 12th grade academic courses. It is in the same building as Western Technical-Commercial School and Ursula Franklin Academy.The Student School allows students to vote on significant school policies and actions taken on by the school community in bi-weekly general assemblies. Notably students and teachers alike receive one vote.
 Gore High School is one of two secondary schools in Gore New Zealand. It is located on Coutts Road in the west of Gore.
 St. Mary's Academy is a private Catholic girls' school in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. It was founded by the Grey Nuns in 1869 and became the oldest continually operating independent school in the province.[citation needed] In the late 1960s the school became primarily focused on education of junior and senior high school girls. It is currently run by the Sisters of the Holy Names of Jesus and Mary.The school moved to its present location in 1903.
 The Dorchester Area Schools Partnership (DASP) is a group of 19 schools in the Dorchester area. It includes 13 first schools three middles schools one upper school (The Thomas Hardye School) one independent school and a learning centre.
 Strong Rock Christian School is a private K–12 Christian school in Locust Grove Georgia.
 The Tone Okrogar Primary School (Osnovna šola Toneta Okrogarja) is a primary school located in Zagorje ob Savi Slovenia and founded in 1860. It has two subsidiary school located in Kisovec and Šentlambert. It hosts the Nicholas fair (Miklavžev sejem) and releases the school news titled New steps (Novi koraki) yearly. It is best known as the school of Janez Drnovšek former president of Slovenia born in Kisovec.
 Suranaree Wittaya School is a secondary school in Nakhon Ratchasima Thailand. Named for the city's famed 19th century heroine Thao Suranari it is Nakhon Ratchasima's top school according to The Nation newspaper. It is also oversubscribed and in March 2007 saw 500 applicants for 480 places at the school.
 Suva Adventist College is a coeducational Christian secondary school in Suva Fiji established in 1993.
 Carroll Christian Schools began as Carroll Christian Academy in 1973 in conjunction with the Church of the Open Door in Westminster Maryland. The school slowly grew and added grades throughout the 1970s until its first high school graduation in 1982. Dr. Aletha Carlson was the first principal of the school.
 Vilniaus lietuvių namai is a Lithuanian gymnasium located in Naujininkai a southern neighborhood of Vilnius Lithuania.
 Petit Seminaire Higher Secondary School is a higher secondary school for boys in the union territory of Puducherry India.
 Changsha Normal University (simplified Chinese: 长沙师范学院; traditional Chinese: 長沙師範學院; pinyin: Chángshā Shīfàn Xuéyuàn) is a university located in Changsha Hunan China.As of fall 2013 the university has two campuses a combined student body of 10000 students 600 faculty members.The university consists of 10 departments with 6 specialties for undergraduates. The university covers a total area of 1100 mu with more than 10178 square meters of floor space.
 Ottawa – Glandorf Local School District is headquartered in eastern Putnam County Ohio in the United States. The district serves students from the villages of Glandorf and Ottawa as well as parts of Blanchard Greensburg Liberty Pleasant and Union Townships and all of Ottawa Township. The Ottawa – Glandorf Local School District is the largest local school district in Putnam County of which Ottawa is the county seat.
 Dhrubachand Haldar College established in 1965 is an undergraduate college in Dakshin Barasat West Bengal India. It is affiliated with the University of Calcutta.
 Woodgrove Secondary school is a secondary school in Woodlands Singapore. The school was founded by pioneer Principal Mrs Helena Song Kheng Sin in year 2000 and opened by Dr Maliki Osman MP for Sembawang GRC in 5 July 2002.The school enrolled 320 Secondary 1 students and supported by 23 teaching and other supporting staffs.The school had its first batch of student candidates taking national examinations in year 2003.
 The Vanika Vaisya College of Science and Technology( V V College of Science and Technology ) a self Financing Institution managed by Vanika Vaisya Educational and Employment Trust is situated in Kanjikode 17 km away from Palakkad Kerala. The college started in 2002 with an aim to provide the youngsters especially in the rural areas to pursue studies in non-conventional courses.The college is affiliated to the University of Calicut.There are 24 members in the teaching faculty.
 The Seemant Institute Of Technology (SIT) is an engineering college located at Pithoragarh Uttarakhand India. It was established in 2011 as a constituent institute of Uttarakhand Technical University. The college was established financed by the government of Uttarakhand and managed by Uttarakhand Technical University. It is ranked among the government engineering colleges of uttarakhand.
 The University of California (UC) is a public university system in the U.S. state of California.
 The Crane Theological School was a Universalist seminary at Tufts University founded in 1869 as the Tufts College Divinity School and closed in 1968. It was one of three Universalist seminaries founded in America during the nineteenth century. (The others were the Theological School of St.
 Shenzhen Experimental School commonly referred to as SZSY is a public school in Shenzhen which consists of five sections high school middle school secondary school elementary school and kindergarten.Though founded relatively late in 1985 the school quickly gained its reputation as an elite school in Shenzhen as well as the nation.
 Rio Hondo Preparatory School familiarly known as Rio Hondo Prep RHP or simply Rio is a day school for grades 6–12. Founded in 1964 it is located in Arcadia California.
 North Baltimore Local School District is a school district in Northwest Ohio USA. The school district serves students who live in the city of North Baltimore in Wood County. As of the 2006-2007 academic year the school district enrolls 845 students. The superintendent is Kyle Clark.
 Wilfrid Laurier University is a public research university located in Waterloo Ontario Canada. It also has campuses in Brantford Ontario Kitchener Ontario and Toronto Ontario and a future proposed campus in Milton Ontario. It is named in honour of Sir Wilfrid Laurier the seventh Prime Minister of Canada. Laurier offers a full range of undergraduate and graduate programs in a variety of fields.
 Technical and Engineering Campus of Shahid Beheshti University (formerly known as Power and Water University of Technology) (PWUT) (Persian: دانشگاه صنعت آب و برق Dāneshgāh-e San'ate Aabo Bargh‎) is a state university of technology engineering and science in Iran. PWUT is also the technical training center for Power and Water industries in Iran.
 The Rouen Business School (French: Ecole Supérieure de Commerce de Rouen) is a leading French business school.Rouen Business School's quality is recognized by its triple-crown accreditations (AACSB AMBA EQUIS) and its Financial Times' ranking 13th position best European Master in Management. The Financial Times also highlights the particular quality of the education it provides in finance ranking the Grande Ecole program 8th best in Europe and 4th best in France.
 The Autonomous University of Baja California Ensenada is a public research university campus located in Ensenada Baja California. The branch under the Autonomous University of Baja California maintains two sub-campus' or extensions in Valle Dorado and San Quintin.The Ensenada campus is known for being the oceanographic research center in Mexico with its College of Marine science and its Institute for Oceanographic Research which publishes its own international research journal.
 The General Certificate of Education (GCE) is an academic qualification that examination boards in the United Kingdom and a few of the former British colonies or Commonwealth countries notably Sri Lanka and Singapore confer to students. The GCE traditionally comprised two levels: the Ordinary Level (O Level) and the Advanced Level (A Level).
 Seabreeze International School abbreviated as SIS is an English-medium school located in Dhaka Bangladesh. It was founded in 2005 serving the International and Bengali communities in Dhaka.
 The campus of Chungbuk Provincial University of Science and Technology lies in Okcheon County North Chungcheong province South Korea. It employs about 25 professors providing instruction in a variety of technical fields. The current president is Jin-Young Lee.
 The Pennsylvania College of Art & Design (PCA&D) is a non-profit professional art college located in Lancaster Pennsylvania USA.The college offers Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) degrees in digital media fine art graphic design illustration and photography.
 Northern Negros State College of Science and Technology (NONESCOST) is a state college in Sagay Negros Occidental Philippines.
 Collège Lionel-Groulx is a Canadian general and vocational college (CEGEP) located in Sainte-Thérèse Quebec. The college has about 5200 full-time students and 2000 continuing education students.
 University of the Rockies (UoR) is a for-profit graduate school located in Colorado Springs Colorado. As of February 2013 the university offers three different Master of Arts degrees: Master of Arts in Human Services Master of Arts in Organizational Development and Leadership and Master of Arts in Psychology.
 Heritage University (formerly named Holy Names College and Fort Wright College) is a higher education institution located in Toppenish Washington on the Yakama Indian Reservation. It offers associate's bachelor's and master's degrees in a number of academic disciplines including: English business administration mathematics computer science chemistry biology social workeducation↑ 1.0 1.1
 The Art Institute of Portland (AiPD) is a college in Portland Oregon United States that grants bachelor and associate degrees in advertising apparel accessory design apparel design design management design studies digital film and video game art and design graphic design industrial design interactive media design interior design media arts and animation photography and design visual and game programming and visual effects and motion graphics.
 The University of Guayaquil (Spanish: Universidad de Guayaquil) known colloquially as the Estatal (i.e. State in the same sense as for example a school such as Iowa State would simply be called State by local students) is a public university located in Guayaquil Guayas Province Ecuador. It is the oldest university in the city and has the largest student body. It operates six extension universities throughout the country.[citation needed]
 Central Lancaster High School (CLHS) is a secondary school and sixth form located in Lancaster England. Located on Crag Road on the Ridge area in east Lancaster the school originally opened in 1966 as Castle Secondary Modern School but in 1986 amalgamated with Greaves Secondary Modern School from the south side of Lancaster moving all the Greaves pupils up to the larger more modern site on Crag Road and renaming the two amalgamated schools as Central Lancaster High School.
 Mutanda Primary School is a day school located within Sakubva high density township in Mutare Zimbabwe. It is one of the primary school that has the largest intake. Students typically walk to school in some instances students walk long distances to school.
 Southwood Middle School Center for the Arts more commonly known as Southwood Middle School is a public secondary school located on 16301 Southwest 80th Avenue in Palmetto Bay Florida. The principal is Ms. Magda Pereira. Southwood has been recognized by the Blue Ribbon Schools Program.The mascot for the school is the SuperStar a cartoonish star who wears a top hat and carries a cane. This image appears on the outside of the main building.
 The Diplomatic Academy of Vienna or simply DA (in German: Diplomatische Akademie Wien) is a postgraduate professional school based in Vienna Austria with focused training for students and professionals in the areas of international affairs political science law languages history and economics.The school confers Master's degrees and postgraduate diplomas upon its graduates. It is the only member of the Association of Professional Schools of International Affairs in Austria.
 The QUT Business School is one of six faculties at the Queensland University of Technology. It is home to the QUT Graduate School of Business as well as four-discipline focused schools; the School of Accountancy the School of Advertising Marketing and Public Relations the School of Economics and Finance and the School of Management.
 The University of Santo Tomas College of Architecture is the architectural school of the University of Santo Tomas the oldest and the largest Catholic university in Manila Philippines.Established in 1930 the college is one of the first architectural schools in the Philippines.
 Tom Bean High School is a 2A public high school located in Tom Bean Texas (USA). It is part of the Tom Bean Independent School District located in southeast Grayson County. In 2011 the school was rated Academically Acceptable by the Texas Education Agency.
 The Cameron School of Business is the business school of University of North Carolina Wilmington in Wilmington North Carolina United States. It currently enrolls 1680 undergraduate students and 175 graduate students. The graduate programs include the Professional Master of Business Administration (MBA) the International MBA the Master of Science in Accountancy and the Master of Science in Computer Science and Information Systems.
 Olentangy Liberty High School is a public comprehensive secondary school located in Powell Ohio. The school was established in 2003 and is the second of three high schools in the Olentangy Local School District. Olentangy Liberty was rated Excellent on the 2013/2014 State of Ohio report card. In 2013 the school received a gold medal ranking as the 5th best high school in the state of Ohio and the 175th best high school in the U.S. by US News and World Report.
 Detective Training School (DTS) is maintained by Criminal Investigation Department (CID) of Bangladesh Police. It is situated on 0.727 acres (2940 m2) of land at Rajarbag in Dhaka. It arranges various courses in the area of investigation and supervision. Since the inception this institute has produced a good number of highly professional investigating and detective officers. It is headed by a senior police officer in the rank of Additional DIG designated as the Commandant of this school.
 John Ferneley College is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in Melton Mowbray in the English county of Leicestershire. The school is named after John Ferneley a painter who lived in Melton Mowbray and who is regarded as one of the great British equine artists.A new school building was opened at the school site in April 2010 and an enrichment centre was opened in March 2012.
 Ridgeway School is a coeducational special school for pupils with physical disabilities located in Kempston Bedfordshire England.
 Santa Rosa City Schools are the combination of two school districts in Santa Rosa California: the Santa Rosa Elementary School District (grades K-6) and the Santa Rosa High School District (grades 7-12).
 The Colégio de Aplicação da UFRJ (Laboratory School of UFRJ) also known as CAp UFRJ is a public federal school maintained by UFRJ the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro. Being a laboratory school it also serves as a training ground for future teachers graduating on UFRJ.
 The American University of Antigua (AUA) is a for-profit private medical institution of higher education located near the capital city of St. John's in the Caribbean nation of Antigua and Barbuda. The sole program at AUA is the College of Medicine.
 Osborne King originally Osborne King & Megran is a commercial property consultancy firm based in Belfast UK and private partnership of chartered surveyors in the United Kingdom. It is among the oldest firms of its kind in Ireland having been founded in 1947. It is known for its public sector workwith contracts in defence county councils government offices and educational facilities.
 Skyview High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school in Billings Montana. The school serves 1600 students with 93 certified staff 36 support staff and 10 custodians under principal Deb Black associate principal Danette Cerise and Deans Scott Lynch and Jay Wahl. Skyview sits on 46 acres (190000 m2) and is 258000 square feet (24000 m2) in size. It is the newest of three public high schools in Billings.
 West Laurens High School is a public high school located in Dexter Georgia USA. The school is part of the Laurens County School District which serves Laurens County Georgia.
 North Atlanta High School is a high school of approximately 1600 students in Buckhead the northern part of Atlanta United States. The school is a part of Atlanta Public Schools.The school was formed after North Fulton High School combined with Northside High School during the 1991–1992 school year.
 Charleston Catholic High School is a Catholic coeducational high school located in eastern downtown Charleston West Virginia USA. CCHS was founded in 1923 and is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wheeling-Charleston.
 The Deerfield Public School District was in Lenawee County Michigan and covered the area of Deerfield Township. It has one building in Deerfield Michigan which handled a majority of the classes from Kindergarten through 12th Grade. Some 11th and 12th grade students also attend classes at Lenawee VO-TECH in Adrian Michigan.
 W.J. Mouat Secondary is a secondary school located in Abbotsford B.C. The school was recognized in the August 23 2004 edition of MacLean's magazine as one of the “Ten Most Innovative Schools in Canada.”W. J. Mouat is a large school with around 1900 students.
 St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Catholic High School (or Seton Catholic College Preparatory School) is a Catholic high school within the Archdiocese of Seattle in Vancouver Washington. The school is named after Elizabeth Ann Seton the first native-born citizen of the United States to be canonized by the Roman Catholic Church.
 Farragut High School located at 11237 Kingston Pike serves as a high school in Farragut a suburb of Knoxville Tennessee. Knox County Schools the unified Knox County Tennessee school district operates the school. The original Farragut High School built in 1904 occupied a strip of land adjacent to Kingston Pike becoming the first consolidated high school in Knox County.
 Anand Institute of Higher Technology (ஆனந்த் இன்ஸ்டிடூட் ஆப் ஹையர் டெக்னாலஜி ) is a College of Engineering that is located in Kelambakkam Chennai Tamil Nadu India.Anand Institute Of Higher Technology was founded by T.Kalasalingam. It is a sister institution of Kalasalingam University Krishnankovil. The Institute is named after the wife of T. Kalasalingam Mrs. K. Anandham Ammal.
 École Supérieure des Sciences Commerciales d’Angers (ESSCA) is one of the top twenty business schools in France.
 The Intercultural Open University Foundation (IOUF) is an international non-profit charitable foundation that provides a mentored educational experience for post-graduate and graduate learners involved in social change programs around the world.All IOUF staff and faculty contribute their time on a volunteer basis and a limited number of scholarships and subsidies for learners from developing countries are available where necessary thanks to an endowment provided by the founder of the Intercultural Open University Foundation Jan R. 
 Notre Dame Educational Association Inc. (NDEA) is a network of Notre Dame Schools in the Philippines under the patronage of the Blessed Virgin Mary owned and administered by:
 The American School of Guatemala is one of several private K-12 college preparatory schools located in Guatemala City Guatemala.The American School of Guatemala is an independent non profit non-denominational college preparatory institution offering an academic program modeled after the educational practices and methodologies of the United States.
 Lake View High School is a public 4-year high school located in the Lake View neighborhood on the north side of Chicago Illinois United States. It is a part of the Chicago Public Schools district. While the current building opened in 1886 the school itself opened in 1874 dating to a time when the Lake View community was not a part of the City of Chicago. Lake View became a part of Chicago in 1889. The school is the oldest operating public secondary school in the state of Illinois.
 The University of Peradeniya (Sinhala: පේරාදෙණිය විශ්ව විද්‍යාලය Tamil: பேராதனைப் பல்கலைக்கழகம்) is a state university in Sri Lanka funded by the University Grants Commission.
 The Westgate School is a comprehensive school in Winchester Hampshire United Kingdom.
 The École nationale supérieure d'ingénieurs de Poitiers (ENSIP) is a French generalist engineering grande école in Poitiers the regional capital of Poitou-Charentes. Its focus is on the protection of the environment and is part of the University of Poitiers one of the oldest universities in Europe.
 Hollygirt School is an independent school near the centre of Nottingham England for girls aged 3 to 16 and boys up to age 7.
 Alkauthar University (Urdu: جامعۃ الکوثر) is a Shia public research university in Islamabad Capital Territory of Pakistan. It is located in Sector H-8/2 and initially founded as the Islamic University in 2002.The university was named as “Alkauthar” at the name of Sura e Kauthar and in memory of Syeda Fatima Zahra SMA. The University is one of the top Shia institutions of Pakistan which has qualified team of teachers and researchers.
 Daniel Webster High School is a high school in Tulsa Oklahoma. It is part of the Tulsa Public Schools and is a public school for students from grades 9 through 12. The school opened in 1938 in the West Tulsa section of the city and is housed in a PWA-style Art Deco building designed by architects Arthur M. Atkinson John Duncan Forsyth Raymond Kerr and William H. Wolaver.In 2009 the school established a broadcasting and digital media magnet school program.
 St. Patrick's High School (St. Pat's) was a non-denominational school centrally located on Quinpool Road in Halifax Nova Scotia Canada.Historically a Roman Catholic public school St. Pat's was located less than one block from its rival non-denominational public school Queen Elizabeth High (QEH).
 This article is about the public-policy college at Michigan State University. For the similarly named institution in Virginia see James Madison University.James Madison College is a college of public affairs and international relations within Michigan State University in East Lansing Michigan USA.
 The Los Andes Peruvian University (UPLA) (Spanish: Universidad Peruana Los Andes) is an educational institution created on December 30 1983 (Law Nº 23.757). The main campus is situated in Huancayo Perú. It is one of the most prosperous universities in the central region of the country. It is named after the Andes mountains which surround the city of Huancayo.
 Geochang Polytechnic College also Keochang Polytechnic College is a technical college located in Geochang County South Gyeongsang Province South Korea. It is affiliated with the nationwide Korean Foundation for Polytechnic Colleges. It first opened its doors in 1997.
 Godalming Grammar School was a state-funded selective grammar School taking both boys and girls situated in Tuesley Lane Godalming England.
 Elkhorn Area Middle School is a public school in Elkhorn Wisconsin serving students in grade 6-8.
 Templenewsam Halton Primary School is a community primary school in Leeds West Yorkshire England. It was established as the village school in 1842 and has been maintaining its important role in the community ever since.
 The Singapore Management University (Abbreviation: SMU; Chinese: 新加坡管理大学; Malay: Universiti Pengurusan Singapura; Tamil: சிங்கப்பூர் நிர்வாக பல்கலைக்கழகம்) was officially incorporated on 12 January 2000 and was Singapore's first autonomous government-funded university.
 Plainville High School is a public high school in Plainville Connecticut. It is the only high school in the town of Plainville Connecticut serving roughly 873 students. Its principal is Steven LePage.
 Millburn Academy (Gaelic: Acadamaidh Allt a' Mhuilinn) is a six-year secondary school in Inverness Scotland. It serves the portion of Inverness east of the River Ness along with rural areas to the south of the city with a catchment area that includes the primary schools of Crown Daviot Drakies Inshes Raigmore and Strathdearn. The school runs parallel to the 'Mill Burn' which was originally used for a Whisky distillery. The distillery is now gone and has been replaced by a chain hotel.
 Panskura Banamali College is located in Panskura Purba Medinipur district West Bengal India. It offered science commerce and arts degrees in graduation and master degree in arts and science. This institution was established in 1960. The founder of this college was Banamali Charan Khatua a local man from the village of Namalbarh near Bhogpur railway station. The college is under Vidyasagar University.
 The Vail Academy and High School is a school located in the University of Arizona Science and Technology Park. It was founded in 1997 to accommodate the fast growing community surrounding Vail. It previously served just high school students but since then it has become a K-12 school. The school mascot is the Boxer. Students must complete a senior exit project in order to graduate as this is a requirement in the Vail Unified School District.
 B J S M Madathil V H S School is an aided school in Thazhava North Karunagapally Kollam district Kerala which was founded by V.Vasudevan Pillai in 1957 . The school which started as an Upper Primary school was upgraded to High school in 1979. Vocational Higher Secondary courses were introduced in the school from 1995. The vocational courses offered in the school are Civil construction and Maintenance M. L T MOBE T&T and OS.
 Human resource policies are systems of codified decisions established by an organization to support administrative personnel functions performance management employee relations and resource planning.Each company has a different set of circumstances and so develops an individual set of human resource policies.
 Campbell County High School is a public high school located outside of Alexandria Kentucky. It is the only high school in the Campbell County School District and the nickname is the Fighting Camels. It feeds from Campbell County Middle School and the district's five elementary schools: Crossroads Elementary Campbell Ridge Elementary Reiley Elementary Cline Elementary and Grant's Lick Elementary.
 Clifton Preparatory School Nottingham Road is a private co-educational boarding school located in the Nottingham Road area of the KwaZulu-Natal Midlands in South Africa.
 St. Mary's Roman Catholic High School is a co-educational 11-16 secondary school in Croydon England. The school is one of the longest established schools in Croydon originally founded over 140 years ago. It has expanded over the years and now caters for about 750 boys and girls the majority of whom are Catholic but the school is attended by pupils of other faiths. The head teacher is Ejiro Ughwujabo.
 International Polytechnic High School commonly abbreviated merely as iPoly is a public college preparatory demonstration high school (9-12) located on the California State Polytechnic University Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona) campus and operated by the Los Angeles County Office of Education (LACOE) in conjunction with the College of Education and Integrative Studies at the university.
 Camden Catholic High School is a four-year comprehensive private coeducational Roman Catholic high school located in Cherry Hill New Jersey serving students from the Camden County area. The school operates under the supervision of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Camden. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1934.
 Randolph College is a private liberal arts and sciences college located in Lynchburg Virginia United States. Founded in 1891 as Randolph-Macon Woman's College it was renamed on July 1 2007 when it became coeducational.The college offers 30 majors 44 minors pre-professional programs in law medicine veterinary medicine engineering and teaching and dual degree programs in engineering and nursing. Bachelor of arts bachelor of science and bachelor of fine arts degrees are offered.
 VU University Amsterdam (Dutch: Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam) or VU is a university in Amsterdam the Netherlands founded in 1880. VU is one of two large publicly funded research universities in the city the other being the University of Amsterdam (UvA).The literal translation of the Dutch name Vrije Universiteit is Free [as in liberated] University. Both within and outside the University the institution is commonly referred to as the VU (pronounced somewhat like 'vew' as in 'new').
 Smt. Shanti Devi School of Nursing is a nursing school located in the village of Saharanwas Rewari district India. It is recognised by the Indian Nursing Council.
 St Xavier's School located in Godavari Nepal about 15 k.m. outside Kathmandu is a school started by Marshall D. Moran and a group of American Jesuit Fathers in 1951. After a few years because of the increasing number of students the primary school was shifted to Jawalakhel (St. Xavier's School Jawalakhel) and the high school remained at Godavari.
 Shenyang International School (沈阳 国际 学校 Shěn-yáng guó-jì xué-xiào) (SYIS) was founded in 1998 and offers a North American college-preparatory education program from K3(3 year old class) through 12th grade. It is part of International Schools of China (ISC) which offers academically excellent programs that meet the intellectual physical and emotional needs of students.
 Whitman-Hanson Regional High School is a public high school located in Whitman Massachusetts. The school serves students in grades 9-12 from the towns of Whitman Massachusetts and Hanson Massachusetts. It is part of the Whitman-Hanson Regional School District. The schools colors are Black & Red and their mascot is the Panthers.
 Armenian State Institute of Physical Culture (ASIPC) is a high-education institute located in Yerevan Armenia. It was founded in 1945 and prepares trainers sports journalists specialists in kinesiology and adaptive physical training. The graduates are awarded a diploma which is a state-authorized document asserting the higher education completion for state agencies.
 The London School of Medicine for Women was established in 1874 and was the first medical school in Britain to train women.
 Collège des Ingénieurs (also referred to as CDI) is a French educational institution and business school based in Boulevard Saint-Germain Paris and operating in France Germany and Italy.
 The Fryderyk Chopin University of Music (Uniwersytet Muzyczny Fryderyka Chopina) is located at ulica Okólnik 2 in central Warsaw Poland. It is the oldest and largest music school in Poland and one of the largest in Europe.
 The University of Florida College of Health and Human Performance (HHP) is a college at the University of Florida. The college has three departments and four research centers. The college is unique in that the majors that are offered are inter-disciplinary in nature. As of 2007 there were 2004 undergraduate and graduate students were enrolled in the college.
 Temple School was a boys secondary modern in Strood in England. It merged with the Chapter School to form Strood Academy.
 Centennial High School is a public secondary school located in unincorporated Clark County Nevada United States in Las Vegas. The school serves about 3000 students in grades 9 to 12 in the Clark County School District.
 The Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México (Mexico Autonomous Institute of Technology) commonly known as ITAM is a private Ph.D.-granting research university located in Mexico City Mexico.
 John Randolph Tucker High School is a high school in Henrico County Virginia United States. It is named after lawyer and Henrico County Judge John Randolph Tucker. Its students and faculty often refer to themselves as Tucker Tigers. The school had approximately 1700 students and over 145 faculty members during the 2009-10 school year.
 The School of Polish for Foreigners (SoPfF/SJPdC) - an educational institution part of University of Łódź. Its main purpose is to prepare foreign students to study at Polish universities.The School of Polish for Foreigners was established in 1952 in Łódź.
 The Pforzheim University of Applied Science (Hochschule Pforzheim – Hochschule fuer Gestaltung Technik und Wirtschaft) is a public university for applied science in Pforzheim Germany. It was evolved by the demand of specialist in the jewelry industry and science then it became to grow into one of the most important applied university of sciences with research as well as education institution in south Germany.
 Leicester High School for Girls also known as 'LHS' is an independent day school for girls aged 3–18 situated in South Knighton Leicester. It was originally a coeducational school but is now an all-girls school.
 The University of Montana School of Journalism is located at the University of Montana in Missoula Montana and is one of the oldest accredited journalism programs in the United States.
 Shadow Ridge High School is a public high school in northwest Las Vegas Nevada. It was established in 2002 and opened in August 2003. The first graduating class in the high school graduated in June 2005. The school is a part of Clark County School District.
 The Heller School for Social Policy and Management is one of the four graduate schools of Brandeis University.Founded in 1959 as the University's first professional school Heller is located on the Brandeis University main campus along with the Brandeis University Graduate School of Arts and Sciences International Business School and the Rabb School of Continuing Studies.Heller offers the degrees of M.A. in Sustainable International Development M.S.
 University of Gedo (Somali: Jaamacada Gedo Arabic: جامعة جدو‎) is a public university in the city of Bardera situated in the Gedo region of Somalia. In the past the higher education system in Somalia was mostly concentrated in the area near Mogadishu the nation's capital. Since the outbreak of civil war in 1991 there have been local efforts to re-establish educational institutions across the country.
 Delta High School is a public high school in Delta Ohio. It is the only high school in the Pike-Delta-York Schools district. Their nickname is the Panthers. They are members of the Northwest Ohio Athletic League.
 The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university in Cambridge Massachusetts known traditionally for research and education in the physical sciences and engineering and more recently in biology economics linguistics and management as well.Founded in 1861 in response to the increasing industrialization of the United States the institute used a polytechnic university model and stressed laboratory instruction.
 Trinity College Glasgow Scotland is the Church of Scotland's College at the University of Glasgow. It provides special supervision of candidates for the ministry through a Principal (appointed by the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland) and a College Council. The College is the official channel of liaison between the University of Glasgow the Church of Scotland and the United Free Church of ScotlandThe current Principal is Rev Dr. Doug Gay and the Clerk Rev. Dr. A. K. M. Adam.
 Furze Down School is a co-educational special school in Winslow Buckinghamshire. It is a community school which takes children from the age of 5 through to the age of 19.
 Summit Pacific College (formerly Western Pentecostal Bible College) is an undergraduate seminary or Bible college on a foothill of Sumas Mountain in the Clayburn Village of Abbotsford British Columbia Canada. It is accredited by the Association for Biblical Higher Education and has a denominational affiliation with the Pentecostal Assemblies of Canada.
 La Salle Institute (LSI) is an all-male private Catholic college preparatory school operated by the Brothers of the Christian Schools enrolling young men in grades six through twelve in North Greenbush New York USA. It is operated independent of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Albany. The current principal is Brother Carl Malacalza. Current tuition for the 2013-2014 school year is $9360 (6) $10390 (7) $10420 (8) $12140 (9-11) $12180 (12).
 Foothill Horizons Outdoor School is an outdoor school located in Sonora California. The center's formal name is Neal E. Wade Outdoor Education Center. It is operated by the Stanislaus County Office of Education. Stanislaus County Office of Education has been operating an Outdoor Education program for over 50 years. The current director is Pam Ivie.
 Vestal High School is a public high school that operates as part of the Vestal Central School District which encompasses 57 square miles (150 km2) just west of Binghamton in the Southern Tier of New York. It is a four year comprehensive school which annually receives both national and state recognition for excellence in education. The high school offers Varsity and Junior Varsity sports as well as musical opportunities in orchestra band and chorus.
 'Suryodaya English School often referred to as SEMS is a Missionary school in Nepal. It was founded by a Jesuit Father L. Harvey in 1986 A.D. As a result it is called by locals as Father Boarding. It is an institution in Jhapa Eastern Nepal known for extra-curricular activities and excellent education. management team:Sr. Imelda Sherpa SJC(principle)Sr. Blaise Lepcha SJC(supervisor)Sr. Margaret Singh SJC(vice principle)Sr.
 Klamath Union High School is a public high school located in Klamath Falls Oregon United States.
 Melior Business School (MBS) is part of Melior Education Group which has registered with the Ministry of Education of Singapore. Melior Education Group has campuses and admissions offices in Singapore China Vietnam Myanmar and Thailand.Since its establishment in Vietnam in 2008 the school has developed rapidly with its education and training.
 Southern Virginia University (SVU) is a liberal arts college located in Buena Vista Virginia. The school though not officially affiliated with a particular faith embraces the values of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
 St. Anthony's College is an educational institution in the north eastern part of India established in 1934. The Salesians of Don Bosco an International Society founded by St John Bosco (1815–1888) in Italy has more than 17000 members who are known as Salesians of Don Bosco. They are in present 125 countries and specialize in education and social service institutions for youth.
 The New School is a university in New York City New York United States located mostly in Greenwich Village. From its founding in 1919 by progressive New York educators and for most of its history the university was known as the New School for Social Research. Between 1997 and 2005 it was known as New School University.
 O.H. Cooper High School (commonly referred to as Abilene Cooper) is a public co-educational secondary school in Abilene Texas. It opened in 1960 in part to handle the increase in school age youth resulting from the Post World War II Baby Boom. It is one of two 4-year High Schools within Abilene Independent School District.Cooper High is named for Oscar Henry Cooper who was president of Baylor University from 1898 to 1902.
 Central Midlands Senior High School is a comprehensive public high school located in Ranfurly Street in Moora a regional centre 172 kilometres (107 mi) north of Perth Western Australia.
 School No.1 is a public school in Sükhbaatar (district) Ulaanbaatar Mongolia. Mongolia's first government-run public primary school was founded in 1921 and its first secondary school School No.1 was founded in 1923.As of 2010 there are about 2150 students in 46 classes 80 teachers and 20 service workers in the school. About 8000 students graduated from the school in the last academic years.
 Metro Christian Academy is a private Baptist-affiliated K-12 school in Madison Tennessee.Metro Christian was founded in 1981 by Pastor Randy Ray. It began with only 3 kindergarten kids and was accredited by the Tennessee Association of Christian Schools and the Tennessee State Department of Education. The senior class of Metro Christian Academy has the privilege to take a missions trip every year.
 IIT Stuart School of Business (often just Stuart or IIT Stuart) is an academic unit of the Illinois Institute of Technology a private Ph.D.-granting technological university.IIT Stuart’s curriculum is centered on the concept of strategic competitiveness composed of creativity entrepreneurship incisive decision-making leadership innovation and sustainability.
 The Regional Institute of Ophthalmology and Government Ophthalmic Hospital (commonly called the Egmore Eye Hospital) Chennai is the oldest eye hospital in the Indian subcontinent and in Asia.
 National Hill View Public School (NHVPS) is a private school that offers instruction for pre-school through high school aged children in Rajarajeshwari Nagar Bangalore Karnataka India. The school is affiliated with the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE). The current principal of NHVPS is Mrs. Rama Ranganathan.
 The Achva Academic College is located on the seam line between the Negev desert and central Israel.The College was established in 1971 and is implementing a unique academic model which allows students to combine a B.Sc degree with thorogh pedagogical training which also includes a hands-on practicum experience.
 Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan KOMPLEKS KLIA is a secondary school located in the residential area of Kuala Lumpur International Airport Malaysia. The school is located in KLIA Kuarters and beside the primary school building.
 Cox Mill High School is a comprehensive public high school in Concord North Carolina. It opened with grades 9-11 on August 25 2009 and graduated its first senior class on June 11 2011.
 Shihezi University is a university in Shihezi Xinjiang founded in April 1996 under the integration of some former institutional colleges by the Ministry of Education and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps. It is a national key university.
 TMI — The Episcopal School of Texas (in full Texas Military Institute) is a selective coeducational Episcopal college preparatory school in San Antonio Texas for boarding and day students. It is the flagship school and sole secondary school of the Episcopal Diocese of West Texas. TMI is the oldest Episcopal college preparatory school in the American Southwest. Until the 1980s TMI had sent more graduates to West Point and Princeton than any other school in Texas history.[citation needed]
 Hill Military Academy was a private College preparatory military academy in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. Opened in 1901 it was a leading military boarding school in the Pacific Northwest. Originally located in Northwest Portland it later moved to Rocky Butte where it remained until it closed in 1959. The school was a party to the Pierce v. Society of Sisters United States Supreme Court case.
 For other uses see European University (disambiguation)European University of Madrid (Universidad Europea de Madrid in Spanish language) is a private university in Madrid Spain. The school is owned by Laureate Education Inc. and has 12500 students.
 Spring Valley High School is a high school located in an unincorporated portion of Wayne County West Virginia United States with a postal address in the nearby city of Huntington. It is part of the Wayne County Board of Education system.
 For other schools named Immaculata see Immaculata High School (disambiguation).Immaculata High School (also known as Immaculata or IHS) is a private coeducational Roman Catholic high school in Somerville in Somerset County New Jersey United States. Founded in 1962 Immaculata High School operates within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Metuchen.
 Carlton le Willows Academy (formerly Carlton le Willows School) is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in Gedling in the English county of Nottinghamshire.
 Sri Ramakrishna Institute of Technology (SRIT) is an engineering college in Pachapalayam Coimbatore Tamil Nadu India. It was founded in 2002 by the SNR Trust. It is affiliated to Anna University and AICTE. It offers undergraduate and postgraduate courses.
 The City of Armagh High School is located in the city of Armagh Northern Ireland. It is one of six schools in the Armagh City. The school moved to a new location in 1995 and was opened Queen Elizabeth.The City of Armagh High School teaches children ageD 11–18. The school opened in 1965. The school's slogan IS Excellence Opportunity and Care.The City of Armagh High School has sports such as football hockey netball athletics gymnastics and cross country.
 Fort Valley State University (FVSU) is a historically black university (HBCU) located in Fort Valley Georgia. It is also a unit of the University System of Georgia and a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
 The National University of La Pampa (Spanish: Universidad Nacional de La Pampa UNLPAM) is an Argentine national university situated in the city of Santa Rosa capital of La Pampa Province.
 Canadian Mennonite University (CMU) is a Christian university located in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada that awards three and four-year degrees in a variety of programs.
 West Hill Collegiate Institute (also called West Hill CI WHCI or West Hill) is a public high school in Toronto Canada located in eastern Scarborough under the jurisdiction of the Scarborough Board of Education until its amalgamation with the Toronto District School Board in 1998. The school was opened in 1955 and named after the community of West Hill Toronto in which the school is located and celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2005.
 George Washington High School is a public high school in Richmond District San Francisco California. The school is a part of the San Francisco Unified School District. In 2011 Washington High was ranked by Newsweek's Jay Mathews Challenge Index as the 497th best high school in the United States.
 Greendale Secondary School (abbreviation: GDLSS; Simplified Chinese: 绿苑中学) is a secondary school located in Punggol in the north-eastern part of Singapore.Greendale Secondary School started as a new school in January 2006. In 2010 Greendale Secondary School represented the North-East district by hosting the launch site for the YOG torch relay in day 3 of the Singapore leg.There is also a primary school that has the same name just opposite the school.
 Orange Park High School is a high school located in Orange Park Florida. The athletic teams are known as the Raiders. In the 2008–2009 school year the school had nearly 3000 students increasing by 700 in just three years. However nearly 1000 students moved to the new Oakleaf High School for the 2010-2011 School year. Orange Park High School celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2011.
 The Conneaut School District is a public school district in Crawford County Pennsylvania and geographically encompasses approximately the western third of the county. The school district is approximately 8 miles west of Meadville 40 miles south of Erie and 91 miles north of Pittsburgh.
 The Rhine-Waal University of Applied Sciences known as Hochschule Rhein-Waal (HSRW) in German is a public university with an international orientation. The university opened for the winter semester of 2009/10 and reached full size in 2013 with about 5000 students. The university has three campuses in Kleve and campus in Kamp-Lintfort.The name for the university has been adopted from the German river Rhine and Dutch river Waal.
 Mount Carmel Academy or Mt. Carmel is an all-girls parochial high school in New Orleans Louisiana United States. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New Orleans.
 The National Technological University (Spanish: Universidad Tecnológica Nacional UTN) is a country-wide national university in Argentina and it's considered among the top engineering schools in the country. Hosting over 75000 students its student body is comparable to Argentina's third-largest university (the National University of La Plata) and exceeded significantly only by the University of Buenos Aires (UBA) (over 300000 students).
 Greene Central High School is a public high school located in Greene County North Carolina. The middle school feeding upcoming students into Greene Central is Greene County Middle School. The school mascot is the Ram. It is one of five schools of the Greene County School System.
 St. Maximillian Kolbe Catholic High School is a high school in Aurora Ontario Canada. The school opened on September 2009 and is administered by the York Catholic District School Board.
 Located in Watertown Tennessee Watertown High School is part of the Wilson County School System.
 The Government College of Engineering Salem in Salem Tamil Nadu India is an engineering education center in the state of Tamil Nadu. It is one of the three institutions offering Metallurgical Engineering as a full-time course in Tamil Nadu.GCE-Salem was started during the Third Plan period in 1966 and is located on a beautiful site surrounded by hills. Its area is 1.62 square kilometres (400 acres). This is the third government engineering institution formed in Tamil Nadu.
 Krantiguru Shyamji Krishna Verma Kachchh University named after Shyamji Krishnavarma of Kachchh Gujarat India is a regional university that promotes higher education in regional and rural areas of the country.
 Charlotte Amalie High School is a public high school housing a population of just over 1500 students located in what is colloquially called the town area of the island of St. Thomas United States Virgin Islands; It is named after the official name for the town area Charlotte Amalie and it is a part of the St. Thomas-St. John School District. It is the territory's most populous high school.CAHS was established in 1920 as a junior high school.
 Shawnee Community College (SCC) located in Ullin Illinois is one of 48 two-year open-admission colleges of the Illinois Community College System (ICCS) organized under the Illinois Public Community College Act.
 Mansfield Legacy High School is a public secondary school located in Mansfield Texas United States.The school is a part of the Mansfield Independent School District and serves sections of the city of Mansfield as well as unincorporated sections of Tarrant County. Legacy is built on the location of the historic Kowbell Rodeo. When Mansfield was a small rural community (in the southeast of Ft.Worth) the Kowbell Rodeo was a popular stopping place for cowboys and cowgirls.
 The School at Columbia University is located at 110th Street and Broadway in the New York City borough of Manhattan. The school is an independent K-8 school affiliated with Columbia University for children drawn equally from the Morningside Heights Manhattan/Upper West Side/Harlem community and from the faculty and staff of the university. It is a diverse school with a mix of students from many different ethnic backgrounds.
 Riverdale Baptist School is a Christian school located in Upper Marlboro Maryland. It serves students ranging in grade levels from Pre-K through 12th grade. It is located in Prince George's County.Riverdale Baptist School is a ministry of Riverdale Baptist Church. The school established in 1971 enjoys an excellent reputation for preparing students academically socially and spiritually.
 Ormiston Maritime Academy (formerly known as Hereford Technology School) is a secondary school with academy status.
 The School of One (SO1) is a middle school mathematics program of the New York City Department of Education. It began in 2009 and is currently operating in four schools in Manhattan The Bronx and Brooklyn. Its innovative program integrates the use of technology in the development and implementation of personalized curriculum and learning as well as the use of technology in the learning environment.
 The Middelbare Technische School is a former MTS middelbare school on the Verspronckweg Haarlem The Netherlands. It is one of the oldest public vocational schools in Haarlem built as a boys school in 1919 which grew out of the first Ambachtsschool that was located on the Kamperstraat. It currently houses one of the locations of the Sterren College.
 Aldine Senior High School is a public high school located in the Greenspoint district of northern Houston Texas United States. It is part of the Aldine Independent School District. The senior high school campus serves grades 10 through 12. The separate Aldine Ninth Grade School hosts students in grade 9.
 Brighton and Sussex Medical School (BSMS) is a medical school formed as a partnership of the University of Brighton and the University of Sussex. Like other UK medical schools it is based on the principles and standards of 'Tomorrow's Doctor' an initiative by the General Medical Council outlining the role of British practitioners.
 St. Joseph's English High School Gujranwala Punjab Pakistan is the first English medium school in the city.St. Joseph’s English High School was founded on the 1 April 1954 by Fr. Bene OFM (Cap.) then Parish Priest of Gujranwala in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lahore. Originally named as St. Mary' School it was started for the Christian students at Khokharki. Mr.
 University Malaysia Pahang (English: University of Malaysia Pahang) (UMP) is a Malaysian government university. It was formerly known as Kolej Universiti Kejuruteraan dan Teknologi Malaysia (English: University College of Engineering & Technology Malaysia) (KUKTEM).
 V. Sue Cleveland High School or better known as Cleveland High School (CHS) is a public senior high school of the Rio Rancho Public Schools. It is located in north-western Rio Rancho New Mexico. Named after long time Rio Rancho Superintendent and educator of Public Schools V. Sue Cleveland was established in 2009 due to overcrowding at Rio Rancho High School. Enrollment at the school stands at 2160The Mascot of CHS is the Storm their colors are: Electric blue Silver and white.
 The Smeal College of Business at the Pennsylvania State University offers undergraduate graduate and executive education programs to more than 5000 students. Smeal which is accredited in business and accounting by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) is home to more than 150 faculty members who teach and conduct academic research on a range of business topics. The college also features a network of industry supported research centers.
 Greenville Presbyterian Theological Seminary is a theologically conservative Presbyterian seminary in Greenville South Carolina United States. Founded in 1986 Greenville trains men for Christian ministry using a curriculum with a focus on the biblical languages expository preaching and an emphasis on Reformed Christian heritage. The school is seeking to reestablish the theological convictions of Princeton Theological Seminary in the late 19th and early 20th Century.
 Northwest Technical College is a technical college in Bemidji Minnesota. It is part of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities System. It was founded in 1965 as Bemidji Area Vocational Technical Institute.
 Urbandale High School is a high school in Urbandale Iowa. It is the home of the Urbandale J-Hawks and they are the 2nd smallest 4-A school in the Central Iowa Metro league or CIML.
 Vietnam National University Ho Chi Minh City (Vietnamese: Đại học Quốc gia Thành phố Hồ Chí Minh French: Université nationale de Hô-Chi-Minh-Ville) is one of the two largest national universities in Vietnam (the other is Vietnam National University Hanoi founded on 27 January 1995 and reorganized on 12 February 2001 under the Decision no. 15/2001/QĐ-TTg by the Prime Minister of Vietnam Phan Van Khai).
 Colegio Particular Subvencionado San Esteban (English: San Esteban Subsidized Particular School) is a Chilean high school located in San Fernando Colchagua Province Chile.
 The Bluecoat Academy is a Church of England voluntary aided secondary school in the Aspley area of Nottingham England dating back to 1706. In 2007 the school had 1550 students aged six to eighteen including 250 Sixth form students. Prior to receiving Academy status in January 2012 the school was titled The Nottingham Bluecoat School and Technology College.Since 2003 the school has had two campuses one in Aspley and one in Wollaton.
 DOBA Faculty of applied business and social studies (Slovene: DOBA Fakulteta za uporabne poslovne in družbene študije) is a private business school located in Maribor Slovenia. Founded in 2003 DOBA Faculty provides undergraduate and graduate education in economics business management marketing and management of lifelong education.
 The Jack Welch Management Institute at Strayer University is an online educational institution founded in 2009 and based in the United States offering an executive Master of Business Administration degree and executive certificates for working adults. It was founded by Jack Welch former CEO of General Electric. The company is headquartered outside of Washington D.C. at Strayer University's corporate office - 2303 Dulles Station Blvd Herndon VA 20171.
 The National University of Cuyo (Spanish: Universidad Nacional de Cuyo UNCuyo) is the largest center of higher education in the province of Mendoza Argentina.[citation needed]As of 2005 the university had 12 academic schools in the city of Mendoza and a delegation in the city of San Rafael (province of Mendoza) in addition to the Balseiro Institute which is the most developed institute of Physics research in Argentina located in the city of San Carlos de Bariloche (province of Río Negro).
 The École Normale Hébraïque (Jewish Normal School Arabic: المدرسة العبرية العادية‎) is a Jewish secondary school in Casablanca Morocco opened in 1945. It regularly achieves 100% success rates in the national matriculation examinations the best record in the country. In 2005 it has 138 students of whom 26 are French. Muslims are not currently admitted.
 Laurence Jackson School is a coeducational secondary school located in Guisborough North Yorkshire England.
 Dimboola Memorial Secondary College is a Public co-educational secondary school day school located in Dimboola Victoria Australia. It is a small country secondary college with about 180 students and was originally erected as a memorial to those who fought in the First World War. It is located on a hill overlooking Dimboola and the Little Desert. The school's motto is Facta Non Verba meaning 'by deeds and not words'.
 The Iranian Business School (IBS) (Persian: مؤسسه آموزش عالی ایرانیان) is an international business school located in Tehran Iran.
 University College of Bahrain (UCB; Arabic: كلية البحرين الجامعية‎) is a private university located in Bahrain established in 2002. The University offers Programs in Business administration Information Technology and Graphic Design in addition to programs at Graduate level (MBA)
 New College of Florida is a public liberal arts college located in Sarasota Florida United States. It was founded originally as a private institution and is now an autonomous honors college of the State University System of Florida.
 The Pontifical Roman Seminary is a seminary in Rome Italy located at the Basilica of St. John Lateran.
 The Indian Institute of Science Education and Research Bhopal (Hindi: भारतीय विज्ञान शिक्षा एवं अनुसंधान संस्थान) commonly known as IISER Bhopal or IISERB is a higher education institute established in 2008 in Bhopal Madhya Pradesh India. It is one of five Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research the other being IISER Kolkata IISER Mohali IISER Pune and IISER Thiruvananthapuram.
 The Dresden Academy of Fine Arts (German Hochschule für Bildende Künste Dresden) often abbreviated HfBK Dresden or simply HfBK is a vocational university of visual arts located in Dresden Germany. The present institution is the product of a merger between the famous Dresden Art Academy founded in 1764 the workplace and training ground of a number of influential European artists and another well-established local art school Hochschule für Werkkunst Dresden after World War II.
 Fair Field High School is a comprehensive co-educational school in Nazimabad No.1 Karachi Pakistan. It was founded in 1961 by Raja Abdul Qayyum Khan.
 The Pine Grove Area School District is a public school district in Schuylkill County Pennsylvania. It serves the municipalities of Pine Grove Tremont Frailey Township Washington Township Pine Grove Township and Tremont Township. The district features one elementary one middle and one high school. The district encompasses approximately 109 square miles. According to 2000 federal census data it serves a resident population of 11284.
 Rutherford County Schools is a school district based in Murfreesboro Tennessee United States. It serves Rutherford County Tennessee excluding PK-6 in the city of Murfreesboro which is served by the Murfreesboro City Schools system.
 McPherson High School is a public high school for grades 9-12 in McPherson Kansas. The school opened in the early 1900s[citation needed] undergoing a major expansion in [needs verification]. It belongs to McPherson Unified School District 418.
 George D. Chamberlain High School is a public high school in Tampa Florida. It was opened in 1956 on North Boulevard (on the corner of Busch Boulevard). The school is named in honor of George D. Chamberlain who served for several years as a trustee for the Hillsborough County School System. In 2011 Chamberlain was listed as an A School; this is a first in the school's history.The school also offers a unique culinary academy based program sponsored by Outback Steakhouse.
 The Faculty of Architecture at UNAM is one of the leading schools of architecture and design in Mexico. It offers undergraduate and postgraduate studies in architecture landscape architecture urbanism and industrial design.
 The McMaster School of Nursing (SON) was established in 1946 and expanded with support from many community hospitals to become one of the unique programmes to incorporate professional and distance education in the field.
 Christian Brothers College (CBC St. Kilda) was founded in 1878 and is a Roman Catholic Independent secondary college for boys. It is part of the Association of Edmund Rice schools founded and run in the tradition of the Christian Brothers. It is located in the Melbourne suburb of St Kilda East
 Tawas Area Schools is a public school district in the U.S.
 The Montfort Academy is a private Roman Catholic high school in Mt. Vernon New York. It is located within the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York.
 The Cathedral & John Connon School is a co-educational private school located in Mumbai Maharashtra. In 2010 Education World ranked Cathedral as the best day school in India and similarly commended its alumni.The school recently celebrated the sesquicentennial anniversary of its founding.
 Patuxent High School (pronounced- Pa-tucks-ent) is a comprehensive four-year public high school in Lusby Calvert County Maryland USA. The school draws from the communities of Cove Point the Chesapeake Ranch Estates Drum Point and Solomons.Patuxent is a 2A school that competes in the Southern Maryland Athletic Conference (SMAC). In 2006 the Varsity Girls Field Hockey team won the Regional finals and went to the Maryland State finals.
 Hindustan Institute of Technology & Management' is an engineering college of Uttar Pradesh India. It is affiliated to Uttar Pradesh Technical University Lucknow and part of SGI (Sharda Group of Institutions) the largest education group of North India.Hindustan college Agra as it is known in academic circle is at the 19 km milestone on the Agra-Delhi Highway (NH-2).
 Kenton School is an Academy situated in Newcastle upon Tyne in Tyne and Wear England.It is situated near Kenton Lane in Kenton and is one of the largest academies in the United Kingdom educating around 2000 pupils across Key Stage 3 to 5.Kenton School is a specialist Arts and Technology School and has been granted several marks of achievement including a Gold Artsmark from the Arts Council of England and a 2008 Sportsmark.The sixth form building is used by both sixth formers and pupils attending the main academy as well as working as a local community college (Kenton College). 
 Toho University (東方大学 Tōhō Daigaku) is a university in Ōta Tokyo Japan.
 Santa Teresa High School is a high school located in the suburban southern region of San Jose California United States. The school is part of the East Side Union High School District (ESUHSD) serving students in grades 9-12. Average student enrollment is 2300 students with 38 students for every 1 teacher. Santa Teresa High School is known for its award winning music program and extracurricular programs.
 Catholic Central High School in Burlington Wisconsin United States is a private Catholic co-educational high school in the Archdiocese of Milwaukee.Founded in 1920 it offers both college-prep and general studies for grades 9 through 12.
 Peterhead Academy is a six-year Comprehensive Community School in Peterhead Aberdeenshire Scotland. It is operated by Aberdeenshire Council.
 Gartree High School is a coeducational middle school with academy status for children from the ages of ten to fourteen. The school is situated in Oadby a town on the south side of Leicester England.Notable former pupils include John Deacon of Queen.
 Winnebago High School is a high school in Winnebago CUSD#323 in Winnebago Illinois.
 Sacred Heart Convent School is an English language Catholic Education private school for girl run by Apostolic Carmelite nuns in the city of Jamshedpur India. It is registered under the Indian Societies Registration Act of 1860 under the title The Apostolic Carmel Educational Society.The school has grades from kindergarten to 12th (Plus Two).
 University of Arkansas Community College at Hope (UACCH) is a two-year community college located in Hope Arkansas and in Texarkana. It is affiliated as a division of the University of Arkansas System as a result a merger by act of the Arkansas Legislature in 1995 and is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools.
 Wood Green High School is a secondary school with academy status located in Wednesbury West Midlands England. In 2009 Ofsted highlighted Wood Green as one of 12 outstanding schools serving disadvantaged communities.
 Darul Uloom Al-Arabiyyah Al-Islamiyyah better known as Darul Uloom Bury was established in 1973 and is the oldest school of its kind in the United Kingdom. Based on the Dars-e-Nizami syllabus found throughout the world it was founded by Shaikh Yusuf Motala. It accepts students from the age of twelve to twenty-three providing a secondary school education for younger students as well as Islamic education to an advanced level.
 Rainhill High School is a purpose built 11-18 comprehensive secondary school in Rainhill Merseyside England. The school is the official Liverpool F.C. Academy Education Centre in Merseyside for under-18 players to be educated and is a Trust School in partnership with the Liverpool Institute of Performing Arts and St Helens College.
 The Laguna College more popularly known by its initials LC is a small private nonsectarian co-educational institution located in San Pablo City Laguna Philippines. It offers elementary high school college postgraduate education.Its mottoes are Can't hide that LC pride Proud to be from LC Simply the best.
 Forestville High School is a public magnet high school located in Forestville a section of unincorporated Prince George's County Maryland United States. The school has a comprehensive program with a specialized Military Academy magnet program.The academy part of Prince George's County Public Schools is notable as the only military academy in Prince George's County.Forestville High School is part of the United States Government's JROTC program.
 Galatasaray High School (Turkish: Galatasaray Lisesi French: Lycée de Galatasaray) is one of the most influential high schools of modern Turkey. Established in 1481 it is the oldest Turkish high school in the world and the second-oldest Turkish educational institution after Istanbul University which was established in 1453. Being an Anatolian High School access to the school is open to students with a high Nationwide High School Entrance score.
 Tevis Junior High School is located at 3901 Pin Oak Park Blvd. in Bakersfield California with a ZIP code of 93311. The school was named after a pioneer family who bought and ranched the land where the school is presently located.It is part of the Panama Buena Vista Union School District (PBVUSD). The principal is as of 2009 Robert Machado.Tevis feeds into Bakersfield High School Stockdale High School and Independence High School.
 Thurston High School (THS) is a public high school in Redford Michigan United States in the suburban Detroit area. The school is a part of the South Redford School District.The school was completed in 1956. Recently THS received the rank of 11th among Michigan schools in Newsweek's top 1000 high schools list. Thirty percent of Thurston High School receives subsidized lunch.
 The Urals State Law Academy (USLA) (Ural State Law Academy) (Ural State Academy of Jurisprudence) is a public research university which includes law schools colleges faculties and other public graduate and undergraduate educational institutions. USLA's main campus is situated in the Yekaterinburg Russia.
 Blue Ridge Christian Academy is a private preparatory school in Landrum South Carolina. The school has classes for students ranging from Pre-kindergarten to High School level.The academy was founded by Jill and E.J. Bird in 2004 and is governed by a board of directors. It is accredited by Association of Christian Schools International.
 Australian Islamic College is an educational institution in Perth Western Australia. The school was founded in 1986 by Abdallah Saad Magar with only 50 students. In 2006 it had 2000 students and over 250 staff spread over three campuses: Kewdale Thornlie and Dianella.
 Abbotsford Preparatory School is an independent day school located in Urmston Greater Manchester England. Abbotsford was founded as Caius House School in 1908 and was originally located on Church Road Urmston before moving to its present location on Flixton Road in the 1990s.
 Richmond-Burton Community High School is a four year public high school located in Richmond Illinois. One middle school (Nippersink Middle School) feeds into the high school.
 The University of Franche-Comté is a French university in the Academy of Besançon with five campuses: Besançon (Doubs) Belfort (named for Léon Delarbre) Montbéliard (Doubs) Vesoul (Haute-Saône) and Lons-le-Saunier (Jura).It was founded in 1423 in Dole at that time in the Duchy of Burgundy and moved to Besançon in 1691 as Dole was being punished for having resisted too long against the king of France Louis XIV during its conquest of the region.The Centre for Applied Linguistics (CLA) of the University of Franche-Comté ranks among the top language teaching institutions in the world. 
 Boston Theological Institute (BTI) is the largest theological consortium in the world bringing together the resources of universities and divinity schools throughout the greater Boston area and some of the most prestigious educational institutions.
 Spotswood High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grade in Spotswood in Middlesex County New Jersey United States operating as part of the Spotswood Public Schools. Students from Milltown also attend as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the Milltown Public Schools.
 Wendell High School is a four-year public secondary school located in Wendell Idaho U.S.A. It is the main high school operated by the Wendell School District.
 Dublin Metropolitan University (DMU) is a privately owned company based in Limassol Cyprus that markets itself as a university.However it is unaccredited in Ireland.Desmond Fleming vice-chancellor of the company claims to be 17th Baronet of Killan a title that Burke's Peerage does not recognize.An Irish newspaper reported in March 2006 that Fleming had formerly been convicted of embezzlement.
 Akita International University (国際教養大学 Kokusai Kyōyō Daigaku) or AIU is a public university located in Akita City Akita Prefecture Japan. Established in 2004 and modeled on American liberal arts colleges AIU is one of the few universities in Japan offering all of its courses in English.
 Colegio San Bartolomé la Merced is a private jesuit bilingual and co-educational school. An elite school in Colombia known for it's commitment to an integral student. wherever there is a Bartolino there is a gentlemen. The school is affiliated with the Society of Jesus of the Roman Catholic Church and is often known as San Bartolo.
 Monte Cristo Research and Educational Institute was established in 2005 by educators who wished to contribute for the development of the country through provision of high quality standard of education to Filipino children with the least cost.
 The University of Tabriz (Azerbaijani: Təbriz Universiteti) is a national university in Tabriz Iran. It is one of the ten most selective universities in country. University of Tabriz is the second-oldest university in Iran after the University of Tehran and has a large campus area which is the biggest academic institution in northwest of country.The initial idea of establishing University of Tabriz was by Ja'far Pishevari during Azerbaijan People's Government on 12 June 1946.
 Milo Adventist Academy is a private Adventist high school in the rural unincorporated community of Milo Oregon United States. As Milo no longer has a post office Milo Academy has a Days Creek mailing address.The school has been accredited by the Northwest Association of Accredited Schools since 1964 and is known for its horse program.
 The Stanford Graduate School of Education (GSE) is one of the seven schools of Stanford University.
 Southwestern Assemblies of God University (SAGU) is a private Christian university located in Waxachine in Ellis County in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex USA. SAGU is regionally-accredited with the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and officially endorsed by the Assemblies of God USA. It is the only Assemblies of God university located in Texas.
 Delhi Public School Pune commonly known as (D.P.S Pune) is a senior secondary school in Pune Maharashtra India It offers schooling from Nursery to Class XII. Established in 2003 the school is collaboration between Delhi Public School Society and the Takshila Education Society.Delhi Public School Pune has affiliation with the Central Board of Secondary Education based in New Delhi.The school is known for its Very Low quality administration.
 The International Space University (ISU) was founded as an international institution of higher learning dedicated to the development of outer space for peaceful purposes through international and multidisciplinary education and research programs (ISU Bylaws Article 2.1).
 Hemwati Nandan Bahuguna Garhwal University (formerly known as Garhwal University) is a public university located at Srinagar town in the Pauri Garhwal district of Uttarakhand state in northern India. Named after Hemwati Nandan Bahuguna the university is residential cum affiliating with jurisdiction over Garhwal district of the region. It is situated on the banks of the river Alaknanda in the mid-Himalayas.Inception of Garhwal University on Dec.
 Zamboanga City State Polytechnic College is a state college in Zamboanga City Philippines. It is just a few meters from Western Mindanao State University and about 500 meters from Pilar College 0n R.T. Lim Boulevard. It is nestled along the university belt of the city where most of the colleges are. The school used to have an oval for track and field events and other sports activities.
 Sacred Heart Catholic High School is a public Catholic high school in Newmarket Ontario Canada. It is currently the only high school in Newmarket under the jurisdiction of the York Catholic District School Board. Sacred Heart has a modest student population compared to other York Region Catholic high schools.[citation needed] There were 1620 full-time registered students for the 2005/2006 year 95 full-time staff members and 24 support staff.
 For European Institute established in 1951 in Saarbrücken Germany see Europa-Institut of Saarland University for other uses see European University (disambiguation)The European University Institute (EUI) in Florence (Italy) is an international postgraduate and post-doctoral teaching and research institute established by European Union member states to contribute to cultural and scientific development in the social sciences in a European perspective.
 Salome High School is a high school in Salome Arizona. It is the only school in the Bicentennial Union High School District.
 West Park School is a coeducational secondary school with academy status located in the Spondon area of Derby in the English county of Derbyshire.The school was formerly known as Spondon Park Grammar School. It became Spondon School in 1971 when it merged with Spondon House School. West Park School was created by the merger by default of the former Spondon School which was located on two adjoining sites.
 The Kurt Hahn Expeditionary Learning School (the Kurt Hahn School) is a New York City public school school working in partnership with New York City Outward Bound and Expeditionary Learning. Its objective is to arm students with the knowledge skills and character necessary to serve as informed thoughtful and courageous civic leaders in their own communities and beyond.
 East Peoria District 86 is a 7 School School District located in East Peoria Illinois. It currently has about 1800 students. East Peoria District 86 currently has several schools under its administration: Central Junior High School Armstrong Grade School Shute Grade School Lincoln Grade School Glendale Grade School Wilson Grade School and Bolin Grade School.
 Govt. High School is a school in Mathili Malkangiri Odisha India. It follows the Board of secondary Education Odisha curriculum. It is situated in Mathili and has about 300 students.
 Cachar College (Bengali: কাছাড় কলেজ) is a co-educational institution established in 1960 at Silchar India. It offers Intermediate (10+2 level) and First Degree Level (10+2+3 level) courses in Arts Commerce and Science. The college is recognized by the UGC under Sections 2(f) and 12 (B) and is affiliated to Assam University Silchar.
 The Mesabi Range Community and Technical College is a two-year college with campuses in Virginia Minnesota and Eveleth Minnesota. Students in the Virginia High School and other neighboring school districts can receive college credits also by taking classes there.
 Oak Ridge High School is a public high school located 20 miles east of Sacramento California in rapidly growing El Dorado Hills. It is part of the El Dorado Union High School District. Oak Ridge High School was established in 1980 with 222 students though it currently has more than 2500 students. The school is known for its academics sports and great school spirit.
 The Parshvanath College of Engineering was a private engineering college located in Kasarvadavali Thane district of Maharashtra state in India. It was established in 1994 and was managed by the Parshvanath Charitable Trust. It was a Jain religious minority college (i.e. half of all seats are reserved for students from the Jain religious minority community).
 The Adamson University College of Law was established on June 1 1941. Its first Dean was the late Elpidio Quirino. Produce vincentian Lawyers who maybe called guardians of the people's right and liberties and active participants in the nation and community building. Is one of the nine colleges of Adamson University a private Catholic university located in Manila Philippines.
 Ho Lap College (可立中學) HLC is a band-one grant-aided co-educational grammar school in San Po Kong Kowloon Hong Kong. Founded in 1969 it is a well-established secondary school in the area. In particular HLC enjoys the status of one of the few English as the Medium of Instruction (EMI) school in the Kowloon district.
 St. Boniface Diocesan High School is a private Catholic high school in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. It was established in 1965 to provide Catholic high school education to English speaking students of the French Diocese of St. Boniface.St. Boniface Diocesan High School had throughout its history Marianist Brothers and priests on staff. Between the years 1986 and 1989 the school operated as a Marianist school with a Marianist Rector. In April 1989 the school was incorporated as St.
 Saint Louis University School for Professional Studies (SLU for Busy Adults) opened in 1963 and offers busy adults convenient access to academic and professional programs. Highlights of the School include online and evening classes a flexible-accelerated schedule affordable tuition and personalized programs.Professional Studies offers degrees certificates and non-credit courses at its campus in St. Louis Missouri.
 Gondwana University is located in Gadchiroli Maharashtra India. It is formed for Gad-Chanda Region of Maharashtra.
 Chisago Lakes High School located in Lindstrom Minnesota serves more than 1100 students in grades 9-12. The school has earned North Central Accreditation. It provides an average curriculum for its students containing a typical smattering of electives and all of the state required courses.
 Dublin High School is a public high school located in Dublin Texas (USA) and classified as a 2A school by the UIL. It is part of the Dublin Independent School District located in northeastern Erath County. In 2011 the school was rated Academically Acceptable by the Texas Education Agency.
 Durango High School is a public high school in Spring Valley Nevada USA with an enrollment of approximately 2600 students. It is a part of the Area 4 region of the Clark County School District which is the fifth largest school district in the United States.[citation needed]
 McLoud High School is a public secondary school located in Pottawatomie County in the town of McLoud Oklahoma. It instructs grades 9-12. It is a part of the McLoud Public School District which also includes McLoud Elementary School and McLoud Junior High. McLoud High School currently has 557 students enrolled giving it a student to teacher ratio of 14:1. Its mascot is the Redskins and its school colors are red black and white.
 Johnson College is a private coeducational two-year college located in Scranton Pennsylvania.Johnson College was founded in 1912 as a trade school by Orlando S. Johnson a wealthy coal baron. Over the years it has evolved to college status.The college offers 13 associate degree programs of study that provide students with general education courses as part of a degree program in their technology field.
 Great Zimbabwe University (GZU) is an institution of higher learning in the city of Masvingo Zimbabwe. It is currently situated on the Masvingo Teachers’ College campus seven kilometres east of Masvingo town. A larger campus is soon to be built near the Great Zimbabwe National Monument the namesake of the university.One of a number of universities the government opened after independence in 1980 Great Zimbabwe University began life as the Masvingo State University (MSU).
 Turlock Junior High school is located in the heart of the northern San Joaquin Valley in Turlock California . It is a 45-acre (180000 m2) campus in the midst of a long established residential neighborhood consisting of 133 classrooms positioned in and around an array of athletic agricultural business and vocational complexes.The school currently has some of the highest CST scores in Stanislaus County.Turlock Junior High School is part of the Western Association of Schools and Colleges.
 Chatham High School is a public high school in Chatham Virginia. Average attendance for the school is 650 students per year. Between 2008 and 2010 the schools was renovated along with other Pittsylvania County Schools Tunstall Sr. High School Dan River High School and Gretna High School. Chatham High School is named for William Pitt Earl of Chatham.
 The Notre Dame of Dadiangas University (NDDU) simply known as Notre Dame is a school in General Santos City. It is a Catholic institution run by the Marist Brothers or FMS (Fratres Maristae a Scholis). It offers undergraduate and graduate courses as well as pre-elementary and basic education. Further it offers a broad spectrum of academic programs through its colleges.
 Lindsay Park Elementary is a public elementary school in Kimberley British Columbia part of School District 6 Rocky Mountain.
 East High School was a public high school located in Cleveland Ohio. It is part of the Cleveland Metropolitan School District. East's sports teams are nicknamed the Blue Bombers. The school gymnasium suffered a roof collapse in 2000. On June 10 2010 East High was closed by the 2010 Academic Transformation Plan that was issued by the Cleveland School System. East High School utilized a small school concept.
 Gosforth Academy (formerly Gosforth High School) is an English secondary school in Gosforth Newcastle upon Tyne. As well as having a sixth form department it is a specialist Language College. Many of its mainstream students come from three large feeder middle schools: Gosforth Central Middle School Gosforth East Middle School and Gosforth Junior High Academy.It also houses a large sixth form college where the majority of the lower school students continue their studies.
 Government College Kattappana is located in Idukki district India. Affiliated with M G University the college offers a Bachelor's degree in arts science and commerce.
 The TEI of Peloponnese Greek: ΤΕΙ Πελοποννήσου) is one of the 15 Technological Educational Institutes in Greece.
 Puri Zila School (Oriya: ପୁରୀ ଜ଼ିଲ୍ଲା ସ୍କୁଲ୍) is a government educational institution imparting education in high school level and one of the oldest school in Odisha India. The school was established in 1853 in the holy city of Puri and was originally located in Kundheibenta Sahi. Puri Zila School moved to another building which later converted to Samanta Chandra Sekhar College Puri. Puri Zila School moved to its current location on Station Road in 1958.
 The University of the Philippines Diliman (commonly referred to as UP Diliman or informally Peyups) is a coeducational and public research university located in Quezon City Philippines.
 The Uganda Junior Staff College is a staff college in Uganda East Africa. Typically graduates are commanders in the Uganda People's Defence Force. Other African countries also send their cadets to the college for training.
 Paris High School is one of the two public high schools in Paris Kentucky United States.In grades 9-12 Paris High School serves 219 students.Paris is a relatively small high school but is well known for diversity. Paris Independent Schools has a long tradition of educating children in Paris and Bourbon County.
 Queen Elizabeth Sixth Form College or QE as it is commonly known is a sixth form college on 'Vane Terrace in Darlington County Durham England. It educates nearly 2000 students from Darlington and the surrounding areas with students coming from Stockton Richmond Newton Aycliffe and elsewhere. It is situated near the town centre next to the Arts Centre and Stanhope Park.
 Zhejiang University of Media and Communications (ZUMC) is a forward-looking modern university with an outstanding reputation as a provider of education and training in broadcasting television film print new media social media and video.
 The Burke County School District is a public school district in Burke County Georgia USA based in Waynesboro Georgia. It serves the communities of Girard Keysville Midville Vidette and Waynesboro Georgia.
 University of Canberra Senior Secondary College Lake Ginninderra formerly known as Lake Ginninderra College until 2011 is a public secondary college catering for students in Years 11 and 12. It is located in the Australian Capital Territory Australia situated on the lakefront of Lake Ginninderra.
 The Ziauddin University (abbreviated as ZU) is a private research university located in the suburb area of Karachi Sindh Pakistan. The university is honored and named after the renowned educationist Ziauddin Ahmad.Founded in 1995 by the Ziauddin Group who also managed its research and financial funding it is one of the premium institutions of higher learning in medical and biological sciences.
 The Korea Institute of Science and Technology (KIST) is a multi-disciplinary research institute located in Seoul South Korea. Founded in 1966 it was the first multi-disciplinary scientific research institute in Korea and has contributed significantly to the economic development of the country particularly during the years of accelerated growth in the 1970s and 1980s.
 Altai State Medical University (Russian: Алтайский Государственный Медицинский Университет) is a state university in Barnaul Russia.
 The Wakeman School and Arts College (formerly Shrewsbury Technical School) was a co-educational comprehensive school located in Shrewsbury the county town of Shropshire England. The school was the only secondary school in the town centre located just to the east of the English Bridge.
 Gig Harbor High School is a public high school in the Peninsula School District in Gig Harbor Washington.It was created in the summer of 1978 and originally was a 2A school but is now 4A. During its first year the school enrolled eighth through eleventh graders. All seniors remained at Peninsula. The school's rivals are Peninsula High School (Purdy Pierce County) and South Kitsap High School (Port Orchard Washington).
 The British School of Barcelona is a private profit-making coeducational bilingual international school located in Castelldefels near Barcelona Spain.
 Brooke Point High School is a public high school located about 40 miles south of Washington D.C. in Stafford Virginia. It is one of five high schools serving Stafford County Public Schools and serves students in grades nine through twelve in the eastern portion of Stafford County. The school was opened in 1993.
 Hertswood Academy (formerly Hertswood School) is a secondary school with academy status situated in Borehamwood Hertfordshire. It enrolls boys and girls from the age of 11 to 18. It also offers a sixth form for students who wish to continue their studies into AS and A levels.Hertswood Academy(formerly Hertswood School) was established in 2000 by an amalgamation of five former local schools. This is reflected in the two different sites of the school today.
 George School is a private Quaker (Society of Friends) boarding and day high school located on a rural campus near Newtown Bucks County Pennsylvania USA. It was founded at its present site in 1893 and has grown from a single building (still standing) to over 20 academic athletic and residential buildings. Besides the usual college preparatory courses including an International Baccalaureate program the school features several distinct programs deriving from its Quaker heritage.
 The University of Stirling is a campus university founded by Royal charter in 1967 on the Airthrey Estate in Stirling Scotland. Stirling University is a plate glass university along with Heriot-Watt University the University of Dundee and the University of Strathclyde. These increased the number of universities in Scotland from four to eight. Stirling was however the only completely new institution of its kind established in Scotland since the University of Edinburgh was founded in 1582.
 Wimbledon College of Art formerly Wimbledon School of Art is a constituent college of the University of the Arts London. It is located in Wimbledon and Merton Park South West London.
 The Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication (often abbreviated to The Cronkite School by its students and faculties) is one of the 24 independent schools at Arizona State University and named in honor of veteran broadcast journalist Walter Cronkite.
 FCJ College Benalla is a Catholic college based in Benalla Victoria Australia. It caters for Year 7 to VCE. It services nearly 400 students.
 The Universidad del Valle de Guatemala (University of the Valley of Guatemala) is a private not-for-profit secular university located in Guatemala City Guatemala. It was founded in 1966 by a private foundation which had previously overseen the American School of Guatemala. It was the first private university to give a strong emphasis to technology and technical background in the country. The registry for the .gt country-code domain name is operated by this university.
 For schools with a similar name see Monroe High School.Monroe High School is a public high school in Monroe Washington. Since 1999 the school has been located on Tester Road. Formerly it was located on Main Street in downtown Monroe.
 The Helena Romanes School and Sixth Form Centre (HRS) in Essex England is a mixed-sex secondary school with academy status for ages 11–18. It is situated in the rural Essex countryside occupying approximately 35 acres (140000 m2) just to the north of Great Dunmow and has approximately 1500 pupils. A Sports and Leisure Centre shared with the local community is also located on site.
 Brayton High School is a medium-sized high school in Selby North Yorkshire England. The school provides for approximately 500 pupils aged from 11 to 16.The High School is located within the parish boundaries of Brayton although its catchment area also covers other local villages and extends into parts of Selby.Brayton High School opened in 1979 and was awarded Technology College status in 2001.
 Cathkin High School is a state secondary school in Cambuslang South Lanarkshire (Greater Glasgow) Scotland.
 Savitaben Girdharlal Mayachand Shiroiya Senior Secondary School (commonly known as S.G.M. Shiroiya School S.G.M. School or Shiroiya English School) is a school in Navsari in the Indian state of Gujarat. It was established in 1996. The current school Principal is Mr. Thaliyachira K. Joy. It is affiliated to C.B.S.E. It is an ISO 9000:2000 certified school and is situated in the Chhapra road area of Navsari near Chhapra Village. It has grade from Nursery to Std. 12 Commerce & Science Streams.
 Yeshivath Beth Moshe is an Orthodox Jewish Seminary located in Scranton Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1964; Rabbi Yaakov Schnaidman and Rabbi Chaim Bressler are the Roshei Yeshiva of the school.Yeshivath Beth Moshe comprises a secondary school and a collegiate-level Beis Midrash. About 200 males between ages 14 and 19 attend the secondary school while 78 are currently enrolled in the seminary.
 Saitama University (埼玉大学 Saitama Daigaku abbreviated 埼大 Saidai) is a Japanese national university located in a suburban area of Sakura-ku Saitama City capital of Saitama Prefecture in Tokyo Metropolitan Area.The University has five faculties (schools) for undergraduate education -Liberal Arts Education Economics Science and Engineering- and four graduate schools -Cultural Science Education Economic Science and Science and Engineering- all offering programs leading to doctorates as well as master’s degrees. 
 The Pontifical French Seminary (Fr: Collège Français It. Seminario Francese) is a Roman Colleges dedicated to training French speaking Roman Catholic priests.
 </pre>The University of Koblenz and Landau (German Universität Koblenz-Landau) is a university located in Koblenz and Landau Germany. It was founded in 1990.
 West Green Primary School is a maintained primary school situated in the West Green neighbourhood of Crawley West Sussex for pupils aged 4 to 11. It currently caters for approximately 150 pupils. Twenty percent of the students have special education needs higher than the national average.
 Northwest Christian School is a private school in Phoenix Arizona. The campus is located at 16401 North 43rd Avenue northwest of downtown Phoenix Arizona USA. Northwest's enrollment is 1238 students.
 Hampton College is a community school for pupils aged 4 to 18 located in Hampton Peterborough England.The school opened to years 7 and 8 in September 2005.By 2008 the school accepted students in years 7 through to 11. Further expansion including a sixth form was initially due for completion by 2010. Although the school began AS Level courses in September 2009 the date for the new buildings was reviewed.
 The Episcopal Day School is a private coeducational Episcopalian school located in the historic district of Summerville in Augusta Georgia offering education from prekindergarten through grade 8.
 Essex High School is a high school located in the town of Tappahannock in Essex County Virginia.
 Thamesview School is a coeducational foundation high school and sixth form located in Gravesend in the English county of Kent.It is administered by Kent County Council which coordinates admissions to the school. Thamesview School has a non-selective intake but does have specialisms in Business and Enterprise. The school moved into a new building in September 2010 and a purpose built vocational centre opened in 2005. Thamesview School offers GCSEs and BTECs as programmes of study for pupils.
 Dr G R Damodaran College of Science is an ISO 9001:2008 certified institution in Coimbatore Tamil Nadu India.It was founded in 1988 by The GRD Trust.
 The Technological Educational Institute (TEI) of Serres is a higher-educational institute supervised by the Ministry of Education Lifelong Learning and Religious Affairs. Technological Educational Institute of Chalkida was founded in 1983 and is located in the city of Serres. It consists of three schools: the School of Technological Applications the School of Management and Finance and the School of Graphic Arts and Design.
 North Park Theological Seminary is a seminary located in the North Park neighborhood of the city of Chicago Illinois. It is the sole graduate theological school of the Evangelical Covenant Church. The institution's academic programs include a Master of Arts in Christian Ministry Master of Arts in Theological Studies Master of Arts in Christian Formation Master of Divinity Doctor of Ministry in Preaching and various certificate programs.
 Bishop's Stortford College is a co-educational independent school for day and boarding pupils from the ages of four to eighteen with a 130-acre (0.53 km2) campus located on the edge of Bishop's Stortford Hertfordshire England. As an all-through school it is a member of both the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference and the Independent Association of Preparatory Schools.
 Blatchington Mill School is a coeducational secondary school in Hove Brighton and Hove for 11 to 19 year olds.
 Olympia High School was opened in the fall of 2001 in Orlando Florida. The first principal was Janice Pratt the second was Robert Avossa the third principal was Jenny Gibson-Linkh and the current principal is Guy Swenson. Olympia serves Windermere and Metro West areas as well as some Dr. Phillips area students. As of the 2007–2008 school year there was an enrollment of 3063 with a racial makeup of 48% White 24% Black 17% Hispanic 9% Asian and 2% multiracial.
 École Franco-Nord is a French-language elementary school located in Prince George British Columbia Canada. The school's name is a reference to the northern geographic location of Prince George within British Columbia (nord translates to north).
 Frankford Middle School is a public secondary school in Dallas Texas and part of the Plano Independent School District. Grade levels at the middle school are 6th through 8th grade. Incoming students are from Haggar Elementary Hightower Elementary Jackson Elementary and Mitchell Elementary Schools. Frankford students then attend Shepton High School (Grades 9-10) and then Plano West Senior High School (Grades 11-12).
 William K. Willis / Scioto River High School is a high school in Delaware Ohio. It is a part of the Scioto Juvenile Correctional Facility. All youth prisoners who do not have a high school degree are required to participate in the educational program.William K. Willis High School is for female youth prisoners while Scioto River High School is for the male youth prisoners.
 Perry Hall High School is a public high school established in 1963 and is the largest public high school in Baltimore County Maryland enrolling about 2300 students a year. Located in the northeastern Baltimore suburb of Perry Hall and serving the surrounding communities such as Kingsville and Glen Arm it is part of the Baltimore County Public Schools system. Area middle schools that feed into Perry Hall High are Perry Hall Middle School and Pine Grove Middle School.
 Chalmers University of Technology (Swedish: Chalmers tekniska högskola often shortened to Chalmers) is a Swedish university located in Gothenburg that focuses on research and education in technology natural science architecture maritime and other management areas.
 The Columbia University School of Social Work is a professional program within Columbia University. With an enrollment of over 900 it is one of the largest social work programs in the United States. It is also the nation’s oldest with roots extending back to 1898 when the New York Charity Organization Society’s first summer course was announced in The New York Times.
 Adlai E. Stevenson College is a residential college at the University of California Santa Cruz. Currently the college is host to the Linguistics Department as well as many humanities faculty.The college was named after Adlai Stevenson an American politician and United Nations ambassador. The college was founded in 1966 a year after the establishment of the university and its first college Cowell.
 Carlisle College is a further education college based in Carlisle Cumbria. It takes on students in the September and also the February of each year.The OFSTED Report for the school was met with a review stating This is a really good college where learner achievement is high which is down to the hard work and dedication of both students and staff.
 Robert E. Lee High School is a public secondary school in Montgomery Alabama USA serving grades 9–12. The school is part of the Montgomery Public Schools system.
 The Moss Landing Marine Laboratories (MLML) is a multi-campus marine research consortium headquartered at Moss Landing California.
 Wheatley Park School is a secondary school of around 1150 pupils situated in Holton about 8 miles (13 km) southeast of Oxford. Its current headteacher is Kate Curtis who was promoted to the position in 2005 to replace Nicholas Young.
 Johnstown Christian School is a parochial school in Hollsopple Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1944 by a group of Mennonite families who were concerned about the spiritual growth and development of their children. The school was reorganized in 1973 as the Johnstown Christian School to better reflect the broader Christian community of the Johnstown area that was being served. The school serves children in kindergarten through 12th grade.
 Webster Thomas High School is a public high school located in Webster Monroe County New York U.S.A. and is one of two high schools operated by the Webster Central School District.
 Albany Unified School District includes seven schools in Albany California.
 St. Joseph Engineering College (SJEC) is an engineering college in Vamanjoor Mangalore India. Being a unit of the Catholic Diocese of Mangalore it is the only Catholic engineering institute in Karnataka.
 The Christelijke Hogeschool Ede (in English Christian University of Applied Sciences is added to the Dutch name; abbreviation remains CHE) is a Dutch vocational university based in Ede in the central Netherlands.
 Bexley Hall also known as Bexley Seabury is a seminary with locations in Bexley Ohio a suburb of Columbus and in Chicago Illinois. The school is one of 11 official seminaries of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America. Bexley Seabury's mission includes creating new networks of Christian formation entrepreneurial leadership and bold inquiry in the service of the Gospel.
 Jacksonville High School (JHS) is a high school located in Jacksonville North Carolina for students in grades nine through twelve.
 Our Lady of the Lake University (OLLU) is an independent Catholic co-ed university located in San Antonio Texas United States. It was founded in 1895 by the Sisters of the Congregation of Divine Providence a religious institute originating in Lorraine France during the 18th century. The Texas chapter of the institute still sponsors the university.
 The College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering (CNSE) of the State University of New York is an Albany New York USA based global education research development and technology deployment resource for nanotechnology.
 National College of Natural Medicine (NCNM) is a school of naturopathic medicine and Classical Chinese medicine located in Portland Oregon United States. Founded in 1956 it is the oldest programmatically of the seven accredited naturopathic medical schools in North America. Until July 1 2006 NCNM was known as the National College of Naturopathic Medicine.
 Alta Vista High School is a public charter high school in Tucson Arizona. It is operated by The Leona Group.
 Springfield Gardens Educational Campus is a public school campus with three schools in Queens New York New York.The schools include the George Washington Carver High School for the Sciences Queens Preparatory Academy Preparatory Academy for Writers and Excelsior Preparatory High School.
 Albert Einstein Academy for Letters Arts and Sciences also known as AEA is a public charter school in the Hart district located in the Santa Clarita Valley in California USA.
 Northern Southland College (NSC) is a secondary school for years 7 to 13. It is located in the town of Lumsden New Zealand. The school has three main rules. Respect Self. Respect Others. Respect Property. The school has students from the surrounding areas of Mossburn Balfour and Five Rivers. Most pupils travel to school via bus. NSC has a great reputation of producing well rounded and respected pupils.
 Kishori Lal Sharma Institute of Engineering and Technology (KLSIET) (Hindi: किशोरी लाल शर्मा इंजीनियरिंग और प्रौद्योगिकी संस्थान ) was established by the Kishori Lal Sharma Trust in 2009. It is situated in Chandok(Bijnor). It is approved by the All India Council for Technical Education Ministry of Human Resource and Development government of India and the government of Uttar Pradesh. It is affiliated to U P Technical University Lucknow. The campus spreads over 18 acres.
 Boston University Academy (BUA) is a private high school operated by Boston University. Founded in 1993 and located on the Boston University campus the Academy is geared toward college preparatory work.
 Villa Joseph Marie High School is a private Roman Catholic all-girls high school in Holland Pennsylvania. It is independent of the Archdiocese of Philadelphia.
 Mount Elizabeth Secondary School is a public school in Kitimat British Columbia Canada. The school was built in 1959 to serve the newly formed Kitimat British Columbia. The building was expanded and improved in the 1970s and 1980s to compensate for an increase in population. The building now has a capacity of approximately 1500 students. However due to population decline in Kitimat there is just a fraction of that today.
 Prestatyn High School is the only secondary school in the town of Prestatyn and one of 9 secondary schools in the entire county of Denbighshire. It is one of the largest schools in the region and the country with over 1800 pupils and 250 staff.
 The South Eastern School District is a midsized rural public school district in southern York County Pennsylvania. It serves the boroughs of Cross Roads Stewartstown Delta and Fawn Grove plus the townships of Hopewell Township East Hopewell Township Fawn Township and Peach Bottom Township. It also includes the villages of Bryansville and Woodbine. The district encompasses approximately 105 square miles (270 km2).
 Zhejiang International Studies University (Chinese: 浙江外国语学院; pinyin: Zhèjiāng Wàiguóyǔ Xuéyuàn)is located in the city of Hangzhou Zhejiang Province. Zhejiang International Studies University (ZISU) situated near the picturesque West Lake is a prestigious academic institution run by Zhejiang Provincial Government.
 Amersham School is a mixed secondary school in Amersham Buckinghamshire. In September 2011 the school became an Academy.
 The Universidad TecMilenio (UTM) (TecMilenio University) is a private institution of higher education is part of Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education Tec Milenio University ITESM System an educational system with national and international levels through 40 campus and an online campus with a unique and innovative educational model that forms professionals with the skills needed by modern businesses and organizations.
 The Eastern University Sri Lanka (abbreviated as EUSL) is a public university located in Vantharumoolai Eastern Province Sri Lanka. It was established on 1 October 1986.
 Auro University has been established under Gujarat Private Universities Act 2009 as a State Private University at Surat Gujarat under Hasmukh P Rama (Chancellor Auro University and CEO of JHM Hotels USA).The University is currently offering BCom BCA BSc-IT BSc Hospitality Management BSc Culinary Art BBA Tourism Management BBA-LLB MBA(Full Time / Part Time) programmes at Surat under Kamlesh Misra as its founder and Vice-Chancellor.
 Centralia College of Agricultural Technology was an agricultural college in Huron Park Ontario near the town of Exeter. It opened in 1967 and operated under the direction of the Ontario Ministry of Agriculture and Food. The college used local farms rather than a demonstration farm for field laboratories in order to gain the cooperation of local farmers. The college was closed due to provincial government cutbacks in the 1993 budget.
 Model High School is a public high school in Shannon Georgia.
 Arizona State University at the Downtown Phoenix campus is one of four campuses of Arizona State University. It is commonly referred to as ASU Downtown. The campus distinguished by its name is located in the downtown area of Phoenix Arizona.The school was built in line with ASU President Michael M. Crow's One University Many Places initiative and wasbuilt with cooperation from the state of Arizona and local governments.
 Egra Sarada Shashi Bhusan College established in 1968 is one of the oldest college in Purba Medinipur district. It offers undergraduate courses in arts commerce and sciences. It is affiliated to Vidyasagar University.
 Frederica Academy is an independent coeducational college preparatory school located on Saint Simons Island Georgia USA. It currently serves students from grades Pre-K to 12. The school has a fully functional lower school middle school and high school. The current head of school is Greg Griffeth.
 The Hamilton and Alexandra College is an independent private non-profit co-educational day and boarding school located in Hamilton Victoria Australia.
 All Saints Greek Orthodox Grammar School or simply All Saints Grammar (ASG) is an independent Greek Orthodox Christian co-educational day school. It has two campuses: a Junior campus (Pre-Kindergarten to Year 6) in Belmore and the Senior High School Towers Campus (Year 7 to Year 12) in Belmore South both south-western suburbs of Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 The Sisters of Charity of Jesus and Mary came to Galle Sri Lanka in 1896 for more than 11 years there was only one house of the SCJM in Galle. The second foundation was proposed from 1906 especially by M. Tiburce De Mol Superior of Galle. In collaboration with the Jesuits the sisters started the work and by 1908 they finished the convent and the school. on 15 April 1908 Sr. Josephine Halewijn and Sr.
 Heritage High School is a public high school located in Lynchburg Virginia.The school is a part of Lynchburg City Public Schools District. Timothy Beatty is the head principal . Heritage has enrollment of 1102 as of 2011. Its mascot is the Pioneer and its colors are blue and orange.
 Government College Nedumangad is one of the premier educational institutions in Nedumangad Thiruvananthapuram Kerala . The College is affiliated to Kerala University and is a special grade College under the Department of Collegiate Education Government of Kerala. The college has been accredited by NAAC with. It provides graduate and postgraduate education in Arts and Commerce subjects.
 The Institute of Business Management (IoBM) is a university and business school in Karachi Pakistan. IoBM is composed of four colleges the College of Business Management (CBM) the College of Economics and Social Development (CESD) the College of Computer Science and Information Systems (CCSIS) and the College of Engineering Sciences (CES).
 The University of Tennessee Space Institute also known as UTSI is a satellite campus of the University of Tennessee located near Tullahoma Tennessee.UTSI was founded to allow the University of Tennessee to take maximum academic advantage of the many advanced aerospace facilities located in the Arnold Engineering Development Center on Arnold Air Force Base including wind tunnels and other laboratory equipment.In recent years enrollment has declined somewhat.
 Shenyang Conservatory of Music is a music college in Shenyang Liaoning province China. Established in 1938 the school serves approximately 8000 students in undergraduate graduate and professional studies.
 Jilin College of the Arts (Chinese: 吉林艺术学院; pinyin: Jílín Yìshù Xúeyuàn) is a college at Changchun Jilin China.
 Caribbean School is a private college preparatory day school located in Ponce Puerto Rico. Its curriculum covers grades from pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade.
 Washtenaw Technical Middle College (WTMC) is a Michigan Public School Academy chartered by and located on the campus of Washtenaw Community College (WCC) in Ann Arbor Michigan that allows students to obtain an associate's degree or Technical Certificate from Washtenaw Community College while earning their high school diploma. WTMC is a skill based as opposed to a credit based educational program.
 Holy Family Academy (HFA) formerly the Colegio dela Sagrada Familia is a Catholic private school established in 1906 and located in Angeles City Philippines. It has both elementary and high school departments as well as kindergarten and preparatory school (known in the school as prep) classes for younger students.
 The Government Champhai College Champhai Mizoram was established originally as a private college in 1971 by the philanthropists of Champhai town and neighboring villages. The founders objective was providing collegiate education to the students of this remote hilly tribal town near the international border of India with Myanmar. It was initially affiliated to Guwahati University then to North Eastern Hill University in 1973.
 Canyon Springs High School is a public high school located in Moreno Valley California. Founded in 1987 it is part of the Moreno Valley Unified School District.In both 1988 & 1994 Canyon Springs High School won the CIF-SS Football Championship. In 1994 the football team was voted as State Champions for Division 2.
 Kanazawa University (金沢大学 Kanazawa daigaku abbreviated to 金大 Kindai) is a national university of Japan located in the city of Kanazawa the capital of Ishikawa Prefecture.Kanazawa University is divided into two main campuses: Kakuma and Takaramachi. Student enrollment is about 11000 including 350 international students.
 The baccalauréat (French pronunciation: ​[bakaloʁeˈa]) often known in France colloquially as le bac is an academic qualification which French and international students take at the end of the lycée (High School) (secondary education). It was introduced by Napoleon I in 1808. It is the main diploma required to pursue university studies. There is also the European Baccalaureate which students take at the end of the European School education.
 Delhi Public School Bokaro Steel City or DPS Bokaro was established in May 1987 as an English medium co-educational school affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education New Delhi India. The school is run by the Delhi Public School Society New Delhi a non-profit making society. Dr. M S Tyagi was the first principal of the school. Mrs. Paramjeet Kaur is the present Principal In-charge.The school motto is Service Before Self.
 St Michael's Parish School (aka St Michael's Primary School) is a Catholic co-ed primary school located in Ashburton Victoria Australia.
 Rome International School (RIS) is a private international school in Rome Italy. The school offers an international education to children aged 2 to 18 years from Nursery through to Grade 13. The language of instruction is English. Students in Grade 10 and 11 sit the externally assessed GCSE General Certificate of Secondary Education through the UK examination body AQA (Assessment and Qualifications Alliance).
 Woden High School is a high school located in Woden Texas (USA).It is part of the Woden Independent School District located in south central Nacogdoches County. Woden High School also serves students from the neighboring Etoile Independent School District which does not have its own high school.In 2011 the school was rated Recognized by the Texas Education Agency.
 Feltonfleet School is a preparatory school for boys and Girls from 3 to 13 years old based in Cobham Surrey in a Grade II listed building. The school is a charitable trust.
 Trisakti University is a private university located in west Jakarta Indonesia. Founded on 29 November 1965 the university has more than 30000 students.
 Concord International High School (also known as Concord High School) has operated as an independent co-educational university preparatory day school for 37 years with 50-100 students enrolled in grades 9 through 12. The school has its campus in Santa Monica California.The school filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in November 2010 shortly after longtime director Packer Davis left the school. A lawsuit alleges that Davis misused school funds for personal purposes leading to the bankruptcy.
 The University of Harderwijk (1648–1811) also named the Guelders Academy (Latin: Academia Gelro-Zutphanica) was located in the town of Harderwijk in the Republic of the United Provinces (now: the Netherlands).
 Seva Bharati Mahavidyalaya also known as Kapgari College is an undergraduate coeducational college situated in Kapgari Paschim Medinipur West Bengal. It was established in 1964. The college is under Vidyasagar University.
 Wildwood School is an independent progressive K-12 school located in Los Angeles. Wildwood was founded as an elementary school in 1971 by a group of parents led by a young lawyer named Belle Mason. The secondary campus (middle and high school) opened in 2000. Wildwood School is dedicated to focusing on teaching independent learning to students and crafting them into lifelong learners.
 St. Anthony Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school located in the Monte Vista Historic District in Midtown San Antonio Texas United States. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Antonio.
 Kayempur High School (Bengali: কায়েমপুর উচ্চ বিদ্যালয় ) is school in Kayempur village Khansama Dinajpur District (Bangladesh) Bangladesh; it has about 600 students. Khansama is located at 25.838059°N 88.76524°E﻿ / 25.838059; 88.76524 .
 Red River College of Applied Arts Science and Technology is located in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada and is the province’s largest institute of applied learning and applied research with over 200 degree diploma and certificate programs and more than 30000 enrolments annually.
 Millers Creek Christian School is a coed private school located in Millers Creek North Carolina. The school was founded by and is operated through the Millers Creek Baptist Church. The school was established in 1997 and includes instruction from kindergarten through high school grade 12. It has the largest enrollment of any private school in Wilkes County North Carolina.
 Queen Elizabeth Grammar School (QEGS) is an independent public school for boys in Wakefield West Yorkshire England.
 Kendriya Vidyalaya No. 2 Halwara is a public school at Halwara Punjab. It was opened in 1983 and since then it has gifted its students with excellent education and values. It is located in the Air Force area in Halwara. Students from all parts of India study here and it allows them to know the different cultures of India.
 Kabul University (KU) is located in Kabul the capital of Afghanistan. It was founded in 1931 but officially opened for classes in 1932. Kabul University is attended by 25000 students of which around 38% are women. Habibullah Habib is the chancellor of the university. Mohammad Hadi Hedayati is the Vice chancellor of the university. The university is still recovering from the long period of war and chaos in the country.
 Nagoya Sangyo University (名古屋産業大学 Nagoya sangyō daigaku) is a private university in Owariasahi Aichi Japan. The school was first founded as a junior college in 1965 and it became a four-year college in 2000.
 Salesian College is an independent Roman Catholic school in Farnborough Hampshire England. It admits boys from the age of 11 to 18 and girls in the Sixth Form. The College was founded in 1901 as a small preparatory school for boys but soon expanded to provide boarding secondary education owing to its increasing popularity.For the 2007-08 academic year the College announced that it would admit girls into the Sixth Form for the first time.
 The Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (MGIMS) (Hindi: महात्मा गाँधी आयुर्विज्ञान संस्थान) is India’s first rural medical college nestled in the karmabhoomi of Mahatma Gandhi in Sevagram. It is managed by the Kasturba Health Society. The college was earlier affiliated to the Nagpur University (1969–1997) and from year 1998 it is now affiliated to the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) Nashik.
 Manchester High School Central is the oldest public high school in the state of New Hampshire. Located in the heart of Manchester New Hampshire over 2400 students attend from communities such as Candia Hooksett and Manchester. The name was changed from Manchester High School in 1922 when Manchester West High School opened.
 Fremont Ross High School is a public high school in Fremont Ohio USA. It is the only high school in the Fremont City School District and one of two high schools in Fremont the other being Saint Joseph Central Catholic High School. The school enrolls 1386 students as of the 2006-2007 academic year.The boys' sports teams are called the Little Giants while girls' teams are the Lady Giants. The school's colors are purple and white.
 Karnal Sher Khan Cadet College Swabi (KSKCCS) is a residential high school located in Ismaila Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Pakistan.
 Bronxville Union Free School District is a public school district serving the Village of Bronxville Westchester County New York. In 2007 1569 students were enrolled in the district elementary middle and high school which are all housed within the same large building.
 King's Lynn Academy (formerly The Park High School) is one of the three secondary (11-16 or 18) schools in the West Norfolk town of King's Lynn. It is situated on Queen Mary Road in the Gaywood area of King's Lynn. The school opened in 1939 originally with separate schools for boys and girls. Until 1997 it was known as Gaywood Park High School when it became The Park High School. The school became an academy sponsored by the CWA Academy Trust founded by the College of West Anglia in 2010.
 Chicago Bulls College Prep (commonly known as Chicago Bulls College Prep or CBCP) is a public 4-year charter high school located on the Near West Side of Chicago Illinois. It is a part of the Noble Network of Charter Schools. It is named after the Chicago Bulls basketball team which supports the school through its charitable arm.
 The University of Milan - Bicocca (Italian: Università degli Studi di Milano - Bicocca UNIMIB) is a university located in Milan Italy.It was established in 1998.
 St Vincent's College (commonly known as Vinnies) is a Roman Catholic secondary boarding and day school for girls located in Victoria Street Potts Point an inner-city suburb of Sydney New South Wales Australia.The college is one of Australia's oldest Catholic girls' schools founded by the Sisters of Charity as a co-educational primary school in 1858 and celebrated its sesquicentenary in 2008.
 Parkersburg South High School (also just South) in Parkersburg West Virginia United States serves grades 9 through 12 and is part of the Wood County School District. The school's colors are navy blue and white (with a touch of scarlet) and the mascot is a Patriot. The school's principal is Tom Eschbacher. As of the 2007-2008 school year the school has 1623 students. The Wood County School District has 13746 students in 29 schools.Feeder schools are Edison Middle [Jr.
 Wilmington Academy of Arts and Sciences (WAAS) is a private school in Wilmington North Carolina that focuses on education for academically gifted students in grades 4-8.
 Fairland High School is a public high school in Proctorville Ohio United States. It is the only high school in the Fairland Local School District. Their nickname is the Dragons. The Principal is Chad Belville and the Vice Principal is Jonathan Bradley.
 Salmon P. Chase College of Law Northern Kentucky University is a law school in Highland Heights Kentucky that was founded in 1893 and accredited by the American Bar Association in 1959. The college of law provides both part-time and full-time programs of study that lead to a Juris Doctor (J.D.) degree as well as a joint JD/MBA degree. The school was named for the Reconstruction era U.S. Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase.
 Sacred Heart High School is a separate high school in Walkerton Ontario Canada. The school offers a French Immersion Program as well as a Specialist High Skills Major Program.
 Open Training Institute is an online Registered Training Organisation (RTO) based in Australia. It is owned by Open Universities Australia.Open Training Institute offers online Vocational Education Training (VET) courses across a number of business disciplines.While the majority of enrolled students are based in Australia courses are available to students internationally. The courses do not have entry requirements and there are no quotas for courses.
 The Faculty of Arts Chulalongkorn University was established in 1917. It is one of the first 4 faculties of the university. Its former name is Faculty of Arts and Science. At the time of establishment the first 2 missions of the faculty were to teach the students humanities and sciences and to produce secondary school teachers. In 1934 the faculty started to offer a bachelor degree of Arts. Nowadays there are many programs in undergraduate graduate and doctor of philosophy.
 EBC Hochschule Hamburg is a private business school in Hamburg Germany. It offers Bachelor's and Master's programs in business and management. Founded in 2008 EBC Hochschule Hamburg has an international focus with many partner universities in different countries as well as other locations in Germany.
 Cedar Park Christian School is a private Christian school with five campuses. The school is also part of an Assemblies of God church. The school started in 1981 with five preschool students under the direction of Mrs. Galloway. The school has expanded to include preschool through twelfth grade.
 Hong Kong True Light College (HKTLC Chinese: 香港真光書院) is a Christian girls' secondary school in Ap Lei Chau Hong Kong Island Hong Kong.
 Saint Michael's Academy is an American day and boarding school for boys and girls from kindergarten through twelfth grade located in Spokane Washington United States and administered by a sedevacantist group the Congregation of Mary Immaculate Queen Traditionalist Catholic group.
 Zion Heights Junior High School is an intermediate school for students in Grade 7 to Grade 9 in the north end of Toronto Ontario Canada. It was opened in 1967 by the North York Board of Education and is currently owned and operated by its successor the Toronto District School Board.
 Capital Baptist Theological Seminary is a Christian school with campuses in Seoul and Anseong City Gyeonggi province South Korea. It is affiliated with the Korea Baptist Convention. The current president is Han-ho Doh.
 Ragas Dental College & Hospital commonly called RDC chennai is a dental college located at the outskirts of Chennai India. It is affiliated to The Tamil Nadu Dr. M.G.R. Medical University.
 The University of Vermont College of Medicine is an American medical school located in Burlington Vermont and associated with the University of Vermont (UVM). Established in 1822 it is the nation's seventh oldest medical school. The primary teaching hospital for the UVM College of Medicine is Fletcher Allen Health Care in Burlington.The UVM College of Medicine offers both MD and MD/PhD programs. In 2007 there were 431 medical and 23 MD/PhD students enrolled.
 Truckee High School is one of two high schools in the Tahoe-Truckee Unified School District which is based in the Lake Tahoe area town of Truckee in eastern Nevada County California.
 Ecole Supérieure de Réalisation Audiovisuelle is a French educational academy (Paris Nice Rennes) which specialises in the training of cinema television photography sound engineering and digital art through the Desra (Diplôme d'études supérieures de réalisation audiovisuelle) diploma the DESTS (Diplôme d'études supérieures des téchniques du son) and the DESFA (Diplôme d'études supérieures du Film d'animation).ESRA was created in 1972 in Paris by Max Azoulay.Since 2007 the students can continue their studies for a fourth year in New York city.In 2007 the school created two year specialization studies (mastère) in Paris.
 Universiti Sultan Zainal Abidin (abbreviated as UniSZA; Jawi: اونيۏرسيتي سلطان زاينل عابدين; English: Sultan Zainal Abidin University) is the 18th public institution of higher learning located in the state of Terengganu Malaysia.
 Ann Arbor Public Schools serves the city of Ann Arbor Michigan and parts of eight surrounding townships covering 125 square miles (320 km2). The district operates 20 elementary schools 1 K-8 open school 5 middle schools 3 comprehensive high schools 3 alternative high schools 3 preschools and 1 adult education program; the district maintains 640 acres (2.6 km2) of real estate and 3300000 square feet (310000 m2) of building space.
 Avon High School is a secondary school for grades 9-12 located in Avon Ohio. Its enrollment neared 1000 as of the 2008-2009 school year with a 2008 graduating class of 215. The school colors are purple and gold. The school mascot is an Eagle. The Avon Eagles are part of the West Shore Conference. They will be moving to the Southwestern Conference beginning in the 2015-2016 School Year.
 The Wheaton College Men's Glee Club is an all-male glee club (or choir) at Wheaton College in Wheaton Illinois currently conducted by Dr. Mary Hopper.Founded in 1907 the Men's Glee Club has maintained a long tradition of traditions under its three founding pillars: veritas integritas and fraternitas. The group is composed of around 60 men who hail from many different areas of study and many different parts of the world.
 Kineton High School is a mixed secondary school in South Warwickshire England within the village of Kineton. It is a non-selective community school run by Warwickshire County Council. Pupils are aged between eleven and nineteen. The school has specialist Sports College status.
 Kilrea Primary School is a controlled primary school located in the village of Kilrea near Coleraine County Londonderry Northern Ireland. It is within the North Eastern Education and Library Board area. The student numbers range between 90 and 100. The school currently has a teaching staff of five.
 The University of Avignon (long name: University of Avignon and the Vaucluse French: Université d'Avignon et des Pays de Vaucluse) is a French university based in Avignon (President : Emmanuel Ethis). It is under the Academy of Aix and Marseille.
 Conception Abbey is a monastery of the Swiss-American Congregation of the Benedictine Confederation. The monastery founded by the Swiss Engelberg Abbey in 1873 in northwest Missouri's Nodaway County was raised to a conventual priory in 1876 and elevated to an abbey in 1881. At present the community numbers sixty-five monks who celebrate the Eucharist and Liturgy of the Hours daily and who staff and administer Conception Seminary College the Printery House and the Abbey Guest Center.
 Wichita Heights High School known locally as Heights is a coeducational secondary school located in Wichita Kansas USA serving students in grades 9-12. The school is part of the USD 259 public school system. The school principal is Mr. Bruce Deterding who replaced Mr. Mark Christian after Christian retired in 2006. The school colors are red and black.Wichita Heights High School was established in 1961 in order to help educate the growing population of Wichita Kansas.
 Wintec is an Australian saddle manufacturer known for the first synthetic saddles.
 Clover Hill High School is a public secondary school located in Midlothian an unincorporated community in Chesterfield County Virginia United States. It is part of Chesterfield County Public Schools and is located at 13301 Kelly Green Lane. The school opened in 1972 and moved to its present location in 2010.
 The International Centre for Theoretical Sciences is a research centre in Hesaraghatta Bangalore set up by the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research. The centre is to be resource for higher education and training and research and is modelled after successful institutes such as the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics in Santa Barbara and the Abdus Salam International Centre for Theoretical Physics in Trieste Italy.
 Trinity Christian School is an inter-denominational Christian school in Morgantown West Virginia. It was opened during the 2005-06 school year and was created through the merger of Alliance Christian School and Trinity High School. It covers grades K3-12th.During the mid-1990s parents of students of the former Alliance Christian School were concerned that there no longer remained an option for Christian education beyond middle school in the Morgantown area.
 Lancaster Country Day School (LCDS) is a private secular coeducational college preparatory school in Lancaster Pennsylvania. It serves 600 students in preschool through twelfth grade. All grades are housed under one roof similar to schools of the 19th century. The school encourages each student’s growth with a rigorous curriculum and supportive faculty that inspires passion for learning joy in accomplishment and a commitment to community.
 St Kevin's College founded 1918 is a private all-boys primary and secondary school in the Catholic tradition. The college is located in Toorak Victoria Australia. It has four campuses three of which are in the suburb of Toorak; the fourth in Richmond. The school owned a campsite 'Silver Creek' in the town of Flowerdale which was completely destroyed in February 2009 during the Black Saturday bushfires. St. Kevin's was founded by the Christian Brothers.
 Sujaul Senior Fazil Madrasha is a private school located in Sujaul Barlekha Maulvi Bazar.
 The Universidad Tecnológica de Santiago —or Santiago University of Technology (UTESA) is a private coeducational university located in the Dominican Republic. Its main campus is in the city of Santiago de los Caballeros and it has smaller campus extensions in Santo Domingo Puerto Plata Moca Dajabon and Santa Cruz de Mao.
 Kittanning Junior High School (KJHS) is a small middle school in Kittanning Armstrong County Pennsylvania. The School is operated by the Armstrong School District. In 2013 the School reported an enrollment of 379 pupils in grades 7th and 8th with 41% of its pupils receiving a federal free or reduced price lunch due to family poverty. In 2013 just 0.23% of pupils were identified as gifted. Kittanning Junior High School is a federally identified Title I school.
 Tan Tao University (Vietnamese language: Đại học Tân Tạo) is a private non-profit university in Long An Province Vietnam. The founder and the main sponsor of TTU is Mme Dang Thi Hoang Yen. Tan Tao is the university using the model of Duke University USA and aspires to become the first Vietnamese university with a U.S. style education.
 Sree Rama Varma High School (Malayalam: ശ്രീ രാമവര്‍മ്മ ഹൈസ്കൂള്‍ officially Sree Rama Varma Govt Model Higher Secondary School popularly known as SRV High School) is the largest government-owned school in Kochi Kerala India. It was founded by the Kochi Royal family as the English Elementary School in 1845. The school was later renamed after King Rama Varma of the founding Kochi Royal family.
 Alfred Bonnabel High School is a public school in Kenner Louisiana and is part of Jefferson Parish Public Schools the largest public school system in Louisiana. Bonnabel is the only high school in Kenner and serves all of Kenner and parts of Metairie LouisianaEast Jefferson High School had been using A.M. & P.M. platoon shifts where the first classes went to school from 6 a.m. until noon and the second shift went from 12:30 to 6:30.
 Unionville Public School is an elementary school located in Unionville Ontario Canada and is part of the York Region District School Board. It is a feeder school of Markville Secondary School.
 Seneca East High School is a public high school in Attica Ohio. It is the only high school in the Seneca East Local School District. Midland Athletic League. On December 1 2011 Carey Mohawk and Seneca East announced they would be leaving the MAL to help form the new Northern 10 Athletic Conference in 2014 with Bucyrus Buckeye Central Colonel Crawford Crestline Riverdale Wynford and Ridgedale. #TigerNation
 Turkmen State University named after Magtymguly (Turkmen: Magtymguly adyndaky Türkmen döwlet uniwersiteti) is one of the leading universities in Turkmenistan located in the capital of Ashgabat. Founded in 1950. It is named after Magtymguly Pyragy a Turkmen poet. Its current rector is Rejepmurat Charyevich Kalaev.
 The Complutense University of Madrid (Spanish: Universidad Complutense de Madrid or Universidad de Madrid Latin: Universitas Complutensis) is a public research university located in Madrid and one of the oldest universities in the world. The university enrolls over 86000 students and consistently ranks as the top university in Spain.
 Hocking College a technical college located in Nelsonville Ohio in the Appalachian region of the United States offers a wide selection of curriculum with 56 associate degree programs as well as several certification programs.
 Lycée de Garçons Esch-sur-Alzette (English: Esch-sur-Alzette High School for Boys) abbreviated to LGE is a high school in Esch-sur-Alzette in south-western Luxembourg. Despite the name the LGE is not an all-boys school but open to women since 1969.At the heart of the school is the original neo-classical building built in 1909. This was first augmented in 1957 and the school underwent a rapid expansion in the 1960s and 1970s.
 Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Damansara Jaya (SMKDJ) also known as Damansara Jaya Secondary School is a co-ed secondary school situated in Damansara Jaya Petaling Jaya Selangor Malaysia.
 St. Joseph's Institution (Abbreviation: SJI) is a Catholic secondary school for male students in Singapore. It was founded in 1852 as Saint John's Institution and is the third oldest educational institution in Singapore (the oldest being Raffles Institution and second oldest being Saint Margaret's Secondary School). It is the oldest Catholic school in Singapore.SJI provides an education to boys of all races and religions.
 Hill School of Fort Worth (often locally referred to simply as Hill School) is a small non-profit private school located in Fort Worth Texas USA. With little more than a few hundred students at any given time it is one of the smallest schools in the area. However it has attained national recognition through the School Attuned program which teaches children essential life skills and character traits.
 North Idaho College (NIC) is a community college in Coeur d'Alene Idaho United States. With an enrollment exceeding 6000 it is situated at the north end of Lake Coeur d'Alene at the east bank of the outflowing Spokane River.
 Cadet College Sialkot is an educational institution from grade 6 to grade 12 in the province of Punjab in Pakistan about 10 miles (32 km) from the city of Sialkot.
 Fairview Christian School was a private Mennonite school in Albany Oregon United States. Opened in 1975 the school was run by the Fairview Mennonite Church. The school moved to a new building in 1984 and closed in May 2009.
 Glen Este High School is a public high school in Glen Este outside of Cincinnati Ohio United States. It is one of two high schools in the West Clermont Local School District the other being Amelia High School. The four-year high school has an enrollment of approximately 1200 students in grades 9–12.Glen Este High School is accredited by the Ohio Department of Education and the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools.
 Barretto National High School formerly known as Barragay High School then changed to Barretto High School is a school in Barrangay Barretto Olongapo City Province of Zambales Philippines. It is located at Rizal Street.
 Chino Valley High School is a high school in Chino Valley Arizona. It is the only high school under the jurisdiction of the Chino Valley Unified School District.
 OD/Park high school best and formally known as Orillia District Collegiate & Vocational Institute is in Orillia Ontario in Canada.School Enrolment (2005-2006): 1004
 Westfield State University (also known as Westfield or Westfield State) is a comprehensive coeducational four-year public university in Westfield Massachusetts. It was founded in 1838 by noted educator and social reformer Horace Mann as the first public co-educational college in America without barrier to race gender or economic class.
 Covenant Christian High School is a non-denominational Christian high school located in Indianapolis Indiana. Its mascot is the warrior.
 Sanford–Brown Institute Trevose which opened in 1986 provides programs in a variety of healthcare professions. The original Sanford-Brown Institute began in 1977 in New York. The school is a for-profit postsecondary learning institution. SBI offers several campuses throughout the United States.
 The Santa Clara University School of Law (Santa Clara Law) is the law school of Santa Clara University a Jesuit university in Santa Clara California in the Silicon Valley region. The School of Law was founded in 1911. The Jesuit affiliation of the university is manifested in a concern with ethics social justice and community service.Santa Clara Law offers the Juris Doctor (J.D.) law degree.
 The Stella Elkins Tyler School of Art also known as Tyler School of Art is an art school at Temple University. The school was originally founded by sculptors Stella Elkins Tyler (of the Elkins/Widener family) and Boris Blai on a separate 14-acre estate in Elkins Park. In 2009 Tyler opened the doors to a new state of the art facility located on Temple's Main Campus.
 Brentwood County High School Sixth Form is a post-16 education centre in Brentwood Essex. The centre currently educates more than 300 students from North East London and South West Essex.The centre operates for internal students of Brentwood County High School and few external candidates between the ages of 16-19 provided they meet the entry requirements set by the centre. Most students will follow A-level courses with some students working towards other Level 3 qualifications such as the BTEC.
 Northrop High School is a Fort Wayne Community Schools high school situated in the northern suburbs of Fort Wayne Allen County Indiana.
 Crestview High School is a public high school near Columbiana Ohio. It is the only high school in the Crestview Local School District.
 Baghdad Pharmacy College is a private Iraqi university was established by the Iraqi Pharmacists Syndicate in accordance to the law & regulations of Ministry of Higher Education and scientific research (MOHE) governing the establishment and administration of private universities and colleges.
 New Prince Matriculation Higher Secondary School (NPMHSS) is a private school in the southern suburbs of Chennai Tamil Nadu India. The school is recognized by the State Government of Tamil Nadu and is affiliated to the Matriculation System of Tamil Nadu up to Standard 10 and the Tamil Nadu State Board for Standards 11 and 12. the current Principal and Correspondent NPMHSS is well known for achieving state ranks in Standard 10 and 12 public examinations consistently.
 Father Bressani Catholic High School is a high school in Woodbridge Ontario Canada operated by the York Catholic District School Board. It offers the Advanced Placement Program.
 Yogananda Institute of Technology and Science (YITS) is located in Tirupati Andhra Pradesh India. YITS was established by the Yogananda Educational Society(YES) and is located at a distance of 10 km from Tirupati 3 km from Tirupati Airport on the 205 Chennai-Tirupati-Bangalore National Highway and 2 km from Renigunta Railway Junction. The Society established the engineering college to impart education to the children hailing from the backward areas of Rayalaseema region.
 Abraham Lincoln High School is a public high school located in Council Bluffs Iowa.
 North Clarion County School District is located in Clarion County Pennsylvania. It consists of the North Clarion County Elementary School with pre-kindergarten through grade 6 and the North Clarion County Junior/Senior High School serving students in grades 7 through 12.
 The University of Craiova (Universitatea din Craiova in Romanian) is a university located in Craiova Romania. The university comprises 17 faculties and two colleges offering Undergraduate Master Doctoral and Teaching degrees. It is ranked as the 10th best university in Romania.
 Augustana University College was a Lutheran college in Camrose Alberta Canada from 1910 until its 2004 merger with the University of Alberta. It was established by Norwegian settlers. Now known as the Augustana Faculty of the University of Alberta it began its operations in 1910 under the name Camrose Lutheran College.
 The University of Exeter is a public research university located in South West England United Kingdom. The university was founded and received its Royal Charter in 1955 although its predecessor institutions the Royal Albert Memorial College and the University College of the South West of England were established in 1900 and 1922 respectively. In post-nominals the University of Exeter is abbreviated as Exon.
 Master of Science in Management abbreviated MSc MIM or MSM is a Master of Science academic degree that is common throughout Europe and increasingly also in North America and Asia. In terms of content it is similar to the MBA degree as it contains general management courses.
 Arcadia High School is a public high school in Oak Hall Accomack County Virginia. It is one of two mainland high schools in the Accomack County School District. It serves students in the northern half of the county. The school mascot is the Firebird.
 Coleg Gorseinon College was a further education college situated to the west of Swansea in the suburb of Upper Loughor in Gorseinon. It was ranked as one of the best colleges in Wales and the United Kingdom. Recently the college was rated as 'outstanding' by Her Majesty's Inspectorate for Education and Training.
 Campion Hall is one of the Permanent Private Halls of the University of Oxford in England. It is one of the smallest constituent institutions of the university consisting of under forty members. It is run by the Society of Jesus and named after St. Edmund Campion a martyr and Fellow of St John's College Oxford.
 Clackamas Middle College is a public charter school in Happy Valley Oregon United States.
 The National Institute of Technology and Evaluation (製品評価技術基盤機構 Seihin Hyōka Gijutsu Kiban Kikō) or NITE is an incorporated administrative agency (an independent administrative institution ) established by Japanese government aiming to contribute to the “safety and security of life” supported by reliable technology and information.
 The Kansas State University College of Engineering offers over 12 undergraduate majors and one undecided program as well as multiple minors and graduate programs of study. The undergraduate engineering program is ranked 75th best in the United States.
 Portora Royal School located in Enniskillen County Fermanagh Northern Ireland is one of a number of 'free schools' founded by Royal Charter in 1608 by James I.[citation needed] Originally called Enniskillen Royal School the school was established some ten years after the Royal Decree in 1618 15 miles outside Enniskillen at Ballybalfour before moving to Enniskillen in 1661.
 Lincoln High School is a public school located in Augusta Township Michigan. Lincoln High School is a comprehensive high school serving 9-12th grades. It has 1267 students and 90 faculty members. Lincoln High School has won Program Excellence Award for its technology & design education department.
 Welcome to this truly unique experience in higher education within Pakistan. The Nazeer Hussain University (NHU) is about to embark upon its learning and research mission under the guidance of an internationally recognised team of eminent professionals. Professors from several world-renowned universities in the UK have tailor-made the courses for the Faculties of Architecture and the Built Environment Business and Management Studies and Engineering Practices.
 Butler Community College is an 2-year community college located in El Dorado Kansas United States.
 Oak View Elementary School District is a public school district based in San Joaquin County California United States.
 Nixyaawii Community School is a public charter school in Pendleton Oregon United States serving the Native American population.
 Kyonggi University(경기대학교) is an accredited private higher education institution established in 1947. Kyonggi has over 17000 students in majors in undergraduate and graduate programs on two campuses Seoul and Suwon. The main campus is in Suwon which is a city located 30 miles from the capital Seoul. The Seoul campus is located in the center of Seoul.Kyonggi University has 11 colleges containing 63 programs of study and 12 graduate schools offering majors.
 The Byam Shaw School of Art often known simply as Byam Shaw was an independent art school in London England which specialised in fine art and offered foundation and degree level courses. It was founded in 1910 by John Liston Byam Shaw and Rex Vicat Cole. In 2003 it was absorbed by Central Saint Martins College of Arts and Design.
 The Piggott School is a Church of England academy secondary school in Wargrave in Berkshire England. The school has approximately 1516 pupils and around 185 teaching staff. The school specialises in Modern Languages and Humanities. It has been awarded International school status by the British Council.
 New Charter Academy is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status in Ashton-under-Lyne Greater Manchester England.The school was formed on 1 September 2008 as a result of a merger Hartshead Sports College and Stamford High School. New Charter Academy was originally based over the two former school sites but moved to a new £40 million sole campus in September 2011.
 University of Benghazi (Arabic: جامعة بنغازي‎) formerly known as the Garyounis University is a public university in Benghazi Libya.and one of the most important institutes of higher education in Libya.It is located in Benghazi the second largest city in the country. It was founded on 1955 as the University of Libya.
 The Centre for Clinical Legal Education is an institute of Palacký University Faculty of Law which focuses on practical ways of teaching prospective lawyers.
 The Echols County School District is a public school district in Echols County Georgia USA based in Statenville Georgia. It serves the communities of Fruitland and Statenville Georgia.
 The Mennonite Brethren Collegiate Institute (MBCI) is an independent middle and high school located in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. It was founded in 1945. It has approximately 580 students from Grade 6 to Grade 12.
 The Escola Brasileira de Administração Pública e de Empresas (EBAPE Brazilian School of Public and Business Administration) is a Brazilian private higher education institution founded in April 1952 and linked to the Fundação Getúlio Vargas. The School also works as a research institution.
 Southwest Institute of Healing Arts (SWIHA) is a private college and community-healing center for Holistic Healthcare careers and continuing education located in Tempe Arizona. SWIHA is nationally accredited by the Accrediting Council for Continuing Education & Training and licensed by the State of Arizona.
 Princeton Theological Seminary (PTS) is a seminary in Princeton New Jersey and the largest of ten seminaries associated with the Presbyterian Church (USA). It is the second-oldest seminary in the United States founded in 1812 under the auspices of Princeton University (formally College of New Jersey) Reverend Dr.
 Dera Natung Government College Itanagar is the second institute of higher education in Arunachal Pradesh India. It was established in 1979 and later affiliated to Rajiv Gandhi University.
 The University of Trieste (Italian Università degli Studi di Trieste UNITS) is a medium-sized university in Trieste in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of Italy. The university consists of 12 faculties boasts a wide and almost complete range of university courses and currently has about 23000 students enrolled and 1000 professors.
 Campbelton Middle School is an English middle school with French Immersion located in Campbellton New Brunswick Canada.
 Prosser Career Academy is a public vocational high school located in the Belmont Cragin neighborhood of Chicago Illinois. It was opened in September 1959 for males only adding females decades later. Prior to the summer of 1998 the school's name was Prosser Vocational High School. The school is named for Charles Allen Prosser an educator who pioneered vocational education.During their first year students enroll in the Freshman Academy which eases the transition into high school.
 Columbus State Community College (CSCC) is a community college first established in Columbus Ohio as Columbus Area Technician's School in 1963 and was renamed Columbus Technical Institute in 1965 and was renamed again to its current name in 1987. The college has grown from an initial enrollment of 67 students in 1963 to its current enrollment of about 26000 students over two campuses nine regional learning centers and online courses.
 The Trion City School District is a public school system located in Trion Georgia. In February 1990 it fell victim to a devastating flood. This was considered the worst disaster Trion has experienced. In 1996 the Pre-K Elementary and High schools were combined and relocated to 919 Allgood Street Trion Georgia. It serves students from Pre-K through twelfth grades. The school system accepts students living in Trion and surrounding counties.
 The University of Washington Michael G. Foster School of Business is the business school at the University of Washington Seattle. It was founded in 1917. The school has more than 50000 alumni and is accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business. The school offers bachelor's master's and doctoral degrees.
 The International Mycological Institute was a non-profit organization based in England that undertook research and disseminated information on fungi particularly plant pathogenic species causing crop diseases. It was established as the Imperial Bureau of Mycology at Kew in 1920 and amalgamated with CAB International in 1998.
 Putney High School is an independent all-girls school in Putney London. It is run by the Girls' Day School Trust a union of 26 schools with 19500 students and 3500 staff.
 The University of Le Havre (Université du Havre) is a French university in the Academy of Rouen.
 Northwest Arkansas Community College (NWACC) is a public two-year college located in Bentonville in northwestern Arkansas.
 Welland Centennial Secondary School (WCSS) is a public high school located in Welland Ontario Canada. It was founded in 1967 and offers Secondary School education for grades nine to twelve (and twelve-B) as well as the extended French certificate program. The school mascot is the Cougar and the school colours are Blue Orange and White (What's your favourite colour baby?) .
 Chaffey College is a public community college in the San Bernardino County city of Rancho Cucamonga California United States in the northern part of the community of Alta Loma.
 Addison Community Schools is a Class D-sized K-12 educational facility in northwest Lenawee County Michigan.
 Cecilia High School (CHS) is a 4A public secondary school located in Cecilia an unincorporated community in Saint Martin Parish Louisiana United States.Cecilia High School is accredited by the Department of Education of the State of Louisiana and the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.Founded in 1922 Cecilia High School is one of three public high schools administered by the Saint Martin Parish School District.Cecilia High School primarily serves students of northern upper Saint Martin Parish including the communities of Arnaudville Cecilia and Henderson. 
 Post University is a small university located in Waterbury Connecticut. Post University was established in 1890. Prior to May 1990 it was known as Post College. It was affiliated with Teikyo University in Tokyo Japan from 1990 to 2004 and during that time it was named Teikyo Post University. The university offers day evening and online courses and has three satellite centers in Meriden Danbury and Wallingford.
 The Alabama School of Mathematics and Science (ASMS) is a public residential high school in the Midtown neighborhood of Mobile Alabama. ASMS is a member of the National Consortium for Specialized Secondary Schools of Mathematics Science and Technology. It graduated its first class in 1993.The school was founded in 1989 as a unique public-private partnership.
 Pontificio Collegio Filippino (English: Pontifical Filipino College; Filipino: Dalubhasaang Pilipinong Pontipikal) officially Pontificio Collegio Seminario de Nuestra Señora de la Paz y Buen Viaje (English: Pontifical College Seminary of Our Lady of Peace and Good Voyage) is the college of Filipino diocesan priests studying at pontifical universities in Rome Italy.
 The Pima Medical Institute (PMI) was established in 1972 in Tucson Arizona and is a medical career college that trains students for careers as allied health care professionals. PMI is the largest independently owned private allied health school in the U.S. and is nationally accredited by the Accrediting Bureau of Health Education Schools (ABHES).
 Fuji Women's Academy (藤女子中学校・高等学校)[citation needed] is a girls' school in Sapporo Hokkaido Japan. It consists of a senior high school and junior high school.
 Dowdales School which was founded 1928 is a community comprehensive school in Dalton-in-Furness Cumbria for both boys and girls in the age range 11-16. There are approximately 1000 pupils on roll.The school was originally based on the former Ashburner Mansion which is still a part of the school.
 The HLFS (Höhere land- und forstwirtschaftliche Schule) Urspung school is one of a select few agricultural schools found in Austria and the flagship agricultural school for all western Austrian states. The school is located in the town of Elixhausen within the Austrian state of Salzburg.
 Olathe North High School is a fully accredited public high school located in Olathe Kansas USA serving students in grades 9-12. The school is one of four public high schools in the Olathe School District. The school colors are red and royal blue and the mascot is the Eagle.Olathe North is a member of the Kansas State High School Activities Association and offers a variety of sports programs. Athletic teams compete in the 6A division and are known as the Eagles.
 Claverack College also known as Washington Seminary and Hudson River Institute was a coeducational boarding school in Claverack New York United States. It was in operation from 1779 until 1902.
 Jyothi Nilayam is a school located in St Andrews Thiruvananthapuram Kerala India. Offering classes from Kindergarten to the 12th it has been serving the middle class community in the area for more than 30 years.
 Colegio Nehuén (English: Nehuén School) is a Chilean high school located in San Vicente de Tagua Tagua Cachapoal Province Chile.
 The Corsham School is an Arts College and large secondary school and academy in Corsham Wiltshire England. It has 1417 students enrolled with over 200 in the sixth form facility.
 Fullhurst Community College is an over - subscribed 11-16 comprehensive in Braunstone West Leicester. In October 2012 Ofsted graded the school ‘Good’ which reflected the improvements the school has made and the record summer examinations results over the last 3 years.
 Colegio El Real (English: El Real School) is a Chilean high school located in San Fernando Colchagua Province Chile.
 Admas University College–Hargeisa is a tertiary institution in Hargeisa the administrative capital of the autonomous Somaliland region in northwestern Somalia. A branch of the Addis Ababa-based Admas University College it was established in 2006. The university also has an additional branch in Garowe the administrative capital of the autonomous Puntland region in northeastern Somalia.
 Immaculate Heart of Mary College is a Catholic school established in June 1949 and is administered by the Daughters of Charity of St. Vincent de Paul and St. Louise de Marillac. The school offers Preschool Primary and Secondary Education open for boys and girls (CoEd). It is located at 54 Aurora Boulevard Quezon City Philippines.
 The Winston School is a private coeducational day school in Dallas Texas. The grade 1-12 school is for children who must learn using non-traditional techniques. Established in 1975 the school is named after Sir Winston Churchill and offers individualized curricula for students with learning differences.
 Sinclair Community College is an urban community college located in downtown Dayton Ohio and is the largest community college at a single location in the state of Ohio.Sinclair had an enrollment of 25345 students in 2009 making the main campus one of the largest (by enrollment) community college campuses in North America.Because of special funding set up by the taxpayers of Montgomery County the tuition of the college is the lowest in Ohio for residents of that county; the tuition necessary to complete an associate degree program can cost less than a single quarter’s tuition at other colleges.Sinclair Community College was featured in a 2009 issue of The New York Times. 
 Liceo de Paredones (English: Paredones High School) is a Chilean high school located in Paredones Cardenal Caro Province Chile.
 Xinjiang Medical University (XMU) (Chinese: 新疆医科大学; pinyin: Xīnjiāng Yīkē Dàxué; Uyghur: شىنجاڭ تىببىي ئۇنىۋېرسىتېت‎ ULY: Shinjang Tibbiy Universitet) formerly the Xinjiang Medical College is a medical university in Ürümqi the capital of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.
 Dulwich Preparatory School is a co-educational preparatory school for children aged 3 to 13 years. It is situated in 50 acres of Wealden countryside in the heart of Kent. The school has 537 pupils and is divided into three sections: Upper School (9-13 year olds) Little Stream (5-9 year olds) and Nash House (3-5 year olds).Since September 2010 the Headmaster has been Paul David B.Ed (Hons).
 Georgia Tech Savannah is a satellite campus of the Atlanta-based Georgia Institute of Technology. It is located in Savannah Georgia near Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport.
 Zhejiang University (ZJU also known as Chekiang University; simplified Chinese: 浙江大学; traditional Chinese: 浙江大學; pinyin: Zhèjiāng Dàxué; Wade–Giles: Che-chiang-ta-hsüeh) sometimes referred to as Zheda is a national university in China. Founded in 1897 Zhejiang University is one of China's oldest institutions of higher education.
 Mogilev State A.Kuleshov University is a large regional educational and scientific centre situated in Mogilev city Belarus.
 The Association of Theologically Trained Women of India (ATTWI) is an association of Indian women theologians which was constituted in 1979 in Chennai.It is an ecumenical organisation with more than 500 members.
 Holmfirth High School is a school on Heys Road in Thongsbridge Holmfirth West Yorkshire England.Holmfirth High School has over 1300 pupils split over 5 year groups from Years 7 to 11. The current headmaster (2013) is Andy Willaims
 St Mark's Catholic School is a coeducational Roman Catholic secondary school and sixth form with academy status situated in Hounslow West London England.
 Chiswick School is a secondary school with academy status located in Chiswick in the West London borough of Hounslow England in 2004 it had 1239 students including 208 Sixth Formers.
 Jayawantrao Sawant College of Engineering (JSCOE) is approved by the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) New Delhi and Govt. Of Maharashtra affiliated to Pune University. It was established by JSPM on the second campus at handewadi road Hadapsar.
 Palos Verdes Peninsula High School (also known as Peninsula High Pen High or PVPHS) is one of three public high schools on the Palos Verdes Peninsula in Los Angeles County California USA (the others being Palos Verdes High School and Rancho Del Mar High School).
 Jesuit High School is an all-male college-preparatory Catholic high school in New Orleans Louisiana. The school was founded in 1847 by the Society of Jesus (the Jesuits). It is centrally located in a New Orleans neighborhood known as Mid-City.
 Carwatha College P-12 is a state co-educational school located in Noble Park North Victoria Australia. Alumni include Glenn Archer and Academy award winner Adam Elliot.
 Southlands College also known as Southlands Girls is a Girls' school located in Galle southern capital of Sri Lanka. Southlands College is situated within the historical Galle fort.Southlands College is the premier Girls school in Southern Sri Lanka. It was started during the British rule in 1885. Miss. Lucy Vanderstraaten was the first Principal. The school began in two larger down-stair rooms in a house in Fort with a group of some 50 children.
 Canton High School is a public high school located in Canton Texas (USA). It is part of the Canton Independent School District located in central Van Zandt County and classified as a 3A school by the UIL. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 The Campion School is a Roman Catholic boys' secondary school and coeducational sixth form located in the Hornchurch area of the London Borough of Havering England. The school converted to academy status in August 2011 and has a specialism in science.
 The University of Computer Studies Yangon (UCSY) (Burmese: ရန်ကုန်ကွန်ပျူတာတက္ကသိုလ် [jàɴɡòʊɴ kʊ̀ɴpjùtà tɛʔkəθò]) located in the outskirts of Yangon is the leading IT and computer science university of Myanmar. The university administered by the Ministry of Science and Technology offers undergraduate and graduate degree programs in computer science and technology. The language of instruction at UCSY is English.
 Abraham Lincoln High School is a high school in the San Jose Unified School District. It is a magnet school for Academic Visual and Performing Arts. The current principal is Matt Hewitson.The school mascot is a Lion. The school colors are blue and gold. Lincoln High offers cross country water polo tennis volleyball basketball wrestling football baseball softball soccer golf badminton track and field and swimming. Football receives special attention during the Big Bone Game.
 Abbotsford Virtual School (abbreviated as AVS) is a Distributed Learning school located in Abbotsford British Columbia that provides collaborative educational programs for Kindergarten to Grade 12 students and any BC resident wanting to complete courses to graduate. All adults can take some courses at AVS for free and courses can lead to an adult graduation. Abbotsford Virtual School offers online courses as well as any pace any place paper-based courses.
 The Polytechnic University of the Philippines College of Law abbreviated as CL is the law school of the Polytechnic University of the Philippines located in Manila Philippines that was established in 2001. It ranks as one of the top law schools in the country in terms of percentile passing rate in the bar examination.
 Cardinal Dougherty High School (CDHS) was a private Roman Catholic high school in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Philadelphia and founded as a co-institutional school. In 1983 CDHS became co-educational - with boys and girls being educated together in the same classrooms.Archbishop O'Hara purchased the grounds upon which Cardinal Dougherty High School was situated from Charles Henry Fisher in 1940.
 The Universidad Externado de Colombia (Externado University of Colombia) is a private university in Bogotá Colombia. It is considered a highly prestigious institution nationally and has been known for producing graduates which include high-profile lawyers academics judges financiers as well as senior government officials and politicians. The institution grants 4 and 5 year primary (Licenciados) and professional degrees as well as advanced two-year Magister degrees.
 The Faculty of Sport and Tourism (Serbian: Факултет за Спорт и Туризам Fakultet za sport i turizam TIMS) is a state-accredited private institution of high education located in Novi Sad Serbia. The Faculty was founded in 2004 and consists of two departments - Sport and Tourism.Since its founding the Faculty has educated 209 bachelors 36 magisters and masters as well as 10 doctors.
 Azerbaijan State Oil Academy (ASOA) (Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Dövlət Neft Akademiyası (ADNA)) is an institution in Baku Azerbaijan.
 The International University (IU) Vienna was an unaccredited private university located in Vienna Austria with a subsidiary in Kiev Ukraine. According to IU it was chartered in 1980 by the U.S. state of Alabama as a private degree-granting postsecondary institution. The Vienna operation was founded in 1981 as European Christian College. Beginning in 2001 IU was nationally accredited until 2003 when IU's university accreditation was withdrawn by the Austrian Accreditation Council.
 The Bellwood-Antis School District is a small rural public school district located in Blair County Pennsylvania. It serves the Borough of Bellwood and Antis Township. Bellwood-Antis School District encompasses approximately 63 square miles (160 km2). According to 2000 federal census data it serves a resident population of 8435. In school year 2007-08 the Bellwood-Antis School District provided basic educational services to 1358 pupils.
 Rushmore Avenue Elementary School is a four-year comprehensive elementary school located in the hamlet of Carle Place in Nassau County New York. The 6th grade runs a middle school like process for getting around classes.
 Not to be confused with Cambodia Adventist School in Phnom PenhCambodia Adventist School – Kantrok is a K-9 co-educational Christian school located in Siem Reap Cambodia. Unlike Cambodia Adventist School located in Phnom Penh it is registered as a Cambodia Adventist Mission rural school but is operated by Salt Ministries.The school is operated and funded by SALT Ministries. The school charges a nominal fee between USD 5 to 20 per student per year but many families are too poor to pay this.
 Taipei Medical University (TMU; Chinese: 臺北醫學大學; pinyin: Táiběi Yīxué Dàxué) in Taiwanis located in Taipei's Xinyi District. Founded as Taipei Medical College in 1960 it was renamed as Taipei Medical University in 2000.The campus is located at Wuxing Street right behind Taipei Medical University Hospital. The school buildings have classrooms and research labs. There is a gymnasium conference rooms sports fields and swimming pool.
 The Emanuel County School District is a public school district in Emanuel County Georgia USA based in Swainsboro Georgia. It serves the communities of Adrian Garfield Nunez Oak Park Stillmore Summertown Swainsboro and Twin City Georgia.
 The University of Florida College of Agricultural and Life Sciences (CALS) founded in 1964 is a college of the University of Florida.The programs offered specialize in agriculture natural resources and life sciences.[1] CALS has two schools with it:the School of Forest Resources and Conservation (forestry and conservation) and the School of Natural Resources and Environment (natural resources and environmental science).[2]CALS administers the degree programs of the University of Florida's Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences (UF/IFAS). 
 Chesapeake Bay Academy (founded in 1989) in Virginia Beach Virginia is an independent coeducational day school.It is the only K-12 school in southeastern Virginia licensed by the Commonwealth of Virginia and accredited by the Virginia Association of Independent Schools for students with specific learning disabilities (SLD) and Other Health Impairments (OHI).In late October 1989 sixty parents were notified that the school their children attended was going to close.
 Bow Valley College is a public college with its main campus located in Downtown Calgary Alberta Canada. The enabling legislation is the Post-secondary Learning Act The branch campuses are: Airdrie Banff Blairmore Brooks Canmore Cardston Claresholm Cochrane Drumheller Eden Valley High River Lethbridge Medicine Hat Morley Pincher Creek Red Deer Three Hills and Stettler. Bow Valley College is a member of the Alberta Rural Development Network.
 St. Francis of Assisi Catholic School is a private school located in the hills of Yorba Linda California. The school was founded in September 1998 and provides a Catholic education for pre-school through eighth grade students. The school is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges.Enrollment currently consists of 474 students from 320 families within the community.
 The British Co-Ed High School is a Private School in Patiala Punjab India. It is affiliated to the ICSE (Indian Certificate of Secondary Education) board of education. It is a day school founded in 2002 by Mrs. Rosa Alicia Kucharskyj. She is also currently the Principal of this school. It is located on the Devigarh Road approximately 8 km away from the main city.
 Milwaukie High School is a public high school located in Milwaukie Oregon United States. It is one of three high schools within the North Clackamas School District. The school mascot is the mustang and its school colors are maroon and gold.
 Crossroads College (formerly Minnesota Bible College) is a four year coeducational Christian college in Rochester Minnesota which is nationally accredited by the Association for Biblical Higher Education. Crossroads is nondenominational and draws students from a variety of Christian denominations. Its strongest support comes from Christian churches and churches of Christ.
 Changsha WES Academy is an international kindergarten and elementary school located in Changsha Hunan Province People's Republic of China. Changsha WES Academy (CWA) is the first English-speaking international school located in the vicinity of Changsha City. CWA was established by the Changsha Economic and Technical Development Zone Administrative Council (CETZAC) in co-operation with China-Singapore SIP International Education Services Co. Ltd.
 Whitmer High School is a public high school in Toledo Ohio USA named for John Wallace Whitmer an educator who helped organize high school classes for the area. It is the only high school in the Washington Local School District in Lucas County Ohio serving the northwest section of Toledo up to the Michigan state line. It is the largest high school in the Toledo area.
 Béla III High School (III. Béla Gimnázium) was founded in 1757. It is in Baja Hungary.
 Huntingdon College founded in 1854 is a coeducational liberal arts college affiliated with the United Methodist Church in Montgomery Alabama United States.
 Cameron University is a four-year state-funded university located in Lawton Oklahoma that offers more than 50 degrees through two-year four-year and graduate programs. The degree programs emphasize the liberal arts science and technology and graduate and professional studies. Cameron is the only Oklahoma university which offers associate bachelor's and master’s degree programs at one site.[citation needed]
 Dalriada School is a mixed voluntary grammar school in Ballymoney Northern Ireland. The school draws its pupils from a wide geographical area and a range of social religious and cultural backgrounds. In 2008 the school won the Northern Ireland State Secondary School of the Year award from The Sunday Times.
 The Coleshill School is a school with academy status in Coleshill Warwickshire England founded in 1520.
 Old Hall School was a comprehensive school located in Kimberworth Rotherham South Yorkshire England. It merged with Kimberworth Comprehensive School to form Winterhill School in September 2004.
 Oregon State University (OSU) is a flagship university of the Oregon University system. A Coeducational public research university located in Corvallis Oregon United States. The university offers undergraduate graduate doctoral degrees and a multitude of research opportunities. There are more than 200 academic degree programs offered through the university.
 Flagler College is a private four-year liberal arts college in St. Augustine Florida United States. It celebrated its 40th anniversary in 2008.The college has been named in recent years by US News & World Report as one of the southeast region's best comprehensive liberal arts colleges and is included on its list of America's Best Colleges.
 The City School Stradbroke Road Sheffield South Yorkshire England was formerly known as City Grammar School (which operated from 1964 to 1969 at the present site and before that at premises in the city centre). The school was a specialist Business and Enterprise College.In its Ofsted report of September 2012 The City School was described as a larger than average community comprehensive school situated on the outskirts of Sheffield.
 The Hertie School of Governance is a German private university in Berlin's area of Quartier 110 of Friedrichstraße. Half of the students in the Hertie School come from abroad and the working language is English. In recent years the Hertie School has established itself as one of Europe's elite graduate institutions.Predominantly Hertie's students have backgrounds in law economics political science and international relations.
 The National University - Sudan is an educational institution based in the city of Khartoum Sudan.As of September 2011 the university was a member in good standing of the Association of African Universities.
 The National Wind Institute (NWI) at Texas Tech University (TTU) was established in December 2012 and is intended to serve as Texas Tech University’s intellectual hub for interdisciplinary and transdisciplinary research commercialization and education related to wind science wind energy wind engineering and wind hazard mitigation and serves faculty affiliates students and external partners.
 For schools with a similar name see Harrison High School.Harrison Central High School is a 6A public high school located in Lyman Mississippi (USA). It currently has a student body of 1622 students and 144 faculty.
 University High School was co-founded by Jacob White Ahmed Krgo Sam Emerson and Adil Hamadto in 1925 located in Morgantown West Virginia that houses just over 1250 students. Students largely come from the 2 feeder schools Mountaineer Middle School (Formerly Cheat Lake Middle School) and Westwood Middle School.
 Karatina University is a public university in the town of Karatina in central Kenya.
 The Our Lady of the Holy Rosary School (OLHRS) also known as Holy Rosary - La Salle is a De La Salle-supervised school offering preschool elementary and high school education.OLHRS started operations in 1993 with only 2 rooms. To be able to continuously nourish the minds of the children in Tanza Cavite school head Maxima Hernandez obtained a loan from Bangko Mabuhay to put up a two-story building for its elementary classes in Deborahville Brgy. Amaya I.
 Kinsale Community School is based in the town of Kinsale Co. Cork Ireland. It caters for 770 students aged 12–18 with over 50 staff and the principal is currently Mr. Fergal McCarthy.The school has a short but rich history becoming a leader in academics sports entrepreneurship and community work.
 The Arab Academy for Science Technology & Maritime Transport (Arabic: الأكاديمية العربية للعلوم والتكنولوجيا والنقل البحري‎) is a regional university operated by the Arab League which is known for its programs in Marine Transportation Business and Engineering.[citation needed]
 Kyiv National Linguistic University (Ukrainian: Київський національний лінгвістичний університет) is a higher education institution in Kiev Ukraine. It was founded in 1948 as Kiev State Pedagogical Institute of Foreign Languages. It has the status of autonomous institutions. In common parlance it's called In'Yaz (Russian: ИнЯз) which means foreign languages.Post addresse: Ukraine Kiev vul. Chervonoarmiyska 73
 Manurewa High School is one of the larger Secondary Schools in New Zealand with an enrolment reaching 2200 students.Manurewa High School is a multi-cultural school. It has Pacific 42% Māori 25% Asian 19% New Zealand European/Pākehā 12% Other ethnicity 2%.
 Halmstad University or Halmstad University College (Swedish: Högskolan i Halmstad) (HH) is a University college (Swedish: högskola) in Halmstad Sweden. It was established in 1983. Halmstad University is a public higher education institution offering bachelor's and master's programs in various fields of studies. In addition it conducts Ph.D. programs in three fields of research namely Information Technology Innovation Science and Health Science.
 Weledeh Catholic School is an elementary/middle school in Yellowknife Northwest Territories Canada operated by the Yellowknife Catholic School Board. The first Catholic School was opened in Yellowknife in 1953 and has since expanded into more modern buildings with Weledeh School completed in 2001 as an addition to St. Patrick High School.In addition to English Weledeh offers a class in traditional Dene culture including the Dogrib language.
 Washington County School District is a school district headquartered in St. George Utah with 26184 students enrolled as of February 2011. The district serves students in Washington County Utah.Washington County School District administrative office building located at 121 West Tabernacle St.
 Lincoln Pius X High School is the central Catholic high school in Lincoln Nebraska and the Diocese of Lincoln. Pius X is the largest Catholic high school in the state of Nebraska with an enrollment of 1060 young men and women. The school was founded October 1 1956 by Bishop Louis B. Kucera.As of 2010 its current Superintendent is Father James Meysenburg.
 Dundas District Public School was a middle school originally a high school built in 1928 located in Dundas now part of the City of Hamilton Ontario. It is part of the Hamilton-Wentworth District School Board. It is currently closed and will not re-open.
 Charleston High School is a public high school in Charleston Illinois United States. It is among the few public high schools in Illinois to receive a distinguished GreatSchools Rating of 8 out of 10. Charleston High School serves grades 9-12 in the Charleston Cusd 1 district. The AP® participation rate at Charleston High School is 12 percent. The student body makeup is 51 percent male and 49 percent female and the total minority enrollment is 6 percent.
 Kaimuki High School is a WASC-accredited four-year public high school located in Honolulu Hawaiʻi. Kaimuki High School falls under the jurisdiction of the Hawaii Department of Education. It is bordered by the Manoa-Palolo Drainage Canal Kapiolani Boulevard Kaimuki Avenue Crane Park and Date Street. It is quite literally as its alma mater states in view of Diamond Head. The campus boasts the sculpture Pueo (owl) by Charles W. Watson.
 Whitefriars College is a Roman Catholic Independent school for boys located in the Melbourne suburb of Donvale. Established in 1961 the College reflects the tradition of the Carmelites and is recognised for its uniform's brown blazer with the College Crest appearing on the breast pocket. The school has been a member of the Associated Catholic Colleges since 1999.
 Greenville Christian School is a non-denominational Christian private school located in Greenville Mississippi. Greenville Christian offers Preschool Elementary Middle Secondary and College Preparatory education to residents of Greenville and the surrounding areas. The school is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and the Mississippi Association of Independent Schools.
 Cebu City National Science High School commonly known as Sci-Hi is one of the pioneering science schools in Cebu City Philippines.
 Pinckney High School or Pinckney Community High School (PCHS) is a high school located in Pinckney Michigan. The current high school building is at 10255 Dexter-Pinckney Road in Pinckney.
 Franciscan University of Steubenville is a Catholic institution located in Steubenville Ohio 37.4 miles (60.2 km) west of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The school (originally named the College of Steubenville was founded in 1946 by the Franciscan Friars of the Third Order Regular. In 1974 Fr. Michael Scanlan T.O.R. became President and began a series of major reforms to restore the school to its Catholic heritage.
 University College South Denmark (Danish: University College Syddanmark) is one of eight new regional organizations of different study sites in Denmark (Danish: professionshøjskoler) offering bachelor courses in various disciplines in the southern part of Denmark. It is founded in 2011 by merger of University College Southand West Jutland University College.University College of South Denmark consists of five higher education and five centers.
 Texas A&M University–Kingsville is a public research university located in Kingsville Texas and is one of the campuses comprising the Texas A&M University System. The university has programs in engineering agriculture wildlife music and the sciences and developed the nation's first doctoral degree in bilingual education.Texas A&M University–Kingsville is the oldest continuously operating public institution of higher learning in South Texas.
 Dubai Men’s College (DMC) one of the first Higher Colleges of Technology (HCT) is a government-funded higher education institution located in Academic City Dubai in the United Arab Emirates.DMC provides Bachelor and Associate degrees in applied communications business and financial services electrical and civil engineering technology health sciences and information technology. English is the medium of instruction.
 Challney High School for Boys is located in Luton Bedfordshire England. The school has approximately 803 students between the ages of 11 and 16 and in 2006 was awarded Specialist College Status with an emphasis on Science and Mathematics.In 2007 Ofsted judged Challney High School for Boys to be “Outstanding” with the same judgement of its English department in 2008.
 Harrisburg Christian School is a private coeducational Christian elementary middle school and high school located on the north side of the greater Harrisburg Pennsylvania area in the village of Linglestown Pennsylvania. The school was founded in 1955 by parents who believed responsibility for the educational instruction of their children according to Scripture was theirs not the states.
 Astronaut High School is located in Brevard County in the city of Titusville Florida USA. It is part of the Brevard County School District. The school name comes from its location near the Kennedy Space Center. The school was built in 1972. Enrollment is approximately 1299 students.
 Cook High School is a public high school located in Adel Georgia USA. The school is part of the Cook County School District which serves Cook County Georgia.
 S. R. Butler High School is a four-year public high school that serves students in grades 9-12 from Huntsville in Madison County Alabama in the United States as a part of Huntsville City Schools.
 Apple Valley Unified School District is a school district in San Bernardino County CA United States
 Parkland Magnet High School is a high school in Winston-Salem North Carolina that offers an International Baccalaureate program and describes itself as a Center for the Cultural Arts.The school's campus is located on the south side of Winston-Salem and is easily accessible from Interstate 40 US Highway 52 and Peters Creek Parkway. The principal Dr.
 Chino Hills High School abbreviated CHHS is located in Chino Hills California and is one of the four regular high schools in the Chino Valley Unified School District. The school was established in 2001.CHHS is a comprehensive school serving a very economically and socially diverse student body from three cities in the Chino Valley. The school has shifted its focus toward smaller learning communities as its size continues to grow.
 Burwood Primary School is a public co-educational primary school in Christchurch New Zealand. It is situated on the Avon river in Burwood/Shirley area.
 Goroke P-12 College is a public school in Goroke Victoria Australia.
 Established in 1961 European University Cyprus (Greek: Ευρωπαϊκό Πανεπιστήμιο Κύπρου) is a for-profit educational institution. First established as Cyprus College EUC was granted university status in 2007. It is the first university in Cyprus and Greece to be awarded the European Credit Transfer and Accumulation System (ECTS) Label by the European Commission and is one of only 40 institutions in Europe to have earned this distinction.
 Y Pant School (Welsh: Ysgol Y Pant) is an English medium 11–18 mixed comprehensive school in the village of Pontyclun near Llantrisant maintained by the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf serving the areas of Pontyclun Talbot Green Llantrisant and Llanharry in Wales.Since the original school being built there have been two main buildings added the sports hall and the new block built in 2006.
 The University of Bari Aldo Moro (Italian: Università degli Studi di Bari Aldo Moro) is a higher education institution in Bari Italy.The University of Bari was founded in 1925. It is a state-supported university which is divided into 12 faculties. Each faculty has its own set of departments that focus on the arts sciences mathematics social sciences literature medicine law and education.The university offers various courses for undergraduate graduate and post-graduate students.
 St. George's Roman Catholic High School is a Voluntary-Aided Catholic School located in the Walkden Greater Manchester. Established in the late 1960s it is operated by the Governing Body and the Diocese of Salford with funding and services provided by Salford City Council.
 Cedar Ridge Middle School is a middle school located in Decatur Alabama in the Decatur City Schools school system. It has approximately 700 students enrolled and teaches grades 6 through 8. The schools mascot once the Cubs is now the Black Bears. This change was instituted in order to match Austin High School.It is one of three middle schools in the city the others being Brookhaven Middle School and Oak Park Middle School.
 Queen Elizabeth Elementary School in Vancouver British Columbia is an elementary school. The school opened in 1940 and is named after Queen Elizabeth who visited Canada in 1939 with her husband King George VI.It is located at 4102 West 16th Avenue at the edge of the city limits and immediately adjacent to the University Endowment Lands.
 The Indiana Academy for Science Mathematics and Humanities (also The Indiana Academy or simply The Academy) is a residential school located on the campus of Ball State University in Muncie Indiana although it operates as a separate entity. It is a member of the National Consortium for Specialized Secondary Schools of Mathematics Science and Technology.The school's student body consists of approximately 300 students selected from gifted and talented applicants from across Indiana.
 Delta High School is a three-year public high school in Clarksburg California and is part of the River Delta Unified School District. It is co-located in the same facility and shares a principal with Clarksburg Middle School. The combined enrollment for both schools is approximately 400 as of 2014.
 Coalinga Huron Joint Unified School District is a public school district based in Fresno County CA United States.
 Otago Boys' High School (OBHS) is one of New Zealand's oldest boys' secondary schools located in Dunedin Otago New Zealand. It was founded on 3 August 1863 and moved to its present site in 1885. The main building was designed by Robert Lawson and is regarded as one of the finest Gothic revival structures in the country.
 Linwood High School is a non-denominational comprehensive state secondary school in Linwood Renfrewshire.The original school building was constructed in 1965 and demolished in 2006 for a new school to be constructed on the same site.Originally Renfrewshire council had planned on merging Linwood High school with nearby Gryffe High School in Houston to form a 1500 pupil campus however plans were rejected after local protests by parents.
 St Clare's College is an independent Roman Catholic day school for girls located at Waverley in the Eastern Suburbs of Sydney New South Wales Australia. Established in 1884 by the Poor Clare Sisters St Clare's has a non-selective enrolment policy and currently caters for approximately 500 girls from Year 7 (12 years old) to Year 12 (18 years old).
 Elida Local Schools is a school district that serves the villages of Elida Gomer and surrounding areas in Allen County Ohio United States. The Elida School District was started in 1868. The district includes Elida High School Elida Middle School Elida Elementary School and the Elida Central Office. The present high school opened for the 2011-2012 school year. The previous high school building was erected in 1914 with additions in 1956 and 1959.
 Universidad de Zamboanga (UZ) is a private university in Zamboanga City Philippines founded on October 12 1948 by Arturo Eustaquio Sr. It was formerly known as Zamboanga A.E. Colleges until it was changed to Universidad de Zamboanga in 2005 the year it was granted university status. UZ holds 25% of all college enrolment in region 9 Western Mindanao. It has 8 campuses spread out in an area of more than 130 hectares in and outside of the city.
 Oberoi International School is an International School in Mumbai India it was opened on the 17 July 2008 and is directed by Ms. Bindu Oberoi who has directed it since the school was started. The school is fully accredited for all the programmes it offers. It has now also received the CIS accreditation. CIS
 Bradley High School (BHS) is a comprehensive public junior/senior high school located in Bradley Arkansas United States. For the 2010–11 school year BHS serves more than 175 students in grades 7 through 12 and is supported by more than 15 educators on a full time equivalent basis. Bradley High is the smaller of two public high schools in Lafayette County and draws students from Bradley Stamps Taylor and Lewisville. It is the sole high school of the Bradley School District.
 Aksaray University (Turkish: Aksaray Üniversitesi) is a public higher educational institution established on March 17 2006 in Aksaray Central Anatolia in Turkey. Formerly it was a subunit of the Niğde University.The university has four faculties two institutes two colleges and five vocational colleges. Its campus is located on the highway to Adana.
 The Frankfurt International School (FIS) is an English-language day school located in Oberursel near Frankfurt am Main Germany. Founded in 1961 it is the largest and second oldest international school in Germany[citation needed] and provides instruction to almost 1800 students from over fifty countries. FIS consists of the Primary School (First Steps to grade one) Elementary School (grades two to five) and Upper School (grades six to twelve).
 Mirabeau B. Lamar High School is a secondary school in Arlington Texas. It is named for Mirabeau B. Lamar the second president of the Republic of Texas and located at 1400 West Lamar Boulevard.The school which handles grades 9 through 12 is a part of the Arlington Independent School District. The current principal is Larry Harmon who replaced Jeff Provence in 2012 after Provence left at the end of the 2011-12 school year.
 St. Frederick Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Monroe Louisiana. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Shreveport.
 Ransom Everglades is an independent non-profit co-educational college-preparatory day school serving grades six to twelve in Coconut Grove in Miami Florida. It formed with the merger in 1974 of the Everglades School for Girls and the Ransom School for Boys. It's described as a college preparatory school and 100% of Ransom Everglades' students attend a four-year institution after graduation.Admission is competitive and tuition costs $31450 per year (2013–14). Financial aid is available.
 Crestwood College is a coeducational community secondary school located in the Boyatt Wood area of Eastleigh in the English county of Hampshire.It is administered by Hampshire County Council which coordinates the schools admissions. It has also has a specialism in Business and Enterprise.Crestwood College offers GCSEs and BTECs as programmes of study for pupils. The school coordinates with Eastleigh College and Sparsholt College to offer courses suitable for further sixth form study.
 Jesse Remington High School is a school in Candia New Hampshire that offers a classical Christian education with project-based learning. The school was founded in 1992 in the basement of Candia Congregational Church by Jeffrey Philbrick.
 Girton College is one of the 31 constituent colleges of the University of Cambridge. It was England's first residential college for women established in 1869 by Emily Davies Barbara Bodichon and Lady Stanley of Alderley. The full college status was only received in 1948 and marked the official admittance of women to the university. In 1976 it was Cambridge's first women's college to become coeducational.
 Strawberry Crest High School is a public high school in East Hillsborough County Florida. It opened on August 25 2009 with students from Armwood High School Durant High School and Plant City High School. It was built to relieve the over-population of the students in these high schools. Strawberry Crest is the 4th high school in Hillsborough County to be an International Baccalaureate high school.
 The Maison Française d’Oxford (MFO or just Maison Française locally) is a French research centre in the humanities and social sciences and a member of the Network of French Research Institutes Established Abroad (IFRE) by the French Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs and the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS).
 The Nice Sophia Antipolis University (French: Université Nice Sophia Antipolis) is a university located in Nice France and neighboring areas. It was founded in 1965 and is organized in eight faculties two autonomous institutes and an engineering school. It also hosts the very first WWW Interactive Multipurpose Server (WIMS).
 Berkeley Divinity School founded in 1854 is an official seminary of the Episcopal Church based in New Haven Connecticut. The seminary was originally founded as a middle-way between the Anglo-Catholic leaning General Theological Seminary in New York and the Evangelical-leaning Virginia Theological Seminary. Although the school began in Middletown Connecticut it moved to New Haven in 1928 to take advantage of the resources of Yale University.
 Collège André-Grasset is a pre-university college in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located near the Quebec Autoroute 40 and the Crémazie metro station.The college was founded in 1927 by the priests at St. Sulpice of Montreal and named for priest André Grasset. The school was built at the request of the Archbishop of Montreal. In 1975 the school opened a gym and a multipurpose room in 1990.Since 2003 the college has been featuring technical training courses at the Institute Grasset.
 Bundoora Secondary College is a public secondary school for girls and boys in years 7 to 12 located in a quiet and leafy[citation needed] residential block on the corner of Balmoral Avenue and Moreton Crescent in Bundoora a suburb of Melbourne Victoria Australia. The school values are Relationships Respect Responsibility Resilience and Rigour.[citation needed]
 Curtin University Sarawak is an off-shore campus of Curtin University a university based in Perth Western Australia. It provides local and international students with higher education in Sarawak Malaysia.
 Maryborough State High School (commonly abbreviated as 'MSHS') is a public high school located in Maryborough Queensland. The school is run by the Queensland State Government and is split on either side of Kent Street. The school colors are blue and brown. In 2010 MSHS had 362 Girls 392 Boys (754 Students) with 10% being indigenous The 2014 School Captains are Sophie Noble and James Tennant and the Vice Captains are Megan Kaufman and Tenielle Wilk.
 Aylesbury College is a general further education college in Aylesbury Buckinghamshire England. It educates students in a broad range of vocational fields including Creative Arts Health and Social Care Hair and Beauty Hospitality and Catering Construction Business and IT in addition to A Level and GCSE in its Sixth Form Centre.
 East Devon College (sometimes shortened to EDC) was a further education college situated in Tiverton Devon England. The college operated on four sites; the main campus being located in Tiverton with three additional sites being located in Honiton Exmouth and Tiverton. In 2005 the college enrolled 3144 learners of which 877 were full-time. Around 80% of those learners were aged between sixteen and eighteen years of age.
 An Music School (アン・ミュージック・スクール) is a private music school based in Shibuya Tokyo Japan which was founded in 1967.
 Walbottle Campus was formed in 1973 (though officially opened in 1960) by the Tyne and Wear County Council (defunct) following its creation in the same year. The school was formed by the merger of Walbottle East High School Walbottle West High School and Walbottle Grammar. These schools were formed by the Northumberland Education Committee on the Walbottle Campus site as part of an attempt to save money.
 Cocalico Senior High School is a public secondary school in Denver Pennsylvania United States whose enrollment consists of students in grades 9–12. The school is part of the Cocalico School District serving East Cocalico Township West Cocalico Township Denver and Adamstown in northern Lancaster County.
 Brentwood College School is a co-educational boarding school that focuses on preparing students for the challenges of post-secondary education. This school is located on Vancouver Island in Mill Bay British Columbia Canada.
 St John's College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge. (The full formal name of the college is The Master Fellows and Scholars of the College of St John the Evangelist in the University of Cambridge.) The college was founded by Lady Margaret Beaufort. In constitutional terms the college is an eleemosynary corporation established by Charter dated 9 April 1511.
 Maret School was founded by Marthe Maret in 1911 as a French primary school. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries three French sisters Mlles Marthe Louise and Jeanne Maret left their home in Geneva Switzerland to teach. Louise taught in Russia Jeanne in the Philippines and Marthe who became blind at age 18 in Washington D.C. By 1911 Louise and Jeanne had joined Marthe in the nation's capital. That year Maret French School was founded later to be named Maret School.
 The Navotas Polytechnic College (or commonly abbreviated as NPC) which was founded in 1994 is a public college being run by the city government of Navotas.
 Aleksandër Moisiu University or officially Aleksandër Moisiu University of Durrës (Albanian: Universiteti Aleksandër Moisiu Durrës; short: UAMD) is the newest public academic institution of the Republic of Albania. The University is located in the ancient city of Durrës and has a branch in Peshkopi. It was inaugurated in 2006 and is using the American system of education unlike the rest of the public universities in the country. More than 1300 students started classes as of October 2 2006.
 The Wisconsin Conservatory of Music is an independent music school located in Milwaukee Wisconsin. The conservatory teaches many types of music including classical jazz rock folk and blues. It also hosts many musical concerts throughout the year.
 Wilberforce College is a further education Sixth Form College in Hull England.
 Sabah Tshung Tsin Secondary School (Sekolah Menengah Tshung Tsin Sabah in Malay 沙巴崇正中学 in Chinese) is a Chinese independent high school located in Kota Kinabalu Sabah Malaysia. The principal is Hiew Hoh Shin. The school has two semesters each year. An academic year begins in January with an approximately two weeks holiday in June and ends in the beginning of November. The school is one of sixty Chinese Independent High Schools in Malaysia.
 Roberto Clemente Community Academy (commonly known as Clemente Roberto Clemente High School) is a public 4-year IB high school located in the West Town neighborhood on the near north side of Chicago Illinois United States. It is operated by Chicago Public Schools. The school is named for Puerto Rican baseball player Roberto Clemente.
 Nashotah House is an Anglo-Catholic seminary in Nashotah Wisconsin approximately 30 miles (50 km) from Milwaukee situated within the Episcopal Diocese of Milwaukee. The seminary opened its doors in 1842 and received its official charter in 1847. The institution is generally regarded as one of the more theologically conservative seminaries in the Episcopal Church. It is also officially recognized by the Anglican Church in North America.
 Robert Lindblom Math & Science Academy High School (LMSA) (simply known as Lindblom) is a public 4-year selective enrollment high school located in the West Englewood neighborhood on the south side of Chicago Illinois. It's operated by the Chicago Public School system. The school originally constructed in 1919 and named Lindblom Technical High School is named for Robert Lindblom a nineteenth-century Swedish–born trader on the Chicago Board of Trade.
 Andress High School is a public high school located on the northeast side of El Paso Texas. The school serves about 2000 students in the El Paso Independent School District. It is located in the Sun Valley neighborhood at the intersection of Sun Valley Drive and Mackinaw Street.
 The University of Washington Tacoma (UW Tacoma) is a four-year undergraduate graduate and post-graduate branch campus of the University of Washington. It is located in downtown Tacoma Washington. Students can choose majors in business education nursing computer science information technology criminal justice social work environmental science urban studies and interdisciplinary arts and sciences. Classes are offered day and evening for full- or part-time students.
 Aars Municipality - before the Kommunalreformen (The Municipality Reform of 2007) it was a municipality (Danish kommune) in northern Denmark in the county of North Jutland on the peninsula of Jutland. The municipality covers an area of 223 km² and had a total population of 13284 (2005). Its latest mayor was Knud V. Christensen a member of the Conservative People's Party (Det Konservative Folkeparti) political party.
 Lakelands Park Middle School is a public middle school located in Gaithersburg Maryland USA. Managed by Montgomery County Public Schools the school educates in grades 6-8. The school was named after Lakelands Park which is adjacent to the school. It has the largest building among middle schools in Montgomery County. With its premises used regularly for community events the school has a high local profile.Deborah R.
 The National University of East Timor (Portuguese: Universidade Nacional Timor Lorosa'e; Tetum: Universidade Nasionál Timór Lorosa'e) based in the East Timorese capital Dili is the major institution of higher education in East Timor.
 Manav Bharati University is in the Solan district of Himachal Pradesh
 Sylvania Northview High School is a public high school located in Sylvania Ohio. It is a part of the Sylvania City School District. Northview currently has 1348 students and 86 teachers.
 Ribét Academy College Preparatory is a private independent boarding school for boys and girls from pre-school through twelfth grade located in Los Angeles California. The school is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) Accrediting Commission of Schools.
 Staley High School located at 2800 N.E. Shoal Creek Parkway in Kansas City North Missouri in the far north area of the district is the fourth high school added to North Kansas City School District. The new school was named after the nearby Staley Farms and the road of the same name. The opening began the year of 2008-09 classes with nearly 1000 students from Oak Park HS. It is the first Green school in Missouri; however other schools are in the process of being built and/or planned.
 Pittsfield High School or PHS is a public four-year high school located at 201 East Higbee Street in Pittsfield Illinois a small city in Pike County Illinois in the Midwestern United States. PHS serves the communities of Pittsfield Baylis Milton Nebo Pearl and Rockport. The campus is located 35 miles west of Jacksonville Illinois and serves a mixed small city village and rural residential community.
 Jamia Luthfia Anwarul Uloom Hamidnagar also known as Boruna Madrasah is one of the oldest and famous Qawmi Madrasahs in Sylhet Bangladesh. In 1941 a disciple and Caliph of the pioneer of Darul Uloom Deoband Shaikhul Hadith Syed Hussain Ahmed Madani (R:) Hazrat Maulana Shaykh Luthfur Rahman Bornabi (R:) established Jamia Lutfia Anwarul Uloom Hamidnagar.
 Indian Institute of Technology Mandi (IIT Mandi) is an engineering and technology higher education institute located in Mandi. It is one of the eight new Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) established by the Ministry of Human Resource Development Government of India under The Institutes of Technology (Amendment) Act 2011 which declares these eight IITs as well as the conversion of Institute of Technology Banaras Hindu University to IIT.
 St. Lucie West Centennial High School is a high school in Port St. Lucie Florida. The school has a Teacher/Student Ratio of 1.21.
 Tidbury Green School is a one form entry school on the outskirts of Solihull West Midlands. The school opened in 1931 serving pupils of all ages but became a primary school when Sharmans Cross Secondary School opened.
 The Diplomatic Academy of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation (Russian: Дипломатическая академия Министерства иностранных дел Российской Федерации) also known as State Educational Institution Diplomatic Academy of the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation is a diplomatic institution established in 1934 to teach and train the diplomatic and consular staff of Soviet foreign service and initially set up at the People's Commissariat for Foreign Affairs of the USSR.In 1939 the institution was regrouped into a Higher Diplomatic School and in 1974 transformed into the Diplomatic Academy of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the USSR and after 1991 was renamed to Diplomatic Academy of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation.
 Laxman Public School is a private school located in New Delhi India. It was founded by Shri Laxman Prasad Aggarwal. The school enrolls children from kindergarten to high school. It is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education India. The medium of instruction at Laxman Public School is English and two other languages from Hindi Sanskrit French or German are mandatory.
 Saint Joseph Central High School is a private college preparatory Roman Catholic high school in Pittsfield Massachusetts. Saint Joseph offers a co-educational intensive college preparatory curriculum to students in grades 9 through 12. SJCHS has a strong international student community with students from Korea China Austria and Spain but does not offer boarding facilities. International students live with local host families. Former principal Francis X.
 Carolina College was a Methodist college for women which operated in Maxton North Carolina from 1912 to 1926. The college offered the Bachelor of Arts (B. A.) degree until 1919 at which time it became a junior college offering only the Associate of Arts (A. A.) degree. Financial difficulties forced the closure of the institution in 1926. The property later became Presbyterian Junior College (which moved to Laurinburg North Carolina and became St.
 Midpark High School was a public high school located at 7000 Paula Drive in Middleburg Heights Ohio southwest of Cleveland Ohio. It was part of the Berea City School District along with Berea High School.
 Grays Harbor College is a community college located in Aberdeen Washington United States. Founded in 1930 the college sits on an 120-acre (0.49 km2) campus overlooking the town of Aberdeen and its seaport on the edge of the Pacific Ocean. Additional learning centers are located in Raymond Ilwaco North Aberdeen and Southside Aberdeen.
 Catholic Sangji College is a private 2-year college affiliated with the South Korean Roman Catholic church. It is located in the city center of Andong City North Gyeongsang province South Korea. The president is Yu Gang-ha (유강하). As a technical junior college Catholic Sangji College emphasizes team teaching and project-based learning.
 TPCIT (Tashkent Professional College of Information Technologies) is one of the oldest educational institutions in Uzbekistan.
 Canterbury University Online is a private degree-granting institution. According to its website Canterbury University was established in 1974 in Hyde-Cheshire Manchester United Kingdom. Is an independent university that delivers various specialized scientific courses.A diploma from Canterbury University Online is available by online class work transferred credits from another accredited university as well as documented work experience.
 Christ Lutheran Academy was a community Christian high school open for students of all denominations and aimed to offer a Christ-centered high school experience.First established in 2001 Christ Lutheran Academy operated in a Church in Naperville Illinois but then operated in a new building on 127th Street in Plainfield Illinois. The school permanently closed in August 2010 largely due to lack of funding.
 From 1822 to 1849 Augusta College was located in Augusta Kentucky in Bracken County. It was formed when the Bracken Academy and Methodist churches of Ohio and Kentucky joined. Augusta College was the third Methodist college founded in the United States. Its first president was Martin Ruter D.D. It usually had enrollment of about 175–305 pupils. Among many who attended the college were Edward J.
 The Lebanese American University (Arabic: الجامعة اللبنانية الأميركية ) is a secular private and independent American university and research institution located in Lebanon. The university is chartered by the Board of Regents of the University of the State of New York and is accredited by the Commission on Institutions of Higher Education of the New England Association of Schools and Colleges (CIHE–NEASC).
 Mountain View High School is a public high school in Stafford Virginia United States for students in grades nine through twelve in the western area of Stafford County.
 The College of New Jersey abbreviated TCNJ is a public coeducational university located in Ewing Township New Jersey a suburb of Trenton. TCNJ was established in 1855 by an act of the New Jersey Legislature. The institution was the first normal school in the state of New Jersey and the fifth in the United States. Originally located in Trenton proper the college was moved to its present location in adjacent Ewing Township during the early to mid-1930s.
 Pratt Institute is a private nonsectarian non-profit institution of higher learning located in the Clinton Hill neighborhood of Brooklyn New York United States with a satellite campus located at 14th Street in Manhattan. It originated in 1887 with programs primarily in engineering architecture and fine arts. Comprising five schools the Institute offers both undergraduate and Master's degree programs in a variety of fields with a strong focus on research.
 Cebu Doctors' University (commonly abbreviated as CDU) is a private university located in Mandaue City Cebu Philippines. It was founded in 1975 at Cebu City as Cebu Doctors' College with the opening of its College of Nursing one of the first nursing colleges in Cebu. CDU was granted university status by 2005 and moved to its present campus in Mandaue City by 2007. It presently has 8 colleges and a graduate school.
 Washington High School was a high school in Portland Oregon United States from 1906 to 1981. It was part of the Portland school district. After fire destroyed the original building a new building was completed in 1924. It still stands but has been vacant for many years. In October 2013 plans to renovate the building for commercial use were advancing with a mix of retail and office use planned.
 The International Institute of Information Technology Hyderabad (IIIT Hyderabad) is an autonomous university in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India. It was established in 1998 and is one of the most prestigious institutes of the country. It emphasizes research from the undergraduate level which makes it different from the other leading engineering institutes in India.
 Commonwealth Secondary School (abbreviation: CSS) is a government autonomous and coeducational secondary school in Singapore. Founded in 1964 Commonwealth Secondary School offers secondary school education from secondary one to four/five which leads to the GCE 'O' Level and GCE 'N' Level certificates and admits students (express stream) with PSLE score ranging from 238 and above annually.
 The San Ildefonso College currently is a museum and cultural center in Mexico City considered to be the birthplace of the Mexican muralism movement. San Ildefonso began as a prestigious Jesuit boarding school and after the Reform War it gained educational prestige again as National Preparatory School. This school and the building closed completely in 1978 then reopened as a museum and cultural center in 1992.
 The Claremont Institution for the Deaf and Dumb at Glasnevin Dublin was the first school for the deaf and dumb in Ireland. It was established in 1816 by Dr. Charles Orpen.
 Mepco Schlenk Engineering College is an autonomous engineering school located in Sivakasi Tamil Nadu India. It was founded on 17 October 1984. It is an ISO9001:2008 Certified Institution. It is sponsored by the Mepco Schlenk Charities a social welfare organization of the Metal Powder Company Limited Thirumangalam and its German collaborator Schlenk.
 Clifford Holroyde Special School is a specialist special educational needs college in the district of Knotty Ash in the city of Liverpool Merseyside for ages 7–16 and deals with all sorts of educational and behavioural needs.
 Oklahoma Wesleyan University is an evangelical Christian university of the Wesleyan Church located in Bartlesville in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
 The Blue Mountains International Hotel Management School (BMIHMS) is an Australian higher education provider of hotel management education with campuses in Leura and Sydney Australia.Since 1991 the Blue Mountains International Hotel Management School has provided qualifications in hospitality event management and tourism management to over 2500 graduates.The School currently delivers the following courses:Bachelor of Business (International Hotel and Resort Management)Bachelor of Business (International Event Management)Master of International Hotel ManagementThe undergraduate Bachelor degree is a business degree with a specalisation to prepare students for a career in hotel or event management. 
 Hingham High School is a co-educational public high school serving grades 9 through 12 for the town of Hingham Massachusetts. It is located on Union Street near Hingham Center. This school was ranked number 606 on Newsweek 's 2012 list of the Best High Schools in America.The school's teams compete in the Patriot League and are known as the Harbormen.
 St. Pius X school is an elementary school in Chula Vista California in the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Diego. It is one of two Catholic schools in Chula Vista; the other is St. Rose of Lima school.
 [[File:St. Mary's Academy of Caloocan City]]St. Mary's Academy of Caloocan City (SMACC) is a Catholic school owned and administered by the Sisters of the Religious of the Virgin Mary (RVM). It was formerly known as Our Lady of Grace Academy (OLGA) and was renamed to SMACC on December 8 2000 as the school marked its Golden Jubilee to unify the RVM system schools. SMACC is located at Madre Ignacia Avenue (12th Ave.) Grace Park Caloocan City.
 Northside College Preparatory High School (commonly referred to as Northside College Prep Northside Prep NCP or simply Northside) is a public 4-year selective enrollment high school located in the North Park neighborhood on the north side of Chicago Illinois United States. Founded in 1999 it was the first new CPS high school to be built in 20 years. It is a selective enrollment school and teaches only at the Honors and AP levels (excluding the P.E. department).
 Osaka International College (大阪国際大学短期大学部 Ōsaka Kokusai Daigaku Tanki Daigakubu) is a private junior college in Moriguchi Osaka Japan
 Sunnyside High School opened in 1955 is home to two thousand students located on the south side of Tucson Arizona. Sunnyside offers a wide variety of extracurricular programs advanced placement courses and specialized career and technical training programs. It is a part of the Sunnyside Unified School District.
 Chongqing Jiaotong University was founded in 1951 as a university with engineering being the primary focus. The university has teaches management natural sciences and humanities. Situated in the Nanan District of the Chongqing Municipality the university has a campus occupying an area of over 1600 mu with a floor space of 600000 square meters.
 National College of Computer Studies (NCCS) is a private college located in Paknajol Kathmandu Nepal. It was founded in 1998 as a computer training and software development institute. It later expanded to include university education in 2003 and high school education from 2005.
 CalUniversity (formerly California InterContinental University) is a nationally accredited online university located in the state of California in the United States. It has programs in Business Administration Network Engineering Information Technology Management and Healthcare.
 The Institute of Asian and African Countries at Lomonosov Moscow State University was founded in 1956 as the Institute of Oriental Languages. Today's name from 1972. It is the leading Russian Centre for Oriental Studies. It employs more than 250 members including 28 professors and 70 assistant professors.
 Pedare Christian College is a joint Independent Junior Middle and Senior School in South Australia.
 Boroughbridge High School is a mixed nonselective state secondary school in Boroughbridge North Yorkshire England.The school was awarded arts specialist status in September 2003. The School's 2009 Ofsted Inspection report rated the school as Grade 2 (good).Notable former pupils of the school are the singer Mark Joseph[citation needed] and thestrongman and former under-105k World Champion Darren Sadler
 Trinity College Kandy founded in 1872 by Anglican missionaries is an Independent elite private boys’ school providing primary and secondary education in Sri Lanka. It is widely considered to be the premier private boys' school in Sri Lanka.
 The School of Public Policy (SPP) is a graduate school of George Mason University. SPP is located in Arlington Virginia near Washington D.C.. U.S. News and World Report ranked SPP 24th in its 2012 rankings of American graduate public policy analysis programs.
 Severna Park Elementary School one of Severna Park's Green Schools was renovated 1964 and again in 1992. It is part of Anne Arundel County Public Schools. Among other school-wide activities the school hosts a Trick or Trot fundraiser each year around Halloween. The school celebrated 75 years in 2012. The principal is R. Lynn Birus.Severna Park Elementary feeds into Severna Park Middle School.
 The United States Merchant Marine Academy (also known as USMMA or Kings Point) is one of the five United States service academies.
 East Noble High School is a grade 9-12 high school located in Kendallville Indiana and is the only high school that is part of the East Noble School Corporation. It serves to educate the approximately 1200 students from the cities and towns of Rome City Brimfield Kendallville Avilla and LaOtto.
 Onsted High School is a public high school in Onsted Michigan. It is the only high school in the Onsted Community School district. Their nickname is the Wildcats. They are members of the Lenawee County Athletic Association.
 Technikon Natal is located in Durban KwaZulu-Natal South Africa and has now merged with ML Sultan Technikon to form the Durban University of Technology.♥== History ==Technikon Natal was founded by Dr Samuel George Campbell in 1907. In 1912 three new premises were opened in Warwick Avenue Smith Street and West Street along with their official crest and motto; Per Adua Ad Alta.
 The UANL High School system consisted in 29 Schools in Nuevo León. The high schools have several programs such as propedeutic bilingual bivalent in bilingual education binational in bilingual education technical and the University Superior Technician degree. Three schools offer technical education and one school CIDEB offers the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme. Fifteen schools are in the metropolitan area of Monterrey.
 Somerset County Technology Center (previously named Somerset County Technical Institute or SCTI) is a Public Vocational-Technical School located just outside of the county seat in Somerset Township. SCTC has eight sending High Schools in which students attend the center for one-half of the day and their home school for the other one half. A plethora of adult education opportunities both on and off site are available to county residents.
 The School of Business is a constituent of James Cook University which is responsible for Accounting Economics Business Tourism Marketing Management Development and Information Technology disciplines offered by James Cook University. The School of Business is located between the University's Cairn's Campus and Douglas Campus. The head of the school is Professor David Low.
 The Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law is the law school of Yeshiva University located in New York City. The school is named for Supreme Court Justice Benjamin N. Cardozo. Cardozo's success as a young school has been remarkable leading some to characterize Cardozo as a rising star among law schools. Among the top 100 law schools only three schools are younger than Cardozo which graduated its first class in 1979. Cardozo is currently ranked 58th by U.S.
 Austin Academy is a middle school in Garland Texas. It is part of the Garland Independent School District. It follows the magnet program most students going to Garland High School to complete the IB Diploma Programme.[citation needed]Austin Academy was named a 1992-93 National Blue Ribbon School.In 2013 the school was rated Meets Standard + 3 Distinctions  by the Texas Education Agency.
 Netanya Academic College (Hebrew: המכללה האקדמית נתניה‎ HaMikhlala HaAkademit Netanya) is a private college based in Netanya Israel. Established in 1994 by a team from Bar-Ilan University it has an enrolment of around 4000 undergraduate students. It is headed by its founder Zvi Arad.The college offers Bachelor's and Master's degrees in several subjects focusing on law business administration finance and computer science.
 Ursuline Academy in Springfield Illinois was a Catholic high school that operated from 1857 until 2007. In its final years it was affiliated with Springfield College in Illinois (SCI). Ursuline Academy billed itself as a college preparatory school. One offshoot of its partnership with SCI was a program which allowed high school students to simultaneously receive high school and college credit for courses.
 Torah Academy of Bergen County is a four-year yeshiva high school located in Teaneck in Bergen County New Jersey. It utilizes a split-schedule day offering both Jewish studies and college preparatory courses.
 Fordham University School of Law (commonly known as Fordham Law or Fordham Law School) is a part of Fordham University in the United States. The School is located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City and is one of eight ABA-approved law schools in that city. In 2013 91% of the law school's first-time test takers passed the bar exam placing the law school fifth-best among New York's 15 law schools.
 North Hopkins High School is a 1A public high school located outside unincorporated Birthright Texas (USA). It is part of the North Hopkins Independent School District located in north central Hopkins County. The school has a Sulphur Springs Texas address and is known in the area as Sulphur Springs North Hopkins. In 2011 the school was rated Academically Acceptable by the Texas Education Agency.
 Overbrook High School is an American comprehensive community four-year public high school located in Pine Hill in Camden County New Jersey operating as part of the Pine Hill Schools. The high school also serves the communities of Berlin Township and Clementon through sending/receiving relationships. with their respective school districts Its colors are burnt orange and navy. The current principal of Overbrook is Don Borden.
 West Side High School is a four-year public high school in Newark in Essex County New Jersey United States serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as part of the Newark Public Schools.As of the 2010–11 school year the school had an enrollment of 965 students and 68.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis) for a student–teacher ratio of 14.09:1. There were 690 students (71.5% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 49 (5.1% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
 The St. Joseph College of Bulacan is a private school located in San Jose Patag Sta. Maria Bulacan Republic of the Philippines.
 Wallington Jr./Sr. High School is a six-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in seventh through twelfth grade from Wallington in Bergen County New Jersey United States operating as part of the Wallington Public Schools.As of the 2010-11 school year the school had an enrollment of 549 students and 37.3 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis) for a student–teacher ratio of 14.72:1.
 The School for Advanced Studies (SAS) is a SACS accredited dual-enrollment secondary school in Miami Florida. It is a part of the Miami-Dade County Public Schools System and is situated at four campuses of Miami Dade College. These four campuses are: the Kendall campus North Campus Wolfson Campus and Homestead campus.
 John Tyler Community College is a two-year public institution of higher education and is the fifth largest of the 23 community colleges in Virginia. John Tyler is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and offers 17 associate degree programs eight certificate programs and 36 career studies certificate programs. During the 2010-2011 academic year the college served more than 14500 students.
 The Garden City University College is one of the private universities in Ghana. It is located at Kumasi in the Ashanti Region. It was established in 2001. as the College of Information Technology and Management Systems. The College was converted into the Garden City University College in 2004. It has been granted accreditation by the National Accreditation Board.
 Guizhou Nationalities University (simplified Chinese: 贵州民族学院; traditional Chinese: 貴州民族學院; pinyin: Guìzhou min zu xué yuàn is a provincial public university located in Guiyang capital of Guizhou province China.
 Menomonie High School is a public secondary school located in Menomonie Wisconsin. The school has a student body of approximately 1000 students with a staff of over 105. Menomonie School District's (MSD) only high school it serves students in grades 9-12. MHS's mascot is the Mustangs.
 Woodham Academy is a school and former sixth form college in Newton Aycliffe County Durham England. The school was previously known as Woodham Community Technology College (from 2000 to 2012) and was initially opened as Woodham Comprehensive School in 1970.
 The Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hamburg is one of the larger universities of music in Germany.It was founded 1950 as Staatliche Hochschule für Musik (Public university of music) on the base of the former private acting school of Annemarie Marks-Rocke and Eduard Marks.Studies include various music types from church music over Jazz to pop music composition conducting instrumental music as well as voice. The theatre academy offers courses in drama and opera and directing in these fields.
 Melbourne Polytechnic is a hybrid educational organisation developed and administered by Northern Melbourne Institute of TAFE (NMIT) offering vocational education courses encompassing Certificate Diploma Advanced Diploma levels and Bachelor degrees at Prahran campus.NMIT Bachelor degrees in Business Hospitality Management Information Technology and Writing and Publishing will initially be offered by Melbourne Polytechnic.
 National Kaohsiung First University of Science and Technology (NKFUST; Chinese: 國立高雄第一科技大學; Tongyong Pinyin: Gúolì Gaosyóng Kējì Dàsyúe; Hanyu Pinyin: Guólì Gaōxióng Kējì Dàxué) is a national coeducational university in Nanzih District Kaohsiung Taiwan. It is colloquially known as Gaokeda (高科大 Pinyin Gaōkēdà) or Gaoxiongkeda (高雄科大 Pinyin Gaōxióngkēdà). Its campus is set upon 750000 m2.
 Santa Clara University is a private non-profit Jesuit university located in Santa Clara California. It has 5250 full-time undergraduate students and 3270 graduate students. Founded in 1851 Santa Clara University is the oldest operating institution of higher learning in California and has remained in its original location for 162 years. The University's campus surrounds the historic Mission Santa Clara de Asis which traces its founding to 1776.
 Hanover High School is the only public high school in the Dresden School District in Hanover New Hampshire USA. In 1963 it became the first interstate high school in the country as part of a bill that was the last ever signed into action by John F. Kennedy. Today it accepts students from several communities in New Hampshire and Vermont. Enrollment is approximately 786 students the majority of whom come from the towns of Hanover (New Hampshire) and Norwich Vermont.
 Azerbaijan Technical University (AzTU; Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Texniki Universiteti) is a public university specialized in engineering located in Baku Azerbaijan. The University has 9 schools and 54 departments 884 faculty members and approximately 6500 students.The University traces its history to the much older Baku Polytechnical Institute.
 Chancellor's School in Brookmans Park Hertfordshire is a secondary school (including sixth form). It has 1043 boys and girls aged 11-18. It is a state comprehensive Foundation school.
 Chilliwack Secondary is a public high school in Chilliwack British Columbia part of School District 33 Chilliwack. The first Chilliwack Secondary was established in 1903. The school moved to its present site in 1950. It is undergoing construction soon to convert it to a hybrid high school and community centre. The project is forecasted to be completed by 2013.
 Riverside Junior/Senior High School is a large urban public school located in Taylor Pennsylvania a city of Scranton. It is part of the Riverside School District. The school serves the cities of Taylor and Moosic Pennsylvania and has a student population of around 3420. The existing building was originally constructed in 1972.
 Loyola High School Patna India is a co-educational Christian institution which was founded in 1969 originally for boys and later for girls. It is administered by the society of Montfort Brothers of St. Gabriel (Ranchi Province).The school was affiliated to the Bihar School Examination Board in 1976 but switched to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) in 1993.
 Jordanstown Schools is a school for deaf children and children with visual impairments including blindness. It is based in Jordanstown north of Belfast Northern Ireland.
 The Western Pennsylvania School for the Deaf (WPSD) is a school for deaf and hard of hearing children in Edgewood Pennsylvania. It was established in 1869.The school is listed as a Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmark. The administrative building was built in 1903 by architects Alden & Harlow.
 The Smith College School for Social Work provides graduate social work education to men and women around the world.
 St Wilfrid's Catholic School is a voluntary aided comprehensive Catholic secondary school in Crawley West Sussex England for pupils aged 11 to 18. It caters for around 900 pupils in years 7 to 13 including around 100 in its sixth form. It is now a Business & Enterprise Specialist School With Ethics.
 Whitworth University is a private Christian liberal arts college located in Spokane Washington United States that offers Bachelor's and Master's degrees in a variety of academic disciplines. The university which has an enrollment of nearly 3000 students offers 60 undergraduate and graduate programs. Formerly Whitworth College the board of trustees voted to change the institution's name to Whitworth University in 2006 which became effective July 1 2007.
 The College of Computer Studies (CCS) is one of the seven colleges of De La Salle University. It was established in 1981 as the Center for Planning Information and Computer Science offering only a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science. The department was formally declared as a college in 1984. In 1990 the college was transferred to its new building the INTELLECT (Information Technology Lecture) Building which was eventually renamed as the Gokongwei Building.
 Edison State College (also commonly referred to as ESC ECC and Edison) is a state college in Southwest Florida. The college has its main campus in Fort Myers in Lee County satellite campuses in Charlotte and Collier counties and outreach programs in Hendry and Glades counties. The college is named after inventor and industrialist Thomas Edison who frequently wintered in Fort Myers.Edison's name will be changed to Florida SouthWestern State College effective July 2014.
 Red Bluff Union High School Dist is a public school district based in Tehama County California United States.
 Farleigh School is a Catholic preparatory day and boarding school in Andover Hampshire England. Situated in 60 acres (240000 m2) of parkland in the Test Valley Hampshire it educates around 430 children. The current school comprises a pre-prep department (ages 3–6) and the main prep school (ages 6–13).
 The Faculty of Commerce is a constituent body of the University of Wollongong.
 Changshin University is a private Christian university located in Changwon City South Gyeongsang province near the southern coast of South Korea. It employs about 60 instructors on two campuses. Graduating classes number around 2000.
 Bayside High School is a secondary school located in Virginia Beach Virginia.The school is one of several magnet programs in Virginia Beach. Its feature is the Health Sciences Academy; students throughout the city interested in a health sciences education can apply. The school has a written agreement with Eastern Virginia Medical School regarding preferential admissions for Academy graduates.Bayside is in the top three in Standards of Learning (SOL) scores within the school district.
 RMIT's School of Economics Finance and Marketing is an Australian tertiary education school within the College of Business at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT University) located in Melbourne Victoria.
 Colorado State University OnlinePlus (formally named the Division of Continuing Education) is a service provider of online and distance education as well as face-to-face classes at learning centers along Colorado’s Front Range to students who are not able to attend classes on campus at CSU.Colorado State University OnlinePlus offers accredited undergraduate degree completion programs accredited graduate degrees and professional development training and certificate programs.Colorado State University is regionally accredited by The Higher Learning Commission a Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools (NCASC).Admission is not required to take many online courses as long as students meet the prerequisites. 
 John McInnis Jr. Secondary is a public high school in the Prince George British Columbia part of School District 57 Prince George.
 SMK Convent Ipoh (Malay: Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Convent Ipoh) is an all-girls secondary school located on Jalan Sultan Idris Shah (formerly Brewster Road) Ipoh Perak Malaysia. Established in 1907 it is one of the oldest schools in Ipoh and is widely known as Main Convent Ipoh.
 American University of Vietnam is a private new established university based in Da Nang Vietnam that offers American quality academic education. Its headquarters is in Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam; it is also operated as satellite campus.
 The University of Medicine and Pharmacy of Târgu Mureș (Romanian: Universitatea de Medicină și Farmacie din Târgu Mureș Hungarian: Marosvásárhelyi Orvosi és Gyógyszerészeti Egyetem) or UMF Târgu Mureș is a multicultural public university in Târgu Mureș Romania founded in 1948 as Institute of Medicine and Pharmacy.
 Harris Academy Bromley is a secondary school located in North Beckenham in the London Borough of Bromley. The academy takes in girls between the ages of 11 and 18 and in 2011 the school joined a federation of academies in South London called the Harris Federation named after the Lord Harris of Peckham who is sponsoring them. Prior to its transformation into an academy the school was known as Cator Park School.
 St. Thomas' School is a Christian Missionary School located in Pune.It was promoted by the inspiration of Sir Adams. The school comes under the control of the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education.The school has both male and female students.The school has 3 floors each of which consists of 7 rooms.
 The Lincoln Group of Schools (NASDAQ: LINC) is a group of for-profit tertiary level vocational institutions consisting of 43 campuses in the United States. Each campus is owned and operated by Lincoln Educational Services Corporation. Lincoln offers open enrollment actively catering to the ATB (ability to benefit) market of potential students not holding a high school diploma or equivalent.
 Magic Valley Christian College (42°24′48″N 113°35′02″W) was an institution of higher learning located in Albion in the U.S. state of Idaho.
 Private University of Angola (UPRA) (Portuguese: Universidade Privada de Angola) is a private university located in Luanda Angola. University was founded in 2000.
 Faculty of Arts Charles University in Prague is a traditional centre of Czech scholarship. The Faculty provides lectures in the greatest number of fields of the humanities in the Czech Republic and is the only faculty in Europe at which all the languages spoken in the Member States of the European Union can be studied (in various forms).
 Uganda Management Institute (UMI) is a government- owned national center for training research and consultancy in the field of management and administration in Uganda. It is one of the nine public universities and degree-awarding institutions in the country.
 Michigan School of Professional Psychology (MiSPP) is an independent graduate school located in Farmington Hills Michigan. The Master of Arts in clinical psychology is offered in a one year full-time or a two to three year part-time format. The Doctor of Clinical Psychology degree is a full-time minimum four-year post-masters program.
 Basic Education High School No. 1 Lanmadaw (Burmese: အခြေခံ ပညာ အထက်တန်း ကျောင်း အမှတ် (၁) လမ်းမတော်; commonly known as Lanmadaw 1 High School or St. John's High School) located in Lanmadaw township is a public high school in Yangon.The school's main colonial era building is a landmark protected by the city and is listed on the Yangon City Heritage List.
 CEDU Educational Services Inc. known simply as CEDU (pronounced see-doo) was founded in 1967 by Mel Wasserman and his wife Brigitta. The company owned and operated several therapeutic boarding schools and behavior modification programs in California and Idaho.
 East Chicago Central High School is a high school in the industrial city of East Chicago Indiana United States located in the Chicago metropolitan area. Its address is 1100 W. Columbus Drive on the corner of Columbus Drive and Indianapolis Boulevard. The high school opened in 1986 as a result of the merger of East Chicago's two high schools: Roosevelt Roughriders (which was located in the school's present location) and Washington Senators (in the Indiana Harbor side of town).
 The Malayan High School of Science (MHSS) is a private secondary educational institution established in 2005 and it is managed and operated by the Mapúa Institute of Technology (MIT). It is located on a one-hectare property along P. Guazon Street (formerly Otis St.) in the district of Pandacan City of Manila Philippines.
 Panjab University Swami Sarvanand Giri Regional Centre (PUSSGRC) in Hoshiarpur is an integral part of Panjab University Chandigarh.PU Chandigarh was established in 1882 at Lahore (now in Pakistani Punjab). It has 188 affiliated colleges spread over Punjab Haryana Himachal Pradesh Chandigarh & Regional Centers at Muktsar Ludhiana and Hoshiarpur. The University has 75 teaching and research departments and 15 centers/chairs.
 Rosemont High School is a public high school located in Sacramento California USA. Designed by DLR Group its completed buildings opened in 2003. Rosemont H.S. is part of the Sacramento City Unified School District. In 2008 the school had 1901 students with a graduation rate of 87%.
 Fairvale High School is a comprehensive coeducational high school located in Fairfield West Sydney Australia. Established in 1969 the school is part of the South Western Sydney School Region and the Fairfield School Education Area.
 San Marcos High School is a secondary school in San Marcos Texas. The school serves grades 9 through 12 and is part of the San Marcos Consolidated Independent School District.
 Kinki University (近畿大学 Kinki daigaku) or Kindai (近大) is a private non-sectarian and coeducational university based in Higashiosaka Osaka Japan with campuses in five other locations: Nara Nara; Ōsakasayama Osaka; Uchita Wakayama; Higashihiroshima Hiroshima; and Iizuka Fukuoka. The word Kinki used in the name of the university means the surrounding area of the capital city (Kyoto) (see Kansai region).
 Cairo American College (or CAC) is a pre-K-12 international American school located in Cairo Egypt. It caters mainly to dependents of the local American embassy and other international students. The school works to recreate an American schooling experience within a Middle-Eastern nation.
 Waukesha South High School is a high school located in Waukesha Wisconsin United States. It was opened in 1957 as a southern campus to Waukesha High School then in downtown Waukesha. The downtown campus is now Central Campus Middle School.
 35.2024-102.0622Bushland High School is a 2A high school located in Bushland Texas (USA). It is part of the Bushland Independent School District located in southwestern Potter County. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Sol C. Johnson High School is a public high school located in Savannah Georgia USA. A unit of the Savannah-Chatham County School System it has been ranked number 819 among Newsweek magazine's top 1500 U.S. secondary schools based on advanced placement and International Baccalaureate test scores.
 Southern Nazarene University (SNU) is a Christian liberal arts college located in Bethany Oklahoma United States.
 New College Worcester (or NCW; formerly RNIB New College) is an independent boarding and day school for students aged 11–19 who are blind or partially sighted. It caters for around 80 students. It is located in the city of Worcester England. A 2007 Ofsted inspection classed the school with a Grade 1 (Outstanding). The school has also been featured in the Good Schools Guide.
 Hokkaido University of Education (HUE) (北海道教育大学 Hokkaidō Kyōiku Daigaku) is national public university administered by the government of Japan. It has five campuses in Hokkaido Japan. The main campus is located on the outskirts of Sapporo the capital of Hokkaido. Hokkaido University of Education Sapporo (HUES) is the largest campus but still only has a little over 1000 students. Other campuses are located in Asahikawa Kushiro Hakodate and Iwamizawa.
 The Athenian School is a college preparatory and boarding school located in Danville California. Athenian educates students in grades 6-12 on a 75-acre (300000 m2) campus at the base of Mt. Diablo located near San Francisco in Northern California. Athenian was founded by Dyke Brown (1915–2006) in 1965.Athenian is composed of roughly 150 students in the middle school (grades 6-8) and 300 students in the high school (9-12). Approximately 40 students and 18 teachers live on campus full-time.
 York College is a private four-year college affiliated with the Churches of Christ located in York Nebraska United States (50 miles west of Lincoln). The college was founded in 1890.
 Hudson High School is a high school in Hudson New York U.S.A. It is operated by the Hudson City School District.
 Glasgow School of Medicine is the medical school of the University of Glasgow Scotland and is one of the largest in Europe offering a 5 year MBChB degree course. It is ranked 16th in the UK for medicine by the Complete University Guide 2014 and 24th by the Guardian University Subject Guide 2014. The School of Medicine uses lecture-based learning problem-based learning and Glasgow's case-based learning.
 Loretto College School (LCS Loretto College or Loretto) is a Catholic high school for young girls in Toronto Ontario Canada operated by the Toronto Catholic District School Board. It was founded by the Loretto Sisters Institute of the Blessed Virgin Mary in 1915 whose founder Blessed Mary Ward advocated excellent education for young women so that they might “do great things”. The name “college” refers to the school's association with Loretto College a component of the University of St.
 Bairnsdale Secondary College is a public co-educational secondary school located in Bairnsdale Victoria Australia. As of 2010 the school has approximately 1100 students from Year 7 to year 12.Bairnsdale secondary college has four main bands consisting of the junior band intermediate band senior band and swing band all performing locally and interstate every year.Bairnsdale Secondary College opened its doors in 1912 as Bairnsdale High School.
 Bethlehem High School is a coeducational Roman Catholic high school in Bardstown Kentucky. It is part of the Archdiocese of Louisville and is one of only two coeducational high schools among the nine overseen by the archdiocese (the other being Holy Cross High School in Louisville).Its sports teams have had successes in the 21st century.
 Waitaki Girls' High School is a state high school for girls situated in Oamaru on the East coast of New Zealand. It was founded in 1887 and presently has a roll of just over 400 girls from the ages of 13 to 18. It also has a boarding hostel which houses approximately 50 girls including international students and tutors.The school uses a house system with four houses and respective colours: Burn (red) Ferguson (yellow) Gibson (green) and Wilson (blue).
 Cambridge International School is a British Curriculum School located in Garhoud Dubai UAE. It is a private Education (IGCSE) course the Advanced Subsidiary (AS) and A Level Examinations of the Universities of Cambridge and London (UK) consistently producing results well above the UK national average.
 Chorlton High School is a coeducational secondary school with academy status located in Chorlton-cum-Hardy Manchester England.
 The Barclay School is a secondary school and sixth form located in Stevenage Hertfordshire England. The current head teacher is Debbie Upton appointed 5 September 2011.Opening in 1949 it was one of the first purpose-built secondary schools constructed in the UK after the Second World War and was awarded a Festival of Britain architectural award in 1951.
 The Escola Superior de Agricultura Luiz de Queiroz (ESALQ) is a unit of the University of São Paulo involved with research teaching and extension of services in agriculture animal husbandry agricultural and related sciences. The ESALQ main campus located at Piracicaba has six undergraduate and sixteen postgraduate programs. The ESALQ was founded in 1901 by Luiz de Queiroz an agronomist and strongly innovative farmer and industrial entrepreneur.
 Liceo El Rosario (English: El Rosario High School) formerly known as Escuela FN453 is a Chilean high school located in Litueche Cardenal Caro Province Chile.
 Burke County High School is a public high school located in Waynesboro Georgia USA. The school is part of the Burke County School District which serves Burke County Georgia.In 2012 the Burke County Bears won 4A state championship lead by Corey Mayton and Montres Kitchens. In 2013 lead by Donquell Green they lost vs. Sandy Creek which is best team in Georgia score was 20 Burke County 31 Sandy Creek
 The Cherokee County Schools manages the 13 schools in Cherokee County North Carolina United States with an enrollment of 3820 students and a 12.7:1 student to teacher ratio.The School Superintendent is Stephen Lane.
 White Knoll High School is a public high school in Lexington South Carolina that provides education for ninth through twelfth grades serving communities of West Columbia and Lexington South Carolina. The school's mascot is the Timberwolf and their main rival is Lexington High School.
 PakTurk International Schools and Colleges (PTISC) is a private chain of Turkish educational institutions established in 1995 for the pursuit of education in Pakistan. As of 2010 eighteen branches of PakTurk International Schools and Colleges are operating in Islamabad Lahore Karachi Khairpur Multan Peshawar and Quetta with a total student population of more than 7000.
 The Lorien Novalis School for Rudolf Steiner Education is a Steiner School in Glenhaven New South Wales Australia. Established in 1971 the school teaches from classes preschool to year 12.
 Pleasant Grove High School (PGHS) is a public high school located in Pleasant Grove Utah.
 Hainan Normal University (simplified Chinese: 海南师范大学; traditional Chinese: 海南師範大學; pinyin: Hǎinán Shīfàn Dàxué) is located in Haikou city and is the province's oldest institution for higher learning. Over 20000 students are enrolled including about 200 foreigners.The 3347 sq. metre campus is also home to The Secondary School Teacher’s Continuation Education Centre of Hainan and the Training Centre for Higher Learning Institution are also located on the campus.
 Morley Senior High School is a co-educational state high school in the Perth suburb of Noranda Western Australia. It teaches Year 8 to 12 in the Western Australian education system.
 The Hochschule für Grafik und Buchkunst (HGB) in Leipzig (Academy of Visual Arts Leipzig) is one of the oldest art schools in Germany dating back to 1764. The school has four colleges specialising in fine arts graphic design photography and new media art with around 500 students.
 Redmond High School is a public high school located in Redmond Oregon United States.
 Ganado High School is a public high school located in Ganado Texas (USA) and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. It is part of the Ganado Independent School District located in east central Jackson County. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 The Centre for Population Poverty and Public Policy Studies (CEPS/INSTEAD) is a research centre located in Esch-sur-Alzette Luxembourg.Established in 1978 for researching persistent poverty in industrialized countries within the framework of the First European Community Program to Combat Poverty the Centre was given by Luxembourg law the status of a public establishment by the Prime Minister in 1989 with scientific administrative and financial autonomy.The centre has a research staff complement of 140 consisting mainly of economists sociologists social policy analysts geographers and psychologists.
 West Orange High School (WOHS) is a comprehensive four-year public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from West Orange in Essex County New Jersey. WOHS is currently the only high school serving the West Orange Public Schools.
 Macksville High School is an Australian public high school in Macksville New South Wales.The school caters to a significant Aboriginal student population.The school has established a sister-school relationship with Jambi Sumatera Indonesia.
 Southern States University (SSU) is a for-profit American university with four locations in Southern California. The Chancellor is John Tucker.
 Temasek Junior College (TJC) is a junior college located in the Eastern region of Singapore and is considered as one of the top five junior colleges (for Year 11 and Year 12 students) in Singapore.In 2005 TJC started its Temasek Academy four-year Integrated Programme with 100 Secondary 3 and foreign students. It bypasses the GCE 'O' Level examination and culminates in the GCE 'A' Level examination.
 Raleigh Charter High School is a free independent public school chartered by the North Carolina State Board of Education. It was founded in 1998 by parents of eighth graders at Magellan Charter School.From its inception through the 2010-2011 school year Raleigh Charter occupied the historic Pilot Mill behind Peace College in downtown Raleigh. Over the summer of 2011 the school moved to the former Methodist Building on Glenwood Avenue.
 Haileybury is an Australian pre-kindergarten to Year 12 mixed gender independent school affiliated with the Uniting Church in Australia. It is often considered to be one of Australia's most prestigious and popular elite schools. The school was founded in 1892 by Charles Rendall a graduate of Haileybury & Imperial Service College in Hertfordshire UK.
 Vale High School is a public high school in Vale Oregon United States.
 Taiwan Adventist International School (or TAIS) is a complete secondary boarding school operated by the Seventh-day Adventist Church. It is situated in the midst of the rural area Nantou County Taiwan.
 Northwest Mississippi Community College is a two-year public community college located in Senatobia Mississippi USA and has been in existence since 1928. As of August 2008 Northwest's enrollment exceeds 7100 students. There are approximately 3000 students on the Senatobia campus—1100 of which reside in the college's residence halls.
 Driffield School & Sixth Form is a coeducational comprehensive school which is situated on Manorfield Road in Driffield in the East Riding of Yorkshire England. The School has nearly 2000 pupils aged 11–18 who come from rural communities in the Yorkshire Wolds.In the 2011 Ofsted inspection Driffield School & Sixth Form was classed as grade 2 'good'. Overall effectiveness of post 16 provision was classified as grade 3 'satisfactory'.
 Windsor Forest High School is a public high school in the Windsor Forest section of Savannah Georgia. Managed by the Savannah-Chatham County School Board of Education its attendance area includes the southside Savannah neighborhoods of Windsor Forest White Bluff Wilshire and Georgetown.
 The Indian Institute of Technology Delhi (abbreviated IIT Delhi or IITD) is a public engineering institution located in Delhi India. It is one of the IITs along with other Indian Institutes of Technology institutions in India.
 Petersburg High School is a public high school located in Petersburg Texas (USA) a small farming community in the southern panhandle portion of the state and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. The school is part of the Petersburg Independent School District which encompasses the southeastern corner of Hale County and reaches into portions of Floyd and Crosby counties. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Karunya University (formerly Karunya Institute of Technology and Sciences KITS) is a fully residential Evangelical Christian Deemed University located in Coimbatore India. It was founded as a Christian minority institution by the late D. G. S. Dhinakaran his son Paul Dhinakaran Christian evangelists and the founders of Jesus Calls Ministries India.
 The Franz Joseph University (Hungarian: Ferenc József Tudományegyetem) was the second modern university in Hungary. Founded in 1872 its seat was initially in Kolozsvár (Cluj-Napoca). After the World War I first it moved to Budapest for a brief period (1919–21) and later found temporary housing in Szeged (1921–40). In 1940 after the Second Vienna Award ceded Northern Transylvania including Kolozsvár to Hungary the university was relocated to its old home.
 The Faculty of Law is a constituent faculty of McGill University in Montreal Quebec. Its graduates obtain both a Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.) and Bachelor of Civil Law (B.C.L.) concurrently in three to four years allowing them to practise in both the Canadian U.S. and UK common law system as well as France and Quebec's civil law system.
 Kanchrapara College established in 1972 is the general degree college in Kanchrapara. It offers undergraduate courses in arts commerce and sciences. It is affiliated to University of Kalyani.
 Bellevue High School is a public secondary school located in Bellevue Washington. In the 2012–2013 school year Bellevue had 1421 students enrolled in grades 9 through 12.The school principal is Scott Powers and the Assistant Principals are Steve Coryelle and Russell White.
 Westford Academy is the public high school (grades 9-12) for the town of Westford Massachusetts. It was founded in 1792 and is one of the oldest public high schools in the United States. Westford Academy was originally established as a private school and was changed to a public school in 1928. Westford maintained the name Academy as it maintained the board of trustees to allow students to continue being eligible to receive scholarships established by Westford Academy trustees.
 East Bridgewater High School is a public secondary school located at 11 Plymouth Street in East Bridgewater Massachusetts. The school serves students in grades 9-12 and has an approximate enrollment of 675 students. The schools colors are Navy Gold & White and the school mascot is the Vikings.
 The Halki seminary formally the Theological School of Halki (Greek: Θεολογική Σχολή Χάλκης) was founded on 1 October 1844 on the island of Halki (Turkish: Heybeliada) the second-largest of the Princes' Islands in the Sea of Marmara. It was the main school of theology of the Eastern Orthodox Church's Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople until the Turkish parliament enacted a law banning private higher education institutions in 1971.
 Waterloo Central School District is a school district in Waterloo New York United States. The superintendent is Terry MacNabb.The district operates five schools: Waterloo High School Waterloo Middle School LaFayette Intermediate School Skoi-Yase Primary School and Main Street Multi-Age. In addition the district formerly housed St. Mary's School a PreK-8 Catholic school that closed in 2005.
 The Piedmont Unified School District (PUSD) comprises the seven schools in the city of Piedmont California.
 Berry College is a private four-year liberal arts college located in Mount Berry Floyd County Georgia just north of Rome. It is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS).
 The Internatsschule Schloss Hansenberg (ISH) is a mixed coeducational secondary boarding school in Geisenheim-Johannisberg in the Rheingau in Hesse Germany.It was founded in 2003 by the government of Hesse and is run with the help of three companies (Public Private Partnership): The Commerzbank AG the Linde Group and the Robert Bosch Stiftung.
 Faith Baptist Bible College and Theological Seminary is a private undergraduate and graduate institution located in Ankeny Iowa USA.
 Walther Christian Academy is a private high school in Melrose Park Illinois United States.
 Whitehouse Primary School is a primary school in Newtownabbey. It was destroyed in an arson attack on 18 July 2009. After the school was destroyed all its students were admitted into the Newtownabby High School. On 14 May 2010 the Education Minister Caitríona Ruane approved an amount of £3.6m for rebuilding the school.In the arson attack the entire building except the front half was burnt down.
 The George W. Woodruff School of Mechanical Engineering is the oldest and second largest department in the College of Engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology. The school offers degree programs in mechanical engineering and nuclear and radiological engineering that are accredited by ABET.
 Agartala Government Medical College is located at Agartala the capital city of Tripura one of the north-eastern states of India. It is at Kunjaban near the Malancha Nivas home of Rabindranath Tagore at Agartala. The college is in cooperation with the G.B. Hospital which is the hospital of the college. It is completely run by the government of Tripura.
 Vidyadaan Institute of Technology and Management (VITM ) is a college established in 2010 in Buxar Bihar India. It is first engineering college in Bihar affiliated to Aryabhatta Knowledge University.
 Nan Jeon University of Science and Technology (NJTC; Chinese: 南榮科技大學; pinyin: Nánróng Kējì Dàxué) is a private university in Yanshui District Tainan Taiwan.
 Palisades Charter High School (usually abbreviated as Pali Highor Pali uncommonly as PCHS / PHS ) is a secondary school in Los Angeles California United States. The public high school serves the neighborhoods of Pacific Palisades Palisades Highlands Kenter Canyon and portions of Brentwood (including Brentwood Circle). Residents in Topanga an unincorporated section of Los Angeles County may attend Palisades or Taft High School.The school serves grades 9 through 12.
 Worth County High School (also known as Worth County Comprehensive High School) is a public high school located in Sylvester Georgia USA. The school is part of the Worth County School District which serves Worth County Georgia.
 Bellevue High School is a public high school in historic Bellevue Ohio. It is the only high school in the Bellevue City School district. Their nickname is the Redmen. Bellevue is a member of the Northern Ohio League. The current building was built in 1962.
 Lake Shore Central High School is a high school located in Evans New York USA that teaches according to the Board of Regents. It serves students in Evans Brant and Angola New York.The current principal is Mrs. Julie Hoerner the current assistant principal is Mr. Matthew Fisher and the current assistant principal/director of athletics is Mr. Daryl Besant.
 The Moog Center for Deaf Education was founded in 1996 by one of the pioneers of the oralism method Jean Sachar Moog.The Moog Center is an independent not-for-profit school that provides education services to children — birth to early elementary years — with hearing loss and their families.There are eight Certified Moog Programs that offer oral education for deaf and hard-of-hearing children and their families:[2] Buffalo Hearing and Speech Center in Buffalo New York Child's Voice in the Chicago Illinois area Colegio Las Lomas Oral in Buenos Aires Argentina Desert Voices in Phoenix Arizona The Moog Center for Deaf Education in St. 
 Good Shepherd Lutheran College is a Prep to Year 12 campus that serves the families of the Noosa district. It is located in Noosaville.
 St. Ambrose Academy is a Roman Catholic middle school and high school located in Madison Wisconsin. The school's stated purpose is to offer a classical education rooted in the Catholic faith.Established in 2003 with classrooms at a facility of Cardinal Stritch University in Madison by 2004 the school had 14 students. That year the Madison Plan Commission granted a conditional use permit to St. Thomas Aquinas parish at 602 Everglade Drive for up to 60 students.
 Maseno School is the oldest formal education school in Kenya. It was established in 1906 by the Missionaries of the Church Missionary Society (CMS) as a school for the children of African chiefs. The first administrator of the school was Rev. James Jamieson Willis fondly remembered as J.J Willis.In 1905 Willis was sent to explore the Kavirondo or lake region of Kenya as a prospective place for the establishment of a mission.
 Our Lady of the Visitation School is a large private grade-school in Cincinnati Ohio. The school has been noted for its academic achievements and is considered one the best grade schools in the Archdiocese of Cincinnati[citation needed]. The school won the 2007 Blue Ribbon Schools Competition. The school's name is often shortened to Visi.
 </ref>Cothill House is a boarding boys' independent school for preparatory pupils in Cothill Oxfordshire which houses around 220 boys from the ages 8–13.
 Marywood University is a coeducational Catholic liberal arts university located on a 115-acre (0.47 km2) campus in Scranton Pennsylvania. Established in 1915 by the Sisters Servants of the Immaculate Heart of Mary Marywood currently enrolls more than 3400 students in a variety of undergraduate graduate and doctoral programs. The university is a national arboretum with more than 100 types of trees and shrubs.
 The AK-ROWDIES are a student cheer group at The University of Akron that was founded in 2005. The AK ROWDIES are the largest organization at Akron. They can be found at all of the sporting events on campus in special student sections designated for the Rowdy members.
 Sardar Patel Institute of Technology (SPIT) is an engineering college in India. It is located in Andheri a suburb of Mumbai. It is affiliated to Mumbai University and offers graduate (Bachelor) and post-graduate (Master) degrees in Engineering.
 The Western University College of Veterinary Medicine (WesternU CVM) is a non-profit private veterinary medical school at Western University of Health Sciences located in Pomona in the US state of California. The college consists of about 400 veterinary medical students and confers the degree Doctor of Veterinary Medicine. The college was established in 1998 as the first veterinary school to open in the country in 20 years.
 The Royal National College for the Blind (RNC) is a co-educational residential college of further education based in the English city of Hereford. Students who attend the college are blind or partially sighted. They can study a wide range of qualifications at RNC from academic subjects such as English and mathematics to more vocational topics such as performing arts.
 Canadiana.org formerly the Canadian Institute for Historical Microreproductions is a non-profit and charitable organization dedicated to preserving Canada's heritage and making it accessible online.
 The E.W. Scripps School of Journalism is part of the Scripps College of Communication at Ohio University.Founded in 1924 the school has been recognized by The Associated Press and U.S. News & World Report for excellence in instruction and research in the fields of journalism and mass communications. The program was recently recognized as a National Center of Excellence by the Ohio Board of Regents and has attracted more than $54 million in grants awards and investments.
 University of Texas Elementary School is a state charter primary school located at 2200 East 6th Street in Austin Texas United States. The school is affiliated with the University of Texas at Austin.By 2002 the school proposal caused friction between the University of Texas at Austin and the Austin Independent School District.
 The University of Pittsburgh at Bradford also known as Pitt-Bradford or UPB is a comprehensive undergraduate college of the University of Pittsburgh that exists as a regional campus located in Bradford Pennsylvania. Pitt-Bradford was listed among the Best Baccalaureate Colleges in the North by U.S.
 The National Sugar Institute (NSI) established in 1936 is involved in research training and advisory services to the sugar and allied industry and functions under the Department of Food and Public Distribution of the Ministry of Consumer Affairs Food and Public Distribution. Located in Kalyanpur Kanpur Uttar Pradesh India it provides technical education and training in research in all branches of sugar chemistry sugar technology sugar engineering and allied fields.
 Saint Michael Catholic Academy is an art-focused school in Thornhill Ontario. This Roman Catholic school is operated by the York District Catholic School Board.
 Rose L.
 Aichi Gakusen University (愛知学泉大学 aichi gakusen daigaku) is a private university with campuses in Okazaki Aichi and Toyota Aichi Japan. The school was established in 1966 as a women's college. Later it became co-educational.
 Military Collegiate School Khulna(MCSK)In Bengali:মিলিটারি কলেজিয়েট স্কুল খুলনা(এম সি এস কে)Category:School/CollegeLocation:PhultalaKhulnaBangladeshhttp://www.mcsk.edu.bdMCSK is a fully residential institution which is administered by Bangladesh Army and directly supervised by Area Commander Jessore Area. The institution follows the syllabus of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board Jessore.
 St Anne's Catholic High School for Girls is an all-girls Catholic secondary school located in London England which was founded to provide education for Catholic girls aged 11–18. It is situated in Enfield and is the best non-selective school in the borough.
 Kolej Tunku Kurshiah (Tunku Kurshiah College) or better known as TKC Malay name Maktab Perempuan Melayu is a premier boarding school located in Seremban Negeri Sembilan. TKC is the most popular all-girls residential school (Sekolah Berasrama Penuh) and the first fully residential girls' school in Malaysia. The students in the school bears the name Kurshiah.
 Westview High School is a public high school in Portland Oregon United States in the Beaverton School District. It opened in 1994 and its first graduating class was in June 1996.
 Collège Saint Marc is a French Roman Catholic school in Alexandria Egypt. The school is located in the Shatby neighborhood at downtown Alexandria.Collège Saint Marc was founded in 1928 by the Lassalian Brothers (Frères des Ecoles Chrétiennes) to be the second Lassalian school in Alexandria after Ecole Sainte Catherine. Collège Saint Marc was inaugurated on 6 October 1928 by H.M. King Fuad I.
 Dickinson High School is a public high school located in Dickinson North Dakota. It currently serves about 890 students and is a part of the Dickinson Public Schools system.
 Crown College was a small for-profit predominantly online college located in Tacoma Washington. Crown College lost its educational accreditation on July 31 2007 and it suspended operations on August 10 2007.
 Walter C. Young Middle School is a middle school located in Pembroke Pines Florida.The school's 8th grade 2006 eCybermission team (Chris Pannier Matias Kaplan Zachary Adler Matthew Jacobs and their adviser Mrs. Mark) took first place at the national level.For several years running the 6th 7th and 8th grade math teams have been champions at the county level.[citation needed]
 Unionville High School (known locally as UHS) is a public high school of the York Region District School Board in Ontario Canada. It is located west of the community of Unionville in the city of Markham. The school is located next to the local municipal offices and the Apple Creek Business Park.Unionville High School is most well known for its enriched arts program Arts York. The school was purpose-built to house this regional arts program therefore it has enhanced arts facilities.
 The Jewish Day School of Metropolitan Seattle (JDS) is the oldest community Jewish day school in the Pacific Northwest. Adopted in 2012 JDS's mission is to provide an exceptional education that empowers Jewish children to be confident wise and compassionate upstanders who are committed to life-long learning and community stewardship. JDS offers an integrated curriculum of Judaic studies and general studies focusing on the whole student from Pre-Kindergarten to Grade 8.
 Lady Hawkins High School and Sixth Form College is a small secondary school and sixth form with academy status situated in the market town of Kington in north west Herefordshire.The school comprises three 'houses' and the smallest Sixth Form College in Herefordshire.In 2006 the Sixth Form College was threatened with closure but for now it remains.Sports played at Lady Hawkins include:HockeyRugbyCricketChess.
 ACT College was a private career college in northern Virginia. specializing in Allied health career training. On April 3 2012 ACT College's website announced that the college was now closed. The college had been on the U.S. Department of Education’s list of institutions with low financial responsibility scores. The school was denied approval to continue to receive federal aid in March 2012.
 S.Z.Gzhytskiy National Veterinary and Biotech University of Lviv is a public university located in Lviv Ukraine.Post address: 79010 Ukraine Lviv vul. Pekarska 50.
 The College of General Studies offers a two-year general education core curriculum within Boston University. CGS is constructed in team system that limits the number of students in sections. The core curriculum is an interdisciplinary course of study taught by full-time Boston University faculty that all have attained PhD's. CGS freshmen are the second-largest incoming class of Boston University's ten undergraduate schools and colleges (next to the College of Arts and Sciences).
 Antwerp High School is a public high school in Antwerp Ohio. It is the only high school in the Antwerp Local School District. Their nickname is the Archers. They are a member of the Green Meadows Conference.
 Colegio Hispano Chileno El Pilar (English: El Pilar Spanish-Chilean School) is a Chilean high school located in Rancagua Cachapoal Province Chile.
 Kisii School Kisii High School is a public National boy’s school which is a non profit public institution established in 1934 (by the Young Kavirondo Association) to provide secondary education to young pupils. Immediately after the Colonial Government become interested in education following the Phelps-Stokes Commission report of 1925 Kisii School started in 1934 as Government African School (GAS). The local Native Council of South Kavirondo raised the funds.
 George Heriot's School is a leading Scottish independent primary and secondary school on Lauriston Place in the Old Town of Edinburgh Scotland with over 1600 pupils 155 teaching staff and 80 non-teaching staff. It is recognised as one of the leading schools in the UK in terms of academic results extra-curricular provision and bursarial and foundation support. It was established in 1628 as George Heriot's Hospital by bequest of the royal goldsmith George Heriot and opened in 1659.
 The Church Educational System (CES) of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) consists of several institutions that provide religious and secular education for both Latter-day Saint and non-Latter-day Saint elementary secondary and post-secondary students and adult learners. Approximately 700000 individuals were enrolled in CES programs in 146 countries in 2011.
 Basic Education High School No. 8 Mandalay (Burmese: အခြေခံ ပညာ အထက်တန်း ကျောင်း အမှတ် (၈) မန္တလေး; formerly St. Joseph's Convent School) is a public high school in downtown Mandalay Myanmar. The all-girls school offers classes from kindergarten to Tenth Standard to about 3600 students.
 St. Patrick's High School located in Ottawa Ontario Canada is a Catholic high school publicly funded under the Ontario school system as part of the Ottawa Catholic School Board. It was founded in 1929 by the Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate.
 Chipley High School is a public high school located at 1545 Brickyard Road in Chipley Florida. The school's teams compete as the Tigers. Chipley High School has dress code restrictions but there is no required school uniform. It is part of the Washington County School District in Washington County Florida.
 Dr. MGR-Janaki College of Arts and Science for Women is a college for women in the Sathyabama MGR Maligai Campus in Chennai. Janaki Ramachandran former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu help found the college in memory of her husband Bharat Ratna Dr. M.G. Ramachandran with support from Shri. NPV Ramaswamy Udayar Founder-Chancellor Sri Ramachandra University; Shri.N.C.Ragavachari Senior Advocate High Court of Madras; and other well wishers.
 Toltecalli High School is a public charter high school in Tucson Arizona. It is operated by CPLC Community Schools.
 St. Jean Baptiste High School is an all-girls private Roman Catholic high school located on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City. It is located within the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York.
 Southwest Magnet High School also known as Southwest-Macon and Southwest Magnet High School and Law Academy is a high school in Macon Georgia serving students in grades 9–12. It is a unit of the Bibb County Public School System.In the 1970s Macon residents often claimed that Southwest was the largest high school in the United States in both campus size and attendance numbers.
 The Laurier School of Business & Economics is one of Canada's largest business schools. With more than 5000 students overall it is the largest faculty at Wilfrid Laurier University. The main campus is located in Waterloo Ontario Canada - the heart of Canada's Technology Triangle 100 km (62 mi) west of Toronto - and offers full-time and part-time PhD MBA Master's Economics BBA Bachelor's and Diploma programs. Laurier business also has a second part-time MBA campus located in the St.
 Amesbury School is the only co-educational independent prep school in the Hindhead/Haslemere area educating pupils between the ages of 2 to 13. It is located in Surrey England. Founded in 1870 Amesbury is the oldest preparatory school in the Farnham/Hindhead/Haslemere area. The main building was designed by Sir Edwin Lutyens and stands on a 34-acre (140000 m2) estate in the heart of the Surrey countryside. The current Headmaster is Nigel Taylor.
 The Future Ocean is a Cluster of Excellence founded in November 2006 in line with the German excellence initiative by the Christian-Albrechts-Universität zu Kiel (CAU) the Muthesius Kunsthochschule (MKHS) the Institut für Weltwirtschaft (IfW) and the Helmholtz-Zentrum für Ozeanforschung (GEOMAR). It is an interdisciplinary marine research group and it is funded by the German Research Foundation (DFG).
 Leo Hayes High School is a public high school in Fredericton New Brunswick Canada serving students between grades 9 and 12 on the city's north side. The school's motto is Dreams are the Seedlings of Reality.
 South Bromsgrove High School (SBHS) is a co-educational comprehensive secondary school in Bromsgrove Worcestershire England. It is located opposite the housing estate of Charford. The school delivers to GCSE and A level students from an area between Alvechurch and Malvern with around 1350 students on roll.
 Mullen High School (formerly J.K. Mullen High School) is a Roman Catholic Brothers of the Christian Schools college-preparatory high school in Denver Colorado. It is run independently within the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Denver.
 The Tiffin Girls' School is an all-girls grammar school located in Kingston upon Thames south-west London England. The school moved from voluntary aided status to became an academy school on 1 April 2011. The school lies in over nine acres on the east side of Richmond Road.
 The Academy of Technical Training (Arabic: أكاديمية التدريب الفني) is a privately owned institution which provides training programs in aviation security and safety air traffic control and management of aircraft accidents. The curriculum and courses are accredited and certified by the General Civil Aviation Authority.
 The City School Khairpur Branch is the part of The City School Network. The City School is spread throughout Pakistan. The City School is established in the city of Khairpur under the umbrella of The City School Network. It offers classes as Primary Middle to Metric. The City School Khairpur Branch runs British Curriculum provides high standard education and best teaching process to their Citizens. .
 Motiram Baburam Govt. Post Graduate College (Hindi: मोतीराम बाबूराम राजकिय स्नातकोत्तर महाविद्यालय) is leading government college in Kumaun University situated in Haldwani Nainital Uttarakhand India. Established in 1960 the college is serving the largest catchment area of the state of in Shivalik foothills. The college draws passouts from over 50 intermediate colleges in Nainital district.MBGPG College is affiliated to Kumaun University Nainital.
 Cams Hill School is a medium-sized mixed secondary school with five tiers of entry (ages 11-16) located in Shearwater Avenue in Fareham England. Along with The Henry Cort Community College and Neville Lovett Community School it is one of the three main state schools which serve the town of Fareham Hampshire.
 San Fernando College is a Chilean high school located in San Fernando Colchagua Province Chile.
 KTVR Knowledge Park for Engineering and Technology(KTVR KPET) located at Coimbatore Tamilnadu India is a private self-financing engineering institute. The college is approved by AICTE and is affiliated to the Anna University. The college was established in 2008.
 Isidore Newman School is a private nondenominational co-educational college preparatory school located on an 11-acre (45000 m2) campus in the Uptown section of New Orleans Louisiana.
 Village Christian School (VCS) is a private Christian K-12 school located in Sun Valley California a part of the City of Los Angeles. It was founded in 1949 by members of Village Church in nearby Burbank. Their mascot is the Crusaders. The school has about 1000 students. The school's foundations are deeply rooted in Christianity with mandatory Bible classes and Chapel attendance.
 Covington High School is a public high school in Covington Louisiana United States. It is located in Saint Tammany Parish Public Schools.The school serves residents of Covington Folsom Sun and some unincorporated areas in Saint Tammany Parish including Bush.
 The University of Applied Languages (German: Hochschule für Angewandte Sprachen) is a private university is a part of the Sprachen & Dolmetscher Institut Munich (Munich Institute of Language and Interpretation). It began its teaching activity in the winter term of 2007/2008.It currently offers four programmes leading to a B.A. degree and three programmes that finish with a M.A. degree all of which are situated in the field of Applied Linguistics.
 Mount Hermon Female Seminary (1875-1924) in Clinton Mississippi was a historically black institution of higher education for women.Founded in 1875 by Sarah Ann Dickey the school was patterned after Dickey's alma mater Mount Holyoke Female Seminary (now Mount Holyoke College).
 Sacred Heart High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Hallettsville Texas. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Victoria in Texas.
 Erindale Secondary School is a public high school located in the Erin Mills community of Mississauga Ontario Canada.The architectural exterior of the school is almost an exact copy of Lincoln M. Alexander Secondary School which is located in Malton (North-East Mississauga). However the interios of both schools are significantly different.
 Mymensingh Girls' Cadet College Bengali: ময়মনসিংহ গার্লস ক্যাডেট কলেজ is a military high school for girls located in Mymensingh town Bangladesh near Charpara.
 The University of Saint Joseph is a Roman Catholic comprehensive institution of higher education and an undergraduate women's college with a coeducational graduate program. It is located in West Hartford Connecticut United States and was founded in 1932 by the Sisters of Mercy of Connecticut.
 CPLC Community Schools is an operator of two charter high schools in Tucson Arizona. It has some 300 students and 17 faculty members. It is an affiliate of Chicanos Por La Causa. The current school superintendent of the district is Vicente Fuertes. As of 2007 CPLC Community Schools has approximately 317 students and approximately 17 faculty members. Hiaki High School were founded in association with the Pascua Yaqui Native American tribe.
 Cheongju University is a private university located in Cheongju City the capital of North Chungcheong province South Korea. The current president is Kim Yoon Bae.
 Brien McMahon High School is a secondary school located in Norwalk Connecticut USA. It is named after Brien McMahon a former United States Senator from Norwalk. The school's mascot is a Senator with the school colors being red white and blue. The school's first senior class graduated in 1962. The current principal is Suzanne Brown Koroshetz.Brien McMahon High School's crosstown rival is Norwalk High School. The two schools compete in an annual Thanksgiving Day football game.
 Springfield Local School District is a school district in Northwest Ohio. The school district serves students who live in the Village of Holland and Springfield Twp. as well as portions of Maumee Toledo and Monclova Twp. in Lucas County. The superintendent is Kathryn Hott.
 Olivet Nazarene University (ONU) is a Christian liberal arts university located in the village of Bourbonnais Illinois United States. Named for Olivet Illinois ONU was originally established as a grammar school in east-central Illinois in 1907. It is affiliated with the Church of the Nazarene and is the annual site of the Church's Regional Celebrate Life youth gathering for the Central USA Region. It is one of the largest members of the Council for Christian Colleges and Universities.
 Blue Valley North High School is a fully accredited public high school located in Overland Park Kansas serving students in grades 9-12. The school is one of the five currently-operated high schools in the Blue Valley School District. The principal is David Stubblefield and the assistant principals are Mickey Masterson Shannon Adams and Dr. Tyson Ostroski. The school colors are navy blue and silver. Blue Valley North is a two-time Blue Ribbon School.
 The Shanghai Institute of Technology (SIT; Chinese: 上海应用技术学院) is a high-leveled multi-disciplined application-oriented full-time tertiary education institution in Shanghai People's Republic of China.Shanghai Institute of Technology (SIT) is a high-levelled multi-disciplined application-oriented full-time institution of tertiary education.
 Herrick Presbyterian Covenant School is a grade 1 through 10 Christian school in Herrick Tasmania.The education students receive at Herrick Presbyterian Covenant School is based on the Word of God as summarized in the Westminster Confession of Faith. The school states that  Herrick Christian School seeks to provide the best in Covenant Christian education.
 St. John's College (or St. John's Seminary) was a Catholic seminary founded in 1807 for the diocese of Waterford and Lismore founded by Bishop John Power DD. It was one of many seminaries founded in Ireland following the reliefs of the penal laws by the Catholic Relief Bill. The college was formed out of two schools one a classical school of Rev. Thomas Flynn DD the other an Academy of Dr.
 Alec Reed Academy is a coeducational all-through school and sixth form with academy status located in the Northolt area of the London Borough of Ealing England. The school operates nursery primary secondary and sixth form departments for pupils ages 3 to 19.Walford Secondary School was founded in 1955 as a secondary modern school for 11 to 16 year-olds; it later became Walford High School under the comprehensive system.
 Port Allegany School District is a small rural Public school district located in McKean County and Potter County Pennsylvania United States. Geographically the district is situated in the north-central-west part of the state. The district bridges two counties: McKean County and Potter County. Port Allegany School District encompasses an area of about 169 square miles (440 km2).
 Melksham Oak Community School is a mixed comprehensive school in Melksham Wiltshire for students aged 11 to 18.
 The Alta-Dutch Flat School District is a school district in Placer County California.It currently maintains two schools one in Alta California and one in Emigrant Gap California. Emigrant Gap Elementary School District was consolidated with Alta-Dutch Flat Elementary School District in 2001. Alta-Dutch Flat School was recognized as a California Distinguished School in 2004. Alta-Dutch Flat School had 8 teachers in 2005 a decrease from 11 in 2003.
 Garland Junior College (1872-1976) was a liberal arts women's college in Boston Massachusetts. Mary Garland established the Garland Kindergarten Training School in 1872 on Chestnut Street in Boston's Beacon Hill. By 1903 the school had expanded its curriculum to include home economics and was renamed the Garland School of Homemaking.
 The Technical University of Moldova (Romanian: Universitatea Tehnică a Moldovei) is a higher technical educational institution located in the Republic of Moldova and is the only such institute in the country to be accredited by the state.
 The University of the Philippines College of Social Work and Community Development (UP-CSWCD) was initiated as a Social Welfare Section within the Department of Sociology and Social Welfare in 1950 in the then College of Liberal Arts of the University of the Philippines Diliman.
 St. Patrick's High School more commonly known as St. Patrick School or SPS is a private Roman Catholic high school in Maysville Kentucky. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Covington. It houses grades K-12 with an enrollment of 150 in Elementary and 124 in High School.
 Holy Name High School was a four-year comprehensive coeducational Roman Catholic preparatory/secondary school located in Reading Pennsylvania. It was approved and accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the Diocese of Allentown.
 New Smyrna Beach High School (NSBHS) is a high school located in New Smyrna Beach Florida. Their mascot is the Barracuda which is most commonly referred to as the Cuda. The high school opened in 1963 on what is now called Barracuda Boulevard. In the fall of 2006 NSBHS opened their new location approximately 3 miles from the old school at 1015 10th Street just down the road from New Smyrna Beach Middle School. The school has been named a Blue Ribbon School of Excellence.
 Tokyo University of Marine Science and Technology (東京海洋大学 Tōkyō Kaiyō Daigaku) is a national university in Japan. The main campus (Shinagawa Campus) is located in Minato Tokyo and another campus (Etchujima Campus) is in Koto Tokyo.
 DIS – Danish Institute for Study Abroad (DIS) is a Danish study abroad program founded in 1959. It is a non-profit organization promoting international university-level education and exchange.
 Our Lady of Fatima Convent High School is a convent school located in the city of Patiala in Punjab India. The school is run by Catholic nuns who live on the school campus itself.
 Quinsigamond Community College (colloq: QCC Quinsig) is a public two-year academic institution in Worcester Massachusetts. A commuter school the college has an enrollment of over 8000 students in its Associate's degree and certification programs. A number of students are enrolled in transfer programs with the intent of continuing on to a four-year college or university often the University of Massachusetts Amherst or Worcester State University through guaranteed-acceptance programs.
 St Louis Grammar School is a school in Ballymena Northern Ireland.The school was established in 1924 as the convent of nuns from the St. Louis Order opened their doors to local girls. In 1970 the first boys were admitted and it became co-educational.
 The University of Technology Iraq is one of Iraq's largest universities. It is situated in the city of Baghdad Iraq. The university is specialized in Engineering Computer Sciences and Applied Sciences and Technologies. It was founded in 1964.
 The Borneo Tarakan University or Universitas Borneo Tarakan is a public university located in Tarakan East Kalimantan Indonesia. The university was founded in October 9 1999 as a private school and had its acknowledgement on March 30 2000 by a decree issued by Pinekindi Foundation number 011/YP/TRK/III/2000.
 Erciyes University is a Turkish institute of higher education located in Kayseri Turkey. As of 4 April 2006 a total of 28474 students were studying for their bachelors degree and postgraduate studies.
 Stranmillis University College is a university college of Queen's University Belfast. The institution is located on the Stranmillis Road in Belfast and has approximately 700 students today and offers the BEd PGCE and TESOL as well as other courses.
 The Mercer University Health Sciences Center opened on July 1 2012. The Health Sciences Center has campuses in Macon Atlanta Savannah and Columbus in the U.S. state of Georgia.The Mercer University board of trustees established the Health Sciences Center on April 20 2012.
 Pionier Boys' School is a school for children with learning difficulties. It is situated in the Dorado Park suburb of Windhoek the capital of Namibia. The only other school in Windhoek that caters for students with general learning difficulties is Eros School for Girls although there are other schools for children with specific handicaps such as hearing and visual impairments.Pionier Boys' School was established in 1955. There are 400 learners and 36 teachers at the school.
 Castle View School is a comprehensive school for ages 11–16 located on Canvey Island in Essex England overlooking Hadleigh Downs. As of 2006 it has some 900 pupils and 200 staff.Castle View School's current Headteacher is Mrs Gill Thomas. The Deputy Headteacher is Jonathan Newby and the Assistant Headteachers are: Mr. D. Ford Mr. A. Taylor Mr. A. Sappong Ms. J. Fletcher Mrs. K. McKenzie Mr. D. Boughtwood and the School Business Manager Mr. K.
 The Ilocos Sur Polytechnic State College is a public college in the Philippines. It is mandated to provide professional and technical training both in the undergraduate and the graduate levels in the fields of economics agriculture fishery trade home industry engineering education forest research and conservation management finance accounting and business administration public administration and other fields. It is also mandated to promote scientific and technological researches.
 The University Marine Biological Station Millport (UMBSM) was a higher education institute located on the island of Great Cumbrae in the Firth of Clyde Scotland run by the University of London (of which it is a central academic body). It closed in 2013 and is now Millport Field Centre run by Field Studies Council.Located just outside the town it has an interesting curriculum and research programme with an influx of students throughout the academic year.
 The Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI) is an autonomous foundation located in New Delhi India. The foundation was created as a public-private initiative and launched by the Prime minister of India Manmohan Singh in 2006 with the aim of enhancing the capacity of public health professionals in the country over five to seven years. The PHFI initiative was collaboratively developed over two years under the leadership of Rajat Gupta (Former Sr.
 Northeastern University (NEU; simplified Chinese: 东北大学; traditional Chinese: 東北大學; pinyin: Dōngběi Dàxué) is a public university in the city of Shenyang Liaoning Province China. With an annual enrollment of over 20000 students it is one of China's high level universities designated for the state key construction of the 211 Project and 985 Project.
 The University of Wrocław (UWr) (Polish: Uniwersytet Wrocławski; German: Universität Breslau; Latin: Universitas Wratislaviensis) is a public research university located in Wrocław Poland.
 With the motto of faith hope and love the Goyang Foreign Language High School was established in March 2002. Currently students select one of four majors: English Chinese Japanese or Spanish.
 Troy University is a comprehensive public university that is located in Troy Alabama United States. It was founded on February 26 1887 as Troy State Normal School within the Alabama State University System by an Act of the Alabama Legislature. It is the flagship university of the Troy University System with its main campus enrollment of 9000 students and the total enrollment of all Troy University campuses is 31000.
 San Diego Mesa College is a public two-year community college perched on a mesa in the Clairemont neighborhood of San Diego California in the United States. It is the largest community college in the city of San Diego and part of the San Diego Community College District along with San Diego City College San Diego Miramar College and San Diego Continuing Education. The college is known informally as Mesa College or Mesa.
 The National University of La Rioja (Spanish: Universidad Nacional de La Rioja UNLAR) is an Argentine national university situated in the city of La Rioja capital of La Rioja Province. Its precursor the Provincial University of La Rioja was established in 1972.
 Notre Dame High School is a Roman Catholic secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in Norwich England. The current Headteacher is Mr Brian Conway. The school was opened in 1864 and currently teaches around 1400 students 400 of whom are in the sixth form. The Roman Catholic Diocese of East Anglia Norfolk County Council and the Department for Education all support Notre Dame High School.
 Southside High School is one of 14 public high schools that are part of the Greenville South Carolina County Schools System. It is the first school in South Carolina to be home to an International Baccalaureate Diploma Program. Southside is also the defending state AA Boy's Basketball champions for the second year in a row. Currently it is 34th in the nation for its forensics team. Its Academic team was ranked number 2 in the nation as of last year.
 Government Nizamia Tibbi College is a unani medicine college located in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India.
 Randall K.
 The Camden School for Girls (CSG) is a comprehensive secondary school for girls with a co-educational sixth form in the London Borough of Camden in North London. It has about one thousand students of ages eleven to eighteen and specialist-school status as a Music College. The school has long been associated with the advancement of women's education.
 For other colleges with the same name see Dominican CollegeDominican College of Racine was a college in Racine Wisconsin founded in 1864 as St. Catherine's Female Academy and later known as St. Albertus Junior College (1935-1946) Dominican College (1946-1957) Dominican College of Racine (1957-1972) and College of Racine (1972-1974).
 The Central Philippines State University formerly known as Negros State College of Agriculture is a public college in the Philippines. Its main campus is located in Kabankalan.
 The Holy Spirit University of Kaslik (in French: Université Saint-Esprit de Kaslik (USEK); جامعة الرّوح القدس – الكسليك Jāmi'aẗ Al Rūḥ Al Qudus – Al Kaslīk) is a private Catholic university in Mount Lebanon founded in 1950 by the Lebanese Maronite Order (LMO). USEK is multilingual but French is the most common language at the university. The university has eleven faculties and four Institutes employing 900 teachers and and researchers. Administration is managed by a staff of 300.
 The Dubai School of Government is a research and teaching institution in Dubai United Arab Emirates which focuses on public policy in the Arab world. The school was established in 2005 under the patronage of HH Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum Vice President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates and Ruler of Dubai. The founding Executive Dean was Yassar Jarrar.
 Morrow High School is the eastern most secondary school in Clayton County United States. Part of Clayton County Public Schools it is located in Morrow Georgia at 2299 Old Rex Morrow Road. The school's teams are known as the Mustangs..
 Tarek ibn Ziyad Academy (TIZA) was an elementary school (K-8) in Inver Grove Heights Minnesota named after Tarek ibn Ziyad the Berber general of medieval Morocco who entered Gibraltar in 711 CE on behalf of the Umayyad Caliphate and defeated the Visigoths. The school is sponsored by Islamic Relief USA. The school has a primarily Muslim student body and has been embroiled in a number of controversies regarding the separation of church and state. The school has a waiting list of 1500 students.
 Armstrong High School part of the Richmond Public Schools system is a high school located in Richmond Virginia with grades 9-12. Known at first as the Richmond Colored Normal School Armstrong was the first public school in Richmond the former capital of the Confederacy for African American students (see racial segregation).
 The Holy Spirit School of Tagbilaran (HSS) most commonly known simply as Holy Spirit or madre is a private Catholic secondary co-educational institution in Tagbilaran City Bohol Philippines. It is run by the Missionary Sisters Servants of the Holy Spirit also known as the SSpS congregation or Holy Spirit Sisters. It has preparatory elementary and high school departments.
 Ancaster High School is a member of the Hamilton-Wentworth District School Board. The school's enrollment for 2009-2010 is 990 with Korean Urdu Mandarin Russian Spanish and Arabic being languages of note spoken by students along with English.
 Islamic Azad University of Anzali (Persian: دانشگاه آزاد اسلامي واحد انزلی‎) was established in Bandar-e Anzali in 1999 (1378H).It started its activities with only 120 students.
 Biggar High School (Local education authority: South Lanarkshire) is a secondary school located in the town of Biggar South Lanarkshire.It is a mixed secondary school of non-denominational religion. The current headteacher is Robert Stewart. The school was most recently inspected by HMIe in November 2007 and generally performed well. In 2008-2009 a new Biggar High School was erected.
 Mountainburg High School is a comprehensive public high school in Mountainburg Arkansas United States. Mountainburg is one of five public high schools in Crawford County and the sole high school of the Mountainburg School District. The high school serves more than 200 students in grades 9 through 12.
 Theodore Roosevelt High School (RHS) is located in Fresno California. It is a high school established within the Fresno Unified School District. The high school mascot is the Rough Rider (in physical form it is a horse) named after the 1st U.S. Volunteer Cavalry Regiment Theodore Roosevelt organized and helped command during the Spanish-American War. The high school's colors are green and gold. The school was opened in 1928 and was both a junior and senior high school.
 Sweet Water High School is a public high school that educates grades K–12 in the town of Sweet Water Alabama United States. It is one of four K–12 schools operated by the Marengo County School District. Sweet Water High School is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. Enrollment for the 2010-2011 school year was 705.
 City University of Hong Kong (Abbreviation: CityU; Chinese: 香港城市大學) is a public research university located in Tat Chee Avenue Kowloon Tong Kowloon which was originally founded in 1984 as City Polytechnic of Hong Kong and became a fully accredited university later in 1994.CityU offers over 50 bachelor's degree programmes within three colleges and three schools: Business Liberal Arts and Social Sciences Science and Engineering and the School of Creative Media School of Law and School of Energy and Environment. 
 Carmichael College is an educational institution in Rangpur Bangladesh. It was established in 10th of November 1916 and was named after Thomas David Baron Carmichael of Skirling.
 Wyższa Szkoła Biznesu – National-Louis University is a university in Poland. Founded in 1991 it is located in Nowy Sącz. The university emphasizes English and business and management education. It also has programs in computer science political science psychology social work and MBA. In addition to Polish accreditation several of its programs are also fully accredited in the United States of America.
 Bellevue West High School is a public secondary school located in Bellevue Nebraska with about 1250 students. The principal is Kevin Rohlfs. The school's athletic teams are the Thunderbirds; and their school colors are purple gold and white. The school's cross-town rival is Bellevue East.Bellevue West is accredited by the North Central Association Commission on Accreditation and School Improvement.
 West High School is a high school located in Denver Colorado. It is part of the Denver Public Schools System. West High School is located in the Lincoln Park neighborhood of the original section of West Denver.
 Kalsbeek College is a secondary school in the village of Woerden Netherlands. The school consists out of two different locations teaching all forms of Dutch secondary education. The location Schilderspark is located on the Jozef Israëlslaan and the and location Bredius on the Van kempensingel. The school won in 2012 the 538 Schoolawards an election by the Dutch radio station Radio 538.
 St. Margaret's Co-educational English Secondary and Primary School (Chinese: 聖瑪加利男女英文中小學) is a co-educational secondary and primary school in Hong Kong. It was established by the St. Margaret's Educational Organization a Catholic religious-teaching educational organization.St. Margaret's Co-ed is one of the limited number of schools in Hong Kong that teaches in English.
 Hwa Chong Institution Boarding School is a boarding school in Singapore.The boarding school began its operations in 2002 and was officially opened in 2003 by then deputy prime minister Mr. Lee Hsien Loong.
 The Human-Computer Interaction Institute (HCII) is a department within the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It is considered to be one of the leading centers of human-computer interaction researchand was named one of the top ten most innovative schools in information technology by Computer World in 2008.
 The UCL Mullard Space Science Laboratory (MSSL) is the United Kingdom's largest university space research group. MSSL is the Department of Space and Climate Physics of the University College London. UCL was one of the first universities in the world to conduct space research.
 Beaver Dam High School is a secondary school located in Beaver Dam Arizona. The school serves grades nine through twelve. It is part of the Littlefield Unified School District.
 The UIC College of Business Administration (CBA) is the business school at the University of Illinois at Chicago.The college is divided amongst four subject-area departments: Accounting Finance Information and Decision Sciences Managerial Studies (Entrepreneurship Management and Marketing)Undergraduate and graduate degrees are conferred through the College of Business Administration and Liautaud Graduate School of Business respectively.
 Jackson Technology Center is a public middle school located in Garland Texas (USA). Jackson Technology Center enrolls students in grades 6-8 and is a part of the Garland Independent School District.In 2009 the school was rated academically acceptable by the Texas Education Agency.
 Tuscarora High School is a secondary school located at 5312 Ballenger Creek Pike just south of the corporate boundaries of Frederick MD the second-largest city in Maryland USA.
 Institut Monte Rosa commonly referred to as ‘Monte Rosa’ or ‘Monte’ is an international boarding school near Montreux Switzerland. This institution numbers among the first established Swiss Schools and has won its reputation over more than a century through constantly driving progress forward in the field of sound teaching methods designed to meet ever-evolving educational requirements.
 Carbondale Community High School is a public high school located in Carbondale Illinois United States. It serves grades 9-12 and is part of its own school district having at least five different feeder schools. Carbondale Community High School has 1214 students.
 Free Polish University (Polish: Wolna Wszechnica Polska) founded in 1918 in Warsaw was a private high school with different departments: mathematics and natural sciences humanities political sciences and social pedagogy.From 1929 its degrees were equivalent to those of university.In the years 1919-1939 the institution employed 70-80 professors. In the academic year 1938/39 educated about 3000 students.
 Nightingale College located in Ogden Utah is solely dedicated to educating registered nurses. The College is a proprietary post-secondary institution and offers one education program the Associate Degree Nursing (ADN) Program.
 The High Altitude Warfare School (HAWS) is a training and research establishment of the Indian Army. It trains Indian Army personnel in high altitude mountain warfare and develops ideas and techniques for fighting in such difficult terrain. It is the one of the best mountain warfare training schools in the world.
 John Cabot Catholic Secondary School is located in Mississauga Ontario Canada. It is a Catholic high school in the Dufferin-Peel Catholic District School Board. The school mascot is the Colt.
 Tokyo City University (東京都市大学 Tōkyō toshi daigaku) often called Toshi-dai (都市大) for short is a private university in Japan.The institute has four campuses the Setagaya campus in Oyamadai Setagaya Tokyo being the main campus. The other three campuses are the Yokohama campus located in Tsuzuki-ku Yokohama the Ōzenji campus located in Asao-ku Kawasaki and the Todoroki campus located in Setagaya Tokyo.
 St. John's School is a public English Primary and Secondary school located in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu Quebec Canada.
 Broomfield School is a country school in North Canterbury New Zealand approximately 10 minutes drive West of Amberley.
 Little Munden Primary School is a Church of England voluntary controlled primary school in the village of Dane End near Ware in Hertfordshire. It is a one-form entry school educating boys and girls aged between four and 11 years. There are four classes organised by age. The school roll varies but is generally between 85 and 100.
 Shafston International College is a private education institution for international students located in Brisbane Australia. It offers certificate diploma and English language programs.Shafston was established in 1996 and has grown rapidly with over 50000 students having attended since its inception.
 Gilbert H. Hood Middle School also known as Hood GHH or GHHMS is a middle school in Derry New Hampshire in the United States. It currently has about 950 students and serves grades 6 through 8.
 African Bible University (Uganda) (ABU) is a private Christian university in Uganda.
 Lord Botetourt High School (LBHS) is one of two high schools in Botetourt County Virginia. It was built in 1958 in suburban Daleville Virginia opening the fall of 1959. It currently has 73 faculty members serving over 1000 students grades 9-12. LB as it is commonly known is named after Lord Botetourt the governor of Virginia from 1768 to 1770. LB's athletic teams are known as the Cavaliers and the school colors are Scarlet Gray and White.
 Polyvalente A.-J.-Savoie is a Francophone high school in Saint-Quentin New Brunswick Canada.
 St. Mary's Academy (SMA) is an independent day school in Cherry Hills Village Colorado.It was founded in 1864 by the Sisters of Loretto. SMA bestowed the first high school diploma in the Colorado Territory in 1875. It has three times been honored by the U.S. Department of Education as a School of Excellence also known as a Blue Ribbon School.
 St. Thomas Aquinas High School (abbreviated STA) is a private Catholic high school located in Louisville Ohio USA run by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Youngstown. It was founded in 1964 to serve the Catholic families of eastern Stark County and parts of Portage County.
 South Eugene High School is a public high school located in Eugene Oregon United States.
 Lakefield College School (sometimes called LCS The Grove or simply Lakefield) is a private boarding school located north of the village of Lakefield Ontario. It was the first Canadian member of Round Square an international affiliation of schools.Lakefield College School has the volunteer support of Prince Andrew Duke of York a member of the British Royal Family and the Canadian Royal Family who graduated from Lakefield in 1978.
 The University of Piura (UDEP) is a private university in Peru. It has two campuses the main one is in Piura while a more recently built one is located in the Miraflores District of Lima.In 1964 Josemaría Escrivá founder of Opus Dei at a meeting with professors from the University of Navarra in Spain decided to create a new university. It was founded by St. Josemaría Escrivá de Balaguer and in 1969 it was officially recognized as a university.
 The Mifflin County School District is a midsized rural public school district located in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The district boundaries coincide with the boundaries of Mifflin County minus the southwestern muicipalities of Kistler and Newton Hamilton boroughs and Wayne Township which are part of the Mount Union Area School District. Mifflin County School District encompasses approximately 362.3 square miles.
 San Clemente High School is a Catholic high school in the area of Mayfield Newcastle New South Wales Australia.
 Redfield College is an independent primary and secondary school for boys from years 2 to 12 located in Dural New South Wales Australia. The school was founded in 1986 and is run by the Parents for Education Foundation (PARED).Each student receives a personal tutor selected from the teaching staff.
 Santa Ana High School is the oldest and largest high school in Orange County California United States. The school was established in 1889.
 Pope John XXIII High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Everett Massachusetts in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston.The school was established in 1965. It is an independent coeducational Catholic college preparatory school serving metro-Boston that provides young men and women with a college preparatory education.
 Brojomohan College (Bengali: ব্রজমোহন কলেজ) or BM College is one of the oldest institutions of higher education in Bangladesh. It is located in the town of Barisal in south-western Bangladesh.
 Otsego Local School District is a school district in Northwest Ohio. The school district serves students who live in the cities of Tontogany Haskins Luckey Grand Rapids and Weston Ohio in Wood County. The superintendent is Adam Koch.
 The American School of Madrid (or ASM) is a private school that is located on the outskirts of Madrid Spain European Union.It is an independent school and non-profit mixed with the teachings of the college-type school the school offers an educational program of preparation for the 12th grade school.
 Bloxham School also called All Saints' School is an independent co-educational day and boarding school located in the village of Bloxham three miles (5 km) from the town of Banbury in Oxfordshire England. It was founded in 1860 by the Reverend Philip Reginald Egerton and has since become a member of the Woodard Corporation. The current headmaster is Paul Sanderson who took over from Mark Allbrook in 2013. The school has approximately 420 pupils.Bloxham is a member of the HMC.
 The Malabar Christian College or MCC at Kozhikode in Kerala is one of the oldest and renowned co-ed institutions in the city. It was established in the year 1909 by Protestant Christian missionaries from Basel Switzerland with the aim to impart education to the youth in Malabar region without discrimination. MCC is managed by the Church of South India and is affiliated to the University of Calicut. It is a NAAC-accredited college.
 The Bachelor of Architecture (B.Arch.) is an undergraduate academic degree designed to satisfy the academic component of professional accreditation bodies to be followed by a period of practical training prior to professional examination and registration. It is awarded for a course of study that lasts up to five years. In some cases a B.Arch. can be undertaken after having completed a three-year generalized architectural degree plus an additional two years. .[citation needed]
 The Hood River County School District (HRCSD) is a public school district in Hood River County Oregon United States that serves the communities of Cascade Locks Hood River Odell Pine Grove and Parkdale.District headquarters are at 1011 Eugene Street in Hood River. Dan Goldman is the superintendent. Seven people serve on the school board.
 Glenvar High School is a public high school in Roanoke County Virginia. It is one of the five high schools for the Roanoke County public school system. Glenvar High School serves the western end of Roanoke County and is located in the community of Glenvar which is immediately west of Salem Virginia.
 Saint Michael's College of Laguna (SMCL) is a school in Biñan City Laguna Philippines formerly known as Biñan College. SMCL was founded by the nine Limaco sisters on August 25 1975. The school was named after the Limaco patriarch Miguel a philanthropist. Two of the Limaco sisters played key roles in its founding.
 Huntingtower School is an independent co-educational non-denominational day school and boarding school located in the eastern Melbourne suburb of Mount Waverley Victoria Australia. It is also a member of the Eastern Independent Schools of Melbourne association.
 Croydon High School is an independent day school for girls located near Croydon London England. It is one of the original schools founded by the Girls' Day School Trust.
 The Universidad Bolivariana de Venezuela (UBV English: Bolivarian University of Venezuela) is a state university in Venezuela founded in 2003 by decree of President Hugo Chávez.The UBV is a part of the Chávez government's Mission Sucre social programs which aim to provide free higher education to the poor. Consequently enrollment at the UBV is free and open to all regardless of academic qualifications prior education or even nationality.
 Rajkumar College (or RKC) in Raipur is one of the old K-12 foundation of India. RKC has buildings grounds and play fields. The estate is spread over 115 acres.
 Marlborough Royal Free Grammar School previously known as Marlborough Grammar School and King Edward's School Marlborough was a grammar school in the town of Marlborough in Wiltshire England founded in 1550.Originally for boys only the school became co-educational in 1906. Over a period of more than four hundred years it had a number of homes around Marlborough. In 1975 it was closed and its final buildings were re-used for the new St John's Marlborough comprehensive school.
 The Ellen Wilkinson School for Girls is a comprehensive foundation secondary school for 1400 girls aged 11–19 years located in the London borough of Ealing.
 The University of Sheffield (informally Sheffield University) is a research university in the city of Sheffield in South Yorkshire England. It received its royal charter in 1905 as successor to Sheffield Medical School (1828) and University College of Sheffield (1897).
 The NED University of Engineering and Technology is a public research university located in the urban area of Karachi Sindh Pakistan. It is one of the oldest institution of higher learning in Pakistan and is noted for its strong emphasis on higher learning in science and technology.Founded in 1922 as a technical project to provide training to civil engineers working in building the Sukkur Barrage the university came to its modern form after being established by the British government.
 East Valley High School (also known as EVHS) is Public High School located in Spokane Valley Washington at the corner of Sullivan and Wellesley East Valley is a large high school providing educational opportunities to approximately 1400 students in grades 9-12. Located on a scenic 40-acre (160000 m2) site the high school campus includes athletic fields two gyms tennis courts and a new fitness center.
 Our Lady of Mercy Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Fayetteville Georgia. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Atlanta.
 Wahluke High School is a public high school located in Mattawa Washington that serves 488 students in grades 9–12. 94% of the students are Hispanic while the other 6% are White.
 The University of Applied Sciences Coburg commonly called Hochschule Coburg (short Coburg University - until October 1 2011 University of Applied Sciences Coburg) re-established in 1971 is an engineering university in Coburg Northern Bavaria with more than 4400 students (as of WS 2012/13). Coburg University belongs to the category of reputed Bavarian Universities of Applied Sciences. It offers a broad scope of subjects. Young people from over 40 countries study at Coburg University.
 St Michael's Catholic School is a Catholic school in High Wycombe Buckinghamshire. The school was formed in 2011 by the amalgamation of St Bernard's a Catholic secondary school and St Augustine's a Catholic primary school. The school is dedicated to Saint Michael. It is a voluntary aided school which takes children from the age of 3 through to the age of 19.
 Oxley College is an independent co-educational secondary day school founded on Christian principles.The college takes its name from the early Australian explorer John Oxley and nestles at the foot of a hill named after him. His descendants gave permission for his family crest to be used as the basis of the college badge.
 Souhegan High School (/saʊˈhiːɡɵn/ sow-HEE-gən) is a Coalition of Essential Schools high school located in Amherst New Hampshire. Students from Amherst and Mont Vernon attend Souhegan for 9th through 12th grades. There are about 870 students and over 160 faculty members. The name is derived from the Souhegan River which adjoins the school property and the Souhegan Valley region of New Hampshire (which was in turn also named for the river).
 Ben Bolt - Palito Blanco High School is a public high school located in Ben Bolt (USA) and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. It is part of the Ben Bolt-Palito Blanco Independent School District located in central Jim Wells County and serves the students of Ben Bolt Palito Blanco and the Green Acres area. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 The Dwayne O. Andreas School of Law (also known as Barry Law) is located in Orlando Florida. The school is an academic college of Barry University in Miami Shores Florida. Barry Law offers various programs for full-time and part-time students including a three-year daytime program and a four-year extended studies program in the evening for working students.
 Bachelor of Medicine Bachelor of Surgery or in Latin: Medicinae Baccalaureus Baccalaureus Chirurgiae (abbreviated in various ways viz. MBBS or MBChB MB BS MB BChir BM BCh MB BCh MB ChB BM BS BM BMed etc.) are the two first professional undergraduate degrees awarded upon graduation from medical school in medicine and surgery by universities in various countries that follow the tradition of the United Kingdom.
 Cheung Sha Wan Catholic Secondary School (CSWCSS) (Traditional Chinese:長沙灣天主教英文中學) is a secondary school in Hong Kong. It was established in 1970 by the Catholic Diocese of Hong Kong; Christ the King Church was an affiliated body until 1 September 1999 imbursed by the Government of Hong Kong.The school is situated on Fuk Wing Street Cheung Sha Wan. The school is an EMI (English as the medium of instruction) school.
 Beladi International School Jeddah also known as BISJ is a private school in Al-Azizia Jeddah. The Owner of school is Mr. Ghamdi and the principal of school is Mr. Mubashshir Husain. Beladi was established in 2001 and works under the supervision of the Ministry of Education of Saudi Arabia with license no. 99/s. It has the staff of 51 teachers and nearly 500 students. The school has two separate branches one for boys and one for girls.Both Branches Are Very Close to each other.
 Continental Medical College (abbreviated as CMC) established in October 2006 is a private college of medicine located on Township Lahore Punjab Pakistan. It is registered with PMDC affiliated with UHS and approved by Ministry of Health. CH Rehmat Ali Memorial Trust Hospital Saira Memorial Hospital & Medicare Hospital are attached to the college as training and teaching hospital.
 Craigholme School is an independent all-girls school situated in the Pollokshields area of the South Side of Glasgow Scotland.
 Pacific High School is a high school operated by the New York City Board of Education and is located in Brooklyn New York.
 Miles Law School is a state accredited law school located in Birmingham Alabama. It is independent of Miles College.Miles Law School was founded on August 26 1974. Among the founders were Bishop C. A. Kirkendoll of the C.M.E. Church Dr. W. Clyde Williams former president of Miles College former Alabama Judge and state Senator J. Richmond Pearson and Morris Dees founder of the Southern Poverty Law Center. Graduates of the law school include Birmingham Mayor William A.
 Nitte Mahalinga Adyanthaya Memorial Institute of Technology is an autonomous engineering college in Nitte Karnataka India. It being situated in Nitte which sits on the western ghats is surrounded with the best 360 degree views nature can provide. In such a pristine atmosphere and lush green gardens is situated the 25 year old institute along with its sister institutions.
 Robert Morgan Educational Center sometimes denoted RMEC is a secondary school located at 18180 SW 122nd Avenue in Miami Florida. As a magnet school Robert Morgan sports the juxtaposition of a vocational training and classical learning environment that is unique to other schools in its region. In April 2007 Robert Morgan Educational Center received regional accreditation by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS).
 Assumption High School is a Catholic all-girls school located in Louisville Kentucky sponsored by the Sisters of Mercy of Louisville. The school has been named a U.S. Department of Education Blue Ribbon School of Excellence on three separate occasions. Assumption is one of only 41 schools in the nation and the only all-girls school in Louisville to receive this prestigious award three times.
 Wiley College is a four-year private historically black liberal arts college located on the west side of Marshall in the U.S. state of Texas.
 Gettysburg Montessori Charter School is a small public charter school in Adams County Pennsylvania. The school provides private preschool (ages 3 & 4) and public full day kindergarten through sixth grades. The school serves the central Adams County region. As a public charter school in Pennsylvania the school operates under the oversight of the Gettysburg Area School District and the Pennsylvania Department of Education.
 Battle Mountain High School is a secondary school in Eagle County Colorado. It was originally built in 1975 in the town of Eagle-Vail prior to that it was a combined middle school/high school near Battle Mountain pass. In 2010 was relocated to a new campus farther west in the town of Edwards. It continues to serve as one of Eagle County's primary high schools today. The new facility was designed by H+L Architecture of Denver Colorado.
 Moore Haven Junior Senior High School is located in Moore Haven Florida and is a Glades County Florida public school. It was established in 1968 when it was split off from a shared campus with the elementary school The school is located in a rural town on the southwestern shore of Lake Okeechobee the school serves students from Muse; Ortona; Palmdale; Crescent Acres; Horseshoe Acres; Hendry Isles; North LaBelle; Lakeport; Buckhead Ridge; and the Brighton Seminole Indian Reservation.
 Pontarddulais Comprehensive School is an 11-16 mixed comprehensive school situated in the town of Pontarddulais Wales. It is maintained by the Local Education Authority (LEA) the City and County of Swansea.
 The University of Trinity College commonly known as Trinity College and informally Trin is a college of the University of Toronto founded in 1851 by Bishop John Strachan. Trinity was intended by Strachan as a college of strong Anglican alignment after the University of Toronto severed its ties with the Church of England.
 Collège Sainte-Marie was a college in Montreal Quebec Canada. It ceased to exist in 1969 when it was merged into UQAM (Université du Québec à Montréal).
 The National Higher School of Statistics and Applied Economy in Algiers (in French: École nationale supérieure de statistique et d'économie appliquée ENSSEA d'Alger in Arabic: المدرسة الوطنية العليا للاحصاء و الاقتصاد التطبيقي) called as well AES Algiers is a public institution of higher education in Algeria.It was founded as institute of planning technics in 1970.The school is among the few institutions in the field of statistics and applied economics in Africa.
 Ashfield School is a secondary school with academy status located in Kirkby-in-Ashfield Nottinghamshire England which educates children ages 11–19.Ashfield has 3500 students split into six houses - Trent Chesterfield Thoroton Byron Hargreaves and Coates. Houses contain students from all years except those from the sixth form.September 2007 saw the opening of a multi-million pound post-16 centre offering A-level courses as well as vocational studies.
 The school is situated on the Anoopshahr Road near Jamalpur Railway Crossing approximately 5 km from Aligarh Railway Station Aligarh.The school prepares students for All India Secondary/Sr. Sec. School Examination (Class X/XII) conducted by Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) Delhi. It also caters for separate residential facilities to Boys and Girls from classes VI to XII.
 University College for Women is a constituent women's college of Osmania University located in Koti Hyderabad AP India.
 Adab High School in Isfahan Iran was established in the early 20th century by British Anglican missionaries as an all-boys school. It was later converted to a secular school under the direction of Isa Sadiq (a man of letters and Minister of Education) and under the administration of Sayyid Yahya DowlatAbadi. Adab High School was the only all-boys high school in Isfahan with its own swimming pool and soccer field.
 San Jacinto College is a community college in the Greater Houston area in the U.S. state of Texas.Established in 1961 San Jacinto College originally consisted of the areas of Channelview ISD Deer Park ISD Galena Park ISD La Porte ISD and Pasadena ISD. The College now also serves Sheldon ISD and portions of Clear Creek ISD and Humble ISD. San Jacinto College headquarters are located in Pasadena.
 Norma Dorsey Elementary School is a public elementary school located in Rowlett Texas (USA). Dorsey Elementary School enrolls students in grades K-5 and is a part of the Garland Independent School District.In 2009 the school was rated exemplary by the Texas Education Agency.
 Newton International School is a school located in Doha Qatar. Newton International School (also known as NIS) was founded in September 2007. Now there are four branches in the city of Doha Lagoon being the most modern and master branch. NIS has a student body of over 1200 students from 50 nationalities.
 Buffalo Academy of the Sacred Heart is a Roman Catholic Sisters of St. Francis of Penance and Christian Charity private high school for young women located in Eggertsville New York United States. It is operated independent of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Buffalo.
 Moscow State University of Economics Statistics and Informatics (MESI) is a university with more than 75-year history. MESI is a leader in ratings among the economic institutions of Moscow and Russia. This is one of the best state universities for quality education.
 Sacred Heart Cathedral School is a New Zealand Catholic primary school located in the central-city suburb of Thorndon Wellington New Zealand. It is part of a Catholic precinct dating from 1850. It joins St Mary's College Wellington and Sacred Heart Cathedral Wellington and is located opposite the Motherhouse of the Sisters of Mercy in Wellington.
 Turkmen Agricultural University Named after S.A. Niyazov (Turkmen: S.A.Nyýazow adyndaky Türkmen oba hojalyk Uniwersitety) is a largest higher education institution Turkmenistan only provides study in the field of agriculture. It is named after Saparmurat Niyazov a Turkmenistan first president.
 Holy Child School (also known as Holy Child High School or Pranavananda Holy Child High School) is a high school in Silchar Assam India. It was founded in 1993. It is run by Bharat Sevashram Sangha. It is an English medium school and its matriculate level is affiliated under Board of Secondary Education Assam (SEBA).
 East Wilkes High School is a class 1A public high school (grades 9–12) located in Ronda North Carolina. It is a part of the Wilkes County Schools system. The school's enrollment typically runs from 500 to 600 students.
 Hartford High School is a comprehensive public high school located in the rural community of Hackett Arkansas United States. The school provides secondary education for students in grades 7 through 12. It is one of six public high schools in Sebastian County Arkansas and the sole high school administered by the Hartford School District.
 New Method College Hong Kong (abbreviated as NMC) is a secondary school located in Kowloon City Hong Kong. Its stated mission is to recognize each student as an individual. It is the fourth of schools under the same name with the first one built in 1951 on Hong Kong Island. It was also the first school to participate in the Direct Subsidy Scheme. It was announced that the school would be closed in 2012.
 Los Osos High School is one of eight public schools in the Chaffey Joint Union High School District. LOHS is located in the city of Rancho Cucamonga in Southern California's Inland Empire in the United States.
 Chengdu International School (CDIS) (Chinese: 成都国际学校) is a private international School in the Jinjiang District of Chengdu China. It is part of the ISC an accredited league of schools with institutions all over China enrolling students ranging from 3 years of age to graduating seniors (Grade 12).
 Christ's College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge officially comprising the Master and Fellows of the College as well as about 600 students. The college was founded by Lady Margaret Beaufort in 1505 its royal charter granted on 1 May of that year and was the twelfth of the Cambridge colleges to be founded in its current form. It was originally established as God's House in 1437.
 Claremont Graduate University (CGU) is a private all-graduate research university located in Claremont California a city 35 miles (56 km) east of downtown Los Angeles. Founded in 1925 CGU is a member of the Claremont Colleges which includes five undergraduate (Pomona College Claremont McKenna College Harvey Mudd College Scripps College Pitzer College) and two graduate (CGU and Keck Graduate Institute of Applied Life Sciences) institutions of higher education.
 The Dodge County School District is a public school district in Dodge County Georgia USA based in Eastman Georgia. It serves the communities of Chauncey Chester Eastman Milan and Rhine Georgia.
 Centenary Heights State High School is a State High School located in the suburb of Centenary Heights in Toowoomba Queensland with an enrolment of over 1300 students. The school is one of several schools in Toowoomba including two other state high schools Toowoomba State High School and Harristown State High School.
 The Conrad N. Hilton College of Hotel and Restaurant Management (known as simply Hilton College) is one of 12 academic colleges at the University of Houston. The college offers two degree programs: a Bachelor of Science in Hotel & Restaurant Management and a Master of Science in Hospitality Management. Hilton College has been ranked among the top hospitality programs in the U.S.
 National University Corporation Tottori University (国立大学法人鳥取大学 Tottori Daigaku) abbreviated to Toridai (鳥大) is a national university in Japan. The main campus is located in Koyamachō-Minami Tottori City Tottori Prefecture. Another campus the Faculty of Medicine is located on the Yonago Campus in Yonago Tottori.
 Iowa State University's College of Human Sciences was established in 2005 as the result of a merger of the now defunct College of Education and College of Family and Consumer Sciences and therefore is currently the newest college of Iowa State University. The college consists of
 Florida Polytechnic University (Florida Poly or FPU) is a public university in Lakeland Florida United States. Florida Poly is a member institution of the State University System of Florida and is the state's only public polytechnic university. The institution originated as University of South Florida Polytechnic a branch campus of the University of South Florida that opened in 1988.
 Canutillo High School is a public high school in Canutillo Texas on 6675 South Desert Boulevard. It is part of the Canutillo Independent School District. This is the second campus that has been Canutillo High School. The original high school was built in the early 1960s. In the early first decade of the 21st century overcrowding was an issue at the aging facility. In 2003 a bond was passed to build the new High school along Interstate 10 next to the campus of the El Paso Community College.
 The Technical University of Cluj-Napoca (UTC-N short for Romanian: Universitatea Tehnică din Cluj-Napoca) is a public university located in Cluj-Napoca Romania. It was founded in 1948 based on the older Industrial College (1920).
 Trask River High School is a public high school in Tillamook Oregon United States.Trask River High School operates at two adjacent facilities: Camp Tillamook and the Tillamook Youth Accountability Camp. Tillamook School District is contracted to provide the education at both locations.
 Grass Lake High School is a public high school in Grass Lake Michigan. It has about 400 students.
 Parkland High School is part of the Ysleta Independent School District in El Paso Texas.
 Falls Church City Public Schools (FCCPS) is an independent public school division that serves students who live in the Washington D.C. suburb of Falls Church Virginia as well as tuition students who live outside the city limits. The school division's four schools served 2415 students in the 2013-2014 school year. The on-time graduation rate is 97 percent.
 Highcliffe School is a secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in Highcliffe-on-Sea in the borough of Christchurch Dorset in southern England.
 Sherwood Christian Academy (SCA) is a SACS and ACSI accredited kindergarten–twelfth grade school run as a ministry of Sherwood Baptist Church.
 Not to be confused with the pre-existing Guru Nanak Dev University in Amritsar.Baba Guru Nanak University (Punjabi: ਬਾਬਾ ਗੁਰੂ ਨਾਨਕ ਯੂਨੀਵਰਸਿਟੀ bābā gurū nānaka yūnīvarasiṭī) is a planned international university that will be located in Nankana Sahib Punjab Pakistan the birthplace of Guru Nanak.
 Notre Dame High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in East Stroudsburg Pennsylvania USA. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Scranton.
 Yothinburana School (Thai: โรงเรียนโยธินบูรณะ) is a public funded secondary school with nearly 4000 students in Bangkok Thailand under the jurisdiction of the General Education Department of Ministry of Education. It is located at Samsaen Rd Dusit District Bangkok 10300.
 Parkdale Collegiate Institute is a public high school located on Jameson Avenue in Toronto Ontario Canada. It was founded in 1888 in the community of Parkdale.
 New Miami High School is a public high school just outside New Miami Ohio. It is the only high school in the New Miami Local School District.
 Georges River College Penshurst Girls Campus (formerly known as Penshurst Girls High School) is a comprehensive school for girls located in the suburb of Penshurst in Sydney Australia.
 Layton Preparatory School is a private preparatory school opened in 2005in Centreville Delaware.Layton Preparatory School is a member of the Student Union an organization also including Tower Hill School Tatnall School Archmere Academy Sanford School and Wilmington Friends School.Layton Preparatory School is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools.AdmissionsAdmissions Director: Mrs. Elizabeth SchultheisAcademicsLanguage ArtsLanguage Arts Department Chair: Mr.
 Established in 1956 the University of Dallas is a private independent Catholic regional university located in Irving Texas that is accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) and Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. According to U.S.
 The Forest High School (abbreviation TFHS) is a government day school located in Frenchs Forest Sydney New South Wales Australia on Frenchs Forest Road. It is a co-educational secondary school operated by the New South Wales Department of Education with students ranging from grades 7 to 12. The school was established in 1961 as a secondary school for the Northern Beaches area. Students at the school come from the North Shore and Northern Beaches regions.
 Edward H. White High School is a public high school operated by the Duval County Public Schools. It is located on Jacksonville's Westside. It is almost exclusively referred to by Jacksonville denizens as Ed White High School not White High School.
 The Community Conservatory in an art school in Doylestown Pennsylvania. It is a member of the National Guild of Community Schools for the Arts.
 Millennium High School is a public high school located in 75 Broad Street in New York City.
 Dalian University of Foreign Languages (DLUFL; simplified Chinese: 大连外国语大学; traditional Chinese: 大連外國語大学; pinyin: Dàlián wàiguóyǔ xuéyuàn Japanese: だいれんがいこくごがくいん) is a provincial university in Dalian Liaoning China.
 Murphy High School located in Mobile Alabama is a public high school operated by the Mobile County Public School System that educates grades 9–12.
 The Bentworth School District is a small rural public school district located in southwestern Pennsylvania. Bentworth School District encompasses approximately 54 square miles (140 km2). It covers the boroughs of Bentleyville Cokeburg and Ellsworth as well as North Bethlehem Township and Somerset Township in Washington County Pennsylvania. According to 2000 federal census data it served a resident population of 8837. By 2010 Bentworth School District's population declined to 8555 people.
 Winters Joint Unified School District is a school district in Winters California United States. It served just over 1800 students in 2008.
 West Texas High School is a 1A public high school in Stinnett Texas (USA). It is part of the Plemons-Stinnett-Phillips Consolidated Independent School District and was formed when nearby Phillips High School was closed in 1987 and consolidated with Stinnett creating West Texas High School. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 The University of Colorado Colorado Springs (UCCS) is a campus of the University of Colorado system the state university system of Colorado.As of Fall 2013 UCCS has 10000 undergraduate and 1500 graduate students with 24% ethnic minority students.In 2006 the U.S.
 Located in the city of Atlanta Georgia The Atlanta School of the Performing Arts serves 75 students each year aged six through eighteen in a nine-month program that teaches the technique of performing Broadway and contemporary plays as well as television. It also offers private voice acting and dance classes.
 Hainan University (simplified Chinese: 海南大学; traditional Chinese: 海南大學; pinyin: Hǎinán Dàxué is a comprehensive provincial university in Haikou Hainan province established in 2007.
 Yamanashi Prefectural University (山梨県立大学 Yamanashi kenritsu daigaku) is a public university in Kofu Yamanashi Japan. The university was established in 2005 as a result of merger of Yamanashi College of Nursing and Yamanashi Women's Junior College.
 Woodland Joint Unified School District or WJUSD is a school district in Woodland California. Established in July 1965 it now has a budget of $77700000. The student population of the district was 10600 in 2008. It contains: 10 elementary schools one charter school two middle schools two high schools one continuation high school and one adult education center.
 PEC University of Technology formerly known as Punjab Engineering College (Hindi: पंजाब इंजिनियरिंग कॉलेज PEC) is an engineering institute located in the city of Chandigarh India. The PEC University of Technology Chandigarh was originally established as Mugalpura Engineering College at Lahore (now in Pakistan) on November 9 1921. The name of the college was later changed to Maclagan Engineering College and it started functioning under the name on March 19 1924.
 Union County High School is an American high school located in Lake Butler Florida whose history dates to the 1920s after the cessation from Bradford County when it was originally located as the Lake Butler Middle School. Before segregation began it was an all-white school and the now elementary school served the county's African-American population. It now serves secondary students within the Union County school district in grades 9-12.
 Garhbeta College is a co-educational college situated in Garhbeta Paschim Medinipur West Bengal. It was established in the year 1948 and offers undergraduate education. The college is affiliated to Vidyasagar University.
 Gaynor McCown Expeditionary Learning School (often referred to as Gaynor McCown ELS or simply McCown) is a public school located in Staten Island New York
 Trinity School is an independent school in Essex England. The school is located in Brentwood and is closely linked to Trinity Church.
 The Delhi School of Music established by the Delhi Music Society teaches Western classical music. It is the only institution of its kind in northern India.
 The National Ilan University (Chinese: 國立宜蘭大學; pinyin: Guólì Yilán Dàxué) is a university in Yilan City Yilan County Taiwan.
 Blueridge Elementary School is a school located in the district municipality of North Vancouver British Columbia Canada. The school has approximately 360 students. and offers classes for students in grades Kindergarten to grade 7. The school offers various sports for the senior grades such as basketball and volleyball. Some activities you can join in Blueridge are Choir Band and also Track and Field once you are in the intermediate grade (grade 4-7).
 Muni University (MU) is a public multi-campus university in Uganda. It is one of the public universities and degree-awarding institutions in the country.
 The Jasper County School District is a public school district in Jasper County Georgia USA based in Monticello Georgia. It serves the communities of Monticello and Shady Dale Georgia.
 The only public high school in Winchester Kentucky George Rogers Clark High School opened in the fall of 1963 consolidating the Clark County High School and Winchester High School locally referred to as county high and city high respectively. The school has a strong record in athletics celebrating state championships in numerous sports. The boy's basketball team (County) won the 1951 Kentucky High School Athletic Association (KHSAA) state title under head coach Letcher Norton.
 Dayananda Sagar College of Engineering (DSCE) started in 1979 was founded by Sri R Dayananda Sagar and is run by the Mahatma Gandhi Vidya Peeta Trust today. It is located on 28 acres (110000 m2) of land on a hillock in Kumaraswamy Layout Bangalore South. Research programmes sponsored by AICTE AR&DB KSCST are undertaken. The college organizes seminars workshops teaching talks sports and extracurricular activities.
 Nutan Marathi Vidyalaya (NMV) (Devanagari: नूतन मराठी विद्यालय) is a school in Pune Maharashtra India. The school was founded on 1 January 1883. Nutan Marathi Vidyalaya consists of a high school and a junior college. It is run by the Shikshan Prasarak Mandali.
 The Advanced Technology College (ATC) is a two-year technical college located in Daytona Beach Florida in the United States. This technical college carries courses such as computer technology construction manufacturing engineering and automotive services.The ATC is involved in a joint-partnership program with Volusia County and Flagler County school districts.
 Henry Baker College Melukavu is an arts and science Christian college located in Melukavu Kottayam in Kerala India. Established in 1981 it was named after missionary Henry Baker Jr. Owned by the Diocese of East Kerala of the Church of South India the college is affiliated to Mahatma Gandhi University. The college offers postgraduate courses (in Commerce and History) and undergraduate courses (in Commerce Physics English and History).
 The Eastern North Carolina School for the Deaf (ENCSD) established in 1964 is a day/residential facility for the education of children who are deaf and hard of hearing. It is located on a beautiful and historic fifty-four acre campus in Wilson North Carolina.
 Cebu Normal University was established in 1902 as a provincial normal school and a branch of the Philippine Normal School. It became an independent institution in 1924 a chartered college in 1976 and a university in 1998. It is one of the oldest educational institutions in Cebu.CNU has three campuses the main campus in Osmeña Boulevard Cebu City and two extension campuses in Medellin and Balamban.
 Kafrelsheikh University; it is an Egyptian university established in 2006 located at Kafr Elsheikh in the middle of the Nile Delta.The University has a number of faculties (or colleges) such as: Engineering medicine physiotherapy and nursing pharmacy veterinary medicine science education agriculture arts specific education commerce physical education.
 Sullivan High School is a secondary institution located in Sullivan Indiana. As of 2007 the school has an enrollment of approximately 600 students. SHS is one of three high schools in Sullivan County (the other two being North Central Junior/Senior High School in Farmersburg and Union High School in Dugger) Sullivan High School is also the only secondary institution under the administration of the Southwest School Corporation.
 Covington Latin School is a co-educational Catholic accelerated college preparatory high school offering a classical education. Since its inception in 1923 Latin School has operated under the auspices of the Roman Catholic Bishop of the Diocese of Covington Kentucky. CLS is fully accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (S.A.C.S.) and has been certified by the US Department of Education as a Blue Ribbon School since 2003. Latin School has been profiled in U.S.
 Southern University at New Orleans (often referred to by its initials SUNO) is a historically African American university located in New Orleans Louisiana United States. It is a member of the Southern University System. The University is a member-school of Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
 Salinas High School is a public high school established in Salinas California. It is the first of four primary high schools of the Salinas Union High School District. The school was moved to its current central Salinas location in 1920. Circa 1999 the campus was rebuilt with most buildings demolished and replaced but the main original wing and bell-tower retained but renovated.
 The Lyceum International School popularly known as LIS is a private International school providing primary and secondary education in Sri Lanka.
 Deep Memorial Public School situated at A-Block Ramprastha Ghaziabad Uttar PradeshIndia and affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) was established in 1988. The school is dedicated to the memory of Ch. Deep Chand Ji. It was formally inaugurated by Sh. Moti Lal Vohra ex-governor of Uttar Pradesh.
 Stella Maris High School was an all-girls private Roman Catholic high school on the Rockaway Peninsula in Queens New York. It was located within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn. People who attended this school said this was a small school where big things happen. The highlight event of this school was Blue And Gold a school spirit event where the freshman and seniors competed against the sophomores and juniors in a series of events.
 Vallurupalli Nageswara Rao Vignana Jyothi Institute of Engineering and Technology (VNRVJIET) is an engineering college in Hyderabad India recognized by All India Council for Technical Education(AICTE) and affiliated to the Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad. It is often referred to as VNR College or Vignana Jyothi Engineering College or VNRVJIET.As of February 2012 the institute's intake is 780 students towards B. Tech program 198 towards its M.
 Spring Valley High School is located in unincorporated Northeast Columbia South Carolina USA and is operated by the Richland County School District Two. Opened in the fall of 1970 it was for a long time the sole high school operating in Richland School District Two replacing Dentsville High School.
 Lincoln-Sudbury Regional High School (LSRHS or L-S) is a public regional high school located in Sudbury Massachusetts and serving the communities of Sudbury and Lincoln Massachusetts. The school building was replaced prior to the 2004–2005 academic year. The school's radio station is WYAJ 97.7 FM.
 Lexington Christian Academy is a nondenominational evangelical Christian school in Lexington Kentucky accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. The school serves preschool through 12th grade. Total enrollment is around 1600 with about 200 junior high school and 460 high school students. As a requirement for teaching at LCA all teachers must profess Jesus Christ as their personal savior.
 The Forman School is a co-educational boarding and day school in Litchfield Connecticut USA offering a college preparatory program in grades 9 to 12 and Postgraduate (PG) exclusively for students with learning differences such as ADD/ADHD and Dyslexia. Forman School offers a 4-week summer program for students with learning disabilities.
 Conejo Valley Adult School is a public California Adult School in Thousand Oaks California part of the Conejo Valley Unified School District[2]. It is the only adult education campus in the district. The school's principal is Michael Waters; counselor & administrative coordinator is Sam Kane. The school is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) the accrediting body for schools and colleges in the Western United States and territories.
 Columbus Technical College (commonly called Columbus Tech) is a 2-year technical college located in Columbus Georgia United States. It is governed by Technical College System of Georgia.
 Northern State University (NSU) is a four-year public university located in Aberdeen South Dakota United States. NSU is governed by the South Dakota Board of Regents and offers 38 majors and 42 minors as well as six associate eight pre-professional and nine graduate degrees.
 Maynard Evans High School is a high school located in Orlando Florida United States served by Orange County Public Schools. The school's name is often shortened to Evans High School and the mascot for the school are the Trojans.It primarily serves students from Pine Hills in addition to some students from nearby Clarcona and Lockhart. The original main campus is located on Silver Star Road at the intersection of Pine Hills Road.
 Forestwood Middle School is a public middle school located in Flower Mound Texas. It houses grades six through eight a total of 709 students. The principal is David Tickner. Forestwood Middle School is funded and part of the Lewisville Independent School District.
 Beth Medrash Govoha (Hebrew: בית מדרש גבוה‎) (lit: Higher or advanced House of Study) is a Haredi yeshiva located in Lakewood Township New Jersey. It is commonly known as BMG or Lakewood Yeshiva.It was founded in 1943 by Rabbi Aharon Kotler and Rabbi Nosson Meir Wachtfogel. As of 2012 the yeshiva has 6500 married and undergraduate students making it one of the largest yeshivas in the world.
 The University of Silicon Valley Law School (USVLS) (also named The University of Silicon Valley School of Law on its logo) is registered with the California Committee of Bar Examiners as a private law school with offices located in Gilroy California. The school's website says it offers a part-time four-year law program in which all classes are taken in the evenings in Fremont California.
 St. Joseph's College of Commerce (Autonomous) often referred to as SJCC is a Bangalore University-affiliated college operated by the Jesuits. However it is autonomous and has an independent examination and recognition system. It is situated in central Bangalore at Brigade Road. St.
 Guru Nanak Khalsa College in South Central Mumbai was established in 1937 by Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee. It's located opposite to Don Bosco High School (Matunga) and a short distance from the Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute.The motto of Guru Nanak Khalsa College is The Essence of Wisdom is Service to Mankind.
 This article deals with the Empire of Japan's Army War College. For other war colleges see: War College (disambiguation).The Army War College (陸軍大学校 Rikugun Daigakkō); Short form: Rikudai (陸大) of the Empire of Japan was founded in 1882 in Minato Tokyo to modernize and Westernize the Imperial Japanese Army. Much of the empire's elite including prime ministers during the period of Japanese militarism were graduates of the college.
 The Ziegler School of Rabbinic Studies informally known as the Ziegler School or simply Ziegler is the graduate program of study leading to Ordination as Conservative Rabbis at the American Jewish University (formerly known as the University of Judaism). Founded in 1996 as a full-fledged program of Rabbinic ordination on the West Coast - the first independent rabbinical school on the West Coast - it ordained its first class in 1999.
 Yarm School is a co-educational independent school situated within the Georgian market town of Yarm England on the River Tees. The school educates over 1200 pupils and is a member of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference.
 Zhejiang Sci-Tech University (ZSTU; simplified Chinese: 浙江理工大学; traditional Chinese: 浙江理工大學; pinyin: Zhèjiāng lǐgōng dàxué) is a university in Zhejiang province provides programs in the fields of engineering sciences humanities (arts) economics management and law with engineering being its main focus. It is run jointly by Ministry of Education and the Zhejiang provincial government the latter being the main administrative body.
 Wyomissing Area School District is a diminutive suburban public school district located in Berks County Pennsylvania. The Wyomissing Area School District encompasses approximately 4 square miles (10 km2). The District is the smallest one operating in Berks County. According to 2000 federal census data it serves a resident population of 12440. By 2010 the district's population declined to 12359 people.
 St Leonard's College is a private co-educational school in Melbourne Victoria Australia. The school is located in Brighton East catering for students in all year levels from ELC for three year olds through to Year 12.
 The Center for Entrepreneurship & Innovation (CEI) is a center created to promote Innovation and Entrepreneurship at the University of Florida. The center is part of the Warrington College of Business and is located in Stuzin Hall. Around 2500 students are enrolled in classes over the course of the school year. The center works with six other colleges at the University to deliver introductory and specialized courses for both undergraduate and graduate students.
 Djanogly City Academy is a City Academy secondary school in Nottingham UK. It has been open since 2003 when it replaced the oversubscribed Djanogly CTC a City Technology College which was then independent from local authority control.
 SMK Takis Papar also known as Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Takis Papar (SMKTP) in Malay is a Malaysian secondary school located in East Malaysia at Papar district. This school was established in 2001.
 Kit Carson Elementary School is an elementary school in Richmond Kentucky. It was named for Kit Carson who was born not far from the school's site. It opened in 1962 and went under renovations in 1997 which included some of the windows boarded up with white concrete for air conditioners to be installed an extension farther back from the school's front which included a new library and a new gymnasium. The old gymnasium became the cafeteria.
 Valley Stream Memorial Junior High School is a junior high school (grades 7-9) that is part of the Valley Stream Central High School District. Students that attend the school generally attend Valley Stream Central High School when starting 10th grade. Their current team and mascot are the Memorial Eagles. The school is located on Fletcher Avenue in Valley Stream New York.
 George F. Baker High School is the public secondary school educating students in grades 9 through 12 in the Tuxedo Union Free School District. It is located on NY 17 in Tuxedo New York United States near the gates of the village Tuxedo Park. It educates students from the town of Tuxedo and the village as well as those from the Greenwood Lake school district in the nearby Town of Warwick.
 Annai Vailankanni College of Engineering(AVCE) is a private co-educational Engineering College in the Indian state AVK NagarPothayadi SalaiPottalkulamAzhagappapuram PostKanyakumari District Tamil Nadu. It was established in 2008. The college is accredited by AICTE and affiliated to Anna University.
 Infant Jesus Matriculation Higher Secondary School also known as IJMHSS is located in Palladam near Coimbatore. It has classes from LKG to +2.
 North Central Texas College (NCTC) is a community college serving Cooke County Denton County and Montague County Texas.
 Springfield Township High School (commonly STHS) is a public high school serving grades 9-12. The school serves Springfield Township Pennsylvania and is the sole high school of the Springfield Township School District.
 Valparaiso High School is a public high school in Valparaiso Indiana. The current principal is Reid Amones.
 St. George's RC Primary School is a mixed Roman Catholic primary school serving the city centre Parish of St. George in York North Yorkshire England. The school is for boys and girls aged 3–11 with an Early Years Unit for 3-5 year olds. It is a successful school with notable strengths in Creativity and the Performing Arts.
 Magna Vista High School is a comprehensive public high school in Henry County Virginia. Named for the Magna Vista plantation which previously occupied the land on which it is situated it is located approximately three miles west of the town of Ridgeway Virginia and ten miles (16 km) south of the city of Martinsville Virginia. Magna Vista currently enrolls approximately 900 students in grades 9-12.
 Sir William Macdonald Community is a public elementary school in Vancouver British Columbia part of School District 39 Vancouver.
 Universidade Presbiteriana Mackenzie (Portuguese for Mackenzie Presbyterian University) is a private university in São Paulo Brazil.The Mackenzie Presbyterian University is an institution of higher learning confessional strong tradition and history in Brazil.
 Rancho Santa Fe Elem Sch Dist is a public school district based in San Diego County California United States.
 Raymore–Peculiar High School (Ray-Pec) is a public high school serving the towns of Raymore and Peculiar parts of Lee's Summit and some unincorporated areas of Cass county Missouri.
 Cesar Chavez High School is a public four-year high school in Stockton California. It is part of the Stockton Unified School District.
 Winstanley College is a sixth-form college in the Billinge Higher End area of the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan Greater Manchester. It was named the Sunday Times Sixth Form of the Year in 2012.
 The Columbia University Department of Middle Eastern South Asian and African Studies (MESAAS) is a leading center for the study of history politics culture and art of the Middle East South Asia and Africa.With more than forty faculty members core and adjunct MESAAS houses a large number of worldly renowned scholars.Prior to 2009 MESAAS was known as The Department of Middle East and Asian Languages and Cultures (MEALAC).
 Valle Verde Early College High School is a high school located in El Paso Texas. Students graduate from high school with both a high school diploma and an Associate's degree from El Paso Community College. As an early college high school VVECHS is a school that boasts students of a high academic rigor who are chosen to be best suited for the task of taking High School and College courses in tandem.
 Pasco High School is a high school in Dade City Florida United States. Its principal is Kari Kadlub. Its Assistant principles are Norman Brown Samantha Del Valle and Jennifer Ingersoll.
 Palmers Green High School is an independent girls' school located in Hoppers Road Palmers Green North London. It consists of four divisions: The Alice Nursery (ages 3–4) Preparatory (Years 1-2) Junior School (Years 3-6) and the Senior School.
 Thom Collegiate is a high school located in the Coronation Park area of north Regina Saskatchewan Canada. It is named for Douglas J. Thom - a lawyer author and member of the Regina Collegiate Board.The school offers a dual track French immersion program. It is also one of four schools in the province to offer the International Baccalaureate program.Thom's feeder schools include Centennial School Coronation Park Community School Dr. L.M.
 Clarkston High School is a high school located in Independence Township Michigan. It is the only high school in both the township and the Clarkston Community Schools district. The school's colors are blue and gold. Its team mascot and nickname is the Wolves.
 The British Institute of Technology & E-commerce (BITE) is a private educational institute also involved in consultancy and research whose main campus is located in the London Borough of Newham east London England. BITE also has two further campuses - in Central London and in Suffolk. As of 2012 BITE was the 5th largest private higher educational establishment in the UK by number of students.
 Tyndale Christian School founded in 1983 by Roy Magor is a coeducational private R-12 school located in Salisbury East South Australia Australia. The school is named after William Tyndale who translated the Bible into the Early Modern English language. Michael Potter is the second and current principal of the school.
 The Bedford Area School District is a midsized rural public school district located in southcentral Pennsylvania It covers the Boroughs of Bedford Hyndman Manns Choice and Rainsburg and Bedford Township Colerain Township Cumberland Valley Township Harrison Township Londonderry Township and Snake Spring Township in Bedford County Pennsylvania. The district encompasses approximately 292 square miles (760 km2).
 Lalgola College established in 2006 is a general degree college in Lalgola Murshidabad district. It offers undergraduate courses in arts. It is affiliated to University of Kalyani.
 Fairfield Junior-Senior High School is public secondary school located in Goshen Indiana by US-33. It is a part of Fairfield Community Schools. The school serves about 900 students in grades 7 through 12 coming from New Paris Elementary School Millersburg Elementary School and Benton Elementary School.
 Ravenscroft School is an independent formerly Episcopal college preparatory school located in Raleigh North Carolina. It enrolls students from pre-school through grade 12. Founded in 1862 by members of Christ Episcopal Church the school continued under their principles until 1969 when it became non-sectarian.
 Carmel School FRI Digwadih is managed by the members of The Order of the Brothers of Our Lady of Mount Carmel or Carmelites. The school is affiliated to the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE). It has a motto of Upward Onward.
 Grey College is a public school for boys located in Bloemfontein Free State South Africa one of the 23 elite historically significant and prestigious Milner Schools. Grey College is not to be confused with Grey High School in Port Elizabeth Eastern Cape.
 The Ruprecht-Karls-Universität Heidelberg (Heidelberg University Ruperto Carola) is a public research university located in Heidelberg Baden-Württemberg Germany. Founded in 1386 it is the oldest university in Germany and was the third university established in the Holy Roman Empire. Heidelberg has been a coeducational institution since 1899.
 Clinton School District is a public school district located in Clinton Missouri. The district educates about 1900 students in Pre-kindergarten through grade 12.
 The Cooperative University of Colombia(Spanish: Universidad Cooperativa de Colombia) is a private institution for higher education founded in 1983 as successor of the Instituto de Economía Social y Cooperativismo (Indesco).Liberal Party politician and lawyer César Pérez García was the university's rector from its foundation in 1983 until he was arrested for his alleged role in a massacre. Following his father's 2010 arrest son César Pérez González took over leadership of the university.
 The University of California Irvine School of Medicine (UC Irvine School of Medicine or UCI School of Medicine) is an LCME accredited medical school co-located in Orange County's cities of Irvine on the University of California Irvine campus and Orange at the UC Irvine Medical Center. Of the medical schools evaluated for its 2013 edition (released March 13 2012) U.S News & World Report ranked the school 44th in Research and 86th in Primary Care. The school was founded in 1896 by A.C.
 Key Largo School located on mile marker 105 is a Blue Ribbon School of Excellence and is listed as one of the Top 50 Schools in the State of Florida. Grade levels are PreK through Eighth Grade and are headed by Principal Ammette Martimson. As of 2006 KLS had 995 students. Their mascot is the Tornado and their school colors are Blue and Gold.Every year the Key largo school safety patrols take a trip to Washington D.C.
 Bangladesh Medical College & Hospital (BMC) is the first private medical college to have been established in Bangladesh. The college consists of one campus in Dhanmondi Dhaka that includes an attached hospital. The college and associated hospital are run by the Bangladesh Medical Studies and Research Institute (BMSRI) a non-political and non-profit organisation. The BMC has been affiliated as a constituent college with Dhaka University since 10 May 1988.
 The Ontario Confederation of University Faculty Associations (OCUFA) is a Canadian non-profit organization that represents 16000 teachers researchers and librarians through its interaction with the Ontario government opposition parties related agencies and associations. OCUFA also allows its twenty-six member faculty associations to coordinate media relations and research for collective bargaining.
 Charles River School was founded by parents on the banks of the Charles River in Needham Massachusetts USA in 1911. In 1917 the school moved to Dover Massachusetts. Today the school serves children from Pre-Kindergarten to Grade Eight. The school is accredited by the Association of Independent Schools in New England.
 Foshan University (FOSU Chinese: 佛山科学技术学院) is a designated full-time comprehensive university located in Foshan Guangdong province China.
 The University of Tampere (UTA) (Finnish: Tampereen yliopisto) is a university in Tampere Finland. It has 15400 degree students and 2100 employees. It was originally founded in 1925 in Helsinki as a Civic College (Kansalaiskorkeakoulu) and from 1930 onwards it was known as a School of Social Sciences (Yhteiskunnallinen korkeakoulu). In 1960 the institution relocated to Tampere and in 1966 it was officially named University of Tampere.
 Jamia Al-Barkaat Aligarth educational institute is an institute of Sunni Muslims of India. It was established in the memory of renowned Persian and Hindi Sufi poet Syed Shah Barkatullah of Marehra Sharif in the District of Etah in Uttar Pradesh.Syed Ameen Mian Qaudri is president of the society which runs Jamia Al Barkaat.
 The University of Southern Brittany (Université de Bretagne Sud) is a French university in the Academy of Rennes.
 False River Academy is a nonsectarian private school located in New Roads Louisiana in Pointe Coupee Parish. It was originally founded as a segregation academy in 1969. It is one of only two private schools currently located in the parish.
 Capital University of Medical Sciences (T: 首都醫科大學 S: 首都医科大学) also known as CUMS CCMU or CMU is a university in Beijing China which was originally called Beijing Second Medical College (北京第二醫學院).Capital Medical University (CMU) was founded in 1960 with the original name of Beijing Second Medical College (北京第二醫學院). It ranks among the top academic medical institutions in China and is considered as one of the key municipal universities in Beijing.
 Bartlett High School or BHS is a public four-year high school located in Bartlett Illinois a north-west suburb of Chicago Illinois in the United States. It is part of Elgin Area School District U46 which also includes Elgin High School Larkin High School South Elgin High School and Streamwood High School.
 Harbour Pointe Middle School (HPMS) is an International Baccalaureate middle school in Mukilteo Washington. The school was built to accommodate overflow population from the overcrowded Olympic View Middle School when the Mukilteo School District decided to switch their junior high schools (7th and 8th grade) to middle schools in which they added 6th grade for the 1993 - 1994 school year and is one of four middle schools in the district. The school is open to grades 6 7 and 8.
 Marathon High School is a public high school located in Marathon Texas (USA). It is part of the Marathon Independent School District located in northeastern Brewster County and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. Typically due to its isolation Marathon generally has the lowest high school enrollment in the state. Since all students grades K-12 attend class in the same building the school is often referred to as Marathon School.
 Glynn Academy (GA) is an American public high school in Brunswick Georgia USA enrolling 1755 students in grades 9–12. Along with Brunswick High School it is one of two high schools in the Glynn County School System. Glynn Academy offers technical academic and Advanced Placement programs and is accredited by the Georgia Department of Education and the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
 Dover Grammar School for Boys is a selective secondary school located in Dover United Kingdom. The school is situated next to Astor College for the Arts which is a non-selective school. It has a strong sporting rivalry with Astor and Sir Roger Manwood's School a selective Grammar school in nearby Sandwich Kent. The school was rated by Ofsted as Outstanding in May 2010 and is also a member of the International World School programme.
 Aberdeen Hall is an independent non-denominational co-educational university-preparatory school founded in 2006. Located in Kelowna British Columbia Canada it delivers the British Columbia Ministry of Education curriculum from Junior Kindergarten to Grade 11 with Grade 12 being offered starting September 2013.
 1st International School of Ostrava (1stISO) is a private coeducational school located in Ostrava Czech Republic. Founded in 2005 as a secondary school it grew into an institution educating children of virtually all ages.
 The Seminary of Quebec (French: Séminaire de Québec) is a Roman Catholic community of priests in Quebec City founded by Bishop François de Laval the first bishop of New France in 1663.
 The Utrecht School of the Arts (Dutch: Hogeschool voor de Kunsten Utrecht HKU) is a performing arts and visual arts educational institution in Utrecht Netherlands.
 Oakwood High School is part of the Oakwood City School District Montgomery County Ohio. The school is located in Oakwood Ohio at 1200 Far Hills Ave. and serves more than 650 students. The school mascot is the Lumberjacks though female teams for the school are usually referred to as Lady Jacks or just Jills. Oakwood was named A National School of Excellence by the U.S. Department of Education in 1991.
 San Bernardino High School is a public high school located in the Uptown neighborhood of San Bernardino California. San Bernardino High School is located north of Downtown San Bernardino and south of San Bernardino's University District. It is a part of the San Bernardino City Unified School District. SBHS is also the oldest high school in San Bernardino County and southern california.[citation needed] The main address is 1850 North E Street.
 The University of Lyon (Université de Lyon) located in Lyon and Saint-Étienne France is a center for higher education and research comprising 16 institutions of higher education.
 Corpus Christi College (full name: The College of Corpus Christi and the Blessed Virgin Mary often shortened to Corpus or previously The Body) is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge. It is notable as the only college founded by Cambridge townspeople: it was established in 1352 by the Guilds of Corpus Christi and the Blessed Virgin Mary making it the sixth-oldest college in Cambridge.
 Jackson County Schools is a public school district in Jackson County Georgia USA based in Jefferson Georgia. It serves the communities of Arcade Braselton Commerce Hoschton Jefferson Maysville Nicholson Pendergrass and Talmo Georgia.
 Baqiyatallah University of Medical Sciences (BMSU) is a public and special medical university in Tehran Iran.The BMSU was founded in 1994 as the primary medical institution for the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution (IRGC). The BMSU as well as the Institute of Research for Military Medicine (Persian: پژوهشكده طب رزمي‎) is operated by the IRGC and currently trains students up to Ph.D.
 Del Mar College (DMC) is a community college in Corpus Christi Texas founded in 1935.
 St Francis Xavier College (abbreviated SFX) is a coeducational systemic Catholic high school and college in Florey Australian Capital Territory Australia. [1]The college caters for years 7 to 12 from the Belconnen and Gungahlin areas and is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Canberra and Goulburn Catholic Education System.The School is named after Saint Francis Xavier of Portugal who was a Jesuit Missionary who spread the Christian message in India and parts of Japan.
 Parle Tilak Vidyalaya Marathi Medium Secondary School is a school situated in Vile Parle a suburb of Mumbai India. The school has a building of Secondary section (grade 5 to 10). The section runs in two sessions grade 5 to 7 morning session and grade 8 to 10 afternoon session.
 The Redway School is an all-age (2-19) state special school for children and young people who experience severe learning difficulties. It makes provision for those who need to be educated in a special school in Milton Keynes and its close environs. Located in Netherfield Milton Keynes southern central England and is so called because it adjoins two Redways of the Milton Keynes redway system.
 Thomas Russell Middle School is a junior high school located near Milpitas High School and Marshall Pomeroy Elementary School in Milpitas California.The current principal is Damon James and the current vice principal is Luis E. Lopez. The school colors are black white gray forest green and lime green. The school mascot is the wolverine.
 Rodborough School is a coeducational secondary school with academy status located in Milford Surrey England. The school is a feeder school for Godalming College.
 B'nai Shalom Day School is an independent Jewish day school in Greensboro North Carolina USA.The school was founded in August 1970 as a Solomon Schechter Day School and originally called the North Carolina Hebrew Academy at Greensboro. In 1979 the name was changed to B’nai Shalom. In the 1980's B’nai Shalom elected to join the Jewish Community Day School Network.
 John Buchan School is a middle school operated by the Service Children's Education located in the ward of Sennelager in Paderborn Germany. It caters to children aged 9–13 of military personnel and civilian employees in Paderborn as well as Detmold and Rinteln.
 Thomas More College is a South Australian Roman Catholic co-educational secondary school established in 1979. Its catchment area is the northern Adelaide Parishes of Salisbury Elizabeth North Elizabeth South Gawler Virginia and Para Hills. It was named after St. Thomas More the English lawyer polemicist politician and martyr. Its motto “God’s Servant First” is from the saint himself. He accepted death ordered by King Henry VIII rather than go against his conscience and God.
 Whitchurch Junior School (formerly Whitchurch Middle School) is a state primary school located in the London Borough of Harrow North London England. The school was established in 1996 and has 360 pupils with year groups ranging from years 3 to 6. It was previously a middle school but was renamed as a junior school in 2010 after a school reorganisation undertaken by the London Borough of Harrow.
 Department of Media and Communication (DMC) (Khmer: ដេប៉ាដឺម៉ង់ប្រពន័្ធផ្សព្វផ្សាយ និង សារគមនាគមន៏) was established in 2001 under the Royal University of Phnom Penh primarily as an academic training ground for journalists and communication practitioners.
 Abhyasa Residential Public School (Telugu: అభ్యాస ఱెసిదెన్తిఅల్ పబ్లిక్ స్కూల్) commonly known as Abhyasa is a residential co-educational private school situated at Toopran in the Medak District of Andhra Pradesh in India.The school promotes traditional Indian values in students such as touching the feet of elders to celebrating festivals of all religions. Students also practice Yoga Meditation and Vedic Recitation.
 Kharagpur College established in 1949 is one of the oldest college in Paschim Medinipur. It offers undergraduate courses in arts commerce and sciences. It is affiliated to Vidyasagar University.
 Weddington High School (WHS) is a public high school located in Matthews North Carolina. It is part of Union County Public Schools. Their mascot is a Warrior. As of 2012 the principal is Jonathan Bowers.WHS had the highest graduation rate of seniors in the state of North Carolina for the fifth year in a row. Last year it went up from 91.7% to 95.7%.[citation needed]They are an Honors School of Excellence with high growth.
 Netherwood Advanced Learning Centre is a secondary school located in next to Netherwood Country Park between Wombwell and Darfield in the Metropolitan Borough of Barnsley South Yorkshire England.The school was formed in 2012 from a merger of Wombwell High School and Darfield Foulstone School of Creative Arts. The new school is located on a new campus which also has facilities for leisure and cultural activities and adult learning to be used by the local community.
 Devon Preparatory School is a private Catholic college preparatory school in Devon Pennsylvania founded in 1956 by the Piarist fathers. It is an all-boys school divided into a middle school (grades 6–8) and an upper school (grades 9–12) both located on the same campus of 20 acres (81000 m2). The school operates independently with the blessings of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Philadelphia.The mansion the centerpiece of the estate was built in 1913 by Philadelphia publisher Dr.
 The Ethiopian Civil Service University (ECSU) is a school of higher education in Ethiopia.
 Dhaka Commerce College (Bengali: ঢাকা কমার্স কলেজ) is a graduate college in Mirpur Dhaka Bangladesh. Established in 1989 this was the first college in Dhaka city to specialize in commerce.The main founder of this college was Mr. Kazi Faruki.
 Narrabundah College is a government college that teaches the last two years of secondary education in the Australian Capital Territory. It was the first school in Australia to offer the International Baccalaureate starting the programme in February 1978.Despite attempts to close the college in the late 1970s due to falling enrolments the school now has a full enrolment and an extensive waiting list.
 Piscataway Township High School is a four-year public high school in Piscataway Township in Middlesex County New Jersey United States serving students in grades 9-12 as part of the Piscataway Township Schools.
 Tiferes Bais Yaakov is a private Orthodox Jewish School in Toronto Ontario. As of 2010 it provides classes to approximately 160 students from grade 9 up to grade 12. In addition to the regular Ontario provincial curriculum the school teaches the Hebrew language the Torah and various other Jewish related topics. The school is affiliated with Mercaz (formerly known as the Board of Jewish Education) the educational pillar of the UJA Federation of Greater Toronto.
 Fremont Christian School (also known as FCS) is a private Evangelical Christian School located in Fremont California USA. The school was founded in 1967. It serves preschool through 12th grade. The current secondary principal is Michael Wenger. The school is located on Thornton Ave. The typical schedule of a secondary campus student consists of 8 periods including lunch. Each period is 45 minutes long with the exception on chapel days which each class is 40 minutes each.
 Nelson College for Girls is a single-sex state school in Nelson New Zealand. Established in 1883 it has close ties with Nelson College and has a private Preparatory School.Nelson College for Girls was one of the highest rankings school in the Nelson region for NCEA with an average of 71% of Year 13 students achieved NCEA Level 3 in 2005. (This compares with a National average of 51.2% and Decile 7 Girls' schools - 68.9%)The boarding house Clarice Johnstone House is headed by Mrs.
 Central High School is a public secondary school for grades 9-12 located in Grand Junction Colorado. Its enrollment is 1522 and it is operated by Mesa County Valley School District No. 51. Central High offers many extracurricular organizations sports and clubs. A small sample of these would be football baseball tennis soccer Chess club marching band and Knowledge Bowl. The school also hosts the local JROTC classes.
 Duke University School of Law (also known as Duke Law School or Duke Law) is the law school and a constituent academic unit of Duke University Durham North Carolina United States. One of Duke's 10 schools and colleges the School of Law began as the Trinity College School of Law in 1868. In 1924 following the renaming of Trinity College to Duke University the school was renamed the Duke University School of Law.
 St Aidan's Primary School is a Roman Catholic primary school located on Coltness Road Wishaw. It has a roll of 260 from P1 to P7. It also has a nursery. It was founded in 1960.
 Puras-Kanpur Haridas Nandi Mahavidyalaya established in 1966 is an undergraduate college in Munsirhat in Howrah district India. It is affiliated with the University of Calcutta.
 Haubstadt High School sometimes referred to as Haubstadt Johnson High School was a K-12 learning facility located in Haubstadt Indiana.
 Bearspaw Christian School (BCS) is a non-denominational private Christian school for Kindergarten to Grade 12. BCS is located in the northwest corner of Calgary Alberta with an enrolment of 500+ students. Their mission as stated on their website is to join with the family to realize personal academic excellence and Christ-like character in each student.
 Colegio Teresiano Juanita Fernández (English: Juanita Fernández Theresian School) is a Chilean high school located in Mostazal Cachapoal Province Chile.
 Huston–Tillotson University is a historically black university in Austin Texas United States. The school is affiliated with the United Methodist Church the United Church of Christ and the United Negro College Fund. Huston–Tillotson University awards four-year degrees in business education the humanities natural sciences social sciences science and technology.
 Vanguard College formerly Northwest Bible College is a degree-granting institution offering Christian education located in Edmonton Alberta Canada. Their mission is to develop innovative spirit-filled leaders.
 Carey School is a K-12 school in the Blaine County School District and serves the rural farming community of Carey Idaho. The high school is located on the same campus that includes an elementary and junior high school encompassing Carey School.The Carey High School football team was the 2006 and 2008 state champion in 1A Division II eight-man football in Idaho their fourth state championship title. The Carey girls basketball have gone to state three years in a row.
 Kharkiv State University of Food Technology and Trade is a Ukrainian university in Kharkiv.Post address: 333 Klochkivska 61051 Kharkiv Ukraine
 Saint Francis High School (SFHS) is a high school located in St. Francis Minnesota. It is part of ISD 15 and covers about 165 square miles. Independent School District 15 includes the cities of St. Francis Bethel East Bethel Oak Grove portions of Andover and Nowthen as well as portions of Athens and Stanford townships. The district is supported by a population of over 26000 and annually educates about 6000 people.
 The American University in London (AUL) is an unaccredited university located in Seven Sisters Road in London.The AUL's business education programs have been accredited in the past by the International Assembly for Collegiate Business Education (IACBE) but this accreditation was suspended in April 2007.
 Not to be confused with Columbia University (New York New York) Columbia State Community College (Columbia Tennessee) Columbus State University (Columbus Georgia) Columbia College of Missouri (Columbia Missouri) Columbia College (Fairfax Virginia) University of Missouri–Columbia or Columbia Southern University (Orange Beach Alabama).Columbia State University was a diploma mill based in California that used a Louisiana mailing address.
 Gillbrook Academy (formerly Gillbrook College) is a mixed academy and sixth form in Teesville Redcar and Cleveland North Yorkshire. It has merged with neighbouring Eston Park Academy and will form part of a new single Hillsview Academy in September 2014.
 The Morioka Daisan High School (岩手県立盛岡第三高等学校 Iwate-kenritsu Morioka Daisan Kōtōgakkō) commonly referred to as Morioka Third High School or San-Kō is located in Morioka Iwate Prefecture Japan. It is the third oldest public high school in the city founded in 1963. It has a student body of approximately 1000 students.
 Covenant Christian Academy of Colleyville Texas was founded in 1979 as a school part of Colleyville Presbyterian Church. It is an accredited ASCI and SACS school and a member of the Texas Association of Private and Parochial Schools. The 2007 Cougar football team was TAPPS 3A Texas State Champions defeating Halletsville Sacred Heart 27-26 in the finals. The 2011 girls soccer team won the State Championship beating Austin Regents 2-1 in San Antonio.
 Western Heights College is a co-educational secondary school in Geelong Australia. It currently has two campuses Junior Years Campus (formerly Minerva campus) for years 7 8 and 9 and Senior Years Campus (formerly Quamby Campus) for years 10 11 and 12 located in the suburbs of Herne Hill Hamlyn Heights respectively.
 The Istanbul University State Conservatory (Turkish: İstanbul Üniversitesi Devlet Konservatuarı) until 1986 the Istanbul Municipal Conservatory (Turkish: İstanbul Belediye Konservatuarı) is a major national music school in Istanbul and part of Mimar Sinan Fine Arts University.It was first founded as the Ottoman Dârülelhan in 1917 as a counterpart to the Darülbedayi founded 1914. It is distinct from the Hacettepe University Ankara State Conservatory (founded in 1935).
 Pennco Tech is a for-profit technical school with locations in Bristol Pennsylvania and Blackwood New Jersey. It was founded in 1973.
 Barking Abbey School (also referred to as Barking Abbey) is a secondary school located in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham.
 South High School is a high school in Bakersfield California in the United States founded in 1957.
 Shandon Joint Unified School District is a school district in San Luis Obispo County California.
 Buckeye Union High School is a public high school in Buckeye Arizona under the jurisdiction of the Buckeye Union High School District.
 Stockport College is a large educational institute in Stockport Greater Manchester England providing further education and higher education to those age over 15. It has a well-established history and plays a major role in providing educational opportunities for the community including school leavers businesses and overseas students.The college has academic and vocational courses from pre-GCSE to degree level.
 Kincorth Academy is an Aberdeen City Council secondary school in Kincorth Aberdeen Scotland. Local primary feeder schools are: Abbotswell Primary Charleston Primary Kirkhill Primary and Loirston Primary.The school works in close partnership with Torry Academy in order to offer pupils a wider range of courses some of which are facilitated by Aberdeen College.
 Saint Basil Academy is a private Ukrainian Catholic all-girls high school in Jenkintown Pennsylvania. It is located in the Ukrainian Catholic Archeparchy of Philadelphia.Saint Basil Academy was established in 1931 by the Sisters of Saint Basil.
 Camosun College is located in Greater Victoria British Columbia Canada. As of the 2012-2013 academic year it had more than 18500 full-time and part-time students (9600 FTEs) between its Lansdowne and Interurban campuses.
 Kumaraguru College of Technology (KCT) Coimbatore is a private Engineering College started in 1984 under the auspices of Ramanandha Adigalar Foundation a charitable educational trust of Sakthi Group. About 10 km from Central Bus Stand at Gandhipuram and 2 km off Sathy Road (national highway NH-209 leading to Mysore) the well-developed college campus spreads over a sprawling 150 acres of land.Under the able guidance and patronage of Arutselvar Dr. N.
 Gary and Jerri-Ann Jacobs High Tech High Charter School often referred to as High Tech High (HTH) is a public charter high school in San Diego California. The school is now one of several schools operated under the High Tech High charter schools umbrella organization.
 Georgetown University Law Center is the law school of Georgetown University located in Washington D.C. Established in 1870 the Law Center offers J.D. LL.M. and S.J.D. degrees in law. As the second largest law school in the United States Georgetown Law often touts the advantages of its wide range of program offerings and proximity to federal agencies and courts including the Supreme Court.The Law Center is one of the 14 law schools that consistently rank at the very top of U.S.
 Central Lakes College is a two-year community and technical college in the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities System with campuses in Brainerd and Staples. 46.345808°N 94.215585°W﻿ / 46.345808; -94.215585Central Lakes College in Brainerd includes courses in the liberal arts and sciences with an Associate in Arts degree and Minnesota Transfer Curriculum for transfers to a four year college.
 Liceo Elvira Sánchez de Garcés (English: Elvira Sánchez de Garcés High School) is a Chilean high school located in Mostazal Cachapoal Province Chile.
 Salfia Muslim Institute (Urdu: ثلفىا مصلم انسچوڭ ) is a high school located at Parray Pora Srinagar Jammu and Kashmir India. The school runs under the non-profit organisation Jamiat Ahle Hadith. It is one of the schools of the 'Trans World Muslim University'.
 Lesley University is a private coeducational university in Boston Massachusetts and Cambridge Massachusetts well known for its education expressive therapies creative writing counseling and fine arts programs.The university is a member of the New England Association of Schools and Colleges National Association of Schools of Art and Design and New England Collegiate Conference.
 Rainbow International School is an international school for infant junior and secondary education in the Kampala district of Uganda.The Rainbow International School was established in September 1991 as a primary school with 29 children. In September 1995 the school moved to its present 9-acre (36000 m2) site with newly constructed purpose-built classrooms and administration block and playing fields. The school is in the Kampala district.
 Hoi Pa Street Government Primary School (HPSGPS; Chinese: 海壩街官立小學 abbreviated to 海官) is a Chinese-language (CMI) co-education primary school located at 1 Kai Chi Close Tsuen Wan Hong Kong. Ms Chan Wai Han is the current principal of the school beginning her term in September 2007.
 Knights Templar School is a co-educational secondary school with academy status located in the market town of Baldock in North Hertfordshire England. In a February 2006 Ofsted report the school was described as outstanding one of only eight secondary schools in Hertfordshire to be so recognised. It retained its outstanding status following a further Ofsted inspection in February 2009. The Knights Templar School gained academy status on 1 April 2011.
 The High School Affiliated to Fudan University (复旦大学附属中学 复旦附中) is located in Shanghai near Fudan University campus.High School Affiliated to Fudan University a boarding key school is now under the co-direction of Shanghai Education Commission (上海市教育委员会) and Fudan University. The high school established in 1950 used to be appointed as a common high school directly subordinate to the leading branches mentioned above in the 1960s. The school has so far occupied a campus of 50640 m2.
 Radcliffe College formerly a women's liberal arts college in Cambridge Massachusetts was all-male Harvard College's coordinate institution for female students. It was also one of the Seven Sisters colleges amongst which it shared with Bryn Mawr College the popular reputation of having a particularly intellectual and independent-minded student body.
 St Ursula's College Kingsgrove is located in Kingsgrove Sydney Australia. It is a Catholic girls school for grades 7-12.
 York House School is an independent preparatory school for girls and boys aged from 3 to 13 years of age. The school is located in Croxley Green Hertfordshire in an eighteenth-century mansion. The school motto is Aut Viam Inveniam Aut Faciam which is Latin for Either I shall find a way or I shall make one. The current headmaster is Jon Gray.The school was founded in Hampstead and relocated to the Money Hill area of Rickmansworth in the late 1940s by the then headmaster Arnold White.
 Shahrood University of Technology is a university in the city of Shahrood in Semnan Province in Iran.The university was established as The Shahrood College of Mines (مدرسه عالي معدن شاهرود) in 1973 and was elevated to university status in 1994.Finally thanks to the efforts and pursuit of university president and the staff at the time and the expansion of different programs and the development of post-graduate levels another great achievement was gained for the university in that the Development Council of the ministry in a session dated 2002/6/9 announced his agreement with the promotion of the university to Shahrood University of technologyThe university currently operates 11 faculties offering 32 degrees to students at bachelors masters and PhD levels.The significant achievements of the university from 1997 up to now are as following:1. 
 The Scarborough Day School was a private school in Scarborough-on-Hudson in Briarcliff Manor New York. Frank and Narcissa Vanderlip established the school in 1913 at their estate Beechwood. The school taught students at pre-kindergarten to twelfth grade levels and had small class sizes with total enrollment rarely exceeding 150 students. Since 1980 the buildings and property have been owned by The Clear View School which runs a day treatment program for 83 students.
 The School of Hospitality Business is an industry-specific school within the Eli Broad College of Business at Michigan State University commonly referred to as The School. Founded in 1927 as the nation's first business-based hotel training course The School of Hospitality Business now has 802 undergraduate students 22 graduate students and 13 faculty members.Students in The School earn more than $300000 each academic year in merit-based scholarships.
 St John's C.of E. Primary School is a Church of England co-educational voluntary controlled primary school located in Burscough Lancashire. The school provides education for 184 pupils aged 4–11 with both infants and juniors. The current head teacher is Karen Cartwright. The school is associated with the nearby St John the Baptist parish church.
 Trinity Catholic Academy is a private Roman Catholic school located on the grounds of St. Mary's Parish in Southbridge Massachusetts. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Worcester.The school has an approximate enrollment of 250 students and classes range from Pre-K to the 8th grade. The student body is predominantly Catholic but the Academy does accept students of all faiths.
 Chenab College in Jhang Pakistan was established in 1991 which provides education and discipline. The college is situated 12 kilometers from the city. The total area of college is 148 acres (0.60 km2).The college consists of four main buildings:Juniors Wing: For boys and girls from Nursery to 5th standardSenior (Boys) Wing: 6th standard to F.Sc O' Level and A' Level(these are divided into two buildings) Senior (Girls) Wing: 6th standard to F.ScSenior Girls & Boys Wing: Msc. Bsc. Phd.
 The College of Biblical Studies–Houston is a private nonprofit nondenominational evangelical coed Bible college located in Houston Texas. The school was founded as the Houston Bible & Vocational Institute in 1976. In 2008 the college had 1399 students. In 2007 51% of students were African-American and 23% were Hispanic. Its president is William Blocker.
 Lutheran High School of Hawaii (LHSH) is a Lutheran High School located on the grounds of Our Redeemer Lutheran Church at 1404 University Avenue in Honolulu on Oahu Hawaii. LHSH is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) the Hawaii Association of Independent Schools (HAIS) and National Lutheran School Accreditation (NLSA) and is a member of the Interscholastic League of Honolulu (ILH) and PAC-5 sports programs.
 The University of Pisa (Italian: Università di Pisa UniPi) is an Italian public research university located in Pisa Italy. It was founded in 1343 by an edict of Pope Clement VI. It is the 19th oldest extant university in the world and the 10th oldest in Italy. The prestigious university is ranked between first and third places nationally in the top 30 in Europe and the top 300 in the world.
 The R.S. Krishnan Higher Secondary School is located in Tiruchirapalli (Trichy) Tamil Nadu India. It was founded in 1964 by the BHEL for making education an easy fetch to the children of the company's employees. Subsequently the school opened admissions for non-BHEL students too. Initially the school was given the name Boiler Plant Higher Secondary School and was renamed to be RS Krishnan Higher Secondary School in memory of the first executive director of BHEL.
 The University of Naples Federico II (Italian: Università degli Studi di Napoli Federico II) is a university located in Naples Italy. It was founded in 1224 and is organized into 13 faculties. It is the world's oldest state university and one of the oldest academic institutions in continuous operation. The university is named after its founder Frederick II.
 The University of Texas at Arlington (UT Arlington or UTA) is a state university located in Arlington Texas. The campus is situated southwest of downtown Arlington and is located in the Dallas–Fort Worth–Arlington metropolitan area. The university was founded in 1895 and served primarily a military academy during the early 20th century. After spending several decades in the Texas A&M University System the institution joined the University of Texas System in 1965.
 Minnechaug Regional High School (MRHS) is a public high school located in Wilbraham Massachusetts and has a student population of approximately 1400. It is the flagship school of the Hampden-Wilbraham Regional School District. The current principal is Mr. Stephen Hale. The school's official colors are green and white and its school mascot is the falcon.
 The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania (also known as the Wharton School the Wharton School of Business or Wharton) is the business school of the University of Pennsylvania a private Ivy League university in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Wharton is the United States' oldest business school and the world’s first business school affiliated with an institution of higher learning. It was established in 1881 through a donation from Joseph Wharton.
 Shandong University of Traditional Chinese Medicine (SDUTCM; simplified Chinese: 山东中医药大学; traditional Chinese: 山東中醫藥大學; pinyin: Shān dōngzhōngyī yàodà xué) is a university based in Jinan City Shandong Province China.Shandong University of Traditional Chinese Medicine （SDUTCM）was founded in 1958 listed as one of the key state construction TCM higher-learning institutes in 1978 and approved as one of the key Shandong provincial universities in 1981.
 Texas School for the Deaf is a state-operated primary and secondary school for deaf children in Austin Texas. It was first opened in 1857 in an old frame house three log cabins and a smokehouse. The school struggled under inadequate funding during the Civil War and its aftermath with the students eating food that they grew themselves on the school farm. In 1851 the State Board of Education assumed oversight of the school.
 Mater Dei Prep: A Catholic Preparatory School is a four-year Catholic coeducational high school located in the New Monmouth section of Middletown Township in Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The school announced that the name would be changed from Mater Dei High School to Mater Dei Prep as of Jul 1 2010 although it is still referred to as Mater Dei High School or MDHS.Mater Dei is part of St. Mary Parish and operates under the supervision of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Trenton.
 The Carl-Zeiss-Gymnasium Jena is a state-funded German elite Gymnasium (grammar school) for highly gifted students in the fields of math science and technology. Before changing its profile to fully focus and these aspects it used to be a regular German public Gymnasium with a special separate school section (Spezialschulteil) attached to it. The school is named after the famous optician Carl Zeiss and is located in the city of Jena in Germany (federal state of Thuringia).
 Muir Central College in Allahabad in northern India was a college of higher education founded by William Muir in 1872. It had a separate existence to 1921 when as a result of the Allahabad University Act it was merged into Allahabad University.The buildings (1872 to 1886) were to a design by William Emerson. Initially the College was affiliated to the University of Calcutta.
 Bonsall Union Elementary School District is a public school district based in San Diego County California United States
 Valencia High School is a public secondary school located in the Santa Clarita California community of Valencia California and part of the William S. Hart Union High School District. The Principal of Valencia High School is Dr. Paul Priesz.
 O'Donnell High School is a 1A high school located in O'Donnell Texas (USA). It is part of the O'Donnell Independent School District located in southeast Lynn County. In 2011 the school was rated Academically Acceptable by the Texas Education Agency.
 Bharati Vidyapeeth's College of Engineering (BVCOE) is an engineering college in Paschim Vihar New Delhi India. It is approved by All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) Ministry of Human Resource Development Government of India. The college was established in year 1999. Its parent body is Bharati Vidyapeeth Universitya Deemed University in Pune Maharashtra.
 Mewar University is an autonomous body set up by the Government of Rajasthan through Act. No. 4 of 2009 passed by the Rajasthan Assembly (Govt. of Rajasthan). The University is further approved by the UGC under u/s 2(f) of the UGC Act 1956 with the right to confer degree under u/s 22(1) of the UGC Act vide letter No.F.9-15/2009 (CPP-I) dt. 30 March 2009. Mewar University is promoted by the Mewar Education Society (MES) headed by Shri Ashok Kumar Gadiya.
 Universidad Rafael Landívar is a private Jesuit university in Guatemala. The main campus is in Zone 16 of Guatemala City and is known as Vista Hermosa III.
 Southern Maine Community College is a community college in South Portland Maine USA and one of the seven colleges in the Maine Community College System.
 The Concordia Theological Seminary is an institution of theological higher education of the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS) located in Fort Wayne Indiana dedicated primarily to the preparation of pastors for the congregations and missions of the LCMS and its partner churches.
 The North-West University is a newly merged institution from 1 January 2004 onwards with three campuses at Potchefstroom Mahikeng and Vanderbijlpark South Africa. The Potchefstroom Campus (founded in 1869) is the largest and the head office of the University is situated at this location.
 Bulacan Agricultural State College is an agricultural state college located in San Ildefonso Bulacan Philippines.It prides itself of being the lone agricultural HEI in the province of Bulacan. Its former name is Bulacan National Agricultural State College.
 Bellahouston Academy is a non-denominational state-run secondary school in Bellahouston south-west Glasgow Scotland.
 Hudson Catholic High School was a coeducational Catholic school in Hudson Massachusetts USA. It is within the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston. On March 29 2009 the parents and students were told that the high school would close in June after it graduated its 50th class. On June 4 2009 the school officially closed.
 Liskeard School and Community College is a secondary school located in the South-east Cornwall town of Liskeard. In 2012 it became part of the School's Cooperative Society as a foundation school.
 Princethorpe College is a Catholic independent day school located in Princethorpe near Rugby Warwickshire England. It was founded in the late 1950s as St Bede's College in Royal Leamington Spa before moving to its current site in 1966. It occupies a former Benedictine monastery surrounded by 200 acres (0.81 km2) of parkland. It is part of the Warwickshire Catholic Independent Schools Foundation (WCISF) following a merger with Crackley Hall School in 2002.
 Training Christians for Ministry (TCM) is a graduate level Christian seminary with offices in Indianapolis Indiana and a main educational facility located at Haus Edelweiss in Heiligenkreuz Austria along with 11 other sites.[citation needed] The seminary specializes in training minsters from Europe and Central Asia for ministries in their home countries.
 Park University is an independent non-profit private institution of higher education based in Parkville Missouri and has 40 campus center locations in 21 states and online. Established in 1875 as a small religiously-affiliated college it has now expanded into a comprehensive master level institution and one of the top providers of education courses for the U.S. military.Park is regionally accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools (NCA).
 Daramalan College is an ACT senior high school in Canberra Australia located in the suburb of Dickson near the Dickson Shopping Centre. It provides education from year 7 to year 12 in a co-educational environment. Run by the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart it has an emblem of a red eagle on a black shield.
 Deerwalk Institute of Technology (DWIT) is one of the IT Colleges located in Kathmandu Nepal which is affiliated to Institute of Science and TechnologyNepal Tribhuwan University. DWIT was founded by Nepalese entrepreneurs in collaboration with Deerwalk Inc a software company based in USA. DWIT's mission statement is To advance and disseminate knowledge with a curriculum that combines theory and practice in the fields of technology science and management.
 Midland Park High School is a six-year comprehensive public high school located in Midland Park New Jersey United States. Opened in 1957 it is a junior-senior high school and is part of the Midland Park School District. It is for students in grades 7 through 12.As of the 2010-11 school year the school had an enrollment of 414 students and 32.8 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis) for a student–teacher ratio of 12.62:1.
 St. Francis Secondary School Kota Kinabalu (Malay: SMK St. Francis Convent (M) Kota Kinabalu) is an all-girls secondary school and one of the oldest schools in Kota Kinabalu. The students in this school consist of different kinds of races regardless of religion despite being a mission school. The school building is located in Jalan Kebajikan which is now known as Jalan Harrington.
 The Miller College of Business (MCOB) is the business college of Ball State University in Muncie Indiana.
 Rovaniemi University of Applied Sciences (Finnish: Rovaniemen ammattikorkeakoulu RAMK) was a university of applied sciences in Rovaniemi Finland.It was established in 1996. Together with the University of Lapland and the Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences it is a part of the Lapland University Consortium. Itmerged with Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences into Lapland University of Applied Sciences on January 1 2014.
 St. Paul High School is a Catholic co-educational high school serving the Gateway Cities of Los Angeles County owned and operated by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles and was founded in 1956. The campus is located in Santa Fe Springs approximately 14 miles east of downtown Los Angeles.
 Tenaha High School is a 1A public high school located in Tenaha Texas (USA). It is part of the Tenaha Independent School District located in north central Shelby County. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Elmer Wood Elementary is a public school in the city of Atwater California. Students attend between Kindergarten and 6th grade. The school has about 560 pupils. It is the recipient of several awards including the 2000 California Distinguished School Award and the Title One Academic Achievement Award. The school year consists of approximately 180 days.
 Kolej MARA Seremban (KMS) or MARA College Seremban formerly known as Maktab Rendah Sains MARA (MRSM) or MARA Junior Science College was the first MRSM established in 1972. The college can accommodate up to 550 students per academic year. It is one of the four pre-university colleges operated by Majlis Amanah Rakyat (MARA) and is state funded. It is one of the few institutions in Malaysia that provides the IB Diploma Programme as well as A-levels.
 Bukidnon State University is a state university located in Malaybalay City Bukidnon Philippines. The school was formerly known as Bukidnon State College.It is the only university in the Province of Bukidnon that carries the name of Bukidnon in its official name.
 Woodrow Wilson Middle School is a middle school located in Edison New Jersey in the United States and is part of the Edison Township Public Schools. The school serves students in the 6th 7th and 8th grade in a two-story building. There are approximately 43 classrooms in the school. Graduates of Woodrow Wilson Middle School enter J. P.
 Tahuna Normal Intermediate School is a school for Year 7 (Form One) and Year 8 (Form Two) students based in Saint Kilda Dunedin New Zealand. It is located near Saint Kilda Beach. It has a Principal: Tony Hunter Deputy Principal: Keith Hutton 22 teachers teacher aids and Dunedin College of Education student teachers. It has a compulsory school uniform policy and most students are aged from 11 – 13 years.Most subjects are taught by class teachers.
 North Community High School or simply Minneapolis North is a public four-year high school located in Minneapolis Minnesota. The school has existed for over 120 years in several buildings all located on the North Side of Minneapolis. North once had a predominately Jewish student body but by 1982 the school and the neighborhood it is located in had become mostly African-American.
 State University of Tetovo (Albanian: Universiteti Shtetëror i Tetovës; Macedonian: Државен универзитет во Тетово) located in Tetovo is one of four Macedonia's state universities. The university was established on 17 December 1994 though not recognized as a state university by the national government until January 2004. The University is chaired by Dr. Vullnet Ameti. Courses and lectures are held in Albanian Macedonian and English.
 Lake Mary Preparatory School is a private school located in Lake Mary Florida. It serves grades Pre-K-12 and is co-educational and non-sectarian. The school blends typical core college preparatory curriculum with interdisciplinary teaching styles. It is accredited by the Florida Council of Independent Schools.The campus currently consists of two buildings.
 Sequoyah High School is a public high school in Madisonville Tennessee. The school a part of Monroe County Schools was built in 1995 and combined Vonore High School and Madisonville High School. It is named after the Cherokee Indian Sequoyah.
 Boston University's College of Communication (COM) is a communication school within Boston University. Founded in 1947 as the School of Public Relations it is the oldest public relations school in the United States. Today the school offers undergraduate and graduate degrees in three academic departments: Film and Television; Journalism; and Mass Communication (Advertising Public Relations and Communication Studies).
 Webster Vienna Private University is the Austrian branch of Webster University in St. Louis USA and is the only American university in Austria.
 The University of Southern California's Rossier School of Education is one of the graduate schools of the University of Southern California. Rossier offers six Masters degree programs a Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) degree a Global Executive Doctor of Education (Ed.D.) and a Ph.D. in Urban Education Policy. Rossier places an emphasis on the study of urban education locally nationally and globally. The school also houses the USC Language Academy and the Office of Professional Development.
 Located in Mercer Island Washington Northwest Yeshiva High School is the state's only Jewish High School. Its mission is to prepare its students to be “committed Jews who are well-rounded broadly educated intellectually engaged and caring members of their community.”The University of Washington the most academically selective university in the state ranks the high school 4th in the state.
 The Tippie College of Business at The University of Iowa established as the College of Commerce in 1921 is one of the oldest and top ranked business schools in the United States. The College was the first academic division at the University of Iowa to be named for an alumnus Henry B. Tippie a 1949 accounting graduate from Belle Plaine Iowa.
 Shenyang Aerospace University (SAU) formerly known as Shenyang Institute of Aeronautical Engineering is a comprehensive research university in Shenyang the capital of Liaoning province in Northeast China. It educates students for supporting the military and civil aviation industries of China.
 Larkin High School also known as LHS is a public four-year high school located in Elgin Illinois a north-west suburb of Chicago Illinois in the United States. It is part of Elgin Area School District U46 which also includes Elgin High School Bartlett High School South Elgin High School and Streamwood High School.
 The International Institute of Humanitarian Law is an independent non-profit humanitarian organisation founded in 1970. Its headquarters are situated in Villa Ormond Sanremo Italy. A liaison office of the Institute is established in Geneva Switzerland.
 Thomson High School (THS) is a public high school located in Thomson Georgia USA. It is the only high school in the McDuffie County School District.
 CIVA Charter High School is a public charter school in Colorado Springs Colorado. CIVA stands for Character Integrity Vision and the Arts.
 The Lycée Louis-le-Grand (French pronunciation: ​[lise lwi lə ɡʁɑ̃]) is a public secondary school located in Paris widely regarded as one of the most rigorous in France.
 Dean Morgan Junior High School is a public school in the Natrona County School District in Casper Wyoming. The school serves about 900 students in grades six through eight.
 Established in 1982 Immaculate Conception Apostolic School (ICAS) is a private Roman Catholic boarding school and high school seminary for boys in grades seven through twelve. It is located within the Diocese of Manchester and sponsored by the Legionaries of Christ a religious congregation of the Roman Catholic Church. The school stands overlooking Lake Winnipesaukee in the central New Hampshire town of Center Harbor. It serves approximately 80-100 students.
 Sacred Heart Girls High School is an educational institution in Thalassery situated in the heart of Thalassery town in front of the Thalassery Fort. Sacred Heart Girls High School is run by Apostolic Carmel Corporate management.
 Methodist Boys' School Kuala Lumpur (MBSSKL) is a cluster secondary school in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. It was founded in July 1897 making it one of the oldest schools in Malaysia. It is known as MBS and its students are known as MBSians. The school is also known as Marble School or Horley School to the community of Petaling Street. It is noted for its library which attracts visits from many other schools.The school was founded by Christian missionary Dr. Kensett in July 1897.
 Eastside Technical Center is a public high school located in Lexington Kentucky within the Fayette County Public School System.
 Damien High School is an all-male Roman Catholic high school in La Verne in the U.S. state of California named for Saint Damien of Molokai. The school had its first graduating class in 1963. Each of Damien's freshmen classes draws from an average of over 75 different elementary and junior high schools for youths from Los Angeles and San Bernardino counties. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles. It is a part of the tri-school community including St.
 Africa Beza University College (ABUC) is a private university college in Ethiopia founded on October 20 1998 in Awassa the Southern Nations Nationalities and Peoples Region state capital. It initially had an enrollment of 450 students. Shortly thereafter ABUC expanded to Shashemene and also opened Addis Ababa and Nekemte branches in October 1999 and January 2000 respectively.
 Mons Aurea or ROC Nova College is a middelbare school and former huishoud school on the Garenkokerskade Haarlem The Netherlands. It also offers various facilities for adult education.
 Harvard School of Dental Medicine (HSDM) is one of the graduate schools of Harvard University. It is an American dental school located in the Longwood Medical Area in Boston Massachusetts. In addition to the DMD degree HSDM offers specialty training programs advanced training programs a Ph.D. program through the Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences and Master of Medical Sciences & Doctor of Medical Sciences degrees through Harvard Medical School.
 Kennedy Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Hermitage Pennsylvania. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Erie.
 For other schools/colleges of the named for St. Augustine see St. Augustine High School (disambiguation).St Augustine's College is an Independent Roman Catholic School for boys in Year 5 to Year 12. The distinctive ethos of the College is Augustinian. It is conducted and was founded by the Order of St. Augustine.
 University School of Chemical Technology is one of the constituent school of Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University. It is the only institution dedicated to Chemical Technology except IIT Delhi in Delhi-NCR region. School was established on 1999; the same year when other constituent schools of university were formed.
 Forest Park Jr./Sr. High School is a 7-12 grade public learning institution located in Ferdinand Indiana. It serves the Southeast Dubois County School Corporation. The school's mascot is the Ranger and the colors are forest green and gold. Forest Park's school newspaper is called The Lookout.
 Turpin High School is a public high school in Cincinnati Ohio United States that serves grades nine through twelve. The school is part of the Forest Hills Local School District and serves the affluent suburb of Anderson Township; admission is based primarily on the location of a student's home. Turpin is accredited by the Ohio Department of Education and the North Central Association of Secondary Schools and Colleges.
 Westlands School is a secondary school in the Devon town of Torquay England. Established in 1973 the school has since become a co-educational bilateral school for children aged between 11 and 18. The school is located in the Plainmoor district of Torquay with most students living in the catchment area of Plainmoor St Marychurch Babbacombe and Ellacombe areas of the town.
 Blanche Ely High School is a high school located in Pompano Beach Broward County Florida. The school was formerly known as Pompano Negro Grammar School then Pompano Colored School. Originally the school (and its rival school Attucks High School) served only the black residents of Broward County. Blanche Ely High School serves all cities in Broward County that are north of Sunrise Blvd. The school is named for Blanche Ely an African-American teacher principal and social activist.
 Not to be confused with Antioch Community High SchoolAntioch High School is a public high school located in Antioch California USA. It is located at 700 West 18th Street between G and L streets. It is a comprehensive high school for grades 9-12. There are about 120 teachers and 20 maintenance and office staff. The administration consists of a principal and four vice-principals.
 Grainville School is a 11–16 inclusive secondary school in Jersey. The school has approximately 600 students and 70 members of staff.
 St. John the Baptist High School was a private Roman Catholic high school in St. Louis Missouri. It was located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Louis.The school closed in May 2008. But recently the lower grades from PK-8 had moved to the building and the old building that the grades had when the high school was open is now a school for other religious terms.
 Acle Academy (formerly known as Acle High School) is a secondary school with located in Acle Norfolk England. The academy status school has 700 students ranging in age from 11–16 years old. The head teacher is Mr. Tim Phillips (2013). There are five year groups at Acle Academy from Year 7 through to Year 11. It is one of the main feeder schools for East Norfolk Sixth Form College in Gorleston Paston College in North Walsham amongst others.
 Nur Islamic School of Louisville is a private Islamic school in Louisville Kentucky USA.
 Kaohsiung Municipal Girls' Senior High School (Chinese: 高雄市立高雄女子高級中學; pinyin: Gāoxióng Shìlì Gāoxióng Nǚzǐ Gāojí Zhōngxué) is a prestigious all-girls high school located in Cianjin District Kaohsiung City Taiwan.
 The College of Business Administration (CBA) is one of the 17 schools and colleges of University of Pittsburgh located in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. The CBA is the second largest degree granting school or college in the university and offers undergraduate Bachelors of Science in Business Administration. The CBA is a constituent college of the university's Joseph M.
 Payson-Seymour High School is a rural high school (grades 7-12) in Payson Adams County Illinois.Ethnically the students are 100% Caucasian.
 Indiana University—Purdue University Columbus (IUPUC) is a public university located in Columbus Indiana. IUPUC offers degree programs from both Indiana University and Purdue University.
 Clifton College is a co-educational independent school in the suburb of Clifton in the port city of Bristol in South West England founded in 1862. In its early years it was notable (compared with most Public Schools of the time) for emphasising science in the curriculum and for being less concerned with social elitism e.g. by admitting day-boys on equal terms and providing a dedicated boarding house for Jewish boys.
 Scoil Ide is a school located on Boot Road in Clondalkin County Dublin Ireland.It was established in TBS in the early stages of modern educational development in Ireland.
 Los Angeles Valley College is a community college located in the Valley Glen district of Los Angeles California in the east-central San Fernando Valley. The school is a part of the Los Angeles Community College District.The community college is adjacent to Grant High School. Often called Valley College or simply Valley by those who frequent the campus it opened its doors to the public on September 12 1949 at which time the campus was located on the site of Van Nuys High School.
 Stratford Central Secondary School is a Public High School in Stratford Ontario. It is one of three main high schools in Stratford. Central is known primarily for its academics arts and athletics programmes.
 John G. Diefenbaker High School is a senior public high school located at 6620 4th Street N.W. Calgary Alberta. The school is named after the 13th Prime Minister of Canada Rt. Hon. John Diefenbaker. The school is part of the Calgary Board of Education. The school graduates around 400 Grade 12 students every year with a 91% graduation rate. There are currently 1376 students (as of September 2012). [1]
 Kingston University is a public research university located in Kingston upon Thames southwest London United Kingdom. It was originally founded in 1899 and became a university in 1992.Campuses are located in Kingston and Roehampton. There is a wide range of undergraduate and postgraduate work spread across five faculties as well as some further education provisions.
 Woodman Junior High School is a major junior high school for S.W. Calgary Alberta Canada. The building was built in 1959 and has undergone some modifications from the original design including a new section added in the 60's.
 Clint Junior High School is a public school in Clint Texas (USA). It is part of the Clint Independent School District.
 Edge Hill University is a campus-based public university situated in Ormskirk Lancashire England. The institution was opened on 24 January 1885 as Edge Hill College the first non-denominational teacher training college for women in England before admitting its first male students in 1959.
 St. Mary’s University (SMU) established in 1998 is a prominent Ethiopian institution of higher learning located in the capital of the country Addis Ababa. The University is private young and dynamic. After fifteen years of dedicated service as a college first and a university college since 2008 it earned a university status from the Ethiopian Ministry of Education in Sept 2013.
 Lafayette High School located in Wildwood Missouri United States is a secondary school in the Rockwood School District.Lafayette High School opened September 7 1960 in one small building in Ellisville. To handle the growing student body the school moved in 1989 to Wildwood. The old school site became Crestview Middle School.Lafayette's colors are black and white often accented with gold. It has won many awards including 2 gold stars and one blue ribbon awarded by the U.S.
 Abby Kelley Foster Charter Public School is a small K-12 school located at 10 New Bond St. Worcester Massachusetts in former Heald Machine Company buildings. The school was founded in 1998.
 Dyffryn Taf is the name of a Comprehensive School with both English and Welsh classes in Whitland Dyfed Wales United Kingdom.It was founded in the 19th century as a small grammar school and has expanded since then into a large school of approximately 900 pupils today. As of 2007 the latest additions to the school buildings have been a new maths block and an extended gym.
 Xinjiang University (XJU) (Uyghur: شىنجاڭ ئۇنىۋېرستېتى‎ Chinese: 新疆大学; pinyin: Xīnjiāng Dàxué) is one of the major universities in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region People’s Republic of China and is a national key university. Established in 1924 and located in Urumqi Xinjiang University is a comprehensive university with the highest academic level in Xinjiang under Project 211.
 Hunan University of Humanities Science and Technology （simplified Chinese: 湖南人文科技学院; traditional Chinese: 湖南人文科技學院; pinyin: Húnán Rénwén Kējì Xuéyuàn）(HUHST) established in 1978 is a state-owned provincial university of higher education approved by the Chinese Ministry of Education. It is located in Loudi a newly built city in central Hunan province China .
 Glendora Unified School District is a public school district based in Los Angeles County California United States.
 Lady Margaret School is a smaller than average all-girls' Church of England secondary school in Parsons Green Fulham London. It was awarded specialist school status as a Mathematics & Computing College in September 2003 and became an academy in September 2012.
 Scecina Memorial High School a Roman Catholic co-educational high school located on the East Side of Indianapolis Indiana. It is named in honor of Father Thomas Scecina a priest from Indianapolis who was killed in action while ministering to United States military personnel during the Second World War with the 57th Infantry Division Fort McKinley Luzon Philippines.
 National Junior College (Simplified Chinese: 国家初级学院) is the first junior college to be established by the Ministry of Education. First established in 1969 it is considered to be amongst the top five junior colleges in Singapore. Since its founding National Junior College has offered a two-year course for pre-university students leading up to the GCE 'A' Levels. In 2004 the college started the four-year Integrated Programme.
 Faculty of Medicine is one of the eight faculties in University of Peradeniya. It is the second faculty of Medicine in Sri Lanka.
 The MES College Marampally Aluva is an institute of higher education located in Kerala India between Aluva and Perumbavoor. It was founded in 1995 and is managed by Muslim Educational Society. It is Accredited with NAAC and affiliated to Mahatma Gandhi University.
 Herndon High School is a former high school located in Herndon Kansas USA which served students in grades 9-12. Herndon High School was the only high school within the city limits of Herndon Kansas. The school colors were blue and yellow and the school mascot was a Beaver. The average annual enrollment was approximately 200 students from several communities. Herndon High School was established in either 1912 or 1915.
 The Robert Day School of Economics and Finance at Claremont McKenna College is home to a master's program in finance undergraduate programs in economics and economics-accounting and the Robert Day Scholars program which sponsors generous fellowships for both undergraduate and graduate students who pursue coursework combining economics accounting finance and leadership studies and offers a rich co-curricular program that includes leadership development workshops.
 Collingwood School is an independent non-denominational co-educational university-preparatory school founded in 1984. Located in West Vancouver British Columbia Canada it delivers the British Columbia Ministry of Education curriculum from Junior Kindergarten to Grade 12.
 The Information Technology Institute (ITI) is a national institute established in 1993 in Egypt specializing in IT.The Information Technology Institute (ITI) is a national institute established in 1993 by the Egyptian Information and Decision Support Center (IDSC). It provides specialized software development programs to fresh graduates as well as professional training programs and IT courses for the Egyptian Government ministries and local decision support centers.
 The Siskiyou Union High School District is a public secondary education school district in Siskiyou County California. There are presently five small rural high schools within the district four of which are traditional secondary education facilities: Mt. Shasta High School Weed High School Happy Camp High School and McCloud High School; the fifth Jefferson High School is the district's continuation school.
 Monterey Peninsula Unified School District is a public school district based in Monterey County California United States.
 Hewitt-Trussville High School is a high school located in Trussville Alabama. The school was named after Robert Hewitt who was school superintendent in 1869. Hewitt-Trussville has several varsity sports teams including baseball football basketball soccer golf wrestling cross-country indoor and outdoor track and field cheerleading and volleyball. The school also has several reputable electives and extra-curricular activities including a class 4A band. The former R.G.
 Fairmont Heights High School (est.1950) is a public comprehensive secondary school located in Fairmount Heights Maryland in Prince George's County just outside of Washington D.C. It is part of the Prince George's County Public Schools system. Two middle schools (G. James Gholson and Kenmoor both in Landover) feed into Fairmont Heights. It is one of the oldest[citation needed] high schools in Prince George's County and is part of the School Board District 3.
 City Vision College is the accredited Internet-based distance learning program of TechMission. Its mission is to provide practical online education to those involved in urban ministry nonprofit management and addiction counseling.
 The Model Technical Higher Secondary School (M.T.H.S.S.) is a group of schools located in Kaprassery Kerala India. The schools were established as part of the growth in the technology and hi-tech sectors and as a means of providing education in these areas. The schools are managed by the Institute of Human Resources Development (IHRD) and promote scientific advancement technological progress and economic growth. The instruction is conducted in English.
 The Woodward School is a historical private secular day school for girls in grades six through twelve. It is located in Quincy Massachusetts near Quincy Center and is the only private high school in the city. On top of its core syllabus the school offers a wide curriculum which includes Latin Greek French Spanish Italian Psychology Rhetoric Latin American Studies Digital Design Photography Jazz Music Music Theory to name but a few.
 Rajshahi University School (RUS) (Bengali: রাজশাহী বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় ষ্কুল) is a co-educational Bangladeshi school (Grade I-XII) situated in Rajshahi University. It was established in 1966. Admissions are based on an entrance test and a viva-voce (oral examination). The school provides education to its students in Bengali medium under the national curriculum. Students are admitted to the institution in First Second Third and in Eleventh grade.
 Innova Primary School is a government co-educational primary school in Singapore. It is situated along Woodlands Drive 17 in Woodlands. The current principal is Mr Michael Saw [1].
 Mountain Ridge High School is a public high school in the Deer Valley Unified School District (DVUSD).
 Southbridge Primary School is a co-educational school based in Southbridge New Zealand for 5 to 11 year olds. The school is divided into seven to eight communities: Community 7 for year ones to Community 1 for year sixes with Community eight for new entrants in terms three and four.
 Fir Vale Academy Trust is a secondary school with Converter academy status in Page Hall Sheffield South Yorkshire England It is a school in a very challenging context.HistoryFir Vale School was opened in 1998 by the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh to replace the troubled Earl Marshall School under the government's Fresh Start scheme.[1] It serves approximately 930 students from the local area with a wide cultural mix over 35 languages are spoken in the school.
 Maybeck High School is a coeducational teacher-run independent college preparatory high school located in Berkeley California.
 The National Screen Institute of Canada (NSI) is a non-profit organization headquartered in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. The organization describes itself as Canada's national film television and digital media training school for writers directors and producers. The NSI was created in 1986 as a renaming of the Canadian Screen Institute (CSI) and originally functioned as part of the University of Alberta and is Canada's oldest nationally recognized film and television training school.
 Lara Secondary College is a public co-educational secondary school located in Lara Australia which shares fences with the local primary school Lara Primary School. Lara secondary college accommodates approximately 900 students from years 7–12. The school officially opened taking just year 7 students on the current site in 2003.
 Basic High School is a nine-month public high school that is part of the Clark County School District and was the first High School in Henderson Nevada.
 Texas State Technical College System (TSTC) is a system of two-year technical schools in Texas. It is the only state-operated system of two-year colleges in Texas.TSTC's headquarters are at the old Connally Air Force Base north of Waco Texas and are co-located with the Waco campus which is its oldest and flagship campus.
 Porsgrunn videregående skole is an upper secondary school located in the town of Porsgrunn in the county Telemark in Norway. The school is Telemark county's biggest school together with Skien videregående skole and has a total of 1150 students and about 170 employees.
 The International Olympiad on Astronomy and Astrophysics (IOAA) is an annual astronomy competition for high school students. It is one of the international science olympiads.The Olympiad was founded from a dissidence inside the International Astronomy Olympiad in order to increase the scope of the organization. The first IOAA website states that: IOAA is designed to be a truly international organization on Astronomy and Astrophysics competitions.
 Gridley High School is a public high school in Gridley California United States a city north of Sacramento California and south of Redding California.
 County Prep High School is a full-time public magnet high school located in Jersey City New Jersey United States operating as part of the Hudson County Schools of Technology. As of the 2010-11 school year the school had an enrollment of 612 students and 63.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis) for a student–teacher ratio of 9.64:1. There were 179 students (29.2% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 98 (16.0% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
 St. Thomas College Palai was founded on 7 August 1950 by the Diocese of Palai Kerala India.The college was accredited at Four Star level by NAAC in 2000 and is affiliated to Mahatma Gandhi University Kottayam. It is recognized under section 2(f) and 12B of the UGC Act 1956. The Government of Kerala has recognized the College as a Special Grade College
 Lorain County Community College is a community college located in the city of Elyria in Lorain County Ohio United States which is part of the Greater Cleveland region. Its motto is Real education for a real future. It was visited by U.S.
 Malabar College of Engineering and Technology is a private engineering college situated in Wadakkancherry Thrissur District of Kerala India. The college is affiliated to All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) New Delhi and the University of Calicut.
 Hampton High School is an accredited comprehensive public high school serving students in grades nine through twelve in Hampton Arkansas United States. Administered by the Hampton School District as the sole public high school in Calhoun County Arkansas the district encompasses 479.67 square miles (1242.3 km2) of land including Hampton and all or portions of Harrell Tinsman and Camden.
 Dagfa School Nottingham is an independent co-educational school in Beeston Nottinghamshire England which includes Dagfa Nursery Dagfa Junior School and Dagfa Senior School.
 Our Lady of Lourdes Roman Catholic Primary School (commonly abbreviated to OLOL) is a primary school in The Limes Avenue near Bowes Road in Arnos Grove in the London Borough of Enfield. The school opened in 1971. An ICT suite was built at the school in 2001 and the school won achievement awards from the DfES in 2001 2002 and 2003. The school has recently had a rapid increase in the number of after school clubs offered although it remains a single form entry school.
 Charotar University of Science and Technology – CHARUSAT is established under the Gujarat Act No. 8 of 2009 Government of Gujarat. University Grants Commission (UGC) has empowered CHARUSAT to award Degrees under Section 22 of UGC Act 1956. Earlier campus was known as Education Campus Changa till 2009.
 Admiralty Secondary School is government secondary school in Singapore.
 International Christian School is an English language Christian independent school in Hong Kong. Founded in 1992 it provides education at all grades from kindergarten to the senior secondary levels. The school's traditional rivals are Hong Kong International School and Chinese International School. The school was chosen as one of the top private international schools in the Top 10 Private International Schools in Hong Kong list in the China Service Mall site.
 Principia College (commonly referred to as Principia or Prin) is a private liberal arts college in Elsah Illinois United States.
 Willingdon Secondary School is a public high school in Burnaby British Columbia part of School District 41 Burnaby.
 Liston College is a college in Auckland New Zealand for year 7 to 13 boys and offers a Catholic education to its students. It was the second school opened by the Christian Brothers in Auckland. It was named after Archbishop Liston (1881–1976) the seventh Catholic Bishop of Auckland (1929–1970). The school was founded in 1974 to serve the Catholic families of West Auckland and to absorb the growing number of boys who travelled daily to St Peter's College in central Auckland.
 The Armstrong School District is a large public school district which encompasses approximately 437 square miles (1130 km2). The District is one of the 500 public school districts of Pennsylvania.
 Heathfield Community School is a state secondary school located at West Monkton in the outskirts of Taunton England. It has 1272 students aged 11 to 16 as of January 2012 and has an Arts College specialist status. The headteacher is Peter Hoare.
 Palatka High School is a public high school located in Palatka Florida operated by the Putnam County School Board. The school was established 1977 after merging two existing schools - Palatka Central and Palatka South. The campus has recently completed several renovation projects with science labs new classrooms a performing arts area and office areas. Palatka High School serves the Palatka and East Palatka areas.
 Inverurie Academy is a secondary school in Inverurie Aberdeenshire Scotland. Inverurie Academy is located on Jackson Street Inverurie
 The St Leonards Academy is a coeducational secondary school with academy status located in St Leonards-on-Sea area of Hastings in the English county of East Sussex.The St Leonards Academy was established in September 2011 from a merger of Filsham Valley School and The Grove School. The school continues to operate over both school sites however and continues to coordinate with East Sussex County Council for admissions.
 Kings Park Secondary School on Fetlar Drive in the Kings Park area of south Glasgow is a Scottish non-denominational state school.
 Established in 1857 Upper Iowa University (UIU) is a private institution of higher education with its residential campus located in northeast Iowa United States near the Volga River in the rural community of Fayette where around 900 students are enrolled. UIU offers distance education programs that include 15 centers in the U.S. an online program an independent study program and centers in Hong Kong Singapore and Malaysia.
 Jamesville High School was a public high school located in Jamesville North Carolina. It was one of four high schools in Martin County Schools that were closed circa 2010. Students formerly served by this school are now served by Riverside High School.Jamesville High School's enrollment as of 2010 was 259 students. The student body was 74% White; 24% Black; and 2% Hispanic.
 The Residential Center of Educative Opportunities of Mayagüez (C.R.O.E.M.) is a magnet secondary specialized High School in Mayagüez in the United States insular area of Puerto Rico. The Puerto Rico Department of Education operates the school.
 Moscow State University of Medicine and Dentistry - principal university for preparing dentists and one of the leading universities in Russia for training in the specialty Medicine. The university has nearly 80-year history which dates back to the first dental schools that have emerged in Russia in the 19th century.The University counts its history from 2 April 1922 when the State Institute of Dentistry (GHI) was founded.
 Rastrick High School (and Sixth Form) is a mixed-gender academy school for 11- to 18-year-olds located in Rastrick West Yorkshire England. A specialist school it is a Technology College.
 Northbrook College is a further education and higher education college with campuses in Worthing and nearby Shoreham-by-Sea in West Sussex. It is also the principal provider of work-related further education in the Worthing area.
 Christian Academy of Knoxville (CAK) is a non-denominational Christian school located in Knoxville Tennessee. The coeducational day school enrolls nearly 1200 students in grades PreK-12.CAK lies on 77 acres in West Knoxville. The campus includes four buildings: an elementary school middle school high school and an administrative/athletic complex known as the Campus Center.
  established in 1972 is a college in Purba Medinipur district. It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences. It is affiliated to Vidyasagar University.
 This is a list of the high schools in the Peoria Unified School District in order of completion.
 Saint Martin's School of Art was an art college in London England. It offered foundation and degree level courses. It was established in 1854 initially under the aegis of the church of St Martin-in-the-Fields. Saint Martin's became part of the London Institute in 1986 and in 1989 merged with the Central School of Art and Design to form Central Saint Martins College of Arts and Design.
 Walisongo State Institute for Islamic Studies (IAIN Walisongo) is a public university in Indonesia. It is also called Institut Agama Islam Negeri (IAIN) Walisongo Semarang and located in Semarang Central Java Indonesia.
 The Universidad Nacional de Colombia San Andrés (also called Sede Caribe) is a public coeducational research university is one of the satellite campus of the National University of Colombia System.
 St. Patrick's College (SPC) is a private Roman Catholic day school for boys situated on the waterfront in Shorncliffe north of Brisbane in Queensland Australia.Established by the Congregation of Christian Brothers in 1952 the college currently enrols approximately 1226 students across eight grades (Years 5 to 12). SPC is one of eight member schools a part of the Associated Independent Colleges (AIC) and also competes in the Combined Independent Colleges (CIC) in the junior school.
 West Virginia University (WVU) is a public land grant research university in Morgantown West Virginia. Its other campuses include the West Virginia University Institute of Technology in Montgomery and Potomac State College of West Virginia University in Keyser; and a second clinical campus for the University's medical and dental schools at Charleston Area Medical Center in Charleston. WVU Extension Service provides outreach with offices in all of West Virginia's 55 counties.
 St. Peter Catholic High School is a catholic high school located in the Ottawa suburb of Orleans. The current principal is Norma McDonald. The school offers grades 7-12 and a daycare service. The current school population rests at 1900 students with 420 staff members.
 Sequoyah High School (also known as Sequoyah-Tahlequah) is a Native American boarding school serving students in grades 9–12 who are members of a federally recognized Native American tribe. The school is located in Tahlequah Oklahoma and is a Bureau of Indian Education grant school operated by the Cherokee Nation. Sequoyah Schools also has an elementary school grades pre-school through 8.
 The Air War College (AWC) is the senior professional military education school of the U.S. Air Force. A part of the United States Air Force's Air University AWC emphasizes the employment of air space and cyberspace in joint operations. Headquartered at Maxwell Air Force Base in Montgomery Alabama its higher headquarters is Air Education and Training Command (AETC) at Randolph Air Force Base San Antonio Texas.
 Oak Ridge High School is the public high school for Oak Ridge Tennessee enrolling grades 9 through 12. It was established in 1943 to educate the children of Manhattan Project workers.
 Since its formation in 1991 the School of Economics and Management (İqtisadiyyat və Menecment fakültəsi) at Khazar University has been a leading business school in Azerbaijan. It pioneered the introduction and development of an open Western education system in Azerbaijan and its adaption to regional needs.Since 1997 Professor Mahammad Nuriyev Doctor of Sciences has been the dean of the School of Economics and Management (SEM).
 Rowan–Cabarrus Community College (RCCC) is a large community college in Rowan County and Cabarrus County North Carolina USA. It is one of 58 colleges in the state-supported North Carolina Community College System.RCCC offers fully accredited associate degree programs in more than 40 areas of study including arts and sciences business information technology health and public services engineering technologies and biotechnology.
 Lake City College Preparatory Academy is a public charter school authorized by the South Carolina Public Charter School District. Opened in 2010 Lake City College Preparatory Academy currently serves students in grades K-10 using a creative art-based curriculum. Lake City College Preparatory Academy is located in Lake City South Carolina.
 The School for Advanced Research on the Human Experience (SAR) until 2007 known as the School of American Research and originally founded in 1907 as the School for American Archaeology (SAA) is an advanced research center located in Santa Fe New Mexico USA.
 Eagle Academy is an alternative high school in Eagle Idaho USA.
 Mount Eden High School is a high school in Hayward California founded in 1960. It is part of the Hayward Unified School District. Mount Eden is located in West Hayward near Union City.
 St Cyres School is a co-educational foundation status comprehensive school and Sixth form college located in Penarth Vale of Glamorgan Wales 5.2 miles (8.4 kilometres) south west from the Welsh capital city of Cardiff. The school has produced several notable International sportsmen and sportswomen.
 The University of Pannonia (University of Veszprém until March 1 2006; Hungarian Pannon Egyetem formerly known as Veszprémi Egyetem) is a university located in Veszprém Hungary. It was founded in 1949 and is organized in five faculties: Arts and Humanities Engineering Agriculture Economics and Information Technology.
 Stamford American International School (SAIS) is a co-educational international school centrally located at 279 Upper Serangoon Road (1 Woodleigh Lane) in Singapore. The school is owned and operated by Cognita and enrolled its first students in August 2009. The school is centrally located next to the Woodleigh MRT and a short drive from most expat communities.
 The Bush Temple Conservatory of Music and Dramatic Art was an American conservatory of music based in Chicago with a branches in Dallas and Memphis.
 Geneva High School is a four-year comprehensive school and an institute of secondary education located in Geneva Ohio USA. It is a member of the Geneva Area City School District and is the largest school within the system.
 École secondaire publique Louis-Riel (Louis Riel Public Secondary School) is a high school in the Blackburn Hamlet neighbourhood of Ottawa Ontario Canada part of the Conseil des écoles publiques de l'Est de l'Ontario (Eastern Ontario Public School Board). It opened in the fall of 1980 and the name Louis Riel was chosen by the students in 1981.Phase 1 of the school's construction finished in 1980 accommodating 250 students from the Gloucester region in the east end of Ottawa.
 Case Western Reserve School of Medicine (CWRU SOM CaseMed) is one of the graduate schools of Case Western Reserve University and is located in the University Circle neighborhood of Cleveland Ohio. The School of Medicine is among the top 25 medical schools in America and is the top-ranked medical school of Ohio in research per U.S. News & World Report. Additionally Case School of Medicine is the largest biomedical research center in Ohio.
 Rawlins High School is a public high school located in Rawlins Wyoming United States. Rawlins High School is part of Carbon County School District #1.
 Paul Harding High School was a public high school located on the southeast side of Fort Wayne Indiana. Harding was part of the East Allen County Schools system located in Allen County Indiana.
 Pearl River Community College is a public community college in Poplarville Mississippi USA. It was founded as Pearl River County Agricultural High School in 1909 then became the first junior college in Mississippi in 1921.
 The University of Caxias do Sul (Universidade de Caxias do Sul in Portuguese UCS) is among the largest universities in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul by number of students (37021). It was founded in 1967. It is almost completely located in Caxias do Sul but there are also campi in Bento Gonçalves Vacaria Farroupilha Guaporé Nova Prata São Sebastião do Caí Canela and Veranópolis.
 Coláiste Iognáid (Irish: Coláiste Iognáid) a bilingual secondary school is located on Sea Road/Bóthar na Mara in Galway Ireland. It was originally founded in 1645 and has had numerous locations over the years before its current home. The college is a co-educational non-fee paying secondary school and one of a number of Jesuit schools in Ireland. There are approximately 600 pupils in the school.
 Marco Antonio Firebaugh High School also known as Firebaugh High School - or just FHS is one of the three high schools in Lynwood California. The others are Lynwood High School and Vista High School. It is a part of the Lynwood Unified School District.Marco A. Firebaugh High School was founded in 2005. Since February 2008 Firebaugh High School has been an IB World School in the Diploma Program. Its first graduating class was in the 2008-09 academic school year.
 The Gamal Abdel Nasser University of Conakry (in French L'Université Gamal Abdel Nasser de Conakry) is the largest university in Guinea and located in the suburbs of the Guinean capital Conakry. It is also commonly known by the shorter name the University of Conakry as a shortened nameThe university was established in 1963 (not 1974 as the source says) as Polytechnical Institute of Conakry (in French Institut Polytechnique de Conakry) being the first higher education institution in Guinea.
 Naledi High School is a government secondary school at 892 Nape Street in Soweto. The school took an important role at the start of the Soweto Uprising in 1976.
 Sultan Ageng Tirtayasa University (abbreviated as Untirta) is the only state university in the province of Banten Indonesia. The main campus is in Serang and the faculty of engineering is at Cilegon.
 Woodrow Wilson High School is a public high school located in Portsmouth Virginia. It is administered by Portsmouth City Public Schools. The school colors are royal blue orange and white and the nickname is the Presidents.
 The Norwegian University of Science and Technology (Norwegian: Norges Teknisk-Naturvitenskapelige Universitet i Trondheim abbreviated NTNU - Trondheim) formerly the University of Trondheim (Norwegian: Universitetet i Trondheim) is a public research university located in the city of Trondheim Norway. NTNU is the second largest of the eight universities in Norway and as its name suggests has the main national responsibility for higher education in engineering and technology.
 The American School In Switzerland (TASIS) is a private coeducational boarding and day school for elementary middle and high school students. Located in Montagnola a village south of Lugano in canton Ticino TASIS enrolls approximately 700 pupils from around the world including 270 middle and high school boarding students. TASIS is the oldest American college-preparatory boarding school in Europe.
 Cheonan National Technical College was a public vocational college located in Cheonan City South Chungcheong province South Korea. The school was amalgamated with Kongju National University in 2005 and exists today as Kongju National University's Cheonan campus.
 The Mercer Area School District is a small suburban public school district serving parts of Mercer County Pennsylvania USA. Its namesake and central locality is the borough of Mercer; other communities in the district include Jefferson Township Coolspring Township Findley Township and East Lackawannock Township. The district encompasses approximately 91 square miles (240 km2). According to 2002 local census data it serves a resident population of 11000.
 This list of college-dropout billionaires is based (where not otherwise noted) on an annual ranking of the world's wealthiest people compiled and published by Forbes magazine on March 11 2009. The list does not include heads of state whose wealth is tied to their position (see List of heads of state and government by net worth). College dropout refers to a person who has dropped out from a college or university before completing his/her degree.
 James J. Ferris High School is a four-year public high school located in Jersey City New Jersey operated as part of the Jersey City Public Schools. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1940.The school is named after James J.
 The Egyptian Association of Canterbury (EAC) is a New Zealand non-profit charitable organisation. EAC was established in Christchurch in March 2004. Membership is open to all residents of Canterbury who are of Egyptian origin or descent.
 The University of Colorado Boulder (also commonly referred to as CU-Boulder CU Boulder or Colorado) is a public research university located in Boulder Colorado United States. It is the flagship university of the University of Colorado system and was founded five months before Colorado was admitted to the union in 1876.
 Al-Jamiatul Islamiah Azizul Uloom Babunagar also known as Babunagar Madrasah (বাবুনগর মাদ্রাসা) is one of the well-known Qawmi Madrasahs in Chittagong. Established in 1924 situated at Babunagar Fatikchhari there are at present about 3000 students acquiring education.
 The University of North Texas College of Business is a constituent college of the University of North Texas in Denton. It is organized in five academic departments — (i) Accounting (ii) Finance Insurance Real Estate & Law (FIREL) (iii) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (iv) Management and (v) Marketing & Logistics.
 Little Flower Academy (informally referred to as LFA) is an independent Catholic girls' day school in Vancouver British Columbia. Established in 1927 by the Sisters of Saint Ann. It educates students at the secondary level between the grades of eight and twelve. It is located in the Shaughnessy neighbourhood between Shaughnessy Elementary School and York House School.
 Shree Rayeshwar Institute of Engineering and Information Technology (SRIEIT) popularly known as RIT Shiroda or RIT is an All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) approved private engineering school/institution affiliated to Goa University located in Shiroda Goa.
 New England Bible College is a small four-year coeducational Bible college in South Portland Maine. There are on average 50 to 60 enrolled students each semester. </ref>
 Ayutthaya Wittayalai School (Thai: โรงเรียนอยุธยาวิทยาลัย) is a school in Thailand established on March 1905 in H.M.the King Chulalongkorn's region.
 Bangor University (Welsh: Prifysgol Bangor) is a Welsh university based in the city of Bangor in the county of Gwynedd in North Wales. It received its Royal charter in 1885 and was one of the founding Member institution of the former federal University of Wales. It was officially known for most of its history as the University of Wales Bangor (UWB) (Welsh: Prifysgol Cymru Bangor).
 SMK Taman Selesa Jaya 2 is a day school in Skudai Johor Malaysia. The enrollment of students is controlled by the state Education Department of Johor. The school code at the Johor Bahru District Education Office is JEA 1084. It does not have a formal name in English but it is usually translated as Selesa Jaya Secondary School 2. The suffix 2 suggests a relationship with SMK Taman Selesa Jaya which is located less than 5 km away.
 Illinois Wesleyan University is an independent undergraduate liberal arts college located in Bloomington Illinois. Founded in 1850 the central portion of the present campus was acquired in 1854 with the first building erected in 1856. It comprises 17 academic departments offering 50 majors and 476 courses.The University's mission is to foster the traditional liberal arts of creativity character and knowledge.
 Kentlake High School is a public high school of more than 1500 students located in Kent Washington USA. It is part of the Kent School District.With more than 62.9% of the school being of white descent Kentlake is one of the least diverse schools in the Kent District.
 The Mother's International School (MIS) is a public secondary school in New Delhi India. It is an establishment of the Sri Aurobindo Education Society an agency of the Sri Aurobindo Ashram. It shares its campus with the New Delhi branch of the Ashram. The school is an English-medium co-educational institution affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE).It has featured thrice in the Outlook C-Fore Best School Survey as the best school in Delhi and one of the top 10 in India.
 St. Paul's R.C. Academy is a state secondary school in Dundee Scotland. It is a denominational school within the Catholic religious tradition although it welcomes students from all religious backgrounds.The school was established in 2009 as a merger between Lawside Academy and St. Saviours High School. The combined school occupies a new site on Gillburn Road in the Kirkton area of Dundee with the two previous sites left empty. As it is north of St.
 St Paul's is a co-educational private school conducted under the auspices of the Anglican diocese of Brisbane. In 2010 the school celebrated 50 years since its foundation. The school first opened on 31 January 1960. It is named after St Paul's School in London. St. Paul's School offers an academic and technical education as well as a range of co-curricular activities.
 Grace Theological Seminary (GTS) is a conservative evangelical Christian seminary located in Winona Lake Indiana. GTS is joined with Grace College and is associated with the Fellowship of Grace Brethren Churches. The seminary enjoys a history that dates back to its 1937 organization by Alva J. McClain the founder and first president.
 Ulverstone High School is the only co-educational public high school in Ulverstone Tasmania. It is one of only 2 schools that are in the Central Coast; the other one being Penguin High School. The school was established in 1953 and is one of the few high schools in Tasmania to cater for deaf students.
 Highline Big Picture is a small school in the Highline School District in SeaTac Washington that is part of a network of Big Picture schools all over the United States. The school opened 2005 with 2009 being the first year with a graduating class. At Highline Big Picture the 9th graders are called 101's 10th graders 201's 11th graders 301's and 12th graders 401's. Highline Big Picture as part of the Big Picture Network practices Learning Through Internships or LTI.
 Mardin Artuklu University is a university located in Mardin Turkey. It was established in 2007.
 Hicksville High School is a public high school in Hicksville Ohio. It is the only high school in the Hicksville Schools district. Their nickname is the Aces. They are a member of the Green Meadows Conference.
 Chesapeake High School is a public high school in Chesapeake (Lawrence County) Ohio. It is the only high school in the Chesapeake Union Exempted Village School District. Their athletic teams' nickname is the Panthers. Their school colors are purple and white. They have football basketball baseball softball track and field golf soccer volleyball and wrestling programs. For the 2012 season the Panthers football team will play all their games away due to stadium construction.
 Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Technology is an institute affiliated to the University of Mumbai. It offers the Bachelor of Engineering (B.E) undergraduate course which is its flagship course in five disciplines. Founded in 1992 the institute is located in Andheri Mumbai India. The college is run by the Manjara Charitable Trust and was accredited by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). It is recognised by the Directorate of Technical Education in Maharashtra and the UGC.
 The Asian Institute of Communication and Research better known as AICAR Business School or simply AICAR is a management institute located in Matheran about 90 minutes from Mumbai in India. AICAR is a residential institute.
 Steller Secondary School is an alternative school located in Anchorage Alaska. It is based on the philosophy that students have the right to control their own education. The Anchorage School District established the school in 1974 as a response to a proposal by the Committee of Alternative Secondary Education. Steller was named after Georg Wilhelm Steller a naturalist from Germany who traveled with Vitus Bering on an exploratory voyage to Alaska.
 Sree Krishna College is an Guruvayur Devaswom Board arts and science college in Guruvayoor Thrissur District. The college comes under Calicut University an was established in July 18 1964.
 The Center for Higher Studies of the Legion of Christ is where most the members of the congregation study their philosophy and theology in preparation for priestly ordination. It is located on the west side of Rome near Via Aurelia right behind the Pontifical Athenaeum Regina Apostolorum. Most of the religious brothers study at Regina Apostolorum while living at the center (all Legionaries live either at the center or the or General house on Via Aurelia while studying philosophy and theology).
 Vincent Memorial Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Calexico California. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Diego The school serves approximately 300 students.
 Smithfield State High School is a secondary school located in Smithfield Queensland in Australia. It attracts students primarily from Cairns and Kuranda. The school has about 850 students. The current principal is Barry Courtney.
 Sant Longowal Institute of Engineering and Technology (SLIET) is an Institute of Technology with status Deemed University in Longowal city Sangrur district Punjab India. The institute is located on 451 acres (1.83 km2) of land provided by the Sate Government of Punjab.
 Balwearie High School is a non-denominational comprehensive secondary school at the west end of Kirkcaldy in Scotland. Balwearie serves around 1750 pupils aged from 11 to 18 and includes a Department of Additional Support (DAS for short) for children with Additional Support Needs.
 Bellevue College is an open-access community-based public (state-assisted) institution of higher education located in Bellevue Washington a city on the Eastside of Lake Washington near Seattle.
 Mattawan High School is the name of the high school that serves the village of Mattawan Michigan. The approximate total enrollment for Mattawan High School is 1200 students. Mattawan High School has a two-member counseling and support team a four-member administration staff a sixty-three-member teaching staff and thirty-member support staff.
 Beijing Normal University (simplified Chinese: 北京师范大学; traditional Chinese: 北京師範大學; pinyin: Běijīng Shīfàn Dàxué) colloqiually known as 北师大 or Beishida is a public research university located in Beijing with strong emphasis on basic disciplines of humanities and sciences.
 Chiltern Edge School (also known as Chiltern Edge Secondary School) is a mixed comprehensive 11-16 school in Sonning Common Oxfordshire (near Reading in Berkshire). The school has been awarded Language College status.Students come from Caversham Emmer Green Sonning Common Henley on Thames  Shiplake and other nearby areas in both Oxfordshire and Berkshire.
 Devine High School is a public secondary school in Devine Texas. The school is part of the Devine Independent School District and serves all students within grades nine and twelve.
 Terra State Community College is a two-year accredited state-supported community college located in Fremont Ohio. It was founded in 1968 as Vanguard Technical Institute a night school using the facilities of Vanguard Vocational Center. Terra's district includes Sandusky Seneca and the eastern portion of Ottawa counties.
 Karamu High School is a co-educational state high school in Hastings New Zealand for students in Years 9 to 13. The school is the main co-ed secondary school within Hastings City itself. The school’s campus is located to the easternmost end of Hastings City adjacent to Windsor Park to the west and the Heretaunga Plains’ orchards to the east.
 The Dorcan Academy is a mixed secondary school in Swindon Wiltshire for students aged 11 to 16. Since December 2011 it has been an Academy.
 Digos City National High School (DiCNHS) formerly known as Davao del Sur National High School is situated at Rizal Avenue Zone II Digos City is one of the biggest school in Davao Region under the jurisdiction of the DepEd Division of Digos City. The Digos City National High School is also once the second largest secondary school in the country in terms of student population second only to Rizal National High School in Pasig City.
 Eastwood High School is a comprehensive non-denominational school located centrally in East Renfrewshire to the south of Glasgow Scotland. It is one of the successor schools to Eastwood Senior Secondary School which opened in 1936 in Clarkston Glasgow. The current Head Teacher is Stuart Maxwell. Eastwood High School is situated on Capelrig Road and has a large suburban and partly rural catchment area. It serves the immediate area of Newton Mearns and the villages of Neilston and Uplawmoor.
 The National Pedagogic University (Spanish: Universidad Pedagógica Nacional - UPN) is Mexico's national university for teacher training. The main campus directly adjacent to the Colegio de México in Mexico City hosts more than 25000 students and is the largest of more than 70 UPN campuses nationwide. The university offers both undergraduate (licenciatura) and graduate programs of study.UPN is in the process of being separated from the Secretaría de Educación Pública and becoming autonomous.
 Newcastle Grammar School is an independent co-educational non-selective non-denominational Anglican-affiliated day school in Newcastle New South Wales Australia.Established in 1859 as the Newcastle Boys' Grammar School the school has a non-selective enrolment policy and currently caters for slightly over 800 students from Pre-school to Year 12.
 College of Southern Idaho (CSI) is a public community college in Twin Falls Idaho with outreach programs in Boise Hailey Burley and Gooding.College of Southern Idaho offers associate of arts associate of science associate of applied science degrees and technical certificates in over 115 disciplines. Additional upper-division courses through the University of Idaho Idaho State University and Boise State University are also offered.
 California Virtual Academies (CAVA) is one of many virtual charter schools that is controlled by the curriculum provider K12 Inc. Although all public charter schools are not-for-profit K12 is for profit. The academy like most K12 Inc. supplied schools loans the student textbooks materials and a computer so the student can access his/her online lessons.
 North Penn High School is a part of the North Penn School District and is located in Towamencin Township Pennsylvania about a mile outside of Lansdale borough 25 miles northwest of Philadelphia along Valley Forge Road (PA Route 363). It operates under the Principal Burton T. Hynes and the school colors are Navy and Columbia blue.
 Mobile County Public School System (MCPSS) is a school district based in Mobile County Alabama United States. The system currently serves all areas of Mobile County including the city of Mobile with the exception of the cities of Saraland Satsuma and Chickasaw. Saraland voted to separate its schools from Mobile County in 2006 with Satsuma and Chickasaw following suit in 2012. The system serves urban suburban and rural areas.
 St. Paul College of Makati (SPCM) is a coeducational catholic private school located at D.M. Rivera Street Poblacion Makati City Metropolitan Manila Philippines that is managed by the Sisters of Saint Paul of Chartres (SPC). Its official school organ is The Sword.
 The Oklahoma State System of Higher Education is the state’s legal structure for providing public education at the collegiate level. It is a coordinated system of colleges and universities located throughout the state.
 Queen Mary's Grammar School (QMGS) is a selective boys' grammar school with academy status located in Sutton Road Walsall England about a mile from the town centre. The sixth form is coeducational.
 St Columban’s College is a Catholic co-educational day school catering for approximately 880 students from years 8 to 12. The College was established in 1928 and is situated on a 12 hectare site at Caboolture Queensland Australia.
 Chodang University is the only university in Muan County a largely rural district of South Korea's South Jeolla province. The current president is Boung-Sik Kim.
 Lanark Grammar School is a secondary school in Lanark Scotland. It was founded in 1183 and celebrated its octocentenary in 1983 including a visit by The Princess Anne. The school draws its pupils from the town of Lanark and many villages in the local area including Douglas Carstairs Forth and Glespin.The school has 5 houses: Lockhart Jerviswood Wallace Hyndford and Braxfield and pupils are sorted into these by tutor group upon the first day of term.
 Connecticut Friends School is a K-8 elementary and middle school located in Wilton Connecticut run by the Religious Society of Friends. Founded in 1998 the school's enrollment consists of approximately 60 students.The school purchased the 18.4-acre (74000 m2) White Barn Theatre property on the border of Westport and Norwalk. The school plans to turn the theater into a school performance center and preserve much of the land as open space and to occupy the property by the fall of 2010.
 Cokethorpe School is an independent school near Witney founded in 1957 by Francis Brown. It is a member of HMC IAPS and The Society of Heads (formerly known as SHMIS). The school has approximately 660 pupils ranging in age from four to eighteen. The Junior School and the Senior School are located on the same site.At the heart of the school is an early 18th-century Grade II* listed Queen Anne style country house.
 Ysgol Gymraeg Gilfach Fargod is a Welsh medium primary school located in the village of Gilfach Bargoed in the County Borough of Caerphilly. Established in 1963 Ysgol Gymraeg Gilfach Fargod was one of the first Welsh medium schools in the Rhymney Valley. It is a feeder school for Ysgol Gyfun Cwm Rhymni.The school's Welsh language motto - Cenedl Heb Iaith Cenedl Heb Galon - translates into English as a nation without a language is a nation without a heart.
 NIFT Shillong is the first center established in north east India by the design institute National Institute of Fashion Technology Ministry of Textiles in 2008.
 The Purdue University College of Science is one of eight major academic divisions or Colleges of Purdue University. The science courses offered by the College of Science account for about one-fourth of Purdue's one million student credit hours.
 Blakehurst High School is a public co-educational specialist Languages high school for years 7-12 located in Blakehurst Sydney New South Wales Australia.The school has around 1130 students 75 teaching staff and 12 administrative staff. 40% of students are from an Anglo Celtic background and 60% of students identify as having a non-English speaking background many of whom were born in Australia.
 For schools with a similar name see Harrison High School.Harrison High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school located in Harrison New Jersey United States operating as part of the Harrison Public Schools.
 Springfield College is a private coeducational college located in Springfield Massachusetts.
 North Lake School is a public school in Silver Lake Oregon United States that serves grades kindergarten through twelfth grade (K-12). It is the only school in the North Lake School District.
 University at Buffalo The State University of New York is a public research university with multiple campuses located in Buffalo and Amherst New York United States. It is also commonly known as the University at Buffalo (abbreviated UB) or SUNY Buffalo and was formerly known as the University of Buffalo. The university was founded in 1846 as a private college but in 1962 was absorbed into the State University of New York (SUNY) system.
 Overnewton Anglican Community College (more commonly known as 'OACC') is an independent co-educational day school with two campuses - one located in Taylors Lakes Melbourne Australia and the other located in Keilor Melbourne Australia.
 Menaul School is a private school in Albuquerque New Mexico. It is a co-ed boarding and day school serving grades 6-12. The school has strong historical significance in New Mexico and especially in Albuquerque where Menaul Blvd. and many other locations have been named for the school.[citation needed]
 Conrad Weiser High School is a public high school in Robesonia Berks County Pennsylvania and is part of the Conrad Weiser Area School District. It serves students in grades 9–12 in South Heidelberg Township Heidelberg Township North Heidelberg Township and Marion Township and the Boroughs of Wernersville Robesonia and Womelsdorf.
 Kameshwar Singh Darbhanga Sanskrit University (KSDSU) is a state university located at Darbhanga Bihar India dedicated to the teaching end promotion of Sanskrit. Its jurisdiction covers the whole of Bihar.
 The Holy Rosary Seminary (Spanish: El Seminario del Santissimo Rosario) is the oldest live-in Christian higher educational institute for the clergy in the Philippines established in Naga City Camarines Sur Camarines Sur in the early part of the 18th century.
 The German School of Guayaquil is a multilingual school in Guayaquil Ecuador. It was founded in 1957 by Renate Lemke to meet the necessities of the German immigrants in the city.It is one of 117 German schools abroad and one of the three German schools in Ecuador. It belongs to the International Baccalaureate Organization and offers the Diploma Program.
 Kutama College (officially St Francis Xavier College) is an all-boys high school located near the town of Norton in the Zvimba area 80 kilometres southwest of the Zimbabwean capital Harare. Kutama has a student population of about 700 pupils and is considered one of Africa's top 100 high schools (#61 in 2003).The school moto Esse Quam Videri is Latin meaning to be rather than to seem.
 Spelthorne College was a sixth form college in Ashford Surrey England positioned on the High Street.
 Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya Kothali (JNVK) is a boarding school near Belgaum Belgaum India. JNVK is funded by the Indian Ministry of Human Resources Development.
 Brislington Enterprise College also known as BEC is a large co-educational general Community school based in the Brislington area of the English city of Bristol.In the 2012/13 year the school had 1247 students.It is a Business and Enterprise specialist college and Teaching Development Agency designated training school.New buildings designed and built by Skanska were opened at the beginning of September 2008 and officially opened in October 2008 by Kevin McCloud.
 Hawler Medical University is located in Arbil (Hewler) capital of Kurdistan Region of Iraq. It was established in 2005.The university is made up of five colleges. The colleges of Medicine Dentistry Pharmacy and Nursing were formerly belonged to Salahaddin University in Arbil. The university also includes a Medical Research Center and the newly established College of Health Sciences that includes the departments of medical microbiology and clinical biochemistry.
 Archbishop Thomas J. Murphy High School is a co-educational private Catholic college-preparatory high school located in Everett Washington USA. Founded as Holy Cross High School in 1988 Archbishop Murphy High School serves students grades nine through twelve and enrollment has increased from 23 students in 1988 to approximately 450 for Fall 2012.
 North Warren Regional High School is a public high school and regional school district located in Blairstown Warren County New Jersey United States that serves students in seventh grade through twelfth grade from the four constituent townships of Blairstown Frelinghuysen Hardwick and Knowlton. The school opened in September 1970 replacing the former Blairstown High School.
 John Wheatley College was founded in 1989 and had its main campuses in Easterhouse and Haghill in Glasgow.
 Belleville High School is a public high school located in Belleville Michigan and the only zoned high school in the Van Buren School District.
 Cy-Fair High School is a secondary school located in Cypress which is an unincorporated place in Harris County Texas near Houston. The school located along U.S. Highway 290 is part of the Cypress-Fairbanks Independent School District.In 2011 the school was rated recognized by the Texas Education Agency.
 The University of West London is a public university in the United Kingdom which has campuses in Ealing and Brentford in London as well as in Reading and Slough in Berkshire.The university has roots back to 1860 when the Lady Byron School was founded which later became Ealing College of Higher Education.
 Marian Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Tamaqua Pennsylvania. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Allentown.
 Majidiya Islamiya Intermediate College (MIC) in Allahabad India is one of the oldest schools in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh providing higher secondary education. It is affiliated with the UP Board of Secondary Education Allahabad (Uttar Pradesh Madhyamic Shiksha Parishad Allahabad).
 The Admiral Makarov National University of Shipbuilding in Mykolaiv is an higher education institution which trains specialists for the shipbuilding and allied industries of Ukraine. The university is named after the Russian admiral Stepan Makarov who was born in the city.
 The Hamlin Robinson School is an independent school in Seattle offering a specialized program specifically for students with dyslexia and related language difficulties. The school was founded in 1983.
 Shoeburyness High School is a secondary academy school in Southend-on-Sea Essex. Unusually it is one of the few partially selective schools in England. The high school celebrated its 70th anniversary in June 2009.Shoeburyness High School is regarded as Good with outstanding features by Ofsted and has shown sustained improvement over the last 5 years.
 Calvin University is a Presbyterian-affiliated university in South Korea. The campus is located in Guseong-eup Yongin City Gyeonggi province to the south of Seoul.
 Mbarara University School of Medicine (MUSM) also known as Mbarara University Medical School (MUMS) is the school of medicine of Mbarara University of Science and Technology one of Uganda's public universities. The medical school was founded in 1989 the same year that the university was established.
 The Florida State University College of Human Sciences is one of sixteen colleges comprising the Florida State University (FSU). The College was established in 1901. The College consists of three departments - the Department of Family and Child Services the Department of Nutrition Food and Exercise Sciences and the Department of Textiles and Consumer Sciences.
 Jakarta International College (also known as Monash College Jakarta or JIC) founded in 1965 is an Indonesian international college set up for students who wish to further their university education overseas. JIC offers four internationally recognized education programs that help students transition from high school to university namely Monash College Monash University Foundation Year (MUFY) English Language Bridging Program (ELBP) and Pathway to American Degree Program.
 Bettendorf High School (BHS) is a four-year comprehensive high school located in Bettendorf Iowa. Roughly 100 instructors teach more than 1500 students.
 Notre Dame de Mongré High School is a private and catholic school in Villefranche-sur-Saône Rhône France. Located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lyon the school was founded in 1848 as a Jesuit institution. Mongré currently enrolls just over 2000 students from elementary school to high school and is proud to achieve high grades and results for the baccalaureat (most of years 100% of the students pass).
 Great Plains College is a regional college in Saskatchewan that provides post-secondary education in the western part of the province. It currently offers 18 post-secondary certificate diploma and degree programs — as well as university programming skills and safety training adult basic education and English language training - through campuses in Swift Current Kindersley and Warman as well as program centres in Biggar Maple Creek and Rosetown.
 Langstaff Secondary School (LSS) is a public high school in Richmond Hill Ontario Canada which teaches grades 9 through 12. LSS is located at 106 Garden Avenue across the street from Morgan Boyle Park and near Charles Howitt Public School.
 The Sukkur Institute of Business Administration (Sukkur IBA)is a business school in Sukkur Pakistan. The school is a public sector degree-awarding institute approved by Higher Education Commission and chartered by the Government of Sindh.
 Oakland Technical High School known locally as Oakland Tech or just simply Tech is a public high school in Oakland California and is operated under the jurisdiction of the Oakland Unified School District. It is one of six comprehensive public high school campuses in Oakland.
 California Miramar University (CMU) is a for-profit higher education institution in San Diego that offers degree and certificate programs through distance education a combination of on-line and classroom (hybrid) delivery and traditional classroom delivery.
 Broadmoor Senior High School is an accredited public high school in Baton Rouge Louisiana.
 Gehlen Catholic School is located in LeMars Iowa. Gehlen's athletic teams are known as the Jays. They compete in the War Eagle Conference with eight other teams from northwest Iowa. Their two main rivals are the two other Roman Catholic schools in the War Eagle Spalding Catholic High School and Remsen St. Mary's High School. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sioux City. Spalding Catholic has merged with Gehlen Catholic High School as of the 2013-14 school year.
 Donetsk National Medical University of Maxim Gorky “DSNMU” is the best and the largest medical university of the former USSR. DSNMU is counted as one of the best medical school in Ukraine.The University is known as DSNMU and it’s the abbreviated name of Donetsk National Medical University.
 Northwest Whitfield High School is a public high school in the Whitfield County Georgia School District USA. The school colors are royal blue and burnt orange and the mascot is Bruins. The school is in Class AAAA of Georgia High School Association (GHSA) and is located in Tunnel Hill Georgia.
 The Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale (AiFL) is a private coeducational applied-arts college located in southeast urban Fort Lauderdale Florida. Founded in 1968 by the late Mark K. Wheeler it is the second Art Institute of a current 50 to be established in North America. The campus is composed of 16 art departments two applied-art schools The International Culinary School the Chef's Palette restaurant and one dormitory complex.
 St Patrick's College (Irish: Coláiste Phádraig) is a linked college of Dublin City University since 1993 located in Drumcondra Dublin Ireland. The college is in existence since 1875 and has a Roman Catholic ethos. It is the largest primary teacher training college in Ireland. Currently over 2000 students are attending the college. The college offers a number of undergraduate courses primarily in primary education and arts and postgraduate courses primarily in education and languages.
 Gordon Graydon Memorial Secondary School Gordon Graydon GGMSS or simply Graydon for short is a Canadian high school serving Grades 9 to 12 located at 1490 Odgen Avenue in Mississauga Ontario Canada. Gordon Graydon is best known for housing the IBT Program and currently stands as one of the top ranking public schools in the Peel board.[citation needed]. The school opened in 1957 and celebrated its 50th anniversary on May 26 2007.
 AU Herning is a department-like centre for research and higher education under Business and Social Sciences Aarhus University and is located in Herning Denmark.AU Herning's focus is on education excellence and offers six undergraduate and two graduate study programmes as well as a number of part-time studies all within engineering business economics management and communication and multimedia.AU Herning’s study programmes are based on interaction across professional boundaries as well as close interaction with students and the surrounding business community. 
 Xingnan Primary School is a primary school located in Nanyang Singapore at 5 Jurong West Street 91.
 Darul Uloom Bolton is an Islamic independent secondary school in Bolton Greater Manchester England. It was founded in 1993. The Darul Uloom was originally started at Taibah Masjid Blackburn Road Bolton where the Dars-e-Nizami was taught until the first class who would later graduate had reached Arbi Dawm (Islamic Theology Year 2) then they had transferred the students over to the Darul Uloom. And since then the Darul Uloom has been running and has been taught at the Darul Uloom itself.
 Global City Innovative College is a private college at the heart of Bonifacio Global City Metro Manila. It began in 2002 when a group of entrepreneurs joined to establish the first collegiate education center in what was then the Fort Bonifacio Special Economic Zone. It is non-denominational co-educational and primarily serves the students in its area.
 Duffryn High School (Welsh: Ysgol Uwchradd Dyffyrn) is a comprehensive school on the south-western outskirts of Newport south Wales. It is in the suburb of Duffryn and opened in 1959. Duffryn High School was the filming location of the Doctor Who episode School Reunion filmed in late-summer 2005.
 Estcourt High School is a school in Estcourt South Africa that traces its origins to the Estcourt Government School which was founded in 1886. The high school itself was founded in 1924 when the government school was split into a high school and a junior school.Estcourt High School being a country school pioneered agriculture as a school subject and also gave instruction in both English and Afrikaans.
 Macau Polytechnic Institute (IPM; Chinese: 澳門理工學院; Portuguse: Instituto Politécnico de Macau) is a public institution located in Cathedral Parish Macau China.
 West Side High School is a comprehensive public high school located in the rural distant community of Greers Ferry Arkansas United States. The high school provides secondary education for students in grades 7 through 12 for more than 147.81 square miles (382.8 km2) of land that includes all or portions of Cleburne County and Van Buren County communities including: Higden Bee Branch Quitman Heber Springs Prim Edgemont Shirley Fairfield Bay Greers Ferry and Drasco.
 Lake Forest College is a four-year coeducational private liberal arts college in Lake Forest Illinois. The College has 1500 students representing 47 states and 78 countries and is a member of the Associated Colleges of the Midwest. Lake Forest College competes in NCAA Division III athletics and its mascot is Boomer the Bear. Its current president is Stephen D. Schutt who joined the College in 2001 after serving as the Vice President & Chief of Staff at the University of Pennsylvania.
 Attakulangara Central School is situated in the middle of Trivandrum city area the 124-year-old Government Central High School. The school was founded as the Native High School in 1889 by T. Marthandan Thampi who was also its first Headmaster. Later the Government took over the school renaming it as Attakulangara Vernacular School and sometime thereafter renaming it again as Central High School Attakkulangara.On its list of former teachers are poet Ulloor S.
 Jaya Group of Colleges (Tamil: ஜெயா கல்லூரிகள்) consists of 13 education institutions including two higher secondary schools and seven professional course institutions in the suburbs of Chennai Tamil Nadu India. The colleges are run by a family trust Jaya Education Trust. The trust was founded in 1977 and expanded into a chain of minority run establishments.
 Central Hardin High School is a school located in Elizabethtown Kentucky a city of over 28000 people in the west-central portion of the state. Although the school is within the city limits it is served by the post office of the community of Cecilia much of which has recently been annexed by E-town. It is one of three high schools in the Hardin County School System. The school is a school-based decision-making school.
 Dumfries Academy is one of four secondary schools in the town of Dumfries in south west Scotland.
 Uuyoka Combined School is a government school in Uuyoka village in northern Namibia. It was established during the colonial era by the community members. The first lessons took place under the Camelthorn tree in Omukwiyu GwaMulondo and lessons were given by local peoples.The school covers grades 1 to 10 and a kindergarten that was inaugurated in 2010 and has about 700 students. The School patron is Andreas Ngula a son to a local pastor. The current school principal is Markus Kagola.
 DeSales University is a private Catholic university for men and women located in Lehigh County Pennsylvania in the United States. Before 2001 it was known as Allentown College of St. Francis de Sales. It is endorsed by The Newman Guide to Choosing a Catholic College.
 Banff and Buchan College was until 1st November 2013 the name of the further education institution in Aberdeenshire Scotland.On November 2013 Banff & Buchan College merged with Aberdeen College to form North East Scotland College. The new regional college will continue to serve an extensive geographical area with its main centres of delivery in Aberdeen and Fraserburgh.
 Kalousdian Armenian School (Armenian: Գալուստեան Ազգային Վարճարան Arabic: مدرسة كالوسديان الأرمنية‎) was established in 1854 by Garabed Agha Kalousd. The school is the oldest standing institution of private education in Egypt and the oldest standing Armenian educational institution in Egypt.
 Columbia Gorge Community College is a two-year public college in The Dalles Oregon United States on the Columbia River in The Columbia River Gorge.
 The Bachelor of Science in Agriculture usually abbreviated as either B.Sc.(Agr.) or B.S.A. or B.Sc.(Ag.) or B.Sc. (Hons.) Ag. is the first undergraduate degree awarded by university faculty of agriculture and agricultural colleges. The program is 4 years of study above Grade 12 High School graduation.The B.Sc.(Agr.) degree differs from a B.Sc. degree in that the courses focus on agriculture: for example the student will study agricultural economics rather than economics.
 The Faculty of Humanities is one of the faculties of the University of the Witwatersrand Johannesburg located in the South West Engineering Building on East Campus. The Dean of the Faculty is Professor Tawana Kupe. The Faculty offers undergraduate Bachelor of Arts (BA) and Bachelor of Education (BEd) degrees and postgraduate Honours (BA Hons.) Masters (MA) and PhD degrees.
 Seycove Secondary School is a Canadian high school in the Deep Cove neighbourhood of the District of North Vancouver British Columbia. Located just east of Dollarton Highway the school has a student population of approximately 800 students in grades 8 through 12.
 McAuley High School is an all-girls private Catholic high school in Cincinnati Ohio. It is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cincinnati. Young women from all over the Cincinnati area and parts of Indiana attend McAuley High School. Today McAuley High School remains a comprehensive Catholic school for young women sponsored by the Sisters of Mercy of the Americas. The US Department of Education designated McAuley a National Blue Ribbon School.
 Federal University of Technology Minna (FUTMINNA) is located in Minna Nigeria.
 ZIMA Medical Science & Educational Trust (ஜிமா மருத்துவ அறிவியல் & கல்வி அறக்கட்டளை in Tamil) is an Indian Non-Profit and Non-Governmental Organization which was established in 2005 and a registered Society of Tamil Nadu Government.
 Hussey College Warri is a secondary school located along Upper Erejuwa Road in Warri Delta State Nigeria. It is one of the oldest and most prestigious colleges in Delta State and Nigeria having produced many notable figures in the Nigerian professional and political scenery. The school has literally raised several generations of Nigerians from all tribes and backgrounds and schooled them in the best tradition of scholarship athleticism citizenship and morality.
 Delphi Community High School is a public secondary school located in Delphi Indiana. The school serves about 520 students in grades 9 to 12 in the Delphi Community School Corporation district. The students of Delphi Community School Corporation reside in the city of Delphi Indiana Camden Indiana and in Deer Creek Madison Jackson Liberty Rock Creek and Tippecanoe townships.
 The Zakir Husain College of Engineering and Technology (ZHCET) is a college which is among many colleges within the Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) in Uttar Pradesh India. It is named after Zakir Hussain President of India (1967–69) who is an alumnus of AMU and was its Vice-Chancellor from 1948 to 1956. The foundation was laid on 21 November 1938.
 Episcopal School of Acadiana (ESA) is a coeducational day school of the Episcopal Diocese of Western Louisiana for students in grades PreK-3 through 12. The Lower School serving students in PreK-3 through fifth grades is located in Lafayette Louisiana. The Middle and Upper School campus for students in sixth through twelfth grades is located in Cade Louisiana between Lafayette and New Iberia. ESA draws students from throughout the Greater Lafayette area.
 Mendel University in Brno is located in Brno Czech Republic. It was founded on 24 July 1919 and now consists of five faculties and one institute - the Faculty of Agronomy Faculty of Forestry and Wood Technology Faculty of Business and Economics Faculty of Horticulture Faculty of Regional Development and International Studies and Institute of Lifelong Education. It is named since 1994 after Gregor Mendel the botanist and father of genetics who was active in this city during his lifetime.
 Soongsil University (SSU) is a private Christian university in South Korea. The campus is located in 369 Sangdo-ro Dongjak-gu Seoul.
 The Singapore Hotel and Tourism Education Centre (abbreviation: SHATEC) was set up in 1983 by the Singapore Hotel Association (SHA) to equip Singapore’s hospitality industry with a skilled workforce.Since its founding SHATEC made its mark as a premium hospitality school with numerous members of its 30000-strong multi-nationaled alumni assuming key positions in the hospitality and tourism industry in numerous parts of the world.
 Bramhall High School is a comprehensive high school in Bramhall Stockport England.
 The Campbell University School of Education was founded in 1985 and is located in Buies Creek North Carolina. The School of Education is one of six schools that compose Campbell University.
 St. Catherine’s Academy is a Catholic military school located in Anaheim California. It was founded in 1889 by The Dominican Sisters of Mission San José. The school offers a challenging academic program for boys in kindergarten through eighth grade as well as military structure and leadership training. The school is open to both resident and day students.
 Jack Hunt School is a co-educational foundation comprehensive school and specialist language and sports college in Netherton in the city of Peterborough in the United Kingdom. The school currently has 1466 pupils on the roll aged 11 (Year 7) to 18 (Year 13). Refurbishment of the premises as part of the Peterborough Secondary School Review increased the capacity by one form of entry in each year group with a similar increase in the sixth form amounting to around an extra 175 places.
 People's Public Security University of China (中国人民公安大学) is a university in Beijing China. It was founded in 1948 and is directly under the Ministry of Public Security of the People's Republic of China.The purpose of the university is built for the training of elite police officer and is ranked as the best Chinese police academy after it merged with People's Police Cadre University of China in 1998.
 Lane Community College is a two-year college located in Eugene Oregon. Its slogan is Transforming Lives Through Learning.
 Glenwood Springs High School is a high school in Glenwood Springs Colorado. It is along with Basalt High School and Roaring Fork High School in Carbondale Colorado a member of Roaring Fork School District Re-1.
 Ngaruawahia High School (often abbreviated NHS) is a state co-educational school situated in Ngaruawahia New Zealand. The school was opened in 1963 and the current principal is Mr. Chris Jarnet. The school typically hosts a Year 9-13 roll which fluctuates between 150 to 250 students each year and also provides learning opportunities to adult students.
 Doral Academy Preparatory High School is a charter middle/high school located in Doral Florida USA. Doral Academy was recently voted as one of the nation's Best 400 High Schools in the Nation in the December issue of U.S. News & World Report.Doral Academy Charter Schools are fully recognized public Middle and High schools. Doral Academy Charter is a non-profit independently managed academic organization approved and monitored by the local school board.
 Cumberland Law School is unrelated to the University of the Cumberlands in Williamsburg Kentucky and is no longer a part of Cumberland University in Lebanon Tennessee.Cumberland School of Law is an ABA accredited law school at Samford University in Birmingham Alabama. Founded in 1847 at Cumberland University in Lebanon Tennessee it is the 11th oldest law school in the United States and has more than 11000 graduates.
 Pinon High School is a high school in Pinon Arizona. It is the only high school under the jurisdiction of the Piñon Unified School District which also includes an elementary and middle school.
 Coshocton High School is a public high school in Coshocton Ohio. The school primarily serves students residing in the Coshocton City Schools District. The school district also participates in open enrollment making it possible for students from outside district boundaries to enroll at Coshocton High School. The school currently has an enrollment of approximately 700 students in grades 7-12.
 Glenthorne High School is a non-selective coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in the Sutton area of the London Borough of Sutton England.The school was first established in 1933 on Glastonbury Road in Sutton. It moved to the Sutton Common Road site in 1958 and at this time was called Sutton Common County Secondary Girls' School. The school changed its name to Glenthorne in 1982 and in 1993 it became coeducational.
 Southern Minnesota Normal College also known as the University of Southern Minnesota was a normal school and university located in Austin Minnesota that operated from 1897 to 1925. It was founded with the Austin School of Commerce.The school was founded in 1896 by Charles Boostrom and opened the following year. The schools closed in 1925.
 Kensington High School is a former high school located in Buffalo New York. Named for the Kensington neighborhood it is located in the building is located at 319 Suffolk Street in Buffalo. It currently serves as home to the Frederick Law Olmsted School at Kensington.
 For other universities with similar names see Pázmáneum (disambiguation)Pázmány Péter Catholic University is a private university of the Catholic Church in Hungary recognized by the state. Founded in 1635 the PPCU is one of Hungary's oldest and most prestigious institutions of higher education.The Faculty of Theology was established by archbishop Péter Pázmány in Nagyszombat the Kingdom of Hungary (today Trnava Slovakia) in 1635.
 New Town High School (formerly Hobart Junior Technical College 1919–1949; Hobart Technical High School 1950–1961) is a Tasmanian Government secondary school for boys. It is located in Hobart Tasmania Australia. It is the only public all-boys school in the state the only other public single-sex school being Ogilvie High School for girls. Its 2006 enrollment is approximately 830 students covering years seven to ten.
 Peachtree Charter Middle School (PCMS) formerly known as Peachtree Middle School and originally Peachtree High School is a public middle school located in Dunwoody a recently incorporated city in DeKalb County Georgia United States. The school serves unincorporated areas and sections of the city of Doraville as well as Dunwoody.Peachtree is a part of the DeKalb County School System.
 Saint Anne School is a Catholic private elementary school located in Castle Shannon Pennsylvania. It is part of a parish in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh.
 The Priory Ruskin Academy is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in Grantham in the English county of Lincolnshire.The school was formed in 2010 from the merger of Central Technology & Sports College and The Grantham Church High School. The is currently based over both of the former school sites but will relocate to new buildings at the former Central Technology & Sports College site in 2014.
 Pipers Corner School is an independent day school for girls in Great Kingshill Buckinghamshire England.There are 580 pupils aged from 4 to 18 years. The school is an Educational Charitable Trust administered by a Board of Governors.Its current headmistress (March 2013) is Helen Ness-Gifford. There are three age groups: Pre-Prep for 3 to 7 years old; Prep for 7-11; and Senior for 11-18.
 Rashid Latif Medical College (abbreviated as RLMC) established in 2010 and named after its founder Rashid Latif Khan is a private college of medicine located on Ferozepur Road Lahore Punjab Pakistan.
 Mount St. Joseph Girls' College is a Catholic Girls College located in Maidstone Street Altona Victoria Australia. Mount St. Joseph is one of few schools in Australia that is a Josephite college founded by the Josephite Order in 1964. There is a strong emphasis on pastoral care and developing the whole individual.
 Mililani High School is the only public high school located in Mililani Town CDP City and County of Honolulu Hawaii U.S. on the island of Oʻahu.Serving an enrollment of nearly 2500 students in grades 9-12 Mililani High School is one of the largest public schools in Hawaiʻi. In 2005 the high school held the distinction of holding the largest graduating class in the state.[citation needed]
 Rotan High School is a 1A high school located in Rotan Texas (USA). It is part of the Rotan Independent School District located in southern Fisher County. In 2011 the school was rated Academically Unacceptable by the Texas Education Agency.
 Ardrossan Academy is a Scottish secondary school opened in October 1882 serving Ardrossan with pupils also coming from nearby Saltcoats West Kilbride Seamill and other areas.The school day starts at 8.45am and finishes on Monday Tuesday and Wednesday at 3.30pm and Thursday and Friday at 2.40pm.As of 2013 the Headteacher is Miss L. Chalmers.
 Lively District Secondary School is a high school located in the community of Lively Ontario Canada within the city of Greater Sudbury. Overseen by the Rainbow District School Board it offers six different programs which focus on mining and health and wellness among others. It has both grade 7 and 8 as well as the high school.
 Republic Polytechnic (Chinese: 共和理工学院) commonly abbreviated to RP is a tertiary institution located in Singapore. It was the first school system in Singapore to use Problem-based learning (PBL) pedagogy for all its diplomas.RP's project team began operating in the premises of Data Storage Institute National University of Singapore in January 2002. On 1 July 2002 it shifted into Tanglin Campus which was previously occupied by the Ministry of Education Singapore.
 Cedar Ridge High School is a public secondary school in Round Rock USA. For the 2010-2011 school year the school includes grades nine and ten. Grade eleven was added in 2011-2012 and grade twelve in 2012-2013. The school is the largest high school in the Round Rock Independent School District (RRISD) and in Central Texas with an enrollment of more than 3000 students. Admission is primarily based on the locations of students' homes in the district.
 Myanmar International School (MIS) is an independent coeducational day school Nursery-Year 13 (ages 3-18 years) in Yangon Myanmar. It is located in Yankin Township Yangon. MIS follows a curriculum based on the internationally recognized classroom curriculum with a core of academic subjects and a range of enrichment courses and activities. MIS is a modern technologically advanced school while still developing an understanding of the cultural and traditional values of Myanmar.
 Sharada Gyan Peeth International School is a Malad based private co-educational English medium school. The School is providing ICSE board based syllabus pattern.
 Laurel Christian High School is a Christian college preparatory school that was founded in 1982. It is located in Laurel Mississippi (USA). The school offers a Christian-based classical education that is built on the time-honored trivium: grammar logic and rhetoric. Each subject taught at the school is taught within the framework of a Christian worldview. Bob Jones University has been a crucial sponsor of the school throughout the years.
 Arcadia High School a part of the Arcadia Unified School District is a four-year comprehensive secondary school located on a 40-acre (160000 m2) site in Arcadia California USA.The high school was opened in 1952. The ninth grade was added to Arcadia High School in 1994.
 Jubilee Christian College is an independent co-educational Christian school located in Atherton Queensland Australia. It was founded in 1984.
 Easthampstead Park School is a coeducational comprehensive school located in Ringmead Bracknell Berkshire for pupils aged 11–18. It was previously designated as a Sports College in 2009.The headteacher is Liz Cook.The school uses an initiative called CMCD (Consistency Management and Co-Operative Discipline). This promotes a positive climate for teaching and learning increases teaching time and creates a positive learning climate.
 Benedictine High School is a private Roman Catholic college preparatory high school for men located in Cleveland Ohio United States. The school serves grades 9–12 and has an enrollment of over 430 young men for the 2007-2008 school year. It is a part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cleveland.
 Hakuoh University (白鴎大学 Hakuō Daigaku) is a private university in city of Oyama in Tochigi Japan.The name Hakuoh meaning 'white seagull' and the motto Plus ultra or 'Further beyond' are intended to inspire students to soar to their fullest potential. From its inception Hakuoh has attempted to bridge the gap between theoretical and practical education by focusing on the acquisition of knowledge and skills that are most applicable in today's rapidly evolving society.
 The Emery/Weiner School (EWS) is a co-educational independent Jewish day school in Houston Texas United States serving grades 6-12.The $14 million campus is located on 15 acres (61000 m2) of land[citation needed] in Link Valley a community in southwest Houston outside of the 610 Loop inside Beltway 8 and east of the Westwood subdivision.The school houses 90000 square feet (8000 m2) of classroom space along with several acres of accessible playing fields.Roselyn Bell author of the Houston entry in The Jewish Traveler: Hadassah Magazine's Guide to the World's Jewish Communities and Sights wrote around 1987 that the school then the I. 
 Sussex County Technical School is a county-wide technical public high school in Sussex County New Jersey as part of the Sussex County Vocational School District and is located in Sparta Township. It is the home of the McNeice Auditorium and the Fighting Mustangs. The school's official colors are hunter green and gold.
 Ventura High School is a secondary school located in Ventura California. The school was founded in 1889 and is a California Distinguished School. It is part of the Ventura Unified School District. In 2012 French and Italian language teacher at VHS Sebastien De Clerck was honored as a California Teacher of Year for 2013.
 James Campbell High School often simply Campbell High School or JCHS is a public coeducational high school located at 91-980 North Road in ʻEwa Beach Hawaiʻi 25 miles away from Downtown Honolulu. The school serves grades nine through twelve has an enrollment of around 2898 students and is part of the Leeward Subdistrict of the Hawaii State Department of Education.
 Hanover-Horton High School (formerly Hanover-Horton Central Secondary School) is a public secondary school located in Horton Michigan U.S.. The school serves about 450 students in grades 9 to 12 in the Hanover-Horton School District.The school's colors are red and white and the mascot is the Hanover-Horton Comet.
 The University of Medical Sciences Cienfuegos (also Medicine School of Cienfuegos: Dr. Raúl Dorticós Torrado) was established in 1979 in Cienfuegos Cuba. Provencial General Hospital Dr. Gustavo Aldereguía Lima is affiliated to the university. Currently students from 52 countries are registered in different departments.
 Winton Community Academy (formerly Winton School) is a coeducational secondary school with academy status located in Andover in the English county of Hampshire.The school converted to academy status on 1 November 2011 and was renamed Winton Community Academy. It was previously known as Winton School and was a community school under the direct control of Hampshire County Council.
 Nottingham High School is an independent fee-paying day school for boys in Nottingham England comprising the Infant and Junior School (for ages 4–11) and Senior School (for ages 11–18). Nottingham High School has 987 pupils including approximately 717 in the Senior School (about 123 in each of years 7–11 and around 51 in each of the two years of the Sixth Form).Located on Waverley Mount the school's main building is close to local amenities and public transport.
 Birat Science Campus is a school of science and technology in Nepal. It is a non-profit organization affiliated to Tribhuvan University and HSEB (Higher Secondary Education Board).
 Everman Joe C. Bean High School (commonly referred to as Everman Everman High School and EHS) is a public secondary school located in Everman Texas (A country-suburb southeast of Fort Worth Texas). The school is a part of the Everman Independent School District (commonly referred to as Everman ISD) and serves students in grades 10–12.
 Delmar Middle School is a public middle school in Delmar DE a community in Sussex County Delaware. The school is co-located with Delmar High School along with the district offices. Delmar Middle School's enrollment includes students from Delmar MD and students from other cities under Delaware's School Choice program.The total 2008-2009 middle school enrollment was 501 students and 640 students in the high school; with 1141 students in the district in total.
 University of Wasit (Arabic: جامعة واسط‎) is one of the Iraqi Universities established in 2003 in Al Kut Wasit Iraq.
 B.D.M. Institute Bhiwani is a secondary school located in Loharu Bhiwani district Haryana India.
 Barack Obama Academy is a small alternative middle school in Oakland California. It is part of the Oakland Unified School District. It became notable as the first middle school in the United States to be officially named or renamed after U.S. President Barack Obama in March 2009. The middle school which opened in 2007 was formerly known as the Alternative Learning Community. As of 2011 it has 24 students most of whom are low income African Americans.
 Hawthorn School for Girls is a private independent all-girls school located in Toronto Canada and offers a Catholic education. It was established in 1989. Hawthorn is a part of CIS the Conference of Independent Schools but is not a member of CAIS Canadian Accredited Independent Schools.
 Ulyanovsk State University (Russian: Ульяновский государственный университет romanised: Ulyanovskiy gosudarstvennyy universitet) is a public research university located in Ulyanovsk Russia. City of Ulyanovsk (formerly Simbirsk founded in 1648) is situated on the Volga River about 440 miles east of Moscow and has a population of 700000.
 Udyogamandal School is a school for ages Kindergarten to Grade 12 located in Udyogamandal Eloor Kochi India. It was established in 1965 by the management of Fertilizers and Chemicals Travancore Limited (FACT) the largest public sector firm in Kerala. It was established to providing education to the children of FACT employees. It has been taken over by the MES group. Udyogamandal School is affiliated to the ICSE board New Delhi. The school is located on a campus owned by FACT.
 Stanley Humphries Secondary is a public high school in Castlegar British Columbia part of School District 20 Kootenay-Columbia. Stanley Humphries is the main Secondary School for the Castlegar area.
 Richmond High School was an independent city high school (for African-Americans) in Richmond Kentucky (Madison County Kentucky). The school's enrollment (grades 9-12) never exceeded 150 and it never graduated a class of more than 30 students in its existence.
 Government College Asghar Mall Rawalpindi also known as Government College Rawalpindi or Government Post-Graduate College Asghar Mall Rawalpindi is a historical and prominent college in Rawalpindi Pakistan.
 Florida Christian School is a Non-Denominational Christian school in Olympia Heights unincorporated Miami-Dade County Florida. The school offers co-ed classes from preschool through high school. Current enrollment exceeds 1300 students.
 Bispham High School Arts College is a secondary school situated in Bispham Blackpool Lancashire England with a mixed intake of both boys and girls aged 11–16.
 Hamsavahini Vidyalaya is a residential school run by Hamsavahini Educational Society in Vakalapudi Kakinada in Andhra Pradesh India.
 The University of Thessaly is a university in Thessaly Greece founded in 1984. The university is based in Volos but operates campuses in Larissa Trikala Karditsa and Lamia. The university comprises five schools—Humanities and Social sciences Engineering Agricultural Sciences Health Sciences and Sciences. Each department has its own associated student organization.
 Safiuddin Sarker Academy & College is considered as one of the the best School in Gazipur District for its Academic excellence. It is located at Tongi College Gate at the west side of the Dhaka-Mymensingh road near Tongi Pourasova in the District of Gazipur.HistorySSAC start as a kinder-garden in 1978. In 1984 it affiliated by Dhaka Education Board as a Secondary School and first batch of SSC bring out 1986 .
 Lake County High School is a secondary school in Tiptonville Tennessee. Established in 1963 the school serves students in grades 9-12.
 Arts and Technology High School known as ATHS or ArtTech is a public charter high school in Wilsonville Oregon United States. Part of the West Linn-Wilsonville School District the school opened in 2005.
 Mogadishu University (Arabic: جامعة مقديشو‎ Somali: Jaamacada Muqdisho) is an accredited non-governmental university in Mogadishu Somalia. As of 2012 it is ranked among the top 40 universities in Africa.
 RMIT's School of Engineering TAFE is an Australian vocational education school within the College of Science Engineering and Health at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT University) located in Melbourne Victoria.
 The Institut de la Francophonie pour l'Informatique (IFI) French for the Computer Science Institute for the Francophonie is a graduate school in computer science in Vietnam. It was created and funded by the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie (AUF or Association of Universities of the Francophonie) in 1995 following a request from Vietnamese government of the training of high-level Vietnamese engineers and college professors in computer science.
 Nagoya College (名古屋短期大学 Nagoya tanki daigaku) is a private women's junior college in the city of Toyoake in Aichi Prefecture Japan. Although actually in Toyoake the school is very close to the city of Nagoya. The predecessor of the school a women's school was founded in 1923 and it was chartered as a junior college in 1955.
 Butte High School is a public high school in Butte Montana.
 St Christopher's C of E High is a Church of England High School with academy status located north of Accrington in Lancashire north-west England. The school was founded in 1958 and in 2005 earned Technology College status.The Sunday Times ranked it 49th in 2007 and 30th in 2006 in its Top 50 state secondary school with no sixth form category. The school has received an 'Outstanding' inspection report by Ofsted.
 The University of Santo Tomas College of Fine Arts and Design popularly known as UST – CFAD is the fine arts school of the University of Santo Tomas the oldest and the largest Catholic university in Manila Philippines.The Interior Design program is one of the Top Performing Interior Design programs offered by a school in the Philippine Interior Design Licensure Examinations.
 Central University of Rajasthan is an educational institution in Rajasthan India. The Central University of Rajasthan was established by an Act of Parliament (Act No. 25 of 2009 The Gazette of India No.
 Royal Roads University Bangladesh Campus is an international branch campus of Royal Roads University located in Dhaka Bangladesh.
 Procter R. Hug High School is a fully accredited public high school in Reno Nevada and belongs to the Washoe County School District. Hug High was built on a hillside in northeast Reno in 1968 to serve students from rapidly growing areas in northeast Reno northwest Reno and the Northern Valleys.Like many other local schools Hug High was named for a member of the local school board. Procter R.
 The University of Gafsa (Arabic: جامعة قفصة‎) is a public university located in Gafsa Tunisia. The university is oriented primarily toward sciences and information technology.
 The Saint Charles Borromeo Major Seminary of Nyakibanda is a Roman Catholic seminary near to Butare Rwanda.The Nyakibanda Major Seminary was created in 1936.
 Henry Mellish School and Specialist Sports College was a small non-denominational secondary school in Bulwell Nottingham England situated in an area of high social deprivation.
 Gabriel Taapopi Senior Secondary School (SSS) affectionatly know as 'GT' is a government secondary school in Ongwediva Oshana Region Namibia. The school officially opened its academic doors in 1988 and was officially inaugurated in 1989 by then SWAPO Deputy Minister Buddy Wentworth. Its principal is Eelu Sakaria. The school is one of the top performing schools in the country with numerous accolades and awards under its wings in consecutive years.
 Cebu Technological University is an educational institution located at the corner of MJ Cuenco Avenue and R.
 Abronhill High School is a non-denominational comprehensive secondary school in Abronhill a suburb of the Scottish new town of Cumbernauld. The school roll was 473 pupils in January 2009. The school was the setting of the 1981 Scottish film Gregory's Girl.Abronhill High School is near Abronhill Town Centre where most of the schoolchildren go for their lunch or to the nearby shops.
 Nanjing University of Technology (NJUT; Chinese: 南京工业大学; pinyin: Nánjīng Gōngyè Dàxúe) colloquially known as Nan Gong Da (or Nangongda 南工大) is a university located in Nanjing Jiangsu Province China. The university specializes in engineering. English language courses are compulsory.
 Erenköy Girls High School (Turkish: Erenköy Kız Anadolu Lisesi) is a public girls high school at Erenköy neighborhood of Kadıköy district in Istanbul Turkey. Founded in 1911 during the Ottoman Empire it is the oldest surviving girls high school in the country and the only girls high school in Istanbul.
 Loara High School is a public four year American high school in the Anaheim Union High School District located in the city of Anaheim in Orange County California. Loara is a Title I school that serves a large number of students from low-income families and the campus consists of 2578 students and 111 certificated staff. As of 2008 the student to teacher ratio of 25.8 to 1. Loara is a California Distinguished School which prepares students to innovate in service of their community.
 The European College of Parma Foundation (Italian: Fondazione Collegio Europeo di Parma French: La Fondation Collège Européen de Parme): is a higher education institution which provides academic training for young European graduates in the field of European Union law economics and politics.
 Malout Institute of Management and Information Technology (MIMIT) in Malout Punjab India is under the guidance of a Board of Governors headed by the Technical Education Minister government of Punjab. Located in the Green Field Enclave the campus is a combined academic and administrative three-storied building spread over 25 acres (100000 m2) of land which was designed by the Chief Architecture of Punjab. MIMIT is the only government institute to offer MBA and B.Tech programs in Punjab.
 Lubbock Christian University is a private Christian university associated with the Churches of Christ located in Lubbock Texas in the United States. It was established in 1957. A fall 2012 count showed 2135 students enrolled at Lubbock Christian University of which nearly 500 are graduate students. LCU is located just off Loop 289.
 Business economics is a field in applied economics which uses economic theory and quantitative methods to analyze business enterprises and the factors contributing to the diversity of organizational structures and the relationships of firms with labour capital and product markets. A professional focus of the journal Business Economics has been expressed as providing practical information for people who apply economics in their jobs.
 Winona State University uses sixteen buildings as on-campus living communities. Nine buildings are on the main campus of Winona State three are on West Campus and four are built east of campus.
 Emerson High School is a comprehensive public junior/senior high school serving grades eighth through twelve in the rural community of Emerson Arkansas United States. Located in southern Columbia County Emerson High School is one of three public high schools in the county and one of two high school administered by the Emerson–Taylor School District. The Emerson Pirates have won five state basketball titles and 25 state track and field championships.
 Dunbarton College of Holy Cross Washington D.C. was one of three now-defunct women's colleges sponsored by the Sisters of the Holy Cross along with College of Saint Mary-of-the-Wasatch in Salt Lake City and Cardinal Cushing College in Brookline Massachusetts. Dunbarton College of Holy Cross operated from 1935 to 1973. In 1974 Howard University purchased the campus to house the Howard University School of Law which still occupies the campus on Van Ness Street Northwest.
 Osaka Institute of Technology Junior College (大阪工業大学短期大学部 Osaka Kōgyō Daigaku Tanki Daigakubu) was a junior college in Asahi-ku Osaka Japan and was part of the Osaka Institute of Technology network.The Junior College was founded in 1950 as daytime course.[citation needed]
 Higham Lane School is a secondary school in Weddington Nuneaton England. The current headteacher is Mr Phil Kelly who became headmaster in January 2006 replacing Dr R. Tetlow. The school teaches pupils aged eleven to sixteen (Key Stage 3 and Key Stage 4) in preparation for their GCSEs. The original school building dates back to 1939 but with the inclusion of new laboratories a sports hall and new Business & Enterprise Centre has been extensively extended and modernised since.
 The College of Letters and Science is the arts and sciences college of the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA). It encompasses the Life and Physical Sciences Humanities Social Sciences Honors Program and other programs for both undergraduate and graduate students.The bulk of UCLA's student body belongs to the College which includes 34 academic departments 21000 undergraduate students 2700 graduate students and 900 faculty members.
 The Henry Cort Community College formerly Fareham Park Senior School is a mixed sex comprehensive school in Fareham Hampshire.It is one of three comprehensive schools in Fareham and had around 850 students at the last count. It has a rich sporting tradition especially in field hockey and has adequate sports facilities including an astroturf pitch and a gym. The school is named after the iron pioneer Henry Cort.
 Cranleigh School is an independent English boarding school in the village of Cranleigh Surrey. It was founded in 1865 as a boys' school. Stephen Rowland had a major role in the development of Cranleigh School. He also formed the Cranleigh Gas Company in 1876 and arranged for a mains water supply in 1886. In 1894 he laid out an estate between the Horsham and Ewhurst Roads building New Park Road Avenue Road Mead Road Mount Road and Bridge Road.
 Hukarere Girls' School is a girls secondary boarding school in the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand. It has a strong Māori character and follows the Anglican tradition.
 Chatom Union School District is a school district based in Stanislaus County California United States. The district operates Chatom Pre-School Chatom Elementary School (grades K–5) and Mountain View Middle School (grades 6–8).
 St. Clairsville High School is located in St. Clairsville Ohio USA. It is in Belmont County Ohio. It currently houses grades 9 through 12 with an enrollment between of about 500 students. It is the high school in the St. Clairsville-Richland City School District. The school mascot is the Red Devil.St. Clairsville High School is a part of the Ohio Valley Athletic Conference the Buckeye 8 and the Ohio High School Athletic Association.
 The University of Kaiserslautern (German Technische Universität Kaiserslautern) is a research university in Kaiserslautern Germany. It was founded in 1970 and is organized into 12 faculties.
 Gombe State University (GSU) is located in Gombe State Nigeria. It is a member of the Association of Commonwealth Universities.
 Nicholls State University founded in 1948 is a public university located in Thibodaux Louisiana USA. Nicholls is part of the University of Louisiana System of universities. Originally called Francis T. Nicholls Junior College the university is named for Francis T.
 Canadian International School of Hong Kong (CDNIS) is an international school in Aberdeen Hong Kong. Founded in 1991 the school provides an education for over 1800 students representing more than 40 nationalities from Pre Reception to Grade 12. An International Baccalaureate (IB) World School CDNIS is authorized to deliver the Diploma Programme (DP) Middle Years Programme (MYP) and Primary Years Programme (PYP).
 King's University College (locally known as King's College or simply King's) is a Roman Catholic co-educational liberal arts college located in London Ontario Canada.It is affiliated with St.
 The University of Puerto Rico at Ponce (UPRP or UPR-Ponce) is a state university located in the municipality of Ponce Puerto Rico. UPRP is the only campus of the University of Puerto Rico System in the southern region of the island.
 Turves Green Boys' Technology and Humanities College is a secondary school in the Northfield area of Birmingham England. It is approximately 70 years old. The school is an all-boys school with Technology College and Humanities College status. It received Technology College status in 1995. Approximately one fifth of pupils are on the special needs register. The 2007 OFSTED inspection noted that a very small proportion of pupils were of ethnic minorities.
 Newcastle-under-Lyme School is an independent school in the town of Newcastle-under-Lyme in Staffordshire England. It is the product of an amalgamation between the old Newcastle High School (formed 1874) and the Orme Girls' School (formed 1876). Today the school consists of a nursery a preparatory department the senior school and the sixth form. It takes both boys and girls from 3-18 and provides them with a high level of education.
 St. Bartholomew's School (known colloquially as St Bart's) is a co-educational state funded academy school founded in 1466 in Newbury Berkshire in the United Kingdom. It accepts students aged 11–18 and currently has approximately 1600 students on roll including a sixth form of around 400.
 The University of Piteşti is a public university in Piteşti Romania founded in 1991. The University of Pitești has over 700 people as teaching staff and administrative personnel and around of 12000 students.
 Notre Dame Seminary is a resident accredited graduate theological school in New Orleans Louisiana founded in 1923 for the education of men to be priests of the Roman Catholic Church. The building located at 2901 South Carrollton Avenue was constructed between 1922-1923 and was designed by architect General Allison Owen.It offers the graduate degrees of M.Div. and M.A. in theological studies. It operates under the auspices of the Archdiocese of New Orleans.
 Netaji Nagar College (Evening) established in 1967 is an undergraduate college in Kolkata West Bengal India. It is affiliated with the University of Calcutta.
 Shanghai Normal University (SHNU) (Chinese: 上海师范大学) is a public university in Shanghai China. As a key university in Shanghai city it is a comprehensive local university with salient features of teacher training and particular strength in liberal arts. The main undertakings of the university are undergraduate education with the chief aim of producing high level application-oriented talents.
 The University of Washington School of Law or Washington School of Law is the law school of the University of Washington located on the northwest corner of the main campus in Seattle Washington.The most recent 2015 U.S. News & World Report law school rankings place it at #24 making it the highest-ranking law school in the Pacific Northwest.The school was first organized in 1899. The current law building the William H.
 Sudbrook Magnet Middle School is one of Baltimore County's public schools. It is located at 4300 Bedford Road Lochearn MD 21208.
 Peterhouse is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge England. It is the oldest college of the University having been founded in 1284 by Hugo de Balsham Bishop of Ely and granted its charter by King Edward I. Today Peterhouse has 226 undergraduates 86 full-time graduate students and 45 fellows. Despite being one of the smallest colleges it has one of the highest overall endowments in excess of £250 million.
 UME Preparatory Academy (UME Prep) is a new charter school in Duncanville Texas. It teaches grades K–12 using the University Method of Education
 Yellow Springs High School is a public high school in Yellow Springs Ohio. It is the only high school in the Yellow Springs Exempted Village Schools district teaching grades 9-12. McKinney Middle School is the district's only secondary school teaching grades 7 & 8. Mills Lawn Elementary is the district's only primary school teaching kindergarten and grades 1-6. Their mascot is a bulldog.They are part of the Metro Buckeye Conference in Ohio.
 The Osaka Shoin Women's Junior College (大阪樟蔭女子大学短期大学部 Ōsaka Shōin Joshi Daigaku Tanki Daigakubu) was a private women's junior college in the city of Kashiba Nara Japan.
 The Bo Government Secondary School commonly known as Bo School is a secondary school located on a 13.5 acres (5.5 ha) property in the center of Bo the second largest city in Sierra Leone. The school was founded in 1906 at the behest of the British colonial governor Leslie Probyn to educate the sons of Paramount Chiefs. Hence it has a long history of developing the elite of Sierra Leone especially the country's politicians.Bo school is a 100 percent boarding school for boys.
 The College of Veterinary Medicine (CVM) is one of the 11 degree-granting units of the University of the Philippines at Los Baños.
 The New Brighton Area School District is a suburban public school district located in Beaver County Pennsylvania. It serves the boroughs of New Brighton Pulaski and Fallston and the township of Daugherty. New Brighton Area School District encompasses approximately 12 square miles (31 km2). According to 2000 federal census data the district serves a resident population of 12065 people.
 Willamette University is an American private institution of higher learning located in Salem Oregon. Founded in 1842 it is the oldest university in the Western United States. Willamette is a member of the Annapolis Group of colleges and is made up of an undergraduate College of Liberal Arts and post-graduate schools of business law and education. The university is a member of the NCAA's Division III Northwest Conference.
 Viterbo University is a Roman Catholic liberal arts university located in La Crosse Wisconsin United States in the Diocese of La Crosse.
 . Danville High School is located at 600 Walnut Street Danville Pennsylvania. The school is part of the Danville Area School District which is one of 500 public school districts in Pennsylvania. The high school serves fragments of two rural Pennsylvania counties. In Montour County the school serves the Boroughs of Danville and Washingtonville and Cooper Township Derry Township Liberty Township Mahoning Township Mayberry Township Valley Township and West Hemlock Township.
 Drakensberg Boys Choir School is a school near the small town of Winterton in the heart of the Drakensberg mountain range in KwaZulu-Natal South Africa.The school educates the members of Drakensberg Boys Choir. It was founded in 1967 and claims to be the only choir school in Africa.[citation needed] Enrollment is approximately 100 boys aged 9 to 15. The school has a 600-seat auditorium constructed in 1995 and holds weekly concerts.
 Bert Lynn Middle School is a public middle school in Torrance California. Bert Lynn covers grades 6th through 8th. For over seven years the Bert Lynn Learning community has shown top academic scores.In addition to strong academic scores Bert Lynn Middle School has been recognized at both the state level with several distinguished school awards and national recognition in 2006 as a Blue Ribbon School.California Distinguished School in 2001 2005 and 2009.
 The Isabela State University is a public university in the province of Isabela Philippines. It is mandated to provide advanced instruction in the arts agricultural and natural sciences as well as in technological and professional fields. Its main campus is located in Echague Isabela.
 The City and Guilds of London Art School is an art college in London England United Kingdom. It is one of the country's longest established art colleges and offers courses ranging from Foundation through B.A. degree Postgraduate Diploma and M.A. degree levels.The Art School is housed in a row of Georgian buildings in London's Kennington district close to the south bank of the river Thames.
 Hornsey School for Girls is the only all-girl secondary school located in the borough of Haringay situated in the Hornsey/Crouch End area of North London. As a high performing academic and international school their motto is Educating London's young women of the future. In summer 2012 77% of Year 11 students obtained 5+ A*-C passes at GCSE and A2 results saw a 100% pass rate. Hornsey School for Girls was awarded a specialism in Performing Arts.
 'UEI Global' is the flagship brand of Berggruen Education Private Limited which is a venture of Berggruen Holdings. Berggruen Holdings is the direct investment vehicle of the Nicolas Berggruen Charitable Trust estimated to exceed $3 billion. It has made more than 100 direct investments over the last 20 years across various assets classes including Private Equity Hedge Funds Real Estate and Public Markets. Berggruen has regional offices in the US Germany Israel Turkey and India.
 The University of Veterinary and Pharmaceutical Sciences Brno (Czech: Veterinární a farmaceutická univerzita Brno abbreviated VFU) is a public university located in Brno Czech Republic.
 The bachelor of technology (commonly abbreviated as B.Tech. or B.Tech. (Hons) or BT) is an undergraduate academic degree conferred after completion of a three or four-year program of studies at an accredited university or accredited university-level institution.
 Singidunum University (Serbian: Универзитет Сингидунум / Univerzitet Singidunum) is a private university in Belgrade Serbia. The first of the faculties the integral part of the university was founded in 1999 while the university itself was established in 2005 following the decision issued by the Council for University Education Development of the Republic of Serbia.
 Riverside High School is a public co-educational comprehensive high school in Riverside Launceston Tasmania Australia. It was opened in 1962 one of a number similar schools established around the same time. It caters for about 820 students in years 7 to 10.
 The Alfred High School (also known as Mohandas Gandhi High School) in Rajkot is one of the oldest institutions in India today.
 TAPMI - Manipal (popularly known by its acronym TAPMI) is a leading Private autonomousbusiness school in India. It was established in 1980 and is located in the university town of Manipal near the temple town of Udupi in Karnataka. It is the second B-School in India to get global accreditation to the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) after Indian School of Business.
 Ben Tre High School for the Gifted (other name: Ben Tre High School Vietnamese: Trường Trung học Phổ thông Chuyên Bến Tre or Phổ thông Trung học Bến Tre) is a metropolitan public magnet school in Ben Tre Vietnam. It is located at 21 Le Quy Don Ward 2 Ben Tre City next to the shores of Truc Giang Lake (Chung Thuy Lake).
 The Al Ain English Speaking School (A.A.E.S.S.) is a school for expatriate children living in Al Ain United Arab Emirates. As of 27 April 2010 the school had an estimated 1150 students 400 in Secondary and 750 in Primary.[citation needed] The school consists of children and teachers of many nationalities and ethnic backgrounds which makes it nationally recognized. It is also Cambridge certified and a member of British Schools Middle East.
 Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya Jorhat is CBSE affiliated school of Jorhat district of Assam under Shillong region of Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti (NVS).One of 557 JNVS known for its academics spread all over India by Government of India. It is located about 16 km from Jorhat town.
 The University of Newcastle upon Tyne Medical School was established in 1834 in the city of Newcastle upon Tyne and served as the College of Medicine in connection with Durham University from 1851 to 1937 when it joined Armstrong College to form King's College Durham. In 1963 King's College became the University of Newcastle upon Tyne. The university now uses the name Newcastle University.
 Delta Secondary School Windhoek (DSSW German: Delta Oberschule Windhoek DOSW) previously known as Deutsche Oberschule Windhoek is government school in Namibia. Situated in the capital Windhoek it was separated from its younger counterpart Delta School Windhoek (DSW) formerly known as German School Windhoek in January 1975.
 Kirkwood High School is a public secondary school in Kirkwood Missouri. The school is part of the Kirkwood R-7 School District. The current principal is Dr. Mike Havener.
 Columbus Global Academy is a public school located in Columbus Ohio. It is part of the Columbus City Schools district. It opened in 2008. But the ESL program in Columbus City Schools from which it was formed was there since 1999. It was created to educate students who are new to the United States.
 The Symbiosis Society is a family of 37 educational institutions on 19 campuses in India. It has some 27000 students.The Society manages the Symbiosis International University (SIU) formerly Symbiosis International Education CentreSymbiosis is a Greek term meaning 'Living together for mutual benefit'. Symbiosis is an educational and cultural center established in 1971 under the patronage of S. B.
 The Department of Medicine of the University of Pamplona is part of the Faculty of Health and (as its name indicates) it is responsible for the academic program of Medicina. This program got the qualified registration by the Ministry of Education by 7 years through the Decree N°5882 (which was issued on December 13 2005).
 North University of China (NUC; simplified Chinese: 中北大学; traditional Chinese: 中北大學; pinyin: zhōngběidà xué) is a university based in Taiyuan Shanxi province China，which was once called North China Institute of Technology (1993–2004). It was formerly known as Taihang Industrial Schoolwhich was founded in September 8 1941 and renamed Taiyuan Institute of Machinery in 1958.
 The Woodside Priory School commonly known as The Priory is an independent coeducational Roman Catholic college preparatory day and boarding school in the Benedictine tradition located in Portola Valley California in the United States. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Francisco.
 Osgoode Hall Law School is the law school of York University in Toronto and is the oldest law school in Ontario. It is consistently ranked as one of the top law schools in Canada by Maclean's Magazine ranking second among common-law schools in 2011 and 2012.
 University High School is a public four-year high school located in Orange City Florida United States. Established in 2010 it is the newest high school established in Volusia County since 1994 as well as its costliest. As of 2010 it is the largest high school in Volusia County by enrollment.The new school opened on 16 August 2010.
 Emam Mohammad Bagher (in Persian:بنیاد فرهنگی امام محمد باقر) is a high school located in Isfahan Iran. It is he main branch of the Emam Mohammad Bagher Higher Education Institute which consists of several elementary and high schools in Isfahan.
 St. George's Academy is an secondary school in North Kesteven Lincolnshire England. It was founded in 1908 and has now moved sites to the 32-acre (13 ha) land it is currently on. In 1994 the School gained specialist schools status as a Technology College. The school's facilities include a childcare centre that was opened in June 2008. It was called St.
 Marais Viljoen High School (Afrikaans: Hoërskool Marais Viljoen) is a public co-educational high school in Alberton Gauteng South Africa.
 SeDoMoCha Elementary and Middle Schools are both primary schools located in Dover-Foxcroft Maine. During its first incarnation it was a junior high school which included grades 6–8 in the MSAD 68 school district which comprises the towns of Dover-Foxcroft Monson Sebec and Charleston with several other smaller communities. Currently the complex comprises students from pre-K to 8th grade from these communities.
 The Ira A. Fulton College of Engineering and Technology represents Brigham Young University's (BY) engineering discipline and includes the following engineering departments: chemical civil electrical and computer mechanical and the school of technology. The College awards about 700 degrees every year (600 BS 90 MS 18 PhD) and has almost 3500 students.
 Namchi Government College established in 1995 is the general degree college in Namchi. It offers undergraduate courses in arts. It is affiliated to Sikkim University.
 Catholic University of St. Paul known locally as Universidad Católica San Pablo (UCSP) is a private university in Arequipa Peru. The university is owned by the Sodalitium Christianae Vitae.The university has two campuses one in Salaverry avenue and one in Campiña Paisajista urb.
 Osmania College is a provincial school in Jaffna Sri Lanka. It was once a prominent educational institution for the city's Muslim community.
 Brooklyn Center High School is a public high school located in Brooklyn Center Minnesota.
 Keijō Imperial University (京城帝国大学 Keijō Teikoku Daigaku) or Jōdai (城大) for short was an Imperial University of Japan from 1924-1946. Established in Keijō city on the Korean Peninsula in 1924 (modern-day Seoul South Korea) it was abolished by the United States Army Military Government in Korea (USAMGIK) in 1946 after the overthrow of Japanese rule.
 The Indian Institute of Management Ranchi (Hindi: भारतीय प्रबंध संस्थान राँची) abbreviated IIM Ranchi or IIM-R is a public business school located in Ranchi Jharkhand. It is the ninth Indian Institute of Management to be established. It was inaugurated on 6 July 2010.
 Witherslack Hall School is in the village of Witherslack near Grange-over-Sands Cumbria England. It is a residential and day school for boys aged 11–19 with special educational needs including complex learning communication behavioural emotional and social difficulties. It holds places for about 60-72 pupils who go home at weekends and school holidays.
 All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) Bhubaneswar is a medical college and medical research public university located in Bhubaneswar Odisha India. The Institute operates autonomously under the aegis of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (India). Previously AIIMS Bhubaneswar was known as the Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose All India Institute of Medical Sciences later it became AIIMS - Bhubaneswar.
 Salford City College is a further education college based in Salford England. It opened on 1 January 2009 as the result of a merger between Salford College Eccles College and Pendleton College to form a 'supercollege'. Salford City College continues to function in the same buildings that the previous colleges had.
 Sammilani Mahavidyalaya established in 1996 is an undergraduate college in Kolkata West Bengal India. It is affiliated with the University of Calcutta.
 Weber High School /ˈwiːbər/ is a Utah secondary school located in Pleasant View Utah about 5 miles north of Ogden Utah. It serves the residents of Pleasant View North Ogden Harrisville Huntsville Eden and Liberty. It is part of the Weber School District and includes grades 10-12. The location of the original Weber High School was between 11th and 12th Street on the east side of Washington Boulevard in Ogden (site of a current Shopko store).
 Melior International College (MIC) is a private education in Singapore. Melior International College is situated in the heart of Singapore's prestigious Central Business District at Robinson Road. Melior partnership with CQUniversity to deliver strong education through research learning and teaching in Singapore.
 Phoenixville Area High School is a senior high school located on 1200 Gay St Phoenixville Pennsylvania. It is a member of the Phoenixville Area School District and teaches students from grades nine through twelve. There are currently 964 members of the student body and the principal is Dr. Craig Parkinson (2014). The school's mascot is the Phantom who has been the mascot since the 1960s. The Phantoms' colors are purple and white.
 Edina High School is a three-year public high school located in Edina Minnesota a suburb of Minneapolis. The school was founded in 1949 and is the main high school in the Edina School District. The current student population is 1940.Edina High School ranks 234th nationally according to U.S. News & World Report.
 Shimer College (often referred to as Shimer /ˈʃaɪmər/ SHY-mər) is a very small private undergraduate liberal arts college in Chicago Illinois in the United States. Founded by Frances Wood Shimer in 1853 in the frontier town of Mt. Carroll Illinois it was a women's school for most of its first century. It joined with the University of Chicago (U. of C.) in 1896 and became one of the first junior colleges in the country in 1907.
 The Indo Global Colleges (Hindi: इंडो ग्लोबल कॉलेज) are a group of self-financed unaided institutes located in Abhipur Punjab India. The colleges were established in 2003 by the Indo Global Education Foundation (IGEF) and are affiliated to Punjab Technical University (PTU) offering various courses in engineering architecture and management at bachelor and master levels.
 Osbourn Park Senior High School is a Prince William County Virginia public high school in a small county island between the cities of Manassas and Manassas Park.Osbourn Park serves the mid-part of the county. The community consists of business professional U.S. Government and military residents. Osbourn Park has also been designated as The Biotechnology Center and houses two other unique programs: Allied Health and NJROTC.
 Bleckley County High School is a high school in Cochran Georgia USA 120 miles south of Atlanta. The school reaches students in grades 9-12 from the town of Cochran and the rest of Bleckley County.Bleckley County built a new high school that opened in the fall of 2005. The previous building having in its final year been the oldest non-renovated high school in the state of Georgia now serves as the county's Pre-Kindergarten facility.
 Ferrum High School is a coeducational secondary school in Newcastle KwaZulu-Natal South Africa.
 The St. Petersburg I. I. Mechnikov State Medical Academy (SPSMA) is a public university located in St. Petersburg Russian Federation. The SPSMA is one of the oldest and largest Russian Higher Medical Schools. Over its 100 years of history the Academy remains a leading institution of Russia in medicine and training specialists in preventive and clinical medicine. It is often called the Second Medical College in St.
 Barry Comprehensive School (Welsh: Ysgol Gyfun y Barri) is a secondary school for boys aged 11–18 situated opposite Highlight Park in the town of Barry in Wales. Bryn Hafren Comprehensive School is the partner girls' school that also provides a mixed sixth form for both schools.
 Wayland Academy is a private coeducational college preparatory boarding high school located in Beaver Dam Wisconsin USA. The student population at the beginning of the 2011-2012 school year was 220. Wayland's emphasis on cultivating well-rounded individuals as well as academic prowess is reflected in its motto Knowledge and Character.
 The Florida State University School of Information is a school within the Florida State University College of Communication and Information. The school offers programs in Information Science and Information Technology. These programs are consistently top-ranked programs in the nation and have held such rankings for many years in the U.S. News & World Report.
 Newland School For Girls is a girls' school situated in Kingston upon Hull England.On 28 August 2007 the school celebrated its centenary. The School's unofficial song is The City Of The Light an old hymn which has been interpreted as an advanced metaphor for the unity needed to bring together a successful school. The school's motto Ad Lucem (to the light) is in keeping with this theme.
 The University of Montemorelos (Spanish: Universidad de Montemorelos) is a private coeducational Seventh-day Adventist university located in Montemorelos Nuevo León Mexico.
 Muhimbili University of Health and Allied Sciences (MUHAS) is a public university in Dar es Salaam Tanzania.
 McGuffey School District is a midsized rural public school system located in Washington County Pennsylvania. It serves 10 communities including the boroughs of West Alexander Claysville and Green Hills and the townships of West Finley East Finley Morris Donegal Buffalo Blaine and South Franklin. McGuffey School District encompasses approximately 203 square miles. According to 2000 federal census data it serves a resident population of 13695 people.
 Gymnázium Jura Hronca (GJH) is a gymnasium (high school) located in Bratislava Slovakia.The school has a focus on the study of natural sciences mathematics and computer sciences. However its affiliation with the International Baccalaureate an active bi-lingual (English – Slovak) programme and the option to study several foreign languages such as French and German the school has a strong reputation for the study of foreign languages.
 Nukutere College is a Roman Catholic secondary school located in Avarua Rarotonga Cook Islands. It is the country’s only Roman Catholic secondary school and has an important educational role across the archipelago. Nukutere means people on a journey a reference to the pilgrim Church in the South Pacific context.
 University of Horticultural Sciences Bagalkote is a new Public university exclusively dedicated to the study and research of Horticultural sciences established by the Government of Karnataka at Bagalkote district.Realizing the importance of Horticulture and the need for research and development support for its further expansion the University of Horticultural Sciences Bagalkot was established by the Government of Karnataka through a special ordinance (no.2 of 2008) on 22/11/2008 and duly enacted by Karnataka Act no-11 of 2010 dated 13/05/2010. 
 Travelers Rest High School is a public high school in Travelers Rest South Carolina. The school's mascot is the Devildog.The old high school building has been used to film the movie Leatherheads starring George Clooney.Travelers Rest High School is a vibrant community of approximately 1250 students grades 9-12. The school boasts strong curricular programs including AP classes and the IB program as well as co-curricular sports arts and academic opportunities.
 The Simion Bărnuţiu National College (Romanian: Colegiul Național Simion Bărnuţiu) is a high school in Șimleu Silvaniei Romania opened on October 1 1919.
 Riverton Parke Jr.-Sr. High School is a public school in Montezuma Indiana serving students in grades 7 through 12. It was created from the consolidation of former high schools in western and southern Parke County Indiana Rosedale High School Mecca High School Bridgeton High School and Montezuma High School.
 Iroquois Ridge High School is a secondary school located in the Toronto suburb of Oakville and has 1327 students.
 Pisgah High School is a public senior high school located in Canton North Carolina United States approximately 25 miles (40 km) west-southwest of Asheville.
 Fleetwood Park Secondary is a public high school in Surrey British Columbia part of School District 36 Surrey. The school ranked 48 of 293 according to the Fraser Institute Studies in Education Policy in 2012–2013 with a 97.2% graduation rate.
 Wapahani High School is a very small high school located near Selma Indiana. The school is the only high school for the community which is served by Liberty-Perry Community Schools.
 Woodland Christian High School (WCHS) is a secondary school located in Breslau Ontario Canada. Founded in 1976 by a group of churches in the Cambridge area Woodland provides Christian based education. It was the belief of the founders that it was their responsibility as Christians and people of God to establish a school in which all of its courses and activities would honor Jesus Christ and would lead students to a deeper understanding of Him and what it means to serve Him.
 Bartin University is a university located in Bartin Turkey. It was established in 2008.
 Moanalua High School is a public co-educational college preparatory high school of the Hawaiʻi State Department of Education and serves grades nine through twelve. Established in 1972 and graduated its first class in 1975 Moanalua High School is located in suburban Salt Lake near Moanalua in the City & County of Honolulu of the state of Hawaiʻi. It is situated on an extinct volcano hillside overlooking downtown Honolulu at 2825 Ala ʻIlima Street.
 For other educational institutions using the name LaSalle University see La Salle University (disambiguation).
 Liberty Union High School District is a public school district based in Contra Costa County California United States.
 Langdon Park Secondary School (also known as Langdon Park Sports Community College) is a coeducationalcommunity secondary school and sixth form located in the Poplar area of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets England. The school operates a sixth form provision in consortium with Bow School St Paul's Way Trust School and Stepney Green Maths Computing & Science College. The sixth form consortium is known as Sixth Form East.
 Carmel College is a sixth form college located in the borough of St Helens Merseyside.
 The National Institute of Technology Uttarakhand (also known as NIT Uttarakhand or NITUK) is a public engineering institution in the Indian state of Uttarakhand. It was founded in 2010 being one of the 30 National Institutes of Technology in India and is recognised as an Institute of National Importance. It admitted its first batch of students in 2010-11.
 Prospect Charter School is a public charter school in Prospect Oregon United States.
 The Telfer School of Management is a business school located at the University of Ottawa in Ottawa Ontario Canada. The school is named in honour of one university alumnus Ian Telfer (MBA 1976) who made a significant donation to the University of Ottawa. The donation of $25 million to the school's business program is the largest donation in Canadian history to be given to a business school.
 Bradford Girls' Grammar School is a free school for girls aged 5 – 18 and boys aged 5 – 11. Founded in 1857 the school is located on the outskirts of Bradford city centre in West Yorkshire England. Recent public examination results put the school top in Bradford and among the top three in Yorkshire. Bradford girls also has an amazing debating society which the labour mp went to at her days at the school.
 Pleasantville High School is a comprehensive community public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from the City of Pleasantville in Atlantic County New Jersey United States.
 Istanbul Cağaloğlu Anadolu Lisesi located in Cağaloğlu İstanbul is one of the oldest and internationally renowned high schools of Turkey. Istanbul Cağaloğlu Anadolu Lisesi is considered to be an elite public high school in Turkey. The primary languages of instruction are Turkish and German. The secondary foreign language of instruction is English. Germany recognizes the school as a Deutsche Auslandsschule (German International school).Education is four years after one prep year.
 Dillard University is a private historically black liberal arts college in New Orleans Louisiana United States. Founded in 1930 incorporating earlier institutions that went back to 1869 it is affiliated with the United Church of Christ and the United Methodist Church.The campus is near Gentilly Boulevard and the London Avenue Canal established in the 1930s.
 Lingnan Secondary School (嶺南中學) is a secondary school located in Heng Fa Chuen Hong Kong. It was established on Stubbs Road and moved to its present campus in 1999. Different from other education institutions in the town Lingnan Secondary School's students do not necessarily come from this town.
 Robert Lee High School is a public high school located in Robert Lee Texas (USA) and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. It is part of the Robert Lee Independent School District located in northwestern Coke County. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Ming-Der Chinese School [明德中文學校] was established in 1993 by current principal Hung Banh.The school has been expanded to five locations in Sydney Australia; Fairvale Public School; Birrong Public School; Harrington St Public School; Auburn Public School and Canley Vale Public School.With over 800 students Ming-Der Chinese School has become one of the leading Chinese schools in Australia.Accommodating for all levels from Beginners to Advanced students Ming-Der Chinese School is a popular choice for students wanting to learn Mandarin Chinese.
 Georgia Southern University (GS) is a public university located on a 900-acre (3.6 km2) campus in Statesboro Georgia USA. Founded in 1906 it is part of the University System of Georgia and is the largest center of higher education in the southern half of Georgia offering 117 academic majors in a comprehensive array of baccalaureate degrees and master's and doctoral programs.
 The University of Klagenfurt (also Alpen-Adria-Universität Klagenfurt  AAU) is the largest education and research establishment in the Austrian province of Carinthia and has facilities in Klagenfurt Vienna and Graz. Efforts to develop the university began in 1964 and regular degree programmes commenced in 1973 during the tenure of provincial governor Hans Sima.
 St Hilda's is an independent preparatory school for girls aged 2 – 11 and boys aged 2–4 in Bushey Hertfordshire UK.
 Timberline High School is a three-year public secondary school in Boise Idaho. Opened in August 1998 it is the fourth and newest traditional high school in the Boise School District serving its southeast portion. Originally opened as Les Bois Junior High in 1994 it was expanded and the junior high was rebuilt at a different location. The school colors are royal blue silver and black and the mascot is a wolf.
 Culloden Academy (Scottish Gaelic: Acadamaidh Cùil Lodair) established in August 1982 is a non-denominational secondary school in Culloden Highland Scotland. The present enrollment is 1099 pupils. The catchment area includes Balloch Croy Smithton Cradlehall and Ardersier in the east of Inverness.
 Sejong University (세종대학교 世宗大學校) is a private university located in Seoul South Korea. The history of Sejong University dates to 1940 when a trust established the Kyung Sung Humanities Institute.
 John R. Rogers High School is a four-year public secondary school in Spokane Washington part of Spokane Public Schools (District No. 81). Opened in 1932 in northeast Spokane the school is named after John Rankin Rogers the third governor of the State of Washington. The 90000-square-foot (8400 m2) school was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 7 2011.
 Pine Rivers State High School is an Australian Queensland state secondary school situated north of Brisbane in the suburb of Strathpine.
 The Oaks Adventist Christian School is a private Christian school located in Houston Texas.
 Jordan Academy for Maritime Studies (جامعة الإسراء) is a private educational institution located in Amman Jordan. It was established in 2002 with 30% of its share being owned by the Arab Bridge Maritime company. The first scholastic year started in fall 2004. The academy offers four-year degrees in Nautical Studies. It is accredited by the Jordan Maritime Authority.
 The University of Strathclyde is a Scottish public research university located in Glasgow Scotland. It is Glasgow's second university by age being founded in 1796 as the Andersonian Institute and receiving its Royal Charter in 1964 as the UK's first technological university. It takes its name from the historic Kingdom of Strathclyde.The University of Strathclyde is Scotland's third largest university by number of students with students and staff from over 100 countries.
 Leahurst College High School is a grade 7–12 independent school located in Kingston Ontario Canada. The school was established in 2013 and began its first year during the 2013–2014 academic year. Currently offering grade 9 Leahurst College will offer grades 7–10 for the 2014–2015 academic year and grades 7–12 by 2016–2017. Founded by current Head of School Elizabeth Turcke the school took over the old Ministry of Health Offices in the Woollen Mill Building on Cataraqui St.
 The Jorge Basadre Grohmann National University (Spanish: Universidad Nacional Jorge Basadre Grohmann) is a public university located in the city of Tacna Peru. It was founded by Decree Law No. 1894 on August 26 1971; academic activities started on May 13 1972. The university is named after Jorge Basadre a renowned Peruvian historian born in Tacna. Currently the university is known by the acronym UNJBG and prepares students for 30 careers.
 West Rocks Middle School is a junior high school located in Norwalk Connecticut. The principal of the school is Dr. Lynne Moore. The school feeds into Norwalk High School. The school colors are green and yellow.
 Endicott College is a four-year private college located in Beverly Massachusetts United States. A distinguishing feature of the college is the use of required internships to link classroom and off-campus work experience using an applied learning concept.
 The Madeira Interactive Technologies Institute (Madeira-ITI or M-ITI) was conceived in 2000 formally integrated as a research group in 2007 and established as an Innovation Institute in 2010.A result from a collaborative connection between the University of Madeira Madeira Tecnopolo and Carnegie Mellon University.
 St Martha's School is an Roman Catholic independent girls only school for children from 11 - 18 offering day facilities in Hadley Wood in the London Borough of Enfield England founded in 1946.
 St. Mary's School is a Jesuit-run secondary school located on Nesbit Road Mazagaon in the city of Mumbai India. The school is affiliated with Bombay's Church of St. Anne which is adjacent to the school.St. Mary's is an Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE) affiliate. Having been founded in the year 1864 it is also amongst the oldest continually running private schools in India.
 Shrewsbury High School is an independent day school for girls from ages 3 to 18 and boys up to age 13 in Shrewsbury Shropshire England. It is an original member school of the Girls' Day School Trust.
 Beaverhead County High School is a high school in the small town of Dillon Beaverhead County Montana.In 2005 it had 412 students and 24 teachers. The students were 97% white and the remainder Hispanic. 7% were eligible for free lunch compared to a state average of 29%.
 Bear Creek Secondary School (known as BCSS) is a public secondary school (grades 9-12) located in Barrie Ontario Canada. It was founded in 2001 and currently has an enrollment of more than 1600 students.
 Not to be confused with Holy Trinity Orthodox Seminary in Jordanville New York or Holy Trinity College and Seminary in New Port Richey Florida.Holy Trinity Seminary is a Roman Catholic seminary residence in Irving Texas United States in the Diocese of Dallas Texas that is located within the University of Dallas campus. University of Dallas is an independent Catholic University with strong ties to the Diocese of Dallas.
 Nagoya University of Commerce & Business (名古屋商科大学 Nagoya shōka daigaku) is a private university at Nisshin Aichi Japan. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1935 and it was chartered as a university in 1953.The university started awarding MBA degrees in 2005 and won accreditation from AACSB in 2006 and from the Association of MBAs (AMBA) in 2008.
 The Kingsburg Joint Union High School District is a school district located in Kingsburg Fresno County California. Its primary school is Kingsburg High School.
 New Era Academy is an innovation high school serving grades 9 through 12 located in the Cherry Hill neighborhood of South Baltimore Maryland. It is operated as an innovation high school by Replications Inc. for the Baltimore City Public School System. The school was changed to a transformation school for 2010-2011 school year serving grades 6-7/9-12.The school opened in 2003 serving students citywide. It is expected to have about 400 students at full capacity.
 Frederic Remington High School is a rural public secondary school located between Whitewater and Potwin and north of the unincorporated community of Brainerd. It is one of three schools operated by Unified School District 206 and is the sole high school in the district. This school is also commonly known as Remington High School as the shorter name and Whitewater-Remington High School on KSHSAA sport lists.
 The China University of Petroleum (Huadong) (simplified Chinese: 中国石油大学(华东); traditional Chinese: 中國石油大學(華東); pinyin: Zhōngguó Shíyóu Dàxué (Huádōng) is a comprehensive university in Qingdao and Dongying Shandong Province China. Formerly being part of the China University of Petroleum headquartered in Beijing it was co-established as an independent entity in 2005 by the Ministry of Education four petroleum and petrochemical companies and the government of Shandong Province.
 Baba Gandha Singh Public School or BGS Barnala is a school in Barnala Punjab India. It is a senior secondary school with classes from Nursery to 10+2. It is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education(CBSE) New Delhi.
 Prince Matriculation Higher Secondary School (PMHSS) is a renowned private school in the southern suburbs of Chennai Tamil Nadu India. The school is recognized by the State Government of Tamil Nadu and is affiliated to the Matriculation System of Tamil Nadu up to Standard 10 and the Tamil Nadu State Board for Standards 11 and 12. Founded in 1978 by Dr. K.
 Vilnius University (Lithuanian: Vilniaus universitetas; other names exist) is the oldest university in the Baltic states and one of the oldest in Northern Europe. It is the largest university in Lithuania.The university was founded in 1579 as the Jesuit Academy (College) of Vilnius (Vilna Wilno) by King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania - Stephen Báthory. It was the third oldest university in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
 Silver Creek Central School District is a public school district serving Silver Creek New York. The district has three schools to serve students in prekindergarten through grade 12.
 MacArthur High School is a secondary school located in Levittown New York. One of two high schools in the Levittown Union Free School District the high school is named after United States General Douglas MacArthur. In addition to the school's principal Kathleen Valentino there are two Assistant Principals: Mr. Joseph Sheehan and Mrs. Anne Rao. According to the 2007 Newsweek Magazine issue of Top 1200 U.S. schools MacArthur High School is currently ranked as #518.
 St. George’s College is a private bilingual co-educational learning institution located in Quilmes Province of Buenos Aires Argentina. Founded in 1898 it is among the most exclusive and upper-class schools in Argentina and indeed in Latin America. St. George's College is the first boarding school established in Latin America. Originally an all-boys school St. George's College was made co-educational in 1975. The School is a member of the G20 Schools Group.
 Black Country University Technical College is a university technical college (UTC) located in the Bloxwich area of Walsall West Midlands England. The University of Wolverhampton and Walsall College are the lead academic sponsors of the UTC and Siemens acts as the lead business partner for the UTC.
 Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Taman Tun Dr. Ismail (lit. Tun Dr. Ismail Park National Secondary School) or SMKTTDI is a secondary school located along Jalan Leong Yew Koh in Taman Tun Dr. Ismail a main township in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. It was founded in 1980.
 Scottsdale Christian Academy is a K-12 non-denominational Christian school in Phoenix Arizona. It is accredited by the North Central Accreditation Association as a College Preparatory school. Over 95% of Scottsdale Christian Academy graduates attend college and the graduation rate is nearly 100%.
 The Government College of Engineering and Technology (CET) Bikaner is an autonomous institution of the government of Rajasthan. The college comes under the Government Engineering College Bikaner Society (ECB Society) which is a model institution of the government of Rajasthan. CET has a Ceramic Centre for testing and R&D.
 Hansung Science High School (한성과학고등학교 or simply 한성과학고 or 한성과고) is a high school (ages 15–18) in Seoul Korea. It was opened in 1992 and selects its students from the top 3% of middle school graduates[citation needed]. Currently it holds 356 students (253 boys and 103 girls) with 56 teachers. It is located near Dongnimmun station which is served by Seoul Subway Line 3 (Orange Line). The school is for gifted students with talents in mathematics and sciences.
 Lake Ridge Academy (LRA) is an independent nonsectarian day school in North Ridgeville Ohio United StatesThe school was founded in 1963 and offers co-educational classes from kindergarten through grade 12. Lake Ridge Academy is the only independent school on the west side of Cleveland and is one of the smallest private schools in the Cleveland area.The school facilities include 88 acres of open fields wooded areas a pond a creek tennis courts Track and field track playing fields.
 Pearson College is a British private for-profit degree provider based in London owned by Pearson PLC. It was founded in 2012.
 Elizabeth College is a single sex independent school in the town of St Peter Port Guernsey founded in 1563 under the orders of Queen Elizabeth I.
 Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Hamid Khan is a secondary school (high school) in Island Glades Penang Malaysia. This school has approximately 750 students.
 Jefferson County Christian School (established in 1978) is located in Wintersville Ohio. It is a non-denominational Christian school.
 Eagle Gate College is a for-profit college that specializes in career education. The College is accredited by the Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools (ACICS). Eagle Gate College offers Bachelor degrees Associate degrees Certificates and Diplomas in fields such as healthcare business criminal justice massage therapy and computer technology. The college is located in Utah with campus locations in Murray Layton and Salt Lake City.
 Nirmala Higher Secondary School is an English Medium Recognised Unaided High School for Boys and Girls (Std. V-XII) following Kerala Syllabus and preparing the students for the S.S.L.C and Higher Secondary Examinations. It is owned and managed by the Diocese of Kothamangalam and is located in Muvattupuzha Ernakulam Kerala in India.
 St. George's Grammar School is a private co-educational day school located in Mowbray a suburb of Cape Town South Africa. It was historically the cathedral school attached to St. George's Cathedral having been founded in 1848 by Robert Gray the first Anglican Bishop of Cape Town. St. George's claims to be the oldest independent school in South Africa.
 Natrona County High School (NCHS) is a public secondary school (grades 9–12) located in Casper Wyoming and serves Natrona County School District #1 which encompasses all of Natrona County Wyoming. The school remains a rival of Kelly Walsh High School one of Casper's other two high schools along with Roosevelt High School. A fourth nearby high school is Midwest School in Midwest Wyoming. The drama department has the distinction of being home to International Thespian Society Troupe 1.
 Baghdad College of Economic Sciences University is a private Iraqi university established in 1996 in Baghdad Iraq.
 International Sakharov Environmental University (ISEU) is a university in Minsk Belarus.The university offers both undergraduate and graduate degrees. As on February 2011 1273 full time students were enrolled.
 Horizon High School is a public high school in Scottsdale Arizona. The school is a part of the Paradise Valley Unified School District. It was constructed in 1980 and the current principal is Linda Ihnat. About 2200 students are enrolled in the school.
 Word of God Christian Academy is a private Christian coeducational primary and secondary day school located in Raleigh North Carolina United States. Also known as Word of God the school was founded in 1993.
 Hilden Grange is a coeducational preparatory school in Tonbridge Kent England. It caters for children from Nursery to Year 8. It has academic records at common entrance and scholarship levels. It is unusual for pupils who leave in Year 8 not to secure a place at their first place secondary school with many going on to Tonbridge School and Sevenoaks School.
 The school The Australian Performing Arts Grammar School (formerly The Australian International Performing Arts High School) is a co-educational secondary day school specialising in the performing arts located in Glebe New South Wales Australia. The school was founded in 2005.
 Montfort College (Thai: มงฟอร์ตวิทยาลัย) is a school in Chiang Mai Thailand. It is one of the most eminent schools in Thailand.
 The Carrollton City School District is a public school district in Carroll County Georgia USA based in Carrollton Georgia. It serves the city of Carrollton Georgia.
 The Peoples' Friendship University of Russia (Russian: Российский университет дружбы народов РУДН) is an educational and research institution located in the south of Moscow that is ranked by the Ministry of Education of Russia as the country's third-best university after Moscow State University and Saint Petersburg State University. It was founded in 1960 as Peoples' Friendship University (Russian: Университет дружбы народов им. Патриса Лумумбы).
 Cottage Grove High School is a public high school located in Cottage Grove Oregon United States.
 Auguste Escoffier School of Culinary Arts formerly the Culinary School of the Rockies was founded in 1991 as a culinary school in Boulder Colorado USA. It is a nationally accredited program offering multiple professional diploma programs classes for food enthusiasts and corporate cooking team building events.
 Panther Creek High School is a public high school located eight miles south of Valera Texas (USA) on FM 503 and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. It is part of the Panther Creek Consolidated Independent School District located in southwestern Coleman County. It is a 1985 consolidation of Talpa-Centennial and Mozelle. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Andover High School was a public high school in Bloomfield Township Oakland County Michigan near Bloomfield Hills and in Greater Detroit. It is a part of the Bloomfield Hills School District. The school's final principal was Rob Durecka. The school was founded in 1955. The school boasted programs in academics the arts and sports.
 Los Angeles High School is the oldest public high school in the Southern California Region and in the Los Angeles Unified School District. Its colors are royal blue and white and the teams are called the Romans.Los Angeles High School is a public secondary high school enrolling an estimated 2000 students in grades 9-12. After operating on a year-round basis consisting of three tracks for ten years it was restored to a traditional calendar in 2010.
 The Abbey Hill School and Performing Arts College is a special secondary school in Stoke-on-Trent Staffordshire England. According to DfES it has been awarded specialist status as an Arts College.
 Polytechnic University of the Philippines Santa Maria Bulacan Campus or PUP-SMBC (Filipino: Politeknikong Unibersidad ng Pilipinas Sudlong ng Santa Maria) is a PUP extension campus in Sitio Gulod Brgy. Pulong-Buhangin Municipality of Santa Maria Bulacan Province Philippines offering undergraduate programs.The extension was created through a Memorandum of Agreement between the University and the Santa Maria Municipality government. Professor Emilia C.
 Canterbury High School is an Ottawa-Carleton District School Board high school in the Elmvale Acres neighbourhood of Ottawa Ontario Canada.It is an arts magnet school and located at 900 Canterbury Ave.
 East Butler Public Schools is a public school district in Butler County Nebraska United States.
 Concord Academy is a coeducational independent college preparatory school for grades nine through twelve located in Concord Massachusetts. Founded in 1922 the school currently enrolls 373 boarding and day students from eight countries and twenty states. The school motto is Learning for Learning's Sake.
 Gymnazium Andreja Vrabla is a gymnasium located in Levice Slovakia. It was named after Andrej Vrábel (1910–1991) a Slovak math teacher.
 St. Joseph's Boys' Higher Secondary School in Kozhikode is one of the oldest educational institutions in India. The School run by the Society of Jesus was started away back in 1793. The Jesuit educators have as their aim the pupil's complete development. The school strives to make the students agents of social change or men for others so that the principles of social justice equality of opportunity genuine freedom respect for religious and moral values may prevail.
 Rustburg High School is a public school for grades nine through twelve located in Rustburg Virginia. It is one of four high schools that are part of the Campbell County Public Schools along with Altavista High School Brookville High School and William Campbell High School.
 Salanter Akiba Riverdale High School (SAR High School) is a Modern Orthodox Yeshiva day school in Riverdale New York City. It was founded in 2003 by Rabbi Naftali Harcsztark. The school is affiliated with SAR Academy which is also in Riverdale Bronx New York City and a little over fifty percent of the roughly 500 students attending SAR High School come from the Academy.
 Homebush Boys High School founded in 1936 is a comprehensive public high school for boys. It is in Homebush in Sydney New South Wales Australia.Formerly a selective high school until the 1970s Homebush Boys was regarded as one of the academically best-performing comprehensive schools and has in the past been ranked above selective schools on the Higher School Certificate results.The school has an enrolment of approximately 1208 students fluctuating from year to year.
 South Side Baptist School is a K3-12th grade school in Oak Lawn Illinois with a Christian curriculum aimed to discipline and encourage the student to progress to his full academic ability. South Side Baptist School was founded in 1975 as a ministry of South Side Baptist Church.
 Beal College is a small private proprietary college located in Bangor Maine USA.
 New England Female Medical College originally Boston Female Medical College was founded in 1848 by Samuel Gregory and was the first school to medically train women. It merged with Boston University School of Medicine in 1873.
 Lapeer East High School is a public high school located in Lapeer Michigan. It is rival school with Lapeer West High School. In 2010 all portable class rooms were removed and the schools was reverted to 9-12 grade students. It was built in 1975 as a result of overcrowding of the former Lapeer High School which became Lapeer West High School.
 Costeas-Geitonas School is a Greek private school which was founded in 1981. It is situated in the suburb of Pallini in the province of Attica. The school includes a kindergarten elementary school middle school and high-school (including an International Baccalaureate department). It is a day school which operates from 8:00 to 17:30.Costeas-Geitonas School is a multi-dynamic and multi-level school and has been an IB school since April 1994. The head of the school is Christos C. Geitonas.
 Miami Central Senior High School commonly referred to as Central Rockets is a secondary school located at 1781 NW 95th Street in West Little River Miami-Dade County Florida United States.
 Burgard Vocational High School is a vocational high school located in Buffalo New York USA. It holds about 800 students from Grades 9 - 12 and teaches according to the Board of Regents. The current Principal is Mr. Brian Wiesinger an the current Assistant Principals are Mr. Robert Maulucci and Ms Lizzy Crispin.
 Jackson City School (under the Jackson Independent School system) is a school serving grades pre-k through 12. It is located in the hills of Eastern Kentucky in Jackson Kentucky—the county seat for Breathitt County.The elementary school portion is named after Herbert W. Spencer after it was rebuilt in the 1960s due the original elementary school caught fire.
 Fellowes High School (FHS) is located at 420 Bell Street in Pembroke Ontario Canada. It is the city's only public English language high school and is managed by the Renfrew County District School Board. The school has an enrollment of 928 students and offers a wide range of programs in grades 9–12. Keith Sheppard became the first Fellowes student to be elected student trustee for the Renfrew County District School Board. His term runs through the 2013-2014 school year.
 The Liceo Scientifico Italiano I.M.I. popularly known as Liceo Italiano in Italian and İtalyan Lisesi in Turkish is under legislation a private school which is situated in Istanbul Turkey. Although considered a private school under Turkish law the Liceo Italiano receives financial support and teachers from Italy.
 West Muskingum High School is a public high school in Zanesville Ohio United States.
 The Angelo State University College Liberal and Fine Arts is a college at Angelo State University in San Angelo Texas. The College consists of seven departments offering courses making it the largest college in terms of departments degrees offered and students at Angelo State University.
 Meadowdale High School is a high school in the Edmonds School District located in Lynnwood Washington. The school has 1560 enrolled students in grades 9 through 12. Meadowdale competes 3A in the Washington Interscholastic Athletic Association after two years as 4A between 2004-2006. The school's mascot is the Maverick though prior to 1999 it was the Chief.
 Shuchiin University (種智院大学 Shuchiin daigaku) is a private university in Fushimi-ku Kyoto Kyoto Japan established in 1949.
 Town School for Boys located in the Pacific Heights neighborhood of San Francisco California is an independent school for boys in the kindergarten through the eighth grade. Established in 1939 by parents from the recently closed privately owned Damon School Town School for Boys is considered an elite institution for boy's education in San Francisco. W. Brewster Ely IV the current headmaster is well respected nationally.
 Tanzania Commission for Universities (TCU) is the statutory and regulatory organization established in 2005 by the Tanzanian Government to oversee University education in Tanzania.It is the body whose recognition approval and accediation is needed before any University can started.
 Gulf University for Science & Technology (GUST) is the first private university established in Kuwait. It has a dual-enrollment agreement with the University of Missouri–St. Louis.
 Comilla Medical College is a medical college in Comilla Bangladesh. It is situated in the village of Kuchaitoli. It is a government medical college that admits 110 students into the five-year MBBS degree programme. It was first established in 28 May 1979 by late president Ziaur Rahman later closed in 1982 due to political change. On 15 August 1992 academic class was started by dr. Habibur Rahman Ansari the first principal. 17 batches have completed their MBBS course by May 2013.
 The Lang School is an independent not-for-profit K-8 school for gifted children with ADHD dyslexia and other language-based learning differences anxiety sensory processing challenges or simply underachievement. It is the only independent elementary school in the United States to serve the needs of twice exceptional (2e) students and the first on the East Coast.
 The University of Oxford (informally Oxford University or simply Oxford) is a collegiate research university located in Oxford England.While Oxford has no known date of foundation there is evidence of teaching as far back as 1096 making it the oldest university in the English-speaking world and the world's second-oldest surviving university. It grew rapidly from 1167 when Henry II banned English students from attending the University of Paris.
 Vignan Institute of Technology & Science is one of the engineering institutions run by the Vignan group of Guntur. It was established in 1999 to offer undergraduate (BTech) courses in Engineering and Technology.
 The Reformed Episcopal Seminary was founded in 1887 in West Philadelphia Pennsylvania with support from a trust created by Harriet Benson in March 1886. The corner stone for the first building to house the Seminary was laid on September 19 of that same year. The seminary offers a Master of Divinity (MDiv) program as well as programs leading to certificates in a variety of theological fields. A diploma program is available for a limited number of students without an undergraduate degree.
 Northland Primary School (Chinese: 新华小学) is an independent primary school located in Yishun Singapore. The students of the school are referred to as Northlanders. The school is located at 15 Yishun Avenue 4 which is near Yishun Park.
 This article is about the present school in Fort McCoy Florida. You might be looking for history of the school before the 1960's or more specifically Fort McCoy High School.Fort McCoy School is a school located in Fort McCoy Florida. It is one of the few schools in Marion County Florida to serve pre-kindergarten through eighth grade. The school currently has about 1300 students.The school colors are maroon and navy blue.
 Chandler–Gilbert Community College is a community college in the Maricopa County Community College District.
 Palo Verde College formerly called Palo Verde Junior College is a community college in Blythe California.
 St Paul's School is a boys' independent school founded in 1509 by John Colet and located on a 42 acre (17 hectare) site by the River Thames in Barnes London. It is one of the original nine British public schools the so-called 'Clarendon Schools' investigated by the Clarendon Commission set up in 1861 – however it was argued successfully that the school should be omitted from the Public Schools Act 1868.
 El Dorado High School is a 9th–12th grade public high school located in Placentia California. Established in 1966 it is one of four high schools in the Placentia-Yorba Linda Unified School District. The campus is located at 1651 Valencia Avenue approximately 29 miles from downtown Los Angeles and 18 miles from the California coastline.The school currently has an enrollment of over 2400 students. The school's first graduating class was the class of 1969.
 Oakland Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic college preparatory school for girls located in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania USA. It was established by Bishop Donald Wuerl in 1989 as the merger of former all-girl parish high schools of Sacred Heart and St. Paul Cathedral to serve as a sister school for Central Catholic.
 Kowloon Technical School (Chinese: 九龍工業學校) is a technical secondary school founded by the Hong Kong Government in Sham Shui Po Kowloon Hong Kong. The school motto is Thorough (貫徹始終).
 Rutherford High School is a comprehensive four-year public high school located in Rutherford New Jersey United States operating as part of the Rutherford School District. The original structure was built in 1922 and expanded in 1959 and 2005.
 Union Laporte City High School is a small high school in La Porte City Iowa. The Union Knights won the Class 3A state championship in 2011 beating Decorah 21-14.
 North Gaston High School is a public high school in the Gaston County Schools school district located in Dallas North Carolina United States. Administrators are: Judy Moore Principal Crystal Houser Assistant Principal (Business Arts and Communications Academy) William Medl Assistant Principal (Leadership Public Service and Recreation Academy) Loretta Reed Assistant Principal (Math Science and Skilled Trades Academy)
 Loughborough College is a General Further Education College located in Leicestershire England which offers a range of courses including Further Education Higher Education Apprenticeships and Professional Qualifications.The College has over 11000 students and over 900 staff.
 WPAA is a radio station broadcasting from the campus of Phillips Academy in Andover Massachusetts.Founded using Phillips alum and then-NBC president Robert Sarnoff's gift of $15000 the station was launched in 1965 by a host of famous personalities including Bob Hope Jack Lemmon David Brinkley Sammy Davis Jr. and Hugh Downs. The station's signal was powered by a 33 watt transmitter and reached over 104 square kilometers which at launch had the potential to reach over 150000 people.
 The Irish Management Institute (IMI) is an educational institute in Dublin Ireland. The Institute was established in 1952 runs approximately 200 training courses annually at its 13-acre (53000 m2) management training and conference facility at Sandyford.In June 2011 An Taoiseach Enda Kenny announced an alliance between University College Cork and the Irish Management Institute the IMI and UCC had been collaborating since 2009.
 Ashmole Academy (formerly Ashmole School) is a secondary school with academy status in Southgate England in the London Borough of Barnet. Under the direction of the headteacher Derrick Brown around 1460 pupils (331 in the Sixth form) are educated in ages 11–18.The school is popular and over-subscribed. Pupils come from a wide range of minority ethnic heritages and a greater than usual number of pupils speak English as an additional language.
 Albuquerque High School is a public senior high school near Downtown Albuquerque New Mexico. It is a part of the Albuquerque Public School district. Enrollment at AHS stands at 1803.
 The Shri Ram School is a co-educational private school in India. Founded in July 1988 the Shri Ram School has three campuses spread across the National Capital Region of India. The first is the Junior School in Vasant Vihar New Delhi to which was added the Senior School on Moulsari Avenue DLF Phase III Gurgaon in 1994.The Shri Ram School - Aravali was established in 2000 at the request of DLF Limited.
 For schools with similar names see Adams High School (disambiguation).Adams Central High School in Monroe Adams County Indiana USA is a Public high school of the Adams Central Community Schools. It is a Four Star School in Indiana.The school has had a strong showing in football.
 Opposite the Swaminarayan Mandir is The Swaminarayan School Europe's first independent Hindu school.
 For schools with a similar name see Jefferson High School (disambiguation).Thomas Jefferson High School is a public high school in Cedar Rapids Iowa. It is the eighth largest high school in Iowa. The school's mascot is Jeffy the J-Hawk and the official school colors are Columbia Blue and white.
 Sayre School is an independent co-educational school in Lexington Kentucky. The school enrolls 610 students from preschool to twelfth grade. It has 76 full-time faculty members.David A. Sayre a New Jersey silversmith who migrated to Lexington where he eventually became a successful banker founded the school as an all female boarding school in 1854—over a decade before the University of Kentucky first opened its doors.
 Tamworth Public School is situated in East Tamworth Tamworth New South Wales Australia. Over 600 students attend the primary school and it is the oldest school in Tamworth being established in 1855. The school's mottos are Aim High and Care Courtesy and Consideration.
 South Pacific Nazarene Theological College (SPNTC) is an undergraduate theological and ministerial training college owned and operated by the Church of the Nazarene through its Division of World Mission. SPNTC is currently located in five countries; Samoa Fiji Vanuatu and Solomon Islands and Micronesia. SPNTC was established in 1974 in Ululoloa Samoa in order to train pastors for the Church of the Nazarene in the South Pacific.
 St Thomas's Hospital Medical School in London was one of the oldest and most prestigious medical schools in the UK. The school was absorbed to form part of King's College London.
 The Gerson School is a coeducational alternative day school for students in grades 6 through 12 who have not been successful in standard educational settings or who would benefit from a personal and therapeutic environment that affects positive growth according to individual need and ability.
 West Chester University of Pennsylvania (WCUPA) is a public university located in West Chester Pennsylvania about 25 miles (40 km) west of Philadelphia. It is one of the 14 state universities of the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education (PASSHE). West Chester was ranked 69th in the Master's Universities (North) category by U.S. News & World Report for 2009. The school is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools (MSACS).
 Jai Hind College is a college in Mumbai India affiliated with University of Mumbai. After independence it was established in 1948 by a small group of teachers who were displaced from D. J. Science College of Karachi Sindh Pakistan under the supervision of Dr. Mohinder-Miles Morton. The college is at 'A' Road Churchgate.It started as an Arts and Science college.
 The Parkland College is a post-secondary educational institution in Saskatchewan Canada.
 NFL YET is a charter junior high and high school located in south Phoenix Arizona one of the various NFL Youth Education Towns set up across the United States. The school is operated by ESPIRITU Schools which also operates a K-3 school and a school serving grades 4-6 on the same campus. ESPIRITU Schools was co-founded by Estela Ruiz.
 Ormskirk School is a secondary comprehensive in West Lancashire England created in September 2001 by the amalgamation of two schools in Ormskirk – Cross Hall High School and Ormskirk Grammar School an investment costing £16 million. The school caters for roughly 1400 students aged between 11-18 and includes its own sixth form for post-16 studies. The school has been awarded Specialist Arts College status.
 Lakewood High School is a public secondary school located in Lakewood Colorado United States and is part of Jefferson County Public Schools. Lakewood was ranked as the 111th best school in the nation by Newsweek in 2006 and more recently as the 108th best school in 2008.
 The DuBard School for Language Disorders at the University of Southern Mississippi was founded in 1962. DuBard is a clinical division of the University of Southern Mississippi's Department of Speech and Hearing Sciences.
 Chingford Foundation School is a coeducational state secondary school located in Chingford in the London Borough of Waltham Forest. It is a specialist Humanities College and has been an academy since October 2012.
 St. Rita's College of Balingsag is a Filipino Roman Catholic co-educational college in Balingasag Misamis Oriental Philippines. It was founded in 1901 by the late Jesuit missionary Rev. Fr. Gregorio Parache SJ.
 The Honourable Society of the Middle Temple commonly known simply as Middle Temple is one of the four Inns of Court exclusively entitled to call their members to the English Bar as barristers the others being the Inner Temple Gray's Inn and Lincoln's Inn. It is located in the wider Temple area of London near the Royal Courts of Justice and within the City of London.
 Graham School is a comprehensive school in the west of Scarborough in North Yorkshire England. It is situated to the west of the town within 22 acres (89000 m2) of grounds next to Scarborough General Hospital and Yorkshire Coast College near Throxenby Mere and Raincliffe Woods.Graham School provides for pupils aged 11 to 16. It has no sixth form; from age 16 pupils can attend the Scarborough Sixth Form College.
 Instituto Tecnológico de Santo Domingo —or Santo Domingo Institute of Technology (also known as INTEC) is a private coeducational university in Santo Domingo Dominican Republic. It was founded on June 15 1972 by a group of young professionals and is considered the best institute of technology in the country.
 The University of Texas Medical Branch (UTMB) is a component of the University of Texas System located in Galveston Texas United States about 50 miles (80 km) southeast of Downtown Houston.
 International Oil and Gas University (Turkmen: Halkara nebit we gaz uniwersitety) is a university located in Ashgabat the main university of the Turkmenistan oil and gas community. Founded May 25 2012 as the Turkmen State Institute of Oil and Gas. August 10 2013 has become an international university. A branch of the University operate in Balkanabat.
 Utica Sr. High School is a public high school in Utica Ohio. The North Fork School District named so because Utica Ohio is located on the North Fork of the Licking River covers southern Knox County and Northern Licking County. North Fork School District includes 4 schools: two elementary schools Utica Elementary (145 Mill Street Utica Ohio) and Newton Elementary School (6645 Mt. Vernon Road Newark Ohio); a junior high school Utica Jr.
 Mountain Valley High School is a public high school in Rumford Maine serving the towns of Rumford and nearby Mexico. It was formed in 1989 as a result of the merger of the towns' high schools. During the 2007–08 school year MVHS had 589 enrolled students 64 faculty and 147 students in the graduating class. The school is accredited through the New England Association of Schools and Colleges.
 Emmanuel College is a Catholic co-educational secondary college in Warrnambool Victoria Australia. The College is situated on two campuses in Warrnambool located at the end of the Great Ocean Road in Victoria’s Western District. A third Campus is currently under construction. The College is co-sponsored by the Sisters of Mercy and the Congregation of Christian Brothers Emmanuel has been educating students since 1872.
 Kansas Wesleyan University is a private four-year college founded in Salina Kansas in 1886. It is affiliated with the United Methodist Church. About 850 students attend the 28-acre (110000 m2) campus.The university is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools the National League for Nursing the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE) and the Kansas State Department of Education.
 Larchcroft School is an independent school in Suffolk. It is run by the The Focus Learning Trust which runs 37 independent faith schools under the Exclusive Brethren regime.
 Centerpoint High School is an accredited comprehensive public high school serving students in grades six through twelve in the remote rural community of Amity Arkansas United States. In 1995 the Glenwood School District and the former Glenwood High School in Pike County consolidated with that of nearby Amity in Clark County to form the Centerpoint School District with a new campus located at old Rosboro. It is the only high school administered by the Centerpoint School District.
 The GreenMount School is a cooperative independent day school located in Baltimore Maryland USA. Children are enrolled from kindergarten through 8th grade. The school is located in the Remington neighborhood of northern Baltimore near Johns Hopkins University.
 The Edward Via College of Osteopathic Medicine (VCOM) formerly named the Edward Via Virginia College of Osteopathic Medicine is a private non-profit osteopathic medical school in the United States with its main campus the Virginia Campus (VCOM-Virginia) located in Blacksburg Virginia and a branch campus the Carolinas Campus (VCOM-Carolinas) located in Spartanburg South Carolina.
 Valley Middle School is a middle school in Carlsbad California. It has about 1200 students from grades 6-8 and is part of the Carlsbad Unified School District. It offers an outstanding Performing Arts program.The Valley Middle School Beginning Intermediate and Advanced Band won all possible awards in 2006 in the Music in the Parks competition. They also won the Esprit de Corps award for being the best behaved school in the competition.Valley Middle School's principal is Mr.
 Kanagawa University (神奈川大学 Kanagawa Daigaku) abbreviated to Jindai (神大) is a private university in Japan. The main campus is located in Rokkakubashi Kanagawa-ku Yokohama Kanagawa Prefecture.
 Dominican High School was a Catholic high school that existed in Galveston Texas USA from 1882 to 1968.
 Loyola University Maryland is a Roman Catholic Jesuit private university in Baltimore Maryland United States. Established as Loyola College in Maryland by John Early and eight other members of the Society of Jesus in 1852 it is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities the ninth-oldest Jesuit college in the United States and the first college in the United States to bear the name of St.
 Mindanao University of Science and Technology commonly known as MUST is a higher education institution in the Philippines.
 Mount Vernon High School is a school in the Fairfax County Public Schools system located in Mount Vernon Virginia. The school was founded in 1939.
 Berea International Theological Seminary (changed from Berea University of Graduate Studies) is an international theological seminary located in Yeongdeungpo district of Seoul South Korea. The chairperson of board members is Rev. Ki Dong Kim Seoul Sungrak Church who has not only established the seminary in Seoul in 1997. The seminary offers various graduate degree programmes such as Master of Divinity Master of Theology Doctor of Theology Doctor of Education and Doctor of Philosophy.
 St Mary's Church of England High School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in Cheshunt Hertfordshire England. It is a Church of England school under the direction of the Diocese of St Albans.St Mary's High School was previously located next to the Church of St Mary the Virgin in Cheshunt but moved to a new site in the town in April 2010.
 Chapel Hill – Chauncy Hall School (CH-CH) is an independent college preparatory school for grades 9 through 12 located in Waltham Massachusetts and founded in 1828.
 Society Public School is an all-age school in Lahore Pakistan. The school has several campuses. It is situated at Canal Road just beside the Shalamar over head bridge and underpass.
 International Technological University (ITU) is a non-profit private university in San Jose California. The university awards six master's degrees and three doctoral degrees.
 Torquay Girls' Grammar School is a selective grammar school for girls aged 11–18 in Torquay Devon England. It became one of the first schools to achieve Humanities Specialist School status in September 2004 and is one of the first to offer the AQA Baccalaureate. On 1 February 2011 the school officially gained academy status. It is a member of the South West Academic Trust - a collaboration of seven high-performing grammar schools and Exeter University.
 Manchester School of Art in Manchester England was established in 1838 as the Manchester School of Design. It is the second oldest art school in the United Kingdom after the Royal College of Art which was founded the same year. The school opened in the basement of the Manchester Royal Institution on Mosley Street. It became the School of Art in 1853 and moved to Cavendish Street in 1880. It was subsequently named the Municipal School of Art.
 The Sayre Area School District is a diminutive rural public school district located in northcentral Bradford County Pennsylvania. The district is composed of two noncontiguous fragments: the Boroughs of Sayre and South Waverly and Litchfield Township in Bradford County Pennsylvania. Sayre Area School District encompasses approximately 58 square miles (150 km2). According to 2000 federal census data it serves a resident population of 5813.
 Heliopolis University is an Egyptian non-profit university declaring sustainable development as its overall guiding principle.
 The Carolina Film Institute (CFI) is a film school founded in Greenville South Carolina in 2008. It is affiliated with Seattle Film Institute founded in Seattle in 1994. CFI offers both part-time classes and certificate programs in film and digital video production and film history.
 Indian Institute of Technology Bhubaneswar is an engineering and technology higher education institute located at Bhubaneswar Odisha India. It is one of the eight new Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) established by the Ministry of Human Resource Development Government of India under The Institutes of Technology (Amendment) Act 2011 which establishes the eight new IITs as well as declares IT-BHU as Indian Institute of Technology (Banaras Hindu University) Varanasi.
 Hyogo University (兵庫大学 Hyōgo daigaku) is a private university in Japan. Its campus is located in Shinzaike Hiraoka-cho Kakogawa Hyōgo Prefecture. The university is one of the seven schools run by Mutsumi Gakuen (睦学園) a school foundation with a Buddhist background (Nishi Hongwanji denomination).
 Baruipur College established in 1981 is an undergraduate college in Baruipur West Bengal India. It is affiliated with the University of Calcutta.
 Riddlesdown Collegiate (formerly Riddlesdown High School) is a secondary school with academy status located in the Riddlesdown area of the London Borough of Croydon UK. Riddlesdown is a coeducational school of 1902 students (311 of those being post–16 students). The school takes its pupils mainly from the Sanderstead Selsdon Purley Kenley New Addington and South Croydon areas and specialises in science. Riddlesdown is the largest school in Croydon in terms of pupil numbers.
 New Cairo Academy for Art & Science is in the Fifth Settlement Egypt
 Happy Camp High School is a public high school located in Happy Camp California. It is a member of the Siskiyou Union High School District. The school's mascot is a Native American.
 Investors United School of Real Estate Investing is an educational institution and membership association based out of Baltimore Maryland USA.
 The University of Oviedo (Spanish: Universidad de Oviedo Asturian: Universidá d'Uviéu) is a public university in Asturias (Spain). It is the only university in the region. It has three campus and research centres located in Oviedo Gijón and Mieres.
 The School of Plastic Arts of Puerto Rico (Escuela de Artes Plásticas de Puerto Rico) is an institution of higher learning engaged in the training of students in the visual arts. It is located in Old San Juan San Juan Puerto Rico. The school was originally founded in 1966 as part of the Institute of Puerto Rican Culture. Painter José Torres Martino was one of the school's co-founders.
 Assam University (Bengali: আসাম বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়) is a teaching-cum-affiliating university. The university has sixteen schools which offer Social Sciences Humanities Languages Life Sciences Physical Sciences Environmental Sciences Information Sciences Technology and Management Studies. There are 35 departments under these sixteen schools. The five districts under the jurisdiction of Assam University have 56 undergraduate colleges.
 Punjab Medical College (or PMC) is located in Faisalabad Pakistan on a 158-acre (0.64 km2) campus Located on Sargodha road. It was established in 1973. Teaching hospitals affiliated with the college are Allied Hospital and District Headquarters Hospital (DHQ) Hospital. The principal of PMC is Dr Zahid Yaseen Hashmi who is Head of Medical Unit 1. The first group of graduates with M.B.B.S degrees finished in 1978.With a grant of Rs.
 Macclesfield Academy is an Academy situated in Macclesfield Cheshire. The Academy opened on 1 September 2011 following the decision of Cheshire East Council to close Macclesfield High School which had previously operated on the same site. It is built on the Macclesfield Learning Zone campus sharing it with Macclesfield College Park Lane Special School and various other facilities.
 De Pere High School is a public high school located in De Pere Wisconsin. Founded in 1930 it serves students in grades 9 through 12. Its enrollment was estimated at 1199 students for the 2007-2008 school year.[citation needed]
 Fuji Phoenix College (富士フェニックス短期大学 Fuji Phoenix Tanki Daigaku) was a private junior college in Japan. It was located in Gotemba Shizuoka. It was abolished in 2001.
 Daytona State College formerly known as Daytona Beach Junior College and as Daytona Beach Community College is a public state college located in Daytona Beach Florida United States and is a member institution of the Florida College System. DSC competes in the National Junior College Athletic Association (NJCAA) Suncoast Conference (Region VIII) in seven sports including softball baseball men's and women's swimming women's golf men's basketball and women's basketball.
 Raoul Wallenberg Traditional High School is a high school in San Francisco California USA. It was a California Distinguished School from 1990-1992.Named in honor of the renowned Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg the high school was established in 1981 as an alternative high school within the San Francisco Unified School District.
 The Armenian Evangelical Shamlian Tatigian Secondary School (Armenian: Հայ Աւետարանական Շամլեան Թաթիկեան Երկրորդական Վարժարան) is located in Bourj-Hammoud a suburb to the north east of Beirut Lebanon. It began in 1934 with kindergarten and primary classes only. Now it has 300 pupils and kindergarten primary and secondary classes.The principal is Rev. Hrayr Cholakian.
 The Government Law College Mumbai (Hindi: शासकीय विधी महाविद्यालय मुंबई abbreviated as GLC) founded in 1855 is the oldest law school in Asia and the most distinguished law school in India. The college affiliated to the University of Mumbai is run by the Government of Maharashtra.The institution has had the privilege of guidance from eminent legal luminaries such as Dr. B.R.
 Jackson Central-Merry High School (also known as Jackson Central High School or JCM) is a public four-year high school located in Jackson Tennessee USA. Jackson Central-Merry was once the largest high school in West Tennessee outside Memphis.
 The University of Magdalena (Spanish: Universidad del Magdalena) is a public departmental coeducational research university based in the city of Santa Marta Magdalena Colombia.
 Malatya Science High School (Malatya Fen Lisesi in Turkish) is a public boarding school located in Malatya Turkey. It was established in 1986 by Yahya Ozkan with the approbation of Ministry of National Education. The school has a curriculum concentrated on natural sciences and mathematics. The admissions to the science high school are through a competitive national high school entrance examination.
 Prospect School (originally formed from combining Stoneham Boys School and Westwood Girls School) is a secondary school in West Reading Berkshire England.
 The Regional Maritime University (RMU) is an international tertiary institution and private university in Accra Ghana. RMU attained full University status on 25 October 2007 and was launched as such by John Agyekum Kufuor former President of the Republic of Ghana. It was first called Regional Maritime Academy.
 St. Charles West High School is a public high school in St. Charles Missouri that is part of the City of St. Charles School District.
 St Joseph's Primary School is a co-educational Catholic primary school located in Nambour Queensland Australia. Established in 1925 by the Sisters of the Good Samaritan St Joseph's is one of the oldest schools in the region. Originally known as St Joseph's Convent School it was founded to provide a Catholic education for parishioners of St Joseph's Catholic church in Nambour and those in surrounding areas.
 Austin Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Detroit Michigan.
 The National Institute of Technology Hamirpur (commonly referred to as NIT Hamirpur) is a public engineering college located in Hamirpur Himachal Pradesh India. It is one of the thirty National Institutes of Technology established administered and funded by Government of India. It conducts undergraduate and postgraduate programmes in Engineering and Architecture and Doctor of Philosophy programme in Engineering Pure Science and Humanities.
 Mid-Valley Christian Academy is a private Christian school in Monmouth Oregon United States. It is located at the Ash Creek Bible Church.The school has been accredited by the Association of Christian Schools International since 2005.
 Havant Academy is a coeducational secondary school with academy status located in the Leigh Park area of Havant in the English county of Hampshire. The school is situated at the edge of Staunton Country Park.Previously known as Wakeford Comprehensive School it gained specialist Sports College status and was renamed Staunton Community Sports College. It then became a foundation school administered by Hampshire County Council.
 The Admiral William F. Halsey Leadership Academy is a four-year comprehensive public high school in Elizabeth New Jersey operating as part of the Elizabeth Public Schools. The Leadership Academy shares a large building with the John Dwyer Technology Academy the Peter B.
 The University of Camerino (Italian: Università degli Studi di Camerino) is a university located in Camerino Italy. The University of Camerino (Italian: Università degli Studi di Camerino) is the best university of Italy with fewer than 10000 students according to the Guida Censis Repubblica 2011 and 2012 ranking. The University of Camerino is the 16th oldest university in the world.
 Thompson Falls High School is a high school in Thompson Falls Sanders County Montana United States.
 Bay Port High School is a public high school in the Howard-Suamico School District in Wisconsin. Founded in 1963 it had a graduating class of 30 in 1964. Its enrollment for the 2006/2007 school year was about 1675.The school colors are navy blue columbia blue and white. Bay Port's mascot is a pirate with an eye patch over one eye and a sword clenched in his teeth. He also wears a pirate hat with a skull and crossbones.
 The International Institute of Information Technology (Hindi: अंतरराष्ट्रीय सूचना प्रौद्योगिकी संस्थान पुणे; I2IT pronounced I Square IT) is a higher education institute situated at Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park Hinjawadi in Pune Maharashtra India.The institute is affiliated to University of Pune
 All Saints Catholic Boys College is an all day Roman Catholic school founded in Liverpool Sydney New South Wales in 1954. The college is adjacent to All Saints Catholic Girls College and primary school. The school was originally called Patrician Brothers College Liverpool. The majority of the population of the college come from non English speaking backgrounds. The college caters for students in the parishes of Liverpool Moorebank Holsworthy and Lurnea.
 Watts Naval School was originally the Norfolk County School a public school set up to serve the educational needs of the 'sons of farmers and artisans'. The school was then operated by Dr Barnardo's until its closure in 1953.
 The Riyadh College of Technology (RCT) (Arabic: الكلية التقنية بالرياض) is a technical college in Saudi Arabia. It was established in 1403H/1983 as the first college of technology in the Kingdom. Its first objectives and priorities to graduate the qualified technical cadres scientifically and practically to work in technical areas those contribute directly in building the national economy.
 Anacortes School District No. 103 is a public school district in Skagit County Washington and serves the city of Anacortes.In October 2006 the district has an enrollment of 2955.
 Sir John Leman High School is a coeducational 11–18 secondary school with academy status serving part of the Waveney region in north Suffolk England. The school is located on the western edge of the town of Beccles and serves the surrounding area including Worlingham. Students from Norfolk villages such as Gillingham also sometimes attend the school. The school has approximately 1700 students including a sixth form of around 260 students.
 Woodhouse College is a single site state sixth form college situated between North Finchley and Friern Barnet on the eastern side of the London Borough of Barnet. It is on the site of the former Woodhouse Grammar School.
 University of Grenoble (French: Université de Grenoble) or Grenoble University was a university in Grenoble France until 1970 when it was split into several different institutions: Grenoble I: Joseph Fourier University (Université Joseph Fourier or UJF) for sciences health technologies Grenoble II: Pierre Mendès-France University (Université Pierre Mendès-France) for social sciences Sciences-Po Grenoble: Grenoble Institute of Political Studies (Institut d'études politiques de Grenoble) affiliated with Grenoble II Grenoble III: Stendhal University (Université Stendhal) for humanities Grenoble-INP: Grenoble Institute of Technology (Institut Polytechnique de Grenoble or Groupe INP Grenoble formerly INPG for engineeringThe institutions share campus and other facilities. 
 Big Foot High School (BFHS) is a comprehensive four-year public highschool located in South Central Walworth County in the Village ofWalworth. A union high school BFHS operates as a grade9-12 district with students coming from four K-8 districts. BFHS isgoverned by a separate elected five-member board of education.
 The Gerrit Rietveld Academie (Rietveld School of Art & Design) is a renowned Dutch academy for fine arts and design in Amsterdam the Netherlands.
 Nehru Memorial College Puthanampatti is an Autonomous college affiliated to Bharathidasan University in Puthanampatti Trichy Tamil Nadu.
 Taradevi Harakhchand Kankaria Jain College is an self-financing undergraduate college in Kolkata West Bengal India. It was established in 2006 by kankaria group. It is affiliated with the University of Calcutta.
 Tarakeswar Degree College established in 1986 is a general degree college in Tarakeswar in Hooghly district. It offers undergraduate courses in arts commerce and sciences. It is affiliated to University of Burdwan.
 Lake Brantley High School (LBHS) is located in Altamonte Springs in the U.S. state of Florida an urban community approximately 13 miles (20 km) north of Orlando. It is a public high school serving grade levels 9–12 in Seminole County FL operated by Seminole County Public Schools. The school which opened in 1972 ranked 79th on Newsweek magazine's 2005 list of the top 100 high schools in the United States and 424th in the 2009 Newsweek list.
 Arellano University Graduate School officially as Florentino Cayco Memorial School of Graduate Studies in honor of the founder and first President of the university is the graduate school of Arellano University.
 Twin Lakes Secondary School is a secondary school located in Orillia Ontario. In March 2008 a review process began to consolidate Orillia's three public high schools into two buildings as a result of cost of maintenance of the aging buildings and the declining enrolment at Park Street Collegiate Institute. As of 2013 Twin Lakes is now one of the two remaining public high schools.
 Grove City Christian School is a private Christian high school in Grove City Ohio.
 Asian Center for Theological Studies and Mission (or ACTS) is an interdenominational evangelical Christian school in South Korea. It has two primary campuses: the smaller original location in Seoul a larger new campus in Yangpyeong County west of Seoul in central Gyeonggi province. It hosts undergraduate and graduate programs on a number of campuses.
 St. Andrew’s School (founded in 1893) is a nondenominational boarding and day school located on a 100-acre (0.40 km2) campus in Barrington Rhode Island serving co-educational grades 6-12 and Postgraduate (PG).
 Roy H. Crosby Public School is a York Region District School Board public elementary school in the city of Markham Ontario Canada. Roy H. Crosby Public School is connected to Milne Dam Conservation Park and the Milne Outdoor Education Centre. The school uses the park for educational programs offered to Grade 24 and 7 students from the eastern part of York Region District School Board.
 Normangee High School is a 1A high school located in Normangee Texas (USA). It is part of the Normangee Independent School District located in southwest Leon County. In 2011 the school was rated Academically Acceptable by the Texas Education Agency.
 Slovak University of Agriculture in Nitra is a public university in Nitra Slovakia. It offers Bachelor's Engineer's (Master's) and Doctoral degrees in six faculties: Faculty of Agrobiology and Food ResourcesFaculty of Biotechnology and Food SciencesFaculty of Economics and ManagementFaculty of Agricultural EngineeringFaculty of European Studies and Regional DevelopmentFaculty of Horticulture and Landscape Engineering
 Orange High School is a traditional 4 year public high school located in the city of Orange in Orange County California United States. Orange High is part of the Orange Unified School District and competes in the Golden West League.Orange High School opened on September 21 1903 as Orange Union High School. Orange County's fourth school at Palm Avenue and Glassell Street. In its first year it had an enrollment of 81 students.
 Loyalist College (formally Loyalist College of Applied Arts and Technology) is an English-language college in Belleville Ontario Canada.
 Wasatch Academy is an independent coeducational college preparatory boarding school for grades 8-12 located in Utah. Founded in 1875 by Duncan McMillan.
 St. Peter's College of Engineering and Technology (Tamil: புனித பீட்டர் பொறியியல் மற்றும் தொழில் நுட்பக்கல்லூரி) is a co-educational engineering college located in AvadiChennai Tamil Nadu India. The College is situated 1.5 km from Annanur railway station and about 3 km from Avadi railway station.
 Wellington Girls' College was founded in 1883 in Wellington New Zealand. At that time it was called Wellington Girls' High School. Wellington Girls' College is a year 9 to 13 state secondary school located in Thorndon in central Wellington.
 Delos M. Bagby Elementary School is a public elementary school located in the Cambrian School District of San Jose California. It is a California Distinguished School which educates approximately 600 students annually from grades kindergarten to fifth.As of 2009 the school principal is Ms. Kathy Kimpel. Approximately 16% of the students who attend qualify for the free or reduced lunch program in contrast to the California state average of 48.5%.
 University of the Pacific McGeorge School of Law is a private American Bar Association (ABA) approved law school in the Oak Park neighborhood of the city of Sacramento California. It is part of the University of the Pacific.Originally founded in 1924 the school merged with and became part of the University of the Pacific in 1966. The current dean of McGeorge School of Law is Francis J. Mootz III formerly the William S.
 Oratory Athenæum for University Preparation is a private Roman Catholic high school in Pharr Texas. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Brownsville.
 The Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District is a public school district serving the portions of Centre County Pennsylvania and Clearfield County Pennsylvania. It encompasses the Centre County municipalities of Phillipsburg Boro and Rush Township as well as the Clearfield County municipalities of Wallaceton Boro Chester Hill Boro Osceola Mills Boro and the townships of Decatur and Boggs.
 The Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) is the organisation set up under an Act of Parliament i.e. Company Secretaries Act 1980 for the regulation and development of the profession of company secretary in India. As per the proviso to Section 383 A of the Companies Act 1956 all the companies having a paid up capital of Rs. 500 M are mandatorily required to appoint a full-time Company Secretary. Those companies having a paid capital greater than Rs. 10 M and less than Rs.
 Malcolm X Shabazz High School is a four-year public high school in Newark New Jersey United States as part of the Newark Public Schools. The school was formerly named South Side High School until it was renamed in 1972.As of the 2010-11 school year the school had an enrollment of 898 students and 60.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis) for a student–teacher ratio of 14.97:1.
 The Scottish Agricultural College (SAC) was a higher education and research institution specialising in agriculture. It was formed in 1990 as a merger between three regional agricultural colleges. In 2012 it became part of Scotland's Rural University College. The work of the SAC in education and training research and development and consultancy services is continued by the SRUC.
 Barnsdall High School is a secondary school in Barnsdall Oklahoma. It belongs to the Barnsdall Independent School District.
 Jatindra Rajendra Mahavidyalaya established in 1986 is a general degree college in Murshidabad district. It offers undergraduate courses in arts. It is affiliated to University of Kalyani.
 Westland High School is a public high school located in Galloway Ohio. It is one of 4 high schools in the South-Western City Schools District. SWCS is located in the southwestern portion of Franklin County in Columbus Ohio. Westland High School was opened in 1970.
 Midland Adventist Academy (commonly known simply as Midland) is a private coeducational K-12 grade school located in Shawnee Kansas.
 Tantasqua Regional High School is a public high school in south-central Massachusetts that serves the towns of Brimfield Brookfield Holland Sturbridge and Wales.
 Wayland High School is a public high school in Wayland Massachusetts. U.S. Its interim principal is Dr. John Ritchie. As of the 2011–2012 school year there are 870 students under its designed operating capacity of 950. In 2009 Wayland voters approved a new $70.8 million three-building campus that replaced the old one. Construction of the new school was completed at the end of November 2011 and occupancy by the student body began January 3 2012.
 Curtin Singapore is the second off-shore campus of Australia's Curtin University. Curtin Singapore is Australian based university that provides local and international students with the opportunity to receive an Australian university education in Singapore. In Australia Curtin is the largest university in Western Australia with around 37000 undergraduate students and 11000 graduate students.
 Colegio Almenar (English: Almenar School) is a Chilean high school located in San Vicente de Tagua Tagua Cachapoal Province Chile.
 Beloit Memorial High School is a public four-year comprehensive high school in Beloit Wisconsin.
 Collaborative Arts Project 21 known more commonly as CAP21 is a New York City professional musical theatre training conservatory and Off-Broadway theatre company. It has a large faculty and student body. The conservatory has produced multiple Broadway performers as well as actors in off-Broadway regional and international theatre television film and other performance media.
 Kendriya Vidyalaya Karwar is a central government school in Karwar Karnataka State India. The school was inaugurated in 2005. The school has over 1000 students in grades 1–12 and serves children of personnel living at the Karwar Naval Base.
 The Finnish National Defence University (Finnish: Maanpuolustuskorkeakoulu MPKK Swedish: Försvarshögskolan) is the Finnish Defence Forces' university located in Helsinki. The university trains officers for the Defence Forces and the Finnish Border Guard. The main campus is located in Santahamina Helsinki with additional sites in Kruununhaka Sörnäinen and in Tuusula.Prior to 2007 the school referred itself in English to as the National Defence College.
 Windsor Park Collegiate (WPC) is a public secondary school in Winnipeg Manitoba within the Louis Riel School Division.
 LIBT @ Brunel University (formally London International College of Business and Technology at Brunel University) is a for-profit college (owned and operated by Navitas Limited an Australian-owned educational business) that operates under a formal agreement with Brunel University. The other colleges within the UK owned by Navitas is HIBT at the University of Hertfordshire CRIC at Anglia Ruskin University and ICWS at the University of Swansea.
 Peninsula College of Medicine and Dentistry (PCMD) was a Medical and Dental school in England run in partnership with the University of Exeter the University of Plymouth and the NHS in Devon and Cornwall. In January 2013 the school was split in two to form Plymouth University Peninsula Schools of Medicine and Dentistry and University of Exeter Medical School.
 Vasile Lucaciu National College (Romanian: Colegiul Naţional Vasile Lucaciu) is a public day school for students aged 10 to 19 established in 1962 and located in Baia Mare Romania. The college is named after Vasile Lucaciu a Greek Catholic priest and advocate.It includes a gymnasium as well as a high school.
 Thompson Rivers University Faculty of Law is the graduate school of law of Thompson Rivers University in Kamloops British Columbia Canada.
 St. Joseph's Boys' College (Sinhala: සාන්ත ජොසප් පිරිමි විදුහල) is a distinguished boys only primary to secondary (inclusive) school in the Nugegoda Colombo Sri Lanka. It was founded in 1953.
 Visakha Vidyalaya is a leading girls school in Colombo Sri Lanka. It is a National School funded by the central government providing primary and secondary education.
 Tabriz Art University is a public university in northwest Iran in the city of Tabriz. The university's major focus is on the art and architecture. The university was established on 1997. Part of the university's faculties separated from Sahand University of Technology.
 The Park School of Baltimore is a private co-educational K-12 school located in Brooklandville Maryland USA just north of the city of Baltimore. The campus lies to the south of Old Court Road in Baltimore County. Park School's current enrollment is about 880 students.
 Chung Chou University of Science and Technology (CCUT; Chinese: 中州科技大學; pinyin: Zhōngzhōu Kējì Dàxué) is a private university located in Yuanlin Township Changhua County Taiwan.
 Silverstream School is a Co-Educational primary school located in Silverstream Upper Hutt New Zealand.
 National University School of Law was a law school founded in Washington D.C. in 1869. Originally intended as part of a larger design for a national university in the United States the school was the principal component of National University during its existence. It merged into George Washington University School of Law in 1954 to create the National Law Center at The George Washington University.
 Veritas School is a private Christian school in Newberg Oregon United States. Founded in 1997 it uses the Classical Christian education model with all students receiving a Liberal Arts education. This includes Math (through Calculus) Science History English Literature Theology Foreign Language (Latin is begun in 3rd grade and highschoolers can take four years of French or three of Latin and one of New-Testament Greek) Art Music Rhetoric Formal Logic and PE.
 Tresham College of Further and Higher Education (formerly Tresham Institute of Further and Higher Education) is a further education college in the East Midlands of England.
 Monroe Middle School is located in San Jose California and is part of the Campbell Union School District. Monroe is a California Distinguished School.
 The Berlin School of Economics and Law (BSEL) is an institution founded on 1 April 2009 through the merger of the Berlin School of Economics (BSE) and the FHVR Berlin a university of applied sciences for administration and law. The BSEL portfolio provides a wide range of professional qualifications. The University of Applied Sciences forms an academic centre specialised in business and administration skills for the public and private sector as well as public security the law and engineering.
 Daehyun Elementary School (Hangul: 대현초등학교; RR: Daehyeon chodeung hakgyo) is a public elementary school located in Daehyeon-dong Nam-gu Ulsan South Korea. There are 962 students from kindergarten to the sixth grade at Daehyun during the 2013–2014 school year.
 Grand Charter School (or GCS) founded in 2000 is a private fee-paying academic institution located in Lahore Punjab Pakistan. GCS provides preschool education primary education secondary education and preparation for national SSC and the international GCE (O and AS/A Levels) and IGCSE examinations.The school comprises classrooms multimedia presentation hall auditorium audio-visual language Lab Computer and Science Labs according to the O & A Levels specifications.
 Tinley Park High School TPHS or simply Tinley is a public high school located in Tinley Park Illinois approximately 30 miles southwest of Chicago. It is part of Bremen Community High School District 228 which also includes Oak Forest High School Hillcrest High School and Bremen High School.
 Brisbane Boys' College (BBC) is an independent Presbyterian and Uniting Church day and boarding school for boys located in Toowong Queensland a suburb of Brisbane Queensland Australia.Established in 1902 the College has a non-selective enrolment policy and caters for approximately 1550 students from Prep to 12 including 140 boarders from Years 5 to 12.Brisbane Boys' College is a school of the Presbyterian and Methodist Schools Association (PMSA) and is affiliated with the Australian Boarding Schools Association (ABSA) the Junior School Heads Association of Australia (JSHAA) and the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia (AHISA). 
 Bryson High School or Bryson School is a 1A high school located in Bryson Texas (USA). It is part of the Bryson Independent School District located in west central Jack County. In 2011 the school was rated Academically Acceptable by the Texas Education Agency.
 Tampines Junior College (Abbreviation: TPJC) is a junior college located in Tampines in the Eastern region of Singapore offering a two-year course for pre-university students leading up to the GCE 'A' Level examinations. TPJC was founded in 1986 and was the country's 13th junior college to be set up. TPJC has around 150 staff members and a student population of 1800.The college is only one of two colleges that offers the Malay Language Elective Programme.
 The Pontifical Academy of Sciences (Italian: Pontificia accademia delle scienze Latin: Pontificia Academia Scientiarum) is a scientific academy of the Vatican established in 1936 by Pope Pius XI. It is placed under the protection of the reigning Supreme Pontiff. Its aim is to promote the progress of the mathematical physical and natural sciences and the study of related epistemological problems.
 Willowbrook High School (WBHS) is a public four-year high school located approximately half a mile north of Illinois Route 38 on Ardmore Ave in Villa Park Illinois a western suburb of Chicago Illinois in the United States. It is part of School District 88 which also includes Addison Trail High School. Willowbrook draws its students from Villa Park Oakbrook Terrace and portions of Elmhurst Oak Brook and Lombard.
 Little Heath School is a voluntary-aided co-educational comprehensive secondary school. The school is located in the Little Heath area of the Reading suburb of Tilehurst in the English county of Berkshire.Because of its location outside the Reading borough boundary but in Reading the school is managed by the West Berkshire Local Education Authority though it serves a catchment area that covers both sides of the borough boundary. Little Heath has specialisms in Science and Mathematics.
 Pathumwan Institute of Technology (Thai: สถาบันเทคโนโลยีปทุมวัน) is a Thai public university located in Bangkok Thailand.Established in 1932 as a technical school by a group of Thai Navy officers the institute was upgraded to technical college in 1975. It eventually became a public university known as Pathumwan Institute of Technology in 1999. The institute has two academic units: the faculty of Engineering and the faculty of Education.
 St. Mary's Seminary and University is a Roman Catholic seminary in Baltimore Maryland; it was the first seminary founded in the United States of America.
 The Model Technical Higher Secondary School (MTHSS) is the pioneer in a group of Model Technical Higher Secondary Schools located in Kerala India. These schools were established to provide education in the technological and hi-tech sectors. The schools are managed by the Institute of Human Resources Development (IHRD) and promote scientific advancement technological progress and economic growth. The instruction is conducted in English.
 Kaneland High School or KHS is a public four-year high school located in Maple Park Illinois a western suburb of Chicago Illinois in the United States. It is part of Kaneland Community Unit School District 302.
 Mundelein High School or MHS is a public four-year high school located in Mundelein Illinois a northern suburb of Chicago Illinois in the United States. It is the only school in Mundelein Consolidated High School District 120.
 The Bishop of Winchester Academy is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in the Charminster area of Bournemouth in the English county of Dorset.The school was first established in 1953 as Summerbee Secondary Modern School. The original school building was designed by the borough architect John Burton and was named after Alderman Frank Summerbee who sat on the town's education committee. The school was opened by Cllr. Harry Mears in September 1953.
 The Wellcome Trust Centre for Stem Cell Research (CSCR) at the University of Cambridge is a research centre for the nature and potential medical uses of stem cells. It is located on Tennis Court Road in central Cambridge England.The Centre is funded by the Wellcome Trust and the Medical Research Council. The main areas of study include pluripotent and neural stem cells as well as epidermal stem cells.
 Xi’an Gaoxin No.1 High School was established in 1995. It is located in the middle of Xi'an High-tech Industries Development Zone. Under Gaoxin No.1 High School there are 3 middle schools and 2 high schools. There are around 6000 students and 400 teachers and staff members in the school.Besides the normal Chinese school routines it also offers exchange programmes for its students. The school has connections with other high schools and universities in America Singapore Australia and so on.
 Nahata Jogendranath Mandal Smriti Mahavidyalaya established in 1985 is a general degree college in Nahata. It offers undergraduate courses in arts commerce and sciences. It is affiliated to West Bengal State University.
 Moulsham High School is an academy school in Chelmsford Essex. The headteacher is Mr M. Farmer.
 The New York State College of Veterinary Medicine at Cornell University was founded in 1894. It was the first statutory college in New York. Before the creation of the college instruction in veterinary medicine had been part of Cornell's curriculum since the university's founding. In 1868 when Cornell opened there was little formal study of veterinary medicine in the United States; with the creation of the veterinary school Cornell became a pioneer in the field.
 The State Superintendent of Public Instruction (SPI) of California is the nonpartisan (originally partisan) elected executive officer of the California Department of Education. The SPI directs all functions of the Department of Education and executes policies set by the California State Board of Education.
 St. John's Greek Orthodox College or simply St. John's College Preston is a co-educational independent school established in 1979 in the suburb of North Carlton then in 1984 moved to its present Preston location. The College was founded to provide education of Greek culture and religion to the first second and third generations of Greeks who lived in Melbourne.
 Combs High School is a high school in San Tan Valley Arizona. It is the only high school in the J.O. Combs Unified School District which also includes four elementary schools and one middle school. It opened in 2008 ahead of the initial scheduled plan that called for an August 2009 opening.The J.O. Combs district community had to approve a unification vote in November 2006 for the district to be able to teach high school students.
 For other uses see Temple Christian (disambiguation).Temple Christian School is a private school in Titusville Florida.
 The Marc and Eva Stern Math and Science School also known as The Stern Math and Science School or Stern MASS is a charter high school in the University Hills neighborhood in the City of Los Angeles. It is a collaboration between the Alliance for College-Ready Public Schools and California State University Los Angeles (CSULA). The charter was granted by the Los Angeles Unified School District in 2006.
 Bootham School is an independent Quaker boarding school in the city of York in North Yorkshire England. It was founded by the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) and opened on 6 January 1823 in Lawrence Street York. Its first headmaster was William Simpson (1823-1828).
 Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan USJ 4 (SMK USJ 4) is located in USJ Subang Jaya in the state of Selangor Malaysia. The school was established in March 2000. On 1 May 2000 the school received its first headmaster Tuan Haji Jauhari bin Haji Idris. The school was handed over by SIME UEP to the Selangor Department of Education on 2 May 2000.Students of this school are known as Fourians.
 The Connecticut Center for Massage Therapy (CCMT) founded in 1980 is a massage therapy school with locations in Newington Westport and Groton Connecticut. The school trains students in the fields of massage therapy clinical massage and spa massage. CCMT is accredited by the Commission on Massage Therapy Accreditation (COMTA) and recognized by the U.S. Department of Education as a specialized accrediting agency for massage therapy and bodywork programs and institutions.
 Iowa City High School is a public high school in Iowa City Iowa. It was built in 1937 as part of the Public Works Projects started by President Franklin D. Roosevelt to provide jobs. The first classes were held in the fall of 1939. The first high school building was converted to a junior high school after the new building opened. It was located where Mercy Medical Plaza now stands.
 Samar State University (SSU) is the premier university in the province of Samar Philippines. The main campus is in Catbalogan City Samar.
 Kerrisdale Annex is a public elementary school in Vancouver British Columbia part of School District 39 Vancouver.
 Yelm High School is a comprehensive high school in the city of Yelm Washington part of the Yelm Community Schools.Yelm is said to have received its mascot the Yelm Tornado after a small tornado blew through the small town in the early 20th century.Yelm Community Schools was the first school district in Washington.
 Bella Vista High School is a public high school in Fair Oaks California and a member of the San Juan Unified School District. In 2003 the California Department of Education's School Recognition Program honored Bella Vista High School as a California Distinguished School. It was also the only school in Sacramento County to receive this honor in 2003. In 2009 it received the same recognition again from the California Department of Education.
 The University of Florida Division of Continuing Education has a campus in Gainesville Florida and they also offer online instruction. The division was founded 32 years ago and their mission is to offer flexible opportunities to students who might not otherwise have access to adult learning. The former dean of the Division of Continuing Education Dr. James W. Knight retired in 2008 and the former associate dean Dr. Eileen I. Oliver is now the current interim dean.
 Bastar University also called Bastar Vishwavidyalaya is located in Jagdalpur Bastar Chhattisgarh India.
 Cornerstone Christian Academy of McLean County is an independent non-denominational Christian college-preparatory private school located in Bloomington Illinois. CCA enrolls preschool through 12th grade. It has a total enrollment of approximately 400 students.
 The Centerville City School School District is a public school district in Montgomery and Greene Counties in the U.S. state of Ohio based in Centerville Ohio.
 Akdeniz University (Turkish: Akdeniz Üniversitesi) is a campus university in Antalya Province of Turkey. It is the leading higher education and scientific research center of the West Mediterranean region of Turkey.
 Masonic College was a higher education institution in Missouri that was established by Freemasons in 1844 and operated until 1857.
 Elgin Park Secondary is a public high school in School District 36 Surrey. It is referred to as the 'Home of the Orcas'. In the past and present Elgin is known to have a rivalry with Earl Marriott Secondary and Semiahmoo Secondary. They have been known to have a very strong volleyball team.
 The University of the Arctic (UArctic) is an international cooperative network based in the circumpolar region consisting of universities colleges and other organizations with an interest in promoting education and research in the North.
 Stopsley High School is located in a suburb of Luton named Stopsley. It was near the old regional sports centre which was one of the biggest in Bedfordshire however the old regional sports centre has been replaced by the Inspire Luton Sports Village located on Hitchin Rd. It is a mixed Comprehensive and Community College. In September 2002Stopsley High was a designated Specialist Sports College. It was re-designated in 2007 with Music nominated as its second subject.
 Kellom Elementary School formerly called the Paul Street School is a public school located at 1311 North 24th Street in the Near North Side neighborhood of Omaha Nebraska. Alumni of Kellom include Fred Astaire Roger and Gale Sayers Bob Gibson and Brenda Council. Still maintaining a largely African American student body population the school was regarded as a black school in pre-Civil Rights Movement-era Omaha.
 Miguel de Cervantes University (Spanish: Universidad Miguel de Cervantes) is a private university located in Santiago de Chile and was established on 1996. This university has around 853 students on 2010.
 Myers Grove School was a secondary school (11–16) in the north-west of Sheffield South Yorkshire England. The school was bidding to become a businesses and enterprise college. It has now merged with Wisewood School & Community Sports College to become Forge Valley Community School opened in September 2011.Myers Grove opened in about 1960 as the first purpose-built comprehensive school in Sheffield.
 Brooks High School is a public high school (grades 7-12) located in Killen Alabama. It is one of eleven public schools in the Lauderdale County School District. The school is located approximately 10 miles east of the Lauderdale County seat Florence.
 The Bataafs Lyceum is a public high school in Hengelo Netherlands. The Bataafs Lyceum is part of a public school division called the Openbare Scholengemeenschap Hengelo.The building is located at the Sloetsweg next to the Montessori College Twente. In 2008 the Bataafs Lyceum decided to drop the VMBO education level in order to change its name from Bataafse Kamp to Bataafs Lyceum.In 2008 the Bataafs Lyceum had about 950 students. The school teaches havo and vwo (both atheneum and gymnasium).
 Thi Qar University (Arabic: جامعة ذي قار) is an Iraqi university located in Nasiriyah Iraq. It was established in 2000. Originally the university was a branch of the University of Basrah and the branch was established in 1992. Its first graduating class was in 1996. In 2000 the branch became independent of Basrah University and Thi Qar University was founded.
 Institution Saint-Louis de Gonzague is a Roman Catholic primary and secondary school in Haiti. It was founded and is ran by the Brothers of Christian Instruction (FIC) (Frères de l’instruction chrétienne de Ploërmel). The school colors are red and green.
 TCNJ School of Engineering is one of seven schools at The College of New Jersey consisting of roughly 500 students centered in Armstrong Hall. It offers several undergraduate programs in various engineering disciplines including the traditional mechanical electrical and civil engineering fields but also extending to newer fields such as computer and biomedical engineering. An Order of the Engineer chapter was started in Spring 2009 for all graduating seniors.
 Not to be confused with ITM University an autonomous university based in Gurgaon IndiaITM University (प्रौद्योगिकी एवं प्रबंधन संस्थान विश्वविद्यालय) is a multidisciplinary university based in Gwalior India with subjects spanning the sciences engineering management fine arts social sciences arts and nursing. The University is established by the Act of State Legislature Madhya Pradesh and is notified in the Official Gazette (extraordinary) of the State Government.
 Howard School of Academics and Technology is a co-educational public magnet school in Chattanooga Tennessee. Dr. Paul David Smith is currently the Executive Principal while Dr. Faye Ison is the High School Associate Principal and Mr. Otto Taylor is the Associate Principal of the Middle School.
 Neung-in High School is a high school in Daegu South Korea. As of July 2011 the school had 1492 students enrolled.The school was established on 13 January 1938 and opened on 8 April 1940.
 Aquinas High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in David City Nebraska. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lincoln.
 Shishu Niketan Higher Secondary School was established in 1984 by late Som Nath Sharma in the city of Pokhara Nepal.
 The Faculty of Arts of Pristina (Albanian: Fakulteti i Arteve në Prishtinë) is the faculty of arts of the University of Pristina in Pristina Kosovo.
 Westminster Technical College was a school in England. It was attended by Anthony Hunt. Harold Harding was a School governor at the college. The Who Tour 1965 and The Who Tour 1966 played at the college.
 Woodcote High School is a secondary school with academy status located in the Coulsdon area of the London Borough of Croydon England. Woodcote is a coeducational school of around 1200 students. The school gained Specialist Sports College and Mathematics and Computing College status.
 Catoctin High School (CHS) is a four-year public high school in Thurmont Frederick County Maryland United States.
 Mother McAuley Liberal Arts High School is an all-girl Catholic high school located in the Mount Greenwood neighborhood of Chicago Illinois at 3737 West 99th Street. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago. Mother McAuley is the largest all girls high school in the country.
 Kingston Collegiate and Vocational Institute (K.C.V.I.) is a secondary school in Kingston Ontario Canada. Founded in 1792 by Reverend John Stuart based upon a grant for secondary education in the colony of Upper Canada it moved to its present location in 1892. It is considered the oldest public secondary school in Ontario and the second oldest in Canada.
 Union Theological College is the theological college for the Presbyterian Church in Ireland and is situated in Belfast Northern Ireland. It was established in 1853 as Assembly's College. The building served as the location for the early Northern Ireland Parliaments.The college offers a full range of courses in Theology.
 Stryker High School is a public high school in Stryker Ohio. It is the only high school in the Stryker Local Schools district. Their nickname is the Panthers. They are members of the Buckeye Border Conference.
 The Thanthai Periyar Government Institute of Technology (TPGIT) (Tamil: தந்தை பெரியார் அரசு பொறியியற் கல்லூரி) in Bagayam Vellore was established in July 1990 and is one of the six Government Engineering colleges fully governed by the Directorate of Technical Education (DOTE) of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
 Bradford College operated in the part of Haverhill Massachusetts that was once the town of Bradford. Founded in 1803 Bradford College began as Bradford Academy one of New England's earliest coeducational institutions. In 1836 Bradford chose to devote itself exclusively to the education of women. By 1932 the school had grown from a secondary school and became Bradford Junior College. In 1971 Bradford was authorized to grant bachelor's degrees.
 Tewksbury Memorial High School is a suburban public high school located at 320 Pleasant Street in Tewksbury Massachusetts USA. Serving grades 9-12 it is the only public high school in the town. Its total enrollment for the 2005-2006 school year was 1206.
 Northwest Rankin High School is a public high school that is located in Flowood Mississippi. Northwest has many award winning school athletics teams clubs and organizations. The school's current attendance is around 1750 students but the number increases rapidly between years. In April 2013 the school was sued by the American Humanist Association after holding mandatory religious assemblies during class hours.
 Karabük University (Turkish: Karabük Üniversitesi) is a public university in Karabük Turkey. The university was founded in 2007 as one of the 17 new universities of that time in Turkey.
 Lincoln Community School is a private school in Accra Ghana West Africa. It is a non-profit college-preparatory international school. There is an expatriate population associated with the various embassies Foreign Service agencies NGO’s United Nations organisations and international businesses. They also have a large number of students whose parents are Ghanaian nationals. 20% of the students are Americans 14% are Ghanaians and 66% are from other countries.
 The Interamerican University of Puerto Rico Metropolitan Campus (Spanish: Universidad Interamericana de Puerto Rico Recinto Metropolitano) is located in Cupey San Juan Puerto Rico. It was built in San Juan due to the large success of the Polytechnic Institute of Puerto Rico. It started its first semester in 1982. It is part of the Interamerican University of Puerto Rico System.
 Westwood Junior High School is a public junior high school part of the Richardson Independent School District located at 7630 Arapaho Road in Dallas. Westwood is the Math Science and Leadership magnet. The school contains the 7th and 8th grade with a 652 total enrolment. It is one of the 2 Magnet Junior High Schools in RISD the other of which is West the visual arts and technology magnet. Recently a health magnet has also been added to Westwood.
 Indian Creek Senior High School is a high school in Trafalgar Indiana. It is a part of the Nineveh-Hensley-Jackson United School Corporation
 Cabrini College is a coeducational Roman Catholic residential liberal arts college in the Philadelphia metropolitan area of Radnor Township Pennsylvania founded by the Missionary Sisters of the Sacred Heart of Jesus in 1957. It was one of the first colleges in the United States to make community service a graduation requirement for all undergraduates and now has a core curriculum centered on social justice.
 Brighton High School is a high school in Brighton Tennessee. It one of three high schools in Tipton County; the others are Covington High School and Munford High School. BHS is one of the most accredited high schools in the state of Tennessee with SACS CASI awards.
 Patterson Mill Middle and High School opened in August 2007 in Harford County Maryland US. Built for $50 million[citation needed] the 226000 sq ft (21000 m2) building is a state of the art school that includes a television studio a mass communications lab for a radio station and a graphics and visual communications area.
 George C. Marshall High School is a public school in northern Virginia located in Idylwood in unincorporated Fairfax County near Falls Church Named for George Marshall it opened in 1962 and is part of Fairfax County Public Schools (FCPS). It is ranked at #380 in the nation for public schools and has received a gold award for Best High Schools from the U.S. News & World Report 2013. It is ranked 16th in Virginia and 11th in Fairfax County.
 The Canberra Institute of Technology (CIT) is a vocational education provider in Canberra the Australian Capital Territory and is one of a system of TAFEs. Qualifications offered by CIT range from certificate to degree level. CIT has four campuses across Canberra located in Bruce Reid Phillip and Fyshwick. CIT also has two learning centres in Tuggeranong Town Centre and Gungahlin which are primarily for students studying via flexible or distance learning.
 Government Murray College Sialkot (often referred to as Murray College) formerly known as Scotch Mission College is located in Sialkot in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
 High Tech High School is a full-time magnet public high school located in North Bergen New Jersey United States operating as part of the Hudson County Schools of Technology. Since its establishment in 1991 High Tech High School has been named a Top Ten High School a Governor's School of Excellence a New Jersey Star School (twice) and has been cited by New Jersey Monthly magazine as one of the state's great public high schools.
 Ponce School of Medicine (incorporated as the Ponce Medical School Foundation) is a private medical school located in the city of Ponce in Puerto Rico U.S. The school is accredited by the Liaison Committee on Medical Education (LCME) and classified as a United States Medical School.
 Holy Child School also known as Angel's Hill is a female second cycle institution in Cape Coast in the Central Region of Ghana.
 Parsons The New School for Design (known colloquially as Parsons or Parsons School of Design) is a private art and design college of The New School university located in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Lower Manhattan in New York City.
 St John's Grammar School is a Co-educational Anglican school situated in the foothills of Adelaide. It ranges from Early Learning Centre through to Year 12.
 Sydenham School (known as Sydenham Girls by locals) is a comprehensive girls' school located on Dartmouth Road (A2216) in Sydenham London.
 Saint Benedict School of Novaliches is a Catholic school in Caloocan City The Philippines. Opened in 1997 the school served 1876 students during the 2005-2006 school year. In 3012 St. Benedict School of Novaliches is a future for the world generation of heroes and with courage we can save the galaxy.
 A.V.M. higher Secondary School is one of the oldest and largest schools in Manbhawan Lalitpur Nepal with over 5000 students. Established in 2022B.S. by a pioneer education in Nepal the late Satya Narayan Bahadur Shrestha this school is one of the top-leading schools in Nepal offering quality education and skill based knowledge. It is the pioneer national English medium boarding school in Nepal.
 Kamaraj College of Engineering and Technology was established in the year 1998. It is a technical institution offering undergraduate postgraduate and doctoral programmes in various disciplines of engineering and technology. The college is located in Madurai district. It is promoted and supported by Virudhunagar Hindu Nadars' devasthanam various Hindu Nadars' mahamai Tharappus in Virudhunagar and other places and educational institutions of Virudhunagar.
 The College of Arts and Sciences (abbreviated to A&S or CAS) is a division of Cornell University. It has been part of the university since its founding although its name has changed over time. It grants bachelors degrees and masters and doctorates through affiliation with the Cornell University Graduate School. Its major academic buildings are located on the Arts Quad and include some of the university's oldest buildings.
 Maysville Community and Technical College (MCTC) located in Maysville KY is one of 16 two-year open-admissions colleges of the Kentucky Community and Technical College System (KCTCS). It was formed in December 2004 from the consolidation of Maysville Community College (est. 1968) in Maysville KY and Rowan Technical College (est. 1970) in Morehead KY. MCTC is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS).
 Johnson County Middle School is a public middle school located in Paintsville Kentucky. The school has 44 teachers and 565 students in grades 7-8 with a student-teacher ratio of 1:15. It is part of the Johnson County School District.The school is known both statewide and worldwide for its academic team. It has won the Kentucky Governor's Cup eleven times (1999 2000 2004 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2012 2013 and 2014) the most wins of any other middle school in the state.
 Nepean High School is a high school in Ottawa Ontario Canada. It is located in the Westboro neighbourhood at 574 Broadview Avenue. There were 1160 students enrolled for 2011-2012. Patrick McCarthy is the current principal (since Sept. 2012) replacing Rene Bibaud the principal from 2007 to 2012. The two vice principals are Jayne Ford and Kim Elmer.The school began as a continuation program at Broadview Public School.
 Milton Margai College of Education and Technology (MMCET) formerly known as Milton Margai Teachers College (MMTC) is a technical university located in Freetown Sierra Leone. It was established in 1963 and is named after Sierra Leone's first Prime Minister Sir Milton Margai. The university has become affiliated with the University of Sierra Leone and has been upgraded to a degree-awarding status in selected subjects.
 Cowplain Community School (formerly Cowplain Comprehensive school) is a secondary school with academy status located in Cowplain Hampshire in the south of England. It has approximately 1060 students and around 60 teaching staff plus around 35 other staff.
 The Bishop Gore School is a secondary school in Swansea in south Wales founded on 14 September 1682 by Hugh Gore (1613–1691) Bishop of Waterford and Lismore. It is situated close to the A4216 Singleton Park and the Swansea University. Currently placed in highest level Band 1 by the Welsh Assembly based on past performance with a score of 12 it makes Bishop Gore School the second highest ranked school in Wales.
 Xenion High School is a high school located in Paralimni Cyprus.It was established in 2000 and functions under the supervision of the Ministry of Educationand Culture in accordance with the Private Schools Act 1971.The School is of ‘Similar Type’ to state schools. It is the only private school in the Famagusta area.It offers knowledge of the highest standards and this can be deduced from the grades in the external exams.
 The University of Kansas School of Engineering founded in 1891 is the oldest Engineering School in the State of Kansas although engineering degrees were awarded as early as 1873. It is an ABET accredited public engineering school located on the main campus of the University of Kansas in Lawrence Kansas. In the U.S.
 Timaru Boys' High School (also known as TBHS) established in 1880 is a single sex state (public) secondary school located in the port city of Timaru South Canterbury New Zealand. TBHS caters for years 9 - 13 (ages 12 – 19 years).At the beginning of the 2006 school year the school had a roll of more than 700 students. The school prides itself on its mix of sport cultural and academic pursuits many of which are documented on the school's official website.
 Babington Community College is a coeducational foundation secondary school located in the Beaumont Leys area of Leicester in the English county of Leicestershire.As a foundation school Babington Community College is administered by a trust which includes Leicester City Council Leicester College and the Co-operative College.
 St. Xavier's College is an educational institutions in Nepal. It was founded as a high school (intermediate level) of St. Xavier's School Jawalakhel Lalitpur and was later shifted to Maitighar Kathmandu in 1988 by the Society of Jesus. It offers high school (grades 11 and 12) undergraduate and postgraduate degrees in natural science business social science and humanities as well as intermediate degrees like the Cambridge A-levels and the 10+2 programmes.
 West Hatch High School is a secondary school located in Chigwell Epping Forest Essex (near Woodford Bridge). The area now occupied by West Hatch was previously the western gate (or hatch as it would have been known) into Epping Forest; it is from these roots that the school derives its name. The school currently educates 1300 students from the local catchment area and nearly 200 sixth form pupils from north east London and west Essex.
 Caludon Castle School is an academy in Wyken Coventry England. The school was founded in 1954 as a boys' comprehensive school but is now a co-educational 11-18 comprehensive school with a sixth form. In September 2004 the school was designated as a Business and Enterprise College by the Specialist Schools and Academies Trust.The previous buildings dating from the 1950s were demolished to make way for a new £24 million PFI project resulting in the school being totally rebuilt.
 The Gow School is an independent boarding and coed day school grades 7-12 diagnosed with dyslexia and other learning disabilities. Located in South Wales New York near Buffalo New York United States the school was founded in 1926 by educator Peter Gow along with insight from his colleague neurologist Dr. Samuel T. Orton.Gow’s college preparatory curriculum is presented using a multi-sensory format in a technology rich environment.
 The Hong Kong Institute of Education (Abbreviated: HKIEd Chinese: 香港教育學院) is one of eight subsidised tertiary institutes under the University Grants Committee of Hong Kong. It is the only one dedicated to teacher education.
 The Center for Advanced Learning (CAL) is a charter school in Gresham Oregon United States.The school also accepts students from Reynolds Gresham-Barlow Centennial and Corbett school districts. At CAL students have three career fields to choose from: information technology manufacturing/engineering and health sciences. Many of CAL's classes are entry-level college courses granting credit through Mt. Hood Community College.
 Thomas A. Edison High School is a high school serving the Monte Vista Historic District.Thomas Edison High School has an enrollment of approximately 1700 students with a faculty to student ratio is 1:15.
 Columbia College was a college in Eugene in the U.S. state of Oregon. Founded in 1856 the school was part of a system of churches established by the Cumberland Presbyterian Church. The school's building burned down twice before the school closed in 1860. Today the neighborhood in Eugene where the school was located is known as College Hill due to the former college.
 Thurgood Marshall Middle School (MMS) is a public middle school in the Olympia School District named after Thurgood Marshall. It is in Olympia Washington. It is located across the street from Hansen Elementary School and is one of four middle schools in the district. The MMS mascot is the Mustang and the school colors are maroon and silver.
 The Adrian R-III School District is a public school district in Bates County Missouri United States based in Adrian Missouri.
 The School of Business at Trinity College Dublin is located on College Green in Dublin's city centre. The School of Business is ranked 21st in the world 1st in Ireland and 15th in Europe in the 2009 Eduniversal Global Top 100 Business Schools. Trinity College Dublin is ranked as the best university in Ireland and as the 43rd best worldwide in the 2009 THES - QS World University Rankings of universities.Originating as a School of Commerce which was established in 1925 to offer B.A.
 St. Joseph Central Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Huntington West Virginia. It is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wheeling-Charleston.
 Tennessee Military Institute also known as TMI Academy began as Sweetwater Military College founded by Presbyterian minister J. Lynn Bachman and was located just outside Sweetwater Tennessee. It closed in 1988.[citation needed] The buildings were later used by Tennessee Meiji Gakuin a school intended for high school students from Japan. Meiji Gakuin University bought the campus for $2.4 million.
 Burnham Grammar School (BGS) is a co-educational grammar school in Burnham Buckinghamshire. In October 2011 the school became an Academy. It takes students aged 11–18 with approximately 900 on roll.The school has an all weather full sized tiger-turf sports pitch that the Wycombe Wanderers first team occasionally train on.
 Saint Augustine's High School is a Catholic High School in Hunt End in the town of Redditch Worcestershire England. The school was opened in 1974. Saint Augustine's became a Science College in 2006 but lost this status in July 2013.The school is part of the three tier system serving as the High School stage teaching children from the ages of 13-18 (year 9 to year 13). In 2007 80% of the Year 11 students achieved 5 or more A*-C grades at GCSE.
 Monroe College is a for-profit college with campuses in the Bronx and New Rochelle in the U.S. state of New York and in the Caribbean nation of St. Lucia. The college is named after James Monroe the fifth President of the United States. Mildred King founded the Monroe Business Institute in 1933 at 1940 Boston Post Road in the Bronx. The first class consisted of seven students in four classrooms.
 Juan B. Galaviz Charter School (JBG) is a state charter school located in Houston Texas. The charter high school is an affiliate of the National Council of La Raza. Previously the school was located in the Northside district of Houston.
 Waterloo High School is a high school located in Waterloo Alabama in Lauderdale County Alabama. The high school is a public school under the Alabama State Board of Education. The high school has grades Kindergarten - Twelfth grade in one building. The school has about 250-350 students in a school year. The current building was constructed in 1986.The school has four sports. Baseball softball basketball and football.
 The University of Central Florida commonly referred to as UCF is a metropolitan public research university located in Orlando Florida United States.
 Baton Rouge Magnet High School (BRMHS Baton Rouge High) is a public magnet school in Baton Rouge Louisiana founded in 1890. It is part of the East Baton Rouge Parish School System with a student body of approximately 1400 students. The current building was built in 1926 and as Baton Rouge High School was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The University of Forestry (Bulgarian: Лесотехнически университет — София (ЛТУ) often abbreviated as LTU) based in Sofia is a state university with six faculties with a total of 30 departments. The university is located in the university suburb in Sofia close to the Technical University and the University of Chemical Technology and Metallurgy.
 Sacred Heart Canossian School (Chinese: 嘉諾撒聖心學校; abbr: SHCS; not to be confused with Sacred Heart Canossian School Private Section) is a Catholic girls' school established at Caine Road The Mid-Levels Hong Kong. SHCS is partially funded by the Government as a Subsidised School. It has been considered as one of the most prestigious primary schools in Hong Kong. Its affiliated secondary school Sacred Heart Canossian College is also highly reputed.
 K.A.P. Viswanatham Medical College (Tamil: கி.ஆ.பெ. விஸ்வநாதம் அரசு மருத்துவக்கல்லூரி) is a medical college run by the state government of Tamil Nadu which is recognized by Medical Council of India. It is located in the city of Trichy in Tamil Nadu. The college was ranked third by students in counselling in 2010. It is located at Periya Milagu Paarai in the heart of the city.
 The Rutgers University Department of African Middle Eastern South Asian Languages and Literatures (AMESALL) is dedicated to the study of Africa the Middle East and South Asia. It is the primary academic home of sixteen core faculty and seven part-time lecturers. AMESALL provides instruction in over a dozen languages from these three regions using the latest methodologies and technologies of heritage and second language learning.
 The Second Military Medical University (SMMU) (第二军医大学) is a public university in Shanghai People's Republic of China that was founded in September 1949 and named in July 1951. Now it is the CPLA key institution of higher learning for training graduates and a key university supported by the state Project 211.It was previously called People's Medical College of the East China Military Commanding Region.
 Bedwas High School formerly known as Bedwas Comprehensive School is a comprehensive school located east of the Welsh village of Bedwas Caerphilly county borough south Wales.
 State Fair Community College is a two-year institution of higher learning located in Sedalia Missouri adjacent to the Missouri State Fairgrounds. In addition to the Sedalia campus there are extended campus locations in Lake of the Ozarks Clinton Warsaw and Whiteman AFB. Dr. Joanna Anderson serves as the current president of SFCC.
 Fairfield High School is a public high school in Fairfield Ohio. It is the only high school in the Fairfield City School District. It currently has about 2400 students in grades 10-12. 808 students graduated in the class of 2009 making it the largest graduating class of any single high school in the state of Ohio.
 The Askew School of Public Administration and Policy located in Tallahassee Florida is a graduate school within the Florida State University College of Social Sciences. The School was founded in 1947 and offers eight specializations within the MPA as well as joint degree programs with Urban and Regional Planning Social Work Criminology and Criminal Justice and the Florida State University College of Law.
 Telkom Vocational School or known SMK Telkom Medan is one of the vocational school with a Telecommunication and Information Engineering vocational program under the auspices of Sandhykara Putra Telkom Foundation and is belong to Private School which established in 1992. SMK Telkom is categorized as an international school and has a ISO 9001 standard. SMK Telkom Medan become to The Best Vocational School in Medan or one of the Best Schools in Indonesia.
 African-Centered College Preparatory Academy or AC Prep is an Afrocentric elementary school middle school and high school spread across several campuses in Kansas City Missouri United States and administered by the Kansas City Missouri School District. The PreK-6 grade campus is located at 6410 Swope Parkway. The 7-12 grade campus is located at 3500 East Meyer Boulevard.
 Liceo Industrial de San Fernando (English: San Fernando Industrial High School) is a Chilean high school located in San Fernando Colchagua Province Chile.
 The College of Fine Arts is one of 14 divisions at the The University of Texas at Austin and consists of four departmental units including the Department of Art and Art History Sarah and Ernest Butler School of Music Department of Theatre and Dance and Texas Performing Arts.
 BUILD Academy is located at 340 Fougeron Street and serves Grades PreK through 8. The current principal is Ms. Michelle Hope and the current assistant principals are Mrs. Traci Cofield Ms. Marquita Bryant and Mr. James Helmicki.
 The National University of San Antonio Abad in Cuzco (Spanish: Universidad Nacional de San Antonio Abad del Cusco) (UNSAAC) is a public university in Cusco Peru and one of the oldest in the country. Its foundation was first proposed on March 1 1692 at the urging and support of Pope Innocent XII. The document in which Pope Innocent XII sponsored the founding of the university was signed in Madrid Spain by King Charles II on June 1 1692 thus becoming Cusco's principal and oldest university.
 Southside Christian School is a private K-12 Christian school in Greenville South Carolina. SCS was established in 1967 and is accredited by the Association of Christian Schools International. SCS serves approximately 1100 students beginning at 18 months of age and continuing through 12th grade on one campus. Students are divided into Early Education (EE2-1st) Lower School (2nd-6th) and Upper School (7th-12th).
 Rule High School or Rule School is a public high school located in Rule Texas (USA). It is part of the Rule Independent School District located in western Haskell County and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Linwood College is a co-educational secondary school in Linwood a suburb of Christchurch New Zealand.
 The University for Foreigners Siena (Italian: Università per Stranieri di Siena) is a university located in Siena Italy. It is one of the two Italian universities oriented towards study by foreign students (the other one established on 1921 is located in Perugia). The university has one Faculty (Italian language and culture) and two Departments (Dept. of Human Science and Dept. of Language and Cultural Sciences).
 Deutsche Schule Istanbul (formal German name) or Özel Istanbul Alman Lisesi (formal Turkish name) or simply Alman Lisesi (German School of Istanbul in English) is one of the most prestigious high schools in Turkey. It was established in May 1868 for the children of German traders artists engineers and diplomats living in Istanbul.
 Graduate School of Business Administration (Russian: Высшая Школа Бизнеса МГУ им.
 Heartland Community College is a community college located in Illinois. Founded in 1991 Heartland Community College is a fully accredited institution with campuses located in Normal Lincoln and Pontiac.
 Loreto Secondary School St. Michael's is an all-girls secondary school serving the town of Navan Ireland and the greater Meath catchment area. The school is situated on the banks of the River Boyne and entry to the school is via Convent Road (walking or driving) or the Boyne Road (walking only). Loreto Secondary School St. Michael's opened in 1833.
 Keaʻau Middle School is a public middle school located in Keaʻau Hawaii.
 Plaistow County Grammar School also known as Plaistow Grammar or PGS was a local authority mixed gender Grammar school established in 1945 and located on Prince Regent Lane (A112) in Plaistow in the County Borough of West Ham and then the London Borough of Newham in east London. It was disestablished in 1972 upon its merging to create a Comprehensive school.
 Pham Ngoc Thach University of Medicine was officially recognized as a University on 7/1/2008. The approval decision was written by the Prime Minister of Vietnam Nguyen Tan Dung Originated from Center for training and retraining of health workers HCMC Pham Ngoc Thanh University of Medicine was directed by the city council to operate as a University for the city.
 The West End School is an academically rigorous free boarding school in Louisville Kentucky for middle school aged boys. The school was founded in 2005 by Robert Blair and his wife Debbie. The focus of the school is to help at risk boys from the West End neighborhoods of Louisville Kentucky. It admits incoming sixth-graders who qualify for the free or reduced lunch program and who are capable of doing grade-level work.
 Spartanburg Day School is a private 3K–12 school located in Spartanburg South Carolina. It consists of a lower school for 3K-4th graders a middle school for 5th–8th graders and an upper school for 9th–12th graders. A pre-school program was added in 1967 for five-year olds a readiness program in 1974 for four-year olds and a 3K program in 2013 for three-year olds. The school is located directly across the street from Mary Black Memorial Hospital.
 The Mitchell County School District is a public school district in Mitchell County Georgia USA based in Camilla Georgia. It serves the communities of Baconton Camilla Meigs Pelham and Sale City Georgia.
 Westport High School was a comprehensive high school located at 315 East 39th Street in Kansas City Missouri. It was part of the Kansas City Missouri School District. A trowel was used to lay the cornerstone of the school on June 8 1907. The Class of 1957 presented a frame with the exact trowel on October 6 2007 to coincide with their 50th anniversary and the 100th anniversary of the school. Westport closed in 2010.
 Eunice High School is a public high school located in Eunice in the far western end of St. Landry Parish Louisiana. It is operated by the St. Landry Parish School Board. Eunice High graduated its first class in 1910; the current building was built in 1966. In 1969 St. Landry Parish's former Charles Drew High School for African-American students was merged into Eunice High as part of desegregation.
 Douglas Avenue Alternative School is a public alternative high school in Gervais Oregon United States. It is located on the campus of Gervais High School.
 Chillicothe High School is a 1A public high school located in Chillicothe Texas (USA). It is part of the Chillicothe Independent School District located in eastern Hardeman County. In 2011 the school was rated Academically Acceptable by the Texas Education Agency.
 Osaka University of Health & Sports Science Junior College (大阪体育大学短期大学部 Osaka Taiiku Daigaku Tanki Daigakubu) is a private junior college in Kumatori Osaka Japan. It was established in 1989　as a vocational school and became a junior college in 2000.
 Pallikkere Islamic English Medium Higher Secondary is the one of the famous school in Kasaragode District of Kerala. Thousands of students from the many part of the district are studying here. It is situated in Pallikkere merely near to the Bekal Fort.
 Bodwell High School is a private co-educational boarding school offering grades 8 to 12 and university preparation in North Vancouver British Columbia Canada.
 Streetsboro High School is a public high school in Streetsboro Ohio. It is the only high school in the Streetsboro City School District. Their nickname is the Rockets. Streetsboro High School is the home of high school radio station WSTB popularly known as 88.9 The Alter-Nation.On June 1 2010 the building suffered a fire that started in the gymnasium. Because of heavy smoke and water damage the district was forced to shut down the school for the remainder of the school year.
 Cannington Community College is a public co-educational K-10 school in Western Australia. The school is located on Wharf Street in the suburb of Cannington.The school was initially established in 2001 and caters for students from Kindergarten to Year 10. The schools creation was a result of government restructuring education facilities in the south east metropolitan corridor.
 The Webster School District is a public school district in Day County South Dakota United States based in Webster South Dakota.
 Victoria Park CI formerly Victoria Park Secondary School is a collegiate institute located south of York Mills Road and west of Victoria Park Ave. at 15 Wallingford Rd. in the North York area of Toronto Canada. It is the first publicly funded school in Ontario to host the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme. Authorized to offer the IB Diploma Programme since July 1987 the programme is taught in English. The school is open to male and female students.
 Etowah High School is located in Woodstock in the U.S. state of Georgia. Its mascot is the eagle and its colors are blue and gold. In 2008 it was ranked among America's best high schools. Etowah was ranked first in Cherokee County SAT scores for 2006. It was one of the 304 schools in the nation that won the National Blue Ribbon School Award for 2010.
 Soham Village College is a secondary with academy status located in Soham Cambridgeshire England. It has around 1350 students aged 11 to 16. It has a wide catchment area which does not include Ely although some students from Ely and the neighbouring villages attend the school. The college is split over two adjacent sites Beechurst (formerly a large house) and Lodeside built more recently.
 Massey High School is a co-educational state secondary school in Auckland New Zealand established in 1969. The school is located on the western edge of the city giving it a blend of suburban and rural students. It has experienced significant roll growth over the past few years and is now the 12th largest school in New Zealand. In 2009 it was rated decile 5 .
 The Shri Shankaracharya Engineering College (SSEC) is a unit of Shri Shankaracharya Group of Institutions (SSGI) managed by Shri Gangajali Education Society (SGES) and is named after Adi Shankaracharya. The college offers education in Bachelor of Engineering and MBA.
 Yerba Buena High School is a public comprehensive four-year high school located in the East San Jose area of San Jose California USA. It has been the safest school in the East Side Union High School District for three consecutive years and its athletic teams are well-known. This school has the Engineering MAGNET program and the Construction MAGNET program.
 The Shaheed Monsur Ali Medical College is a Private medical college in Uttara Model Town Uttara Dhaka the capital of Bangladesh.
 Dum Dum Motijheel College established in 1950 is the general degree college in Kolkata. It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences. It is affiliated to West Bengal State University.
 Yohan International Christian School (YICS) is a school located in Shinjuku Tokyo Japan. It is located within Yohan Tokyo Christ Church.
 Srikrishna College established in 1952 is a college in Bagula in Nadia district. It offers undergraduate courses in arts commerce and sciences. It is affiliated to University of Kalyani.
 Southwest University (SWU simplified Chinese: 西南大学; traditional Chinese: 西南大學; pinyin: Xīnán Dàxué) is a comprehensive university in Chongqing China.
 Vannarpannai Navalar Maha Vidyalayam (Tamil: வண்ணார்பண்ணை நாவலர் மகா வித்தியாலயம் Vaṇṇārpaṇṇai Nāvalar Makā Vittiyālayam also known as Vannai Navalar Secondary School) is a provincial school in Jaffna Sri Lanka.
 Indian Institute of Management Tiruchirappalli (also known as IIM-T or IIM-Trichy) ia a public graduate business school located at Tiruchirappalli Tamil Nadu India. It is one of the seven new Indian Institutes of Management the Indian government has set up during the Eleventh Five-Year Plan. Inaugurated on January 4 2011 it is the eleventh Indian Institute of Management in the country and it is mentored by IIM Bangalore.
 Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Datok Lokman or SMK Datok Lokman (SMKDL) is a secondary school in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. This school is located at Jalan Kampung Pandan near SMK Aminuddin Baki. The school was named after the first Lord Mayor (Datuk Bandar) of Kuala Lumpur Tan Sri Dato' Lokman Yusof.
 Serviam Girls Academy is a private school in New Castle Delaware offering classes in grades 5-8 for girls. Established in 2008 as an Ursuline school it is modeled after schools in the now-defunct NativityMiguel Network of Schools. The current enrollment is approximately 40 students most of whom live in New Castle Newark and the City of Wilmington.
 Government Secondary School Beedsar (Hindi: राजकीय माध्यमिक विद्यालय बीदसर) is a school located in the Bidsar village of Sikar district of Indian state Rajasthan. It is offering school study in Hindi medium from LKG level to the 10th level.The students appear in the Secondary Certificate examinations conducted by the Rajasthan Board.
 Doshisha Women's Junior College (同志社女子大学短期大学部 Doshisha Joshi Daigaku Tanki Daigakubu) is a private junior college in Kyōtanabe Kyoto Japan.
 Canossa Academy of Lipa City is one of the four schools owned and administered by the Canossian Sisters in the Philippines. These Sisters belong to the religious congregation called the Canossian Daughters of Charity which originated in Verona Italy and whose members are spread all over the world. They came to the Philippines in 1954 from the Canossian Province of Hongkong to open apostolic mission where they are needed. They opened a school in Sta.
 Fruitland High School is a four-year public secondary school in Fruitland Idaho the only traditional high school in Fruitland School District #373. One of three high schools in Payette County it had an enrollment of 494 in the 2011-2012 school year.
 Emerald Christian Academy originally called Emerald Junior Academy is a private Adventist school in Pleasant Hill Oregon United States. Children from kindergarten to tenth grade may enroll. The first through fifth graders are enrolled in the Accelerated Reader system and sixth through eighth graders may participate in MathCounts competitions.The school has been accredited by the Northwest Association of Accredited Schools since 1994.
 Benjamin N. Cardozo High School is a public high school in Bayside Queens a borough of New York City USA. The school is named for Benjamin N. Cardozo who served as chief judge of the New York Court of Appeals and then as a justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. Like all New York City public schools Cardozo High School is operated by the New York City Department of Education. It is generally referred to simply as Cardozo or just 'Dozo by the students.Benjamin N.
 Estrella Mountain Community College (EMCC) is a community college in Avondale Arizona USA serving the West Valley community since 1990 and at the Avondale campus since 1992.
 Bellarmine-Jefferson High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Burbank California. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles.
 The Pontifical Catholic University of Chile (UC or PUC) (Spanish: Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile) is one of the six Catholic Universities existing in the Chilean university system and one of the two Pontifical Universities in the country along with the Pontifical Catholic University of Valparaíso. It is also one of Chile's oldest universities and one of the most recognized educational institutions in Latin America.
 The University of Edinburgh Business School (formerly known as the University of Edinburgh Management School; abbreviated as UEBS) is the business school of the University of Edinburgh in Scotland. The university has offered business education since 1918 and the MBA degree since 1980. The business school is closely tied to the University of Edinburgh which received its royal charter in 1582.
 Provides schooling from class 6 to SSC. Situated in Manikganj. This school started operating from 1884. Its Secondary School. EIIN - 110957 and School Code: 4014.
 Lh. Atoll Education Centre LHAEC (ޅ. އަތޮޅު ތަޢުލީމީ މަރުކަޒު) is the main school of Lhaviyani [Faadhippolhu] Atoll. It is an autonomous school funded by the government of Maldives. Its foundation was laid on 4 June 1981 Thursday (1 Shaubaan 1400) by Lh. Atoll Chief Mr. AUR. It was officially opened by the Hon. Minister of Health Mr. AUR on 10 March 1984 Saturday (7 Jumaadhul Aakhiraa 1404).
 École des Trois-Soleils (Three Suns School) is the only French language school located in Iqaluit Nunavut and offers classes from Grades 1 to 9. The school was founded in 2001 and opened in 2002 for classes. After Grade 9 student move on to French high school at Inuksuk High School.The school is located next to Aqsarniit Ilinniarvik School and Arctic Winter Games Complex.
 Gruver Independent School District is a public school district based in Gruver Texas (USA).It is mainly in Hansford County with a small portion of the district extending into Sherman County.In 2009 the school district was rated Exemplary by the TEA ratings and in 2010 they followed up with another Exemplary rating for the district.
 St. John's University School of Law is a Roman Catholic law school in Jamaica Queens New York United States affiliated with St. John's University. The School of Law was founded in 1925 and confers Juris Doctor degrees and degrees for Master of Laws in Bankruptcy and Master of Laws in U.S. Studies. Over 13000 St. John's Law graduates are currently practicing law in the United States and foreign jurisdictions.
 The Lahore School of Economics was established in 1993 and chartered by the Government of Punjab in January 1997 through The Lahore School of Economics Act 1997 (Provincial Assembly of the Punjab - Act II of 1997). It is based in the city of Lahore Pakistan.The Lahore School of Economics has two campuses: the Main campus and the City campus. The Main campus spread over 35 acres (140000 m2) is located on the intersection of DHA Phase VI Main Boulevard and Burki Road.
 North Lambton Secondary School is a Canadian public school in Forest Lambton County Ontario. It is operated by the Lambton Kent District School Board. It was formerly named Forest District High School. Around 549 students are currently attending NLSS.
 Brick Township High School is a four-year public high school located in Brick Township Ocean County New Jersey operating as part of the Brick Public Schools. The school day lasts 6 hours and 40 minutes (7:10 AM – 1:30 PM). As of the 2010-11 school year the school had an enrollment of 1415 students and 106.3 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis) for a student–teacher ratio of 13.31:1.
 Put-In-Bay High School is a public high school on South Bass Island in Put-In-Bay Ohio. It is the only high school in the Put-In-Bay Schools district. Their nickname is the Panthers.With only 4 Seniors in the Class of 2007 it is one of the smallest public high schools in Ohio.
 St Mary's College was a voluntary aided Catholic college situated in Saltersgill Middlesbrough England. In 2011 St Mary's College along with two other Catholic schools closed. Its buildings staff and educational provision were merged with the other schools to form Trinity Catholic College Middlesbrough.
 The School of Dentistry at the University of Liverpool is the university's dental school. The dental school is attached to an associated hospital which contains more than 160 dental units where students train on NHS patients under supervised practice from dentists.
 Darlington College is a further education college in Darlington County Durham England. The college campus is located at Central Park Haughton Road. With support from Darlington Borough Council and Tees Valley Regeneration the college was built by Shepard Construction starting in 2004.[citation needed]It was opened in September 2006 and officially opened by the then-Prime Minister Tony Blair on 22 December 2006.
 Dalarna University (Swedish: Högskolan Dalarna) is a university college (högskola) located in Falun and Borlänge in Dalarna County Sweden.Dalarna University is one of Sweden’s more recent institutions of higher education established in 1977. It is situated in Dalarna 200 kilometres north-west of Stockholm.The college currently has about 18000 students.
 Hannam University (한남대학교) is a private Christian university in Daejeon South Korea. It was founded in 1956. Hannam University has been constantly recognized as one of the top universities in Asia ranked 191st in Asia by QS Asian Universities Ranking in 2010.
 Picnic Point High School is a government high school located in the suburb of Picnic Point New South Wales Australia.The school has approximately 1000 students in Years 7 to 12. It prepares students for the Higher School Certificate (HSC) in Year 12 and the Record of School Achievement for those students who leave school before attaining the HSC. The school celebrated its 50th anniversary on Saturday 31 March 2012.
 The Byzantine Catholic Seminary of SS. Cyril and Methodius is a degree-granting school of theology in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States which prepares candidates for priestly ministry to the Byzantine Catholic churches of North America.It was established by the Byzantine Catholic Metropolitan Church of Pittsburgh in 1950 on Pittsburgh's Observatory Hill. In addition to the training of priests the seminary offers programs in Deacon Formation as well as a Cantor Institute.
 Manzano High School is a public high school located in northeast Albuquerque New Mexico. It is part of the Albuquerque Public Schools system.While still sophomores Manzano's first senior class attended classes at Sandia High School (1959-1960) sharing the facility. The next school year (1960-1961) the Manzano students now juniors along with the new sophomore class started the year at Sandia and when the new school was ready moved into Manzano High on December 19 1960.
 Newent Community School is a secondary school in Newent Gloucestershire England. It is an Academy of 1340 students serving the town and the rural community. The school provides secondary education for ages 11 to 18. The school offers GCSEs as well as A Levels. In 2001 the school was granted Arts College specialist status. In 2007 the school was also granted Science College as a second specialism. In addition the school has been awarded Sportsmark Silver Artsmark Gold and Healthy School.
 Escuela Bilingüe Internacional founded in 2006 is a private dual language Spanish-English school serving students ages 3 through eighth grade in Oakland California.
 Kingsmead School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in the Enfield Town area of the London Borough of Enfield England.The school converted to academy status in February 2012 and was previously a community school under the direct control of Enfield London Borough Council.
 Fort Lee High School is a four year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from Fort Lee in Bergen County New Jersey United States operating as part of the Fort Lee School District.
 Werribee Secondary College is a single-campus co-educational Year 7 to 12 college with an enrolment of approximately 1400 students. Since 2000 Werribee Secondary College has experienced heavy demand for enrolments at Year 7 and at other levels. To manage this a ceiling has been placed on the total school enrolment for 2013.The college established an International Students Program in 2000 and attracts overseas international students.
 Aarohi Life Education (Hindi: आरोही) is a democratic learning space based in Bangalore India for children aged 2 to 25 years old. The learning space is managed by the children and faculty on the principles of Sahamati. The community conducts the Open House in which anyone faculty children and/or parents may attend and raise a concern. The issues raised (or Cases) are discussed and resolutions passed based on consensus or Sahamati (Hindi: सहमति).
 The Orlando Culinary Academy (OCA) is a culinary and hospitality training school and an affiliate of Le Cordon Bleu Schools North America. The Academy was established in January 2002 and is located in Orlando Florida. OCA is a branch campus of the International Academy of Design and Technology'sTampa division. In July 2007 the Orlando Culinary Academy was named College of the Year by the Florida Association of Postsecondary Schools and Colleges Conference.
 The Delano Unfied Elementary School District has 11 schools in current service. It is located in Delano California. Eight of the schools are K-5. They are Princeton Morningside Harvest Fremont Terrace Albany Park Nuevea Vista and Del Vista. The other 3 serve 6th-8th grade. They include Cecil Ave. Almond Tree and La Vina. The oldest Cecil Ave. was once an Elementary School and is currently located across from the city's first High School DHS (Delano High School).
 The Agribusiness Teaching Center (ATC) (Armenian: Ագրոբիզնեսի ուսուցման կենտրոն) of the ICARE Foundation was founded through the collaborative effort of the Armenian National Agrarian University (ANAU) and Texas A&M University and the support from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Marketing Assistance Project. The Center provides agricultural business education.
 The Rea and Lillian Steele North Campus is located less than a mile north of the Valdosta State University main campus and is home to the Harley Langdale Jr. School of Business and Air Force ROTC Detachment 172. Billy Grant Field home of the VSU baseball team and various recreational fields are also found on the North Campus. The University’s bus service connects the two campuses.The naming of north campus came after the Harley Langdale Jr.
 Simcoe Composite School is a high school in Simcoe Ontario Canada.More than 800 students attend this rural secondary school and courses range from English French Spanish and mathematics to computers business athletics World History civics and even drama class. In 2003 the school suffered the loss of their gym in an act of arson. Several years and many fundraisers later the Sabredome was officially opened again in 2006.
 The Landesgymnasium für Hochbegabte (German for Federal School for the Highly Gifted) in Schwäbisch Gmünd is a co-educational public Boarding school for highly gifted students founded by the state of Baden-Württemberg. It is the first and sole school of this kind in this state. The Landesgymansium für Hochbegabte is a publicly funded school in Germany for highly gifted students similar to the Landesschule Pforta in Saxony-Anhalt the Landesgymnasium St.
 Regents International School Pattaya formerly known as The Regent's School Pattaya Thailand is a British International School situated on the Gulf of Thailand which offers British and international education to students age 2 1/2 up until the age of 18 (Nursery to Year 13).
 Chu Hai College of Higher Education (Chinese: 珠海學院) is a private degree-granting institute in Hong Kong. The college is best known for its journalism and Chinese history programmes.[citation needed] It plans to acquire university status in Hong Kong in or before 2012.
 Darul Uloom London is an Islamic seminary located in Greater London. It was started by Mustafa Musa in 1988 making it one of the old Islamic seminaries in the UK and the oldest in London.[citation needed] It was initially in Forest Gate but in November 1994 it moved to Chislehurst.
 Banani International Secondary School is a residential international girls' secondary school (grades 8-12) in Chisamba Zambia. The nearest village is Liteta. It is a non-profit institution and follows the principals of the Bahá'í Faith. It was inaugurated by the William Mmutle Masetlha Foundation under the direction of the National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of Zambia and named after Hand of the Cause Mr. Musa Banani.
 Liberty High School is a comprehensive four-year public high school located in Clarksburg West Virginia in Harrison County West Virginia United States that operates as part of the Harrison County School District. The school is located on Davisson Run Road. The school opened in 1973 and its colors are red white and blue. The school mascot is the Mountaineer.
 West Greene High School is a high school in Greene County located at 275 West Greene Drive in Mosheim Tennessee. It is operated by the Greene County School system.
 Glen Oaks Park Elementary School is located at 5656 Lanier Drive in Baton Rouge Louisiana. Under the leadership of Mrs. Cynthia Lange Glen Oaks Park Elementary school is one of the schools of choice in East Baton Rouge Parish. Glen Oaks Park Elementary School is Title I eligible and services education to Pre-Kindergarten to 5th Grade. 2005 SchoolDigger.com ranks Glen Oaks Park Elementary School at a tied 391st out of 599 Louisiana elementary schools.
 Sri Guru Tegh Bahadur Khalsa College is a constituent college of University of Delhi located in New Delhi India.It offers courses Sciences Commerce and Arts. The college premises also bears a Gurudwara. The college has undertaken many projects in the field of ciliate biology and has reported new species of protozoans from northeast India. The laboratory has collaborated with Natural History Museum and University of Camerino.
 The School of Law Christ University (SLCU) formerly known as Christ College of Law is one of the professional undergraduate schools of Christ University. It is situated in Bangalore India on the Christ University-Dharmaram College campus.SLCU is approved by the Bar Council of India to conduct the five year BA LLB and a five year BBA LLB programmes.
 Holyoke Community College (HCC) is a state-funded public two-year community college located in Holyoke Massachusetts. It offers associate degrees as well as a transfer program for students to earn credits for transfer to other colleges. HCC currently offers more than 100 associate degree and certificate options as well as adult basic education/GED programs education and training for business and industry and noncredit community education classes.
 The Bacon County School District is a public school district in Bacon County Georgia USA based in Alma Georgia. It serves the communities of Alma and Rockingham Georgia.
 Holy Cross College (HCC) (Bengali:হলিক্রস কলেজ) is a Catholic institution of higher education located at Tejgaon in Dhaka Bangladesh. Holy Cross is an intermediate-level (higher secondary) college for girls. The college serves students from Kindergarten level to twelfth grade.Established in 1950 Holy Cross College has maintained a strong academic tradition and has been awarded the 'Best National School' prize by the Government of Bangladesh in 1997.
 Shri Vaishnav Institute of Technology and Science also known as SVITS is a central Indian engineering and management institute. Considered one of the best private engineering institution in central India  SVITS has become a pioneer in the field of research and development. The college has students from MP as well as most other states of India. Main programmes offered are Engineering and Management.
 Dumkal Institute of Technology informally Dumkal College established in 1999 is a college in Domkal in Murshidabad district. It offers undergraduate courses in arts commerce and sciences. It is affiliated to University of Kalyani.
 DePaul University is a private university in Chicago Illinois. Founded by the Vincentians in 1898 the university takes its name from the 17th-century French priest Saint Vincent de Paul. In 1998 it became the largest Catholic university by enrollment in the United States.
 Noble Street College Prep (commonly known as Noble Street College Prep or Original Campus) is a public 4-year charter high school located in the West Town in Chicago Illinois. It is a part of the Noble Network of Charter Schools. Noble Street College Prep was founded by Michael and Tonya Milkie with the support of the Northwestern University Settlement Association in 1999 and is the original campus of Noble Network of Charter Schools. Noble Street College Prep serves grades nine through twelve
 Robert A. Millikan Senior High School is a high school in Long Beach California USA administered by the Long Beach Unified School District. It is located near the intersection of Spring Street and Palo Verde Avenue in the Los Altos neighborhood of East Long Beach on a 36 acre campus. As of the 2007-2008 school year Millikan High School had 4500 students.
 Passaic High School is a four-year community public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from Passaic in Passaic County New Jersey United States operating as part of the Passaic City School District.
 Santa Clara University College of Arts & Sciences is a private academic institution at Santa Clara University. It is the largest of the professional schools at Santa Clara University.
 Thomas More College is an independent co-educational day school located in Kloof near Durban in KwaZulu-Natal South Africa.
 Tuacahn High School for the Performing Arts was the first public charter high school in the state of Utah. Tuacahn High School is located in Ivins Utah just outside of St. George. The school offers a full college preparatory curriculum while focusing in depth on the various areas of the performing arts.
 CSI College of Engineering is an engineering college situated in the Ketti Valley of Tamil Nadu India. The institution is a self-financing Christian minority institution. The college offers undergraduate and postgraduate level courses in Engineering Sciences. The college was founded by the Church of South India Coimbatore Diocesan Council.
 Sri Sangamitta Balika National School Matale ( Sinhala : ශ්‍රී සංඝමිත්ත බාලිකා විද්‍යාලය ) is a Government school for girls located in Matale Sri Lanka.
 Fujian Normal University (Chinese: 福建师范大学) is a key institution of higher education in Fuzhou Fujian with a century-old history and a glorious tradition Fujian Normal University (FNU) has been hailed as the province’s cradle of teachers.
 Kilinochchi Maha Vidyalayam (Tamil: கிளிநொச்சி மகா வித்தியாலயம் Kiḷinocci Makā Vittiyālayam formerly known as Kanista Maha Vidyalayam) is a provincial school in Kilinochchi Sri Lanka.
 The George Ward Technology College was a medium sized comprehensive school in Melksham Wiltshire England with many notable alumni. The George Ward School was maintained co-educational secondary school catering for pupils aged 11 to 18.
 Seth Gyaniram Bansidhar Podar College (Hindi: सेठ ज्ञानीराम बंसीधर पोदार महाविद्यालय) also referred to as Podar College is a private college in the town Nawalgarh of Jhunjhunu district in the Indian state Rajasthan. Its offering education in Arts Science and Commerce streams at undergraduate and postgraduate levels.
 Charles M. Russell High School (also known as CMR) is a public high school in Great Falls Montana. It is part of the Great Falls Public Schools system. It is one of two public high schools in the city the other being Great Falls High School. The doors to the new school were officially opened for students on September 7 1965 with about 1400 students. The school currently still has about 1515 students enrolled.
 Reading Intermediate High School is home to over 2000 students in grades 8 and 9 from within the Reading School District.
 Chadsey Senior High School was a public secondary school in Detroit Michigan.
 Pearl School of Business (PSB) is a Business School in India founded by House of Pearl in 2006. The group also runs Fashion Institute Pearl Academy of Fashion and Indian Retail School. It offers graduate and post-graduate programmes including two year MBA BBA one year Executive MBA and DBA. PSB is located in Millennium City Gurgaon one of the hubs in India for IT and ITES companies.
 Clinton College is a historically black private two-year junior college in Rock Hill South Carolina.It was founded as the Clinton Institute in 1894 and named after Bishop Caleb Isom Clinton the African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church's Palmetto Conference presiding bishop at the time. On June 22 1909 it was incorporated as Clinton Normal and Industrial Institute.It is accredited by the Transnational Association of Christian Colleges and Schools.
 The Jesuit School of Philosophy and Theology (in Portuguese: Faculdade Jesuíta de Filosofia e Teologia known simply as FAJE) is a Brazilian private Jesuit college located in the city of Belo Horizonte in the State of Minas Gerais.
 To be distinguished from Elizabeth Woodville Primary School Groby Leicestershire.The Elizabeth Woodville School Northamptonshire was formed by the merger of Roade Sports College and Kingsbrook Specialist Business and Enterprise College (or Kingsbrook College) in 2011. The school is a secondary school with academy status (part of the Learning Schools Trust) with locations in the villages of Deanshanger and Stratford Road Roade both in South Northamptonshire.
 Lincoln County High School is a high school in Lincolnton Georgia. Their motto is Forever Learning Forever Leading.
 The University of Hawaiʻi - West Oʻahu UHWO or UH West Oʻahu is one of ten branches of the University of Hawaiʻi system and is a public co-ed state university with the newly built main campus located at 91-1001 Farrington Highway in Kapolei Hawaii.Officially opened in January 1976 the school has been fully accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges since 1981.
 Orgram chatuspalli high madrasah (Bengali-ওড়গ্রাম চতুস্পল্লী হাই মাদ্রাসা) is a Model Madrasah in India situated at Orgram village Burdwan district in the Indian state ofWest Bengal. It is divided into secondary higher secondary rabindra open school and vocational training. It enrolls students from class V to Higher secondary(+2). It has over 1339 students and 41 teachers in secondary and higher secondary areas.
 La Honda-Pescadero Unified School District is a school district in California that serves the south coast of San Mateo County including the communities of Pescadero and La Honda. It consists of three schools: a high school a combination elementary and middle school and an elementary school.
 The Jagiellonian University (Polish: Uniwersytet Jagielloński [uniˈvɛrsɨtɛt jaɡiɛllˈɔɲski] often shortened to UJ; historical names include Latin: Studium Generale University of Kraków Kraków Academy The Main Crown School and Main School of Kraków) is a research university founded in 1364 by Casimir III the Great in Kazimierz (since 1791 a district of Kraków).
 Middleborough High School is a public high school located in Middleborough Massachusetts. The school is located at 71 East Grove Street. Middleborough has an approximate student enrollment of 850 students in grades 9–12. The schools mascot is known as the Sachem and the school colors are Black & Orange. Middleborough is mentioned in Alice Hoffman's short story Saint Helene.
 Rajshahi Collegiate School (Bengali: রাজশাহী কলেজিয়েট স্কুল established in 1828) is the first modern school of Bengal (first school of Bangladesh) and one of the oldest schools of the Indian Subcontinent. It is located in the center of Rajshahi a city in northern Bangladesh.
 The University of Florida Health Science Center (HSC) also known as the J. Hillis Miller Health Science Center is the medical wing of the University of Florida. Its primary campuses are located at UF's main campus in Gainesville Florida and at UF Health at Jacksonville in Jacksonville Florida. The Health Science Center comprises six colleges: Dentistry Medicine Nursing Pharmacy Public Health and Health Professions and Veterinary Medicine.
 The Texas A&M Health Science Center a component of Texas A&M University offers health professions education in dentistry medicine nursing biomedical sciences public health and pharmacy. It was established in 1999 as an independent institution of the Texas A&M University System and received accreditation in December 2002 from the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award baccalaureate master’s doctoral and professional degrees.
 Nazareth College was a Catholic college in Kalamazoo Michigan that operated from 1914 until 1992.
 Northfield Mount Hermon commonly referred to as NMH is a selective independent co-educational non-denominational college-preparatory boarding and day school for students in grades 9–12 and postgraduates. The school is located on the banks of the Connecticut River in Gill MA adjacent to the town of Gill Massachusetts United States.
 Brandon University is a Canadian university located in the city of Brandon Manitoba with an enrolment of 4221 (2008/2009) full-time and part-time undergraduate and graduate students. The current location was founded on July 13 1899 as Brandon College as a Baptist institution. It was chartered as a university by then President Dr. John E. Robbins on June 5 1967.
 The Stephen Perse Foundation is an independent day school situated near the centre of Cambridge England. The Foundation is made up of five schools: The Stephen Perse Pre-Prep Schools in Madingley and in the City for boys and girls aged 3–7 Stephen Perse Foundation Junior School aged 7–11 (girls and admitting boys to year 4 from 2014) Stephen Perse Foundation Senior School for girls aged 11–16 (and boys from 2018) and the Stephen Perse Sixth Form College for boys and girls aged 16–18.
 Mindanao State University-General Santos City is a state university based in General Santos City South Cotabato Philippines. The Mindanao State University-General Santos was created six years after the establishment of the Mindanao State University Main Campus Marawi City on September 1 1961. It is one of the state universities of the Philippines with the aim of providing education for the different strategic locations across the island of Mindanao.
 Selçuk University (Turkish: Selçuk Üniversitesi) is state-owned higher educational institution which was founded 1975 in Konya Turkey.
 Pine Forest High School is a high school in Pensacola Florida. It was opened in 1975. First day of class in the new school was Nov 10th 1975. Pine Forest High is located on Longleaf Drive in a cluster of education buildings.
 The Oak Creek Ranch School is a co-ed boarding school in Cornville in the U.S. state of Arizona. The campus is on a 17-acre (6.9 ha) area of land on the banks of the Oak Creek 15 miles (24 km) southwest of Sedona. It focuses on students with attention deficit disorder (ADD) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It was founded in 1972 by David Wick Sr. father of the current headmaster of the school.
 Cégep de Chicoutimi is a French-language general and professional educational college (CEGEP) located in the Chicoutimi borough of Saguenay Quebec Canada.It was the first CEGEP recognized as such in Quebec after the institution of the CEGEP system in 1967.
 The Faculty of Science is one of the faculties of the University of the Witwatersrand Johannesburg located in Gate House on East Campus. The Dean of the Faculty is Professor Andrew Crouch. The Faculty offers undergraduate Bachelor of Science (BSc) degrees and postgraduate Honours (BSc Hons.) Masters (MSc) and PhD degrees.
 Leland Senior High School (LHS) is a public high school in Leland Mississippi. It educates approximately 336 students in grades nine through twelve. It is a part of the Leland School District. Leland Elementary and Leland School Park feed students into Leland High School.The school in 1982 graduated its first racially integrated school population from K–12 having implemented desegregation in 1970.
 Hamilton High School is a 2A high school located in Hamilton Texas (USA). It is part of the Hamilton Independent School District located in central Hamilton County. In 2011 the school was rated Academically Acceptable by the Texas Education Agency.
 Dalian University of Technology (DUT) (simplified Chinese: 大连理工大学; traditional Chinese: 大連理工大學; pinyin: Dàlián Lǐgōng Dàxué) colloquially known in Chinese as Dagong (大工 Dàgōng) is a public research university located in Dalian and Panjin Liaoning People's Republic of China. DUT previously renowned as one of the Big Four Institutes of Technology is among China's top universities for engineering and technology.
 Eulji University is a private university in Seongnam City Gyeonggi-do South Korea and central Daejeon South Korea. It opened its doors as a college in March 1997. Instruction focuses on medical fields. The school was established by Dr. Park Jun-yeong and the Eulji Educational Foundation which in turn grew out of the Eulji Hospital which opened in 1981.
 The Presbyterian University College Ghana is a private university located at Abetifi-Kwahu in the Eastern Region of Ghana. It is one of the new universities in Ghana granted accreditation by the National Accreditation Board.
 The Kalinga Institute of Medical Sciences (KIMS) is the medical school of the KIIT University situated in Bhubaneswar Odisha India. This institute gained permission in 2007 from Medical Council of India to start the MBBS courses in medical stream. At the same time the sister institute of Kalinga Institute of Dental Sciences (KIDS) gained permission to start the BDS courses.
 Asociación Escuelas Lincoln is an international school located in La Lucila a residential neighborhood just north of the city of Buenos Aires Argentina. The school has class sizes of 15–22 students and is the only US-accredited school in Argentina. It is one of the best schools in Argentina and is filled with students from across the world from Finland to Japan to Panama. Many of these students have parents that work for embassies or international companies.
 Trinity College Beenleigh is a co-educational Roman Catholic secondary school in Beenleigh Queensland Australia.Mrs Catherine Thompson is the school's principal.
 Musselburgh Grammar School is a large state secondary school that serves as the main secondary school for Musselburgh and the surrounding areas. It dates back to the sixteenth century although the present building was erected in 1835. Until the 1950s the school was a 'proper' Grammar School and fees were paid for attendance. As of 2006 the school's roll was 1310.The current headteacher is Ronald Summers who has been in position since 2003.
 Lake Ridge Schools Corporation is based in unincorporated Lake County Indiana United States and serves students within the unincorporated sections of the Calumet Township and portions of Gary.
 Handique Girls College is a constituent college of the University of Guwahati. It is one of the oldest colleges located in the Indian state of Assam and offers undergraduate courses in Arts and Science.
 Venkateshwara Institute of Technology (VIT) is an engineering college located on NH-58 Meerut-Delhi Bypass Meerut Uttar Pradesh India. The college is affiliated to Uttar Pradesh Technical University Lucknow.
 Central University of Tamil Nadu (CUTN) was established by an Act of Parliament (No.25 of 20 March 2009). The University was inaugurated on 30 September 2009 by Kapil Sibal who laid the foundation stone in the presence of M Karunanidhi and M. K. Stalin. Presently CUTN is functioning in a temporary campus with an area of 55000 sq.ft. in the Thiruvarur District Collectorate.
 Mohave Community College (also known as MCC) is a two-year public community college with campuses in Kingman Lake Havasu City Bullhead City and Colorado City serving Mohave County Arizona and the surrounding communities. MCC is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools which is endorsed by the U.S. Department of Education.
 South Anchorage High School is a public high school that serves grades 9-12 in Anchorage Alaska as well as students from the neighboring Turnagain Arm communities of Girdwood and Indian. South Anchorage High School is part of the Anchorage School District and opened in the fall of 2004. The official school colors of SAHS are black and gold the mascot is the wolverine. As of October 1 2010 the school had an enrollment of 1528.
 Harbor Beach Community Schools is the school district of the town of Harbor Beach Michigan. It consists of the grades Kindergarten through Twelfth grade. The current address of The Harbor Beach Community School is 402 South Fifth Street Harbor Beach MI. 48441. The school colors are Orange and Black; and the mascot is The Pirates.
 The Université Caraïbe (Caribbean University) is a university located in Port-au-Prince Haiti. It was founded in 1988 and is organized in six Faculties.
 Jagadbandhu Institution (Bengali: জগদ্বন্ধু ইনস্টিটিউশন; About this sound listen ); is a school for boys in South Kolkata West Bengal India affiliated to the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education for Madhyamik Pariksha (10th Board exams) and to the West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education for Higher Secondary Examination (12th Board exams).
 East Texas Baptist University (ETBU) is a private coeducational Christian university in Marshall Texas United States associated with the Baptist General Convention of Texas.
 Saheed Anurup Chandra Mahavidyalaya established in 1991 is an undergraduate college in Burul West Bengal India. It is affiliated with the University of Calcutta.
 The Julian Youth Academy (JYA) is a fully accredited private Christian residential boarding school located in the mountains of San Diego California. JYA is a program of Teen Rescue Inc. a nationwide support service that has helped over 15000 families since 1989. An all-girls boarding school JYA helps teen girls in need of regular supervision.
 Gainesville High School is a high school in Gainesville Georgia.
 The Norwegian Police University College (Norwegian: Politihøgskolen; PHS) is a public university college located in Oslo Kongsvinger Stavern and Bodø Norway. It offers education for the police force of Norway including a three-year basic education and a possible expansion with a Master's degree. 720 students are accepted at the Bachelor level each year. The university college also conducts research in relevant areas including law police science criminology psychology and sociology.
 National Tainan Institute of Nursing (NTIN; Chinese: 國立臺南護理專科學校; pinyin: Zhēngxiū Kējì Dàxué) is a public college located in West Central Tainan Taiwan.
 The University of Pune (Marathi: पुणे विद्यापीठ) (formerly the University of Poona) is a university located in western India in the city of Pune. It was founded in 1948 and is one of India's premier Universities. Spread over a 411 acres (1.66 km2) campus the university is home to 46 academic departments.
 Colorado State University OnlinePlus is a service provider of online and distance education as well as face-to-face classes at Learning Centers along Colorado’s Front Range.
 Oden High School is a public six-year high school located along Arkansas Highway 88 in Oden Arkansas United States. Oden is one of three public high schools in Montgomery County and one of two high schools of the Ouachita River School District. For 2010–11 the school enrollment was 256 students occupying grades 7 through 12.
 Westminster Seminary California is a Reformed and Presbyterian Christian graduate educational institution located 25 miles north of San Diego California USA in Escondido. It was initially a branch campus of Westminster Theological Seminary in Philadelphia until 1982 when it became fully independent. It currently has thirteen full-time faculty members and enrolls approximately 155 full-time students.
 St. Anne's College (also referred to as St. Anne's College Kurunegala Kurunegala St.Anne's or simply as St. Anne's ) is a Catholic boys' school located in Kurunegala Sri Lanka. Started by Rev. Bro. Hugh Ferrington in 1867. Students of St. Anne's College are known as Annites.
 Mansfield University of Pennsylvania is one of the fourteen state universities that are part of the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education. The university is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education and numerous national professional organizations. Mansfield University has 3360 students and 180 professors. The campus is located in North Central Pennsylvania in the borough of Mansfield.
 Fendalton Open Air School is a primary school in Christchurch New Zealand known for its open-air classrooms. Fendalton Primary School was established in 1875 continuing to provide education for primary school children in Fendalton for over 125 years. As of 2007 the school has 520 students and the principal is Paul Sibson. In 2002 and 2003 it was runner up in the Goodman Fielder School of the Year Awards.
 The Instituto Federal de Educação Ciência e Tecnologia do Rio de Janeiro (IFRJ) (Rio de Janeiro Federal Institute of Education Science and Technology) also known as the late Centro Federal de Educação Tecnológica de Química de Nilópolis is an institution that offers high and professional educations by having a pluricurricular form.
 Worcester Academy is an independent coeducational preparatory school in Worcester Massachusetts in the United States. Sited on 67 acres (270000 m2) the school is divided into a middle school serving approximately 150 students in grades six to eight and an upper school serving approximately 500 students in grades nine to twelve including some postgraduates. Approximately one-third of students in the upper school participate in the school's five- and seven-day boarding programs.
 Venice High School is a public high school located in westside Los Angeles in the U.S. state of California within the Los Angeles Unified School District (LAUSD). The school contains a Foreign Language and International Studies Magnet and STEMM Magnet. The school is known for offering a large number of Advanced Placement classes.The school's English-language newspaper is The Oarsman.
 The University of Texas at Dallas (also referred to as UT Dallas or UTD) is a public research university in the University of Texas System. The main campus is in Richardson Texas Telecom Corridor 18 miles (29 km) north of downtown Dallas. The institution established in 1961 as the Graduate Research Center of the Southwest and later renamed the Southwest Center for Advanced Studies (SCAS) began as a research arm of Texas Instruments.
 Deep Springs is a private alternative college in Deep Springs California in the United States. A two-year college the institution currently aims for a student body size of 26 though the number is occasionally lower. After completing two years at Deep Springs students may elect to receive an associate's degree although this rarely happens in practice.
 The Faculty of Communication Art and Technology (FCAT) at Simon Fraser University in British Columbia Canada offers a range of undergraduate and graduate programs in Communication Contemporary Arts Interactive Arts & Technology and Publishing. Programs in the Faculty are taught at all three campuses located in Burnaby Vancouver and Surrey B.C. Soon FCAT will also be located in the new Woodward's building a new cultural facility in downtown Vancouver. FCAT was launched in April 2009.
 DeLaSalle High School is a Catholic college preparatory high school in Minneapolis Minnesota. It is located on Nicollet Island.
 Parle Tilak Vidyalaya English Medium School ('P. T. V. E. M. S.') is an English medium school located in Vile Parle East in Mumbai India. The school has Primary and Secondary Sections. The school produces merit list rankers in the Maharashtra State Secondary Board examinations year after year[citation needed]. The school is part of the Parle Tilak Vidyalaya Association which runs a number of schools and colleges mainly in Vile Parle Andheri and Mulund.
 Bullitt Central High School is a secondary school located at 1330 Highway 44 East in the city of Shepherdsville Kentucky. It is part of the Bullitt County Public Schools district located in Bullitt County Kentucky.lLocal author and fiber artist Alma Wallace Lesch visited BCHS in 1973 encouraging the art department students and faculty to eventually become a five-member fine arts department offering semester electives in the visual arts.
 Jamia Binoria is an international Deobandi Islamic educational institute located in Karachi Sindh Pakistan. It is regarded as one of the most modern madrassas. It should not be confused with the Jamiah Islamiya madrassa in Binori Town Karachi.Jamia Binoria was founded by Mufti Muhammed Naeem in Rajab 1398 A.H. or 1978 CE.It is affiliated to Ittehad Tanzeematul Madaris-e-Deeniya (ITMD) a confederacy of five religious education boards.
 Bangor Academy and Sixth Form College (informally Bangor Academy) is a mixed secondary school located in Bangor Co Down Northern Ireland.
 Blessed Trinity RC College is a mixed 11-16 voluntary-aided Roman Catholic faith school in Burnley Lancashire England.
 The Institute for Theoretical and Experimental Physics (ITEP; Russian Институт теоретической и экспериментальной физики) is located in Moscow Russia as a MinAtom physical institute.Established December 1 1945 ITEP exists as a community of people studying topics ranging from theoretical physics and mathematics to biology and chemistry. The group organizes schools for scholars and undergraduates. The school conducts and produces original scientific research.
 The Seattle Film Institute (SFI) is a film school founded in Seattle WA in 1994. SFI offers part-time classes masters degrees and certificate programs in film and digital video production.
 The University of the East Graduate School offers degree programs in Business Teacher Education Public Administration Library Science Environmental Science and Medicine.
 Swinton Community School is an 11–18 secondary school with more than 880 pupils in South Yorkshire England. In November 2011 the school was inspected by Ofsted and was judged to be a good school with a good sixth form.
 Auburn High School is a public high school located in Rockford Illinois USA currently housing close to 2000 ninth- through twelfth-grade students living in the Rockford school district.In addition to serving students living on the west side of Rockford Auburn houses the high school portions of the Gifted Program (the Renaissance Academy) the Creative and Performing Arts Program (CAPA) and the only Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps program remaining in Rockford.
 Tacoma Science and Math Institute (also known as SAMi) is a public high school in the Tacoma Public Schools district. It is located in Metro Parks Tacoma in Ruston Washington. The school offers an integrated inquiry-based curriculum for students in grades 9-12 that combines the arts science math and environmental and marine studies. It operates in partnership with local science organizations including Point Defiance Zoo and Aquarium and local universities.
 Bemidji High School is a public high school in Bemidji Minnesota. The school is situated on a 260-acre (1.1 km2) campus two miles (3 km) west of downtown Bemidji. The Mississippi River runs behind the high school.
 Tokyo University of Science (東京理科大学 Tōkyō Rika Daigaku) formerly Science University of Tokyo informally Rikadai (理科大) or simply Ridai (理大) is a Japanese private university in Shinjuku Tokyo Japan
 Mount Everest Boarding School is one of the oldest private schools in Pokhara.
 Thomas Rotherham College is a college for 16 to 19 year olds founded in 1967. It is located in Rotherham South Yorkshire England. It is situated on the top of a hill off Moorgate Road (A618) next to Boston Castle. The principal is Richard Williams.
 The College of Medicine & Sagore Dutta Hospital is a medical college set up by the Government of West Bengal in 2011 to reduce the shortfall of doctors in the state.
 Americas High School is a high school in El Paso Texas United States.
 Lourdes High School is one of the oldest and prestigious educational institutions in Kalyan. The first principal of the school was Rev Father Francis Perrira. The school was established in 1938. Under the leadership of Father William Athaide the school went under a major reconstruction in 1991. The church inside the school premises was reconstructed which started in 2004 and completed by 2007. In 2010 the school also started a Junior college for Science and Commerce.
 The Institut de Chimie des Substances Naturelles (Institute for the chemistry of natural substances) is part of the Centre national de la recherche scientifique France's most prominent public research organization. It is located at Gif-sur-Yvette near Paris. The ICSN is France's largest state-run chemistry research institute. It was built in 1959 and it employs over 300 people.
 Chisholm Catholic College is an independent Catholic high school situated approximately 6 km northeast of the Central Business District of Perth W.A. Australia. The College provides secondary education for over 1660 students.Chisholm Catholic College was established in 1989 as a result of the amalgamation of St Mark's College Bedford conducted by the Christian Brothers and St Thomas Aquinas College Inglewood conducted by the Dominican Sisters.
 The Sacred Heart School is located in Isa Town the Kingdom of Bahrain. The school was established in 1953 and offers a British education.It is a co-educational school run by the Comboni Sisters from 1953 to 2003 and since then by the Carmelite nuns and offering an education to help prepare its students for the IGCSE examination - International General Certificate of Secondary Education - a London examinations degree.
 Williamsport High School is a public high school in Williamsport Washington County Maryland United States.
 Heritage College Cooranbong (est. 1997) is a Christadelphian K-12 school located at Cooranbong New South Wales Australia. The school also offers distance education courses for students from Christadelphian families in years K-6.Heritage College Cooranbong is one of four Christadelphian Heritage Colleges in Australia; the other three are located in Perth Adelaide and Sydney.The school motto is To Know Wisdom and Instruction which is taken from the Book of Proverbs 1:2.
 The University of the Algarve (Universidade do Algarve or UAlg) is a Portuguese public university with administrative and financial autonomy. Its two campuses and the central administration are located in Faro the capital city of the Algarve region.
 Roundwood Park School is a mixed 11-18 secondary school with academy status situated in Harpenden Hertfordshire UK. Opened in 1956 it currently has around 1200 pupils most of whom live in the local area and surrounding villages (e.g. Markyate Southdown Whitwell Kimpton Flamstead Redbourn Breachwood Green and Wheathampstead.) At the beginning of 2011 Roundwood (along with Sir John Lawes School the University of Hertfordshire Rothamsted Research formed a charitable trust.
 Bonny Eagle High School is a public high school located in Standish Maine United States. The school is a part of Maine School Administrative District 6 which serves the towns of Buxton (including Bar Mills) Hollis Limington Frye Island and Standish (including Steep Falls). Remodeling was recently finished on the front of the school.[citation needed]
 Faujdarhat Cadet College is a selective high school (grade 7 to grade 12) modeled after public schools in the UK (according to the Public Schools Act 1868) financed partially by the Bangladesh Army located at Faujdarhat near Chittagong in Bangladesh.
 Kangshanagar High School (Bengali: কংশনগর উচ্চ বিদ্যালয় is a combined school in Comilla a city in Bangladesh. It was established in 1997. It is situated in Comilla-Sylhet Highway Kangshanagar Burichang Upazila 3531. Education Institute Identification Number (EIIN) of the school is 105289.
 The National Kaohsiung University of Hospitality and Tourism (NKUHT; Chinese: 國立高雄餐旅大學; pinyin: Guólì Gāoxióng Cānlǚ Dàxué) is a public university located in Siaogang District Kaohsiung Taiwan.
 Belton-Honea Path High School (or BHP) is a comprehensive co-educational public secondary school located in Honea Path South Carolina United States. BHP is the only public high school serving Honea Path and Belton. The school is accredited by the South Carolina Department of Education and the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
 Pakuan University (UNPAK) is the oldest and biggest private university in Bogor.[citation needed] It was established on 1 November 1980 under the Foundation Pakuan Siliwangi. Pakuan University is located at Jl. Pakuan PO BOX 452 Bogor. In the academic year 2012/2013 UNPAK offered 32 programs of study. Dr. Bibin Rubini MPd has been the rector of UNPAK since elected in 2008.
 Penn State Schuylkill is a Commonwealth Campus of the Pennsylvania State University. It is located in Schuylkill Haven Schuylkill County Pennsylvania.The Schuylkill Campus was originally chartered in 1934 and was located in Pottsville approximately 6 miles (10 km) north of the current campus. Classes were originally held in rented spaced and laboratory facilities for science students were shared with an area high school.
 De Lisle College (formerly De Lisle Roman Catholic Comprehensive School then De Lisle Catholic Science College and sometimes called De Lisle School) is a co-educational secondary school with academy status in Loughborough Leicestershire England. At the time of its 2000 Ofsted inspection it had 1223 pupils including 160 in the sixth form. It was designated as a science specialist school in 2003.
 Mariposa County Unified School District is a public school district based in Mariposa County California United States.
 St. Anne's Catholic Secondary School (also referred to as St. Anne's CSS or stannes) is a Catholic high school in Clinton Ontario. It is noted for its sports teams and exceptional grades that are usually at or above the provincial expectations. It serves students from grades nine to twelve. The motto of St. Anne's is in alis aquilae which is Latin for on eagle's wings. This motto is taken from the Book of Isaiah Chapter 40 of the Bible.
 Sundarban Mahavidyalaya established in 1965 is an undergraduate college in Kakdwip West Bengal India. It is affiliated with the University of Calcutta.
 The Jewish Theological Seminary of America (JTS or JTSA) is located in New York. It is one of the academic and spiritual centers of Conservative Judaism and a major center for academic scholarship in Jewish studies.JTS operates five schools: Albert A.
 Scoil Chualann is an Irish language speaking primary school or Gaelscoil situated on the Vevay road Bray County Wicklow. It was founded in 1977 by its first and now retired principal Bríd Ní Choncheanainn and was the first of its type in Bray. The school is linked closely to Queen of Peace Church and has all its religious services held there including the communions and confirmations. Scoil Chualann would provide a lot of players for its local GAA club Bray Emmets.
 John Paul II High School is a private Roman Catholic college preparatory high school in Schertz Texas. It is operated by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Antonio.
 Western Mennonite High School is a private Mennonite school near Salem Oregon United States.The school has been accredited by the Northwest Association of Accredited Schools since 1975.SportsThe boy's basketball team won the State 2A-3 Championship for the 2010-11 season.
 Richmond High School is a public school (state school) in Richmond New South Wales Australia.The school was founded in 1955 as a centre of learning for students all across the Richmond area. The school is well-equipped for extra-curricular activities as it contains a large gymnasium with various sporting facilities.[citation needed] It is co-educational and provides education for students in year 7 to year 12.
 Functional Food Centre at Oxford Brookes University is the UK’s first Research Centre dedicated to Functional Foods.
 Ibaraki Christian University Junior College (茨城キリスト教大学短期大学部 Ibaraki Kirisuto-kyō Daigaku Tanki Daigakubu) was a junior college in Hitachi Ibaraki Japan.The institute was founded in 1950 as Ibaraki Christian Junior College. It became Shion Junior College in 1990. In 2000 Shion Junior College became Ibaraki Christian University Junior College. The college closed in 2005.
 The KIIT School of Languages (KSOL) established in 2007 is the language wing of KIIT University. It offers undergraduate courses in English French Chinese Japanese Korean Corporate Communications and Education with or without study abroad facility. It also offers various certificate advanced certificate diplomas language lab postgraduate and doctoral degrees.
 The Université de Béchar is a university located in Béchar Algeria. It was established in 1986.
 Perm State University (Russian: Пермский государственный университет romanised: Permskiy gosudarstvennyy universitet) or PSU (Russian: ПГУ romanised: PGU) is located in the city of Perm Perm Krai Russia. Founded in 1916 it claims to be one of the oldest universities in the Ural and eastern territories of Russia. Its current rector is Igor Makarikhin.
 The Way College of Biblical Research Indiana was used by The Way International for its leadership training program and biblical research seminars located in Rome City Indiana for 20 years. Purchased in 1976 the 197-acre (0.80 km2) site located on the north side of Rome City previously housed the historic Kneipp Springs health spa which was developed between 1897 and 1910 by Dr. W.G.
 The University of Michigan School of Public Health is one of the professional graduate schools of the University of Michigan. Located in Ann Arbor Michigan UM SPH is one of the oldest schools of public health in the country and is also considered one of the schools focusing on health in the United States.
 Battle Ground High School (BGHS) is a public high school in Battle Ground Washington. It is part of the Battle Ground School District in Clark County located in the southwest region of the state of Washington. Prairie High School is also a high school in the Battle Ground School District.Battle Ground School District No. 119 is a public school district in Clark County Washington USA.
 The Toronto Institute of Pharmaceutical Technology (TIPT) is a registered private career college located in Toronto Ontario and is licensed by the Ontario Ministry of Training Colleges and Universities. Toronto Institute of Pharmaceutical Technology a North American technology Institute providing specialized post-graduate education and training in pharmaceutical sciences and technology.
 The Centro de Enseñanza Técnica y Superior (CETYS) is a Mexican private university commonly referred to as CETYS Universidad.This institution was founded on February 17 1961 with Fernando Macías Rendón as first president in Mexicali Baja California. It originally opened with only a high school program where the first student registered was Eugenio Lagarde Camerón and courses started on September 20.
 Shantou Jinshan Middle School is located in Queshi Scenic Area Shantou City Guangdong Province China covering 107000 square meters. Existing high school class of 60 students of 3400 more than 210 full-time teachers.
 Kohat University of Science and Technology (KUST) is a public sector university established in 2001 at Kohat District Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan by the governor Lt. Gen. Syed Iftikhar Hussan Shah. It had four institutes - Institute of Information Technology Institute of Management Sciences Institute of Education and Research and Department of Microbiology. These offered two-year and four-year Bachelor of Science (B.Sc) degrees and two-year Master degrees fields in 2004.
 Beijing Film Academy (simplified Chinese: 北京电影学院; traditional Chinese: 北京電影學院; pinyin: Běijīng Diànyǐng Xuéyuàn; abbreviated BFA) is a coeducational state-run higher education institution in Beijing China. The film school is the largest institution specialising in the tertiary education for film and television production in Asia. The academy has earned international recognition for its achievements in film production.
 Mount Carmel Catholic College for Girls is a Roman Catholic girls-only school in Islington North London England. The school was located in Eden Grove Holloway before moving to its present location in Holland Walk Archway.The school doesn't have a sixth form however Year 11 pupils are automatically given a place at leading sixth form City and Islington College.
 W. F. Kaynor Technical High School or Kaynor Tech is a technical high school located in Waterbury Connecticut. Students from Waterbury and the surrounding towns can attend Kaynor. Kaynor Tech is part of the Connecticut Technical High School System.
 Kumon Leysin Academy of Switzerland (KLAS) (スイス公文学園高等部 Suisu Kumon Gakuen Kōtōbu) is a private high school in Leysin Switzerland founded by the Kumon Gakuen Educational Foundation in 1990. The school focuses on Japanese and Western university preparation for grades 10-12. KLAS is recognized by the Swiss Service de la Protection de la Jeunesse Département Sociale et des Assurances and is a member of the European Council of International Schools (ECIS).
 Martin College is an Australian vocational education and training (VET) provider with campuses in Brisbane Gold Coast and central Sydney. The college is also part of Study Group International a worldwide specialist education company. Martin College provides accredited nationally recognised diploma and certificate courses in the areas of business and management marketing information technology travel and tourism event management and graphic design.
 Waseda University R.F.C. was founded in 1918. It is one of the top rugby union clubs for students in Japan together with Kanto Gakuin University RFC Keio University RFC and Doshisha University RFC. It is the representative club of Waseda University and has produced many players for the Japan national rugby union team.
 Tile Hill Wood School is a secondary school with academy status for girls situated in Tile Hill southwest Coventry England. The current headteacher is Mrs Gina O'Connor. The school has specialist Language College status.The school has thriving performing arts department with a variety of events occurring throughout the year. These include Dance Showcases Christmas Concerts Summer Music showcases and most recently the extremely successful 2013 production of Little Shop of Horrors.
 Kilpauk Medical College (KMC) is one of the premier government medical institutions in India. Founded in 1960 the college has been instrumental in producing many world renowned doctors. There are 2 busy hospitals affiliated with the KMC - Government Kilpauk Medical College Hospital and Government Royapettah Hospital.
 The École secondaire catholique Sainte-Famille is a French medium Catholic high school located in Mississauga Ontario Canada. It is managed by the Conseil scolaire de district catholique Centre-Sud. The school offers the International Baccalaureate.
 The Williams Valley School District is a small rural public school district located in Dauphin County Pennsylvania and Schuylkill County Pennsylvania. The Districts is highly fragmented encompassing: the boroughs of Williamstown and Tower City as well as the townships of Porter Rush Williams and Wiconisco. The district encompasses approximately 62 square miles (160 km2). According to 2000 federal census data it served a resident population of 7355.
 Beverley School is a community special school located in Middlesbrough supporting children with autism. Originally opened as a special school for hearing impaired children the school began to admit children with autism in the 1980s and is now a regional centre of excellence.Since Easter 2011 Beverley School has shared a campus with Prince Bishop School.
 McCloud High School is a public high school located in McCloud California. It is a member of the Siskiyou Union High School District. The school's mascot is known as the Loggers.
 Idyllwild Arts Academy offers a college preparatory program for grades 9–12 and post-graduates with training in music theater dance visual art creative writing film and interdisciplinary arts. An audition or portfolio is required for admission.The Academy is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC).It was the first independent boarding high school for the arts in the western United States.
 The University of Teramo (Italian: Università degli Studi di Teramo) is an Italian public research university located in Teramo Italy. The academic institution was established in 1993 detached from the University of Chieti in a moment of strong tension between supporters of “autonomy” and those wanting to maintain the traditional structure.The University of Teramo now offers 5 faculties 24 degree courses 35 Masters 6 postgraduate schools and 10 departments.
 S. Thomas' College Gurutalawa is a private school situated in the town of Gurutalawa in the Uva Province of Sri Lanka. It is an Anglican school administrated by the Church of Ceylon.
 The Wilson College set up in 1832 in Mumbai is one of India’s oldest colleges; its foundation precedes that of the University of Mumbai to which it is affiliated by 25 years. It was awarded an A rating by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) in 2005. Located opposite Mumbai’s Girgaum Chowpatty the college building was constructed in 1889 and designed by John Adams in the domestic Victorian Gothic style.
 All Saints College is a multi-campus co-educational Catholic secondary day school situated in the Hunter Region NSW Australia. It is a Systemic Catholic School and part of the Catholic Schools Office of Maitland-Newcastle. The college has three campuses: St Mary's Campus Maitland (Years 11-12) St Peter's Campus Maitland (Years 7-10) St Joseph’s Lochinvar (Years 7-10)↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2
 Edinburgh's Telford College was a further education college in Edinburgh Scotland. In October 2012 the college merged with Jewel & Esk College and Stevenson College to form a new entity called Edinburgh College.
 The Matrusri Education Society was founded in 1980 by a group of visionaries and philanthropists such as Arshadharmasri Late Sri Maturi Venkata Subba Rao as Founder Secretary Maturi Gopala Rao the architect of Nagarjunasagar Dam as Founder Chairman besides industrialists doctors businessmen administrators and advocates.
 Newton High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from Newton in Sussex County New Jersey United States operating as part of the Newton Public School District.
 Gallup Catholic High School was a private Roman Catholic high school in Gallup New Mexico. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gallup. The school colors are green black and white. Due to declining enrollment the high school was closed in 2013. The related elementary school remains open.
 Korea National Sport University is a South Korean public university located in the neighborhood of Bangi-dong Songpa-gu Seoul. It is the only national sport university of South Korea.Founded in December 1972 it opened its doors in March 1973. The university aims to educate and nurture excellent sportsmen and specialized sports coaches.
 Huntington School is a public school in Huntington Oregon. Serving grades K-12 it is the only school in the Huntington School District. The school has a 14-student dormitory designed for foreign exchange students.
 Mount Royal Collegiate Institute is located on the west side of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada in Mount Royal. It serves students from grades 9 through 12. It is also known as Mount Royal Royal or simply MRCI.
 Not to be confused with Twyford School.Twyford CofE High School is a co-educational Church of England Academy School located in Acton West London. It consists of just under 1400 pupils aged 11–18 (with over 500 students in the Sixth Form) and prides itself on its academic social spiritual sporting dramatic and musical achievement. Twyford has specialisms in music and languages.
 The Fort Worth Academy of Fine Arts (FWAFA) is a public arts charter school in Fort Worth Texas founded in 2001 by the Texas Boys Choir Inc. The school serves grades 3 through 12. and emphasizes the arts. Its programs include choir theatre musical theatre instrumental a variety of visual arts dance and music composition.
 Whippany Park High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from the Township of Hanover in Morris County New Jersey United States as part of the Hanover Park Regional High School District. The school is located in the Whippany section of Hanover Township.As of the 2010-11 school year the school had an enrollment of 624 students and 44.4 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis) for a student–teacher ratio of 14.05:1.
 The Martin J. Whitman School of Management is the business school of Syracuse University in Syracuse New York. Named after Martin J. Whitman an alumnus and benefactor of the school the school was established in 1919. The Whitman School offers bachelor's master's and doctoral degrees as well as executive degree programs.
 Nazareth Evangelical Theological Seminary (NETS) is an evangelical seminary located in the American Quarter in Nazareth of Galilee Israel. The seminary offers graduate and undergraduate degrees and teaching takes place both in English and Arabic.
 Otterbein University is a private four-year liberal arts college in Westerville Ohio United States. The university was founded in 1847 by the Church of the United Brethren in Christ. As a result of a division and two mergers involving the Church the university has since 1968 been associated with the United Methodist Church.
 Laureate Group of Schools established in 1992is one of the famous school of Multan. It has its main campus at Ansar colony.Until 2011 the school provides education till matriculation level. In consecutive years of 2007-2010 the institute has achieved overall first class presumably more than 80 percent of Multan education board. However the education is expanded to F.A and F.Sc including medical and non-medical plus I.C.S parts and now called Laureate Group of Schools and Collages.
 Technical HSS Thamarassery (Malayalam: ടെക്നിക്കല്‍ ഹയർസെക്കണ്ടറി സ്കൂൾ താമരശ്ശേരി) is also known as Technical Higher Secondary School Thamarassery or IHRD Thamarassery.It is situated on the Thamarassery-Balussery State Highway route called Korangad in Kozhikode district. It is 2 km far away from Thamarassery Town. The school is managed by the Institute of Human Resources Development (IHRD) and promote scientific advancement technological progress and economic growth.
 Chisholm Trail is one of the nine middle schools in Olathe Kansas. The school serves a diverse population among Southern Olathe. Their graduates attend Olathe South High School along with select Frontier Trail Junior High graduates and Indian Trail Middle School graduates. Chisholm Trail middle school's feeder schools include Arbor Creek Elementary Madison Place Elementary and Sunnyside Elementary.
 Saint Kentigern College is a private co-educational Presbyterian secondary school in the Pakuranga suburb of Manukau City in the South Auckland region of New Zealand beside the estuary of the Tamaki Estuary.
 Jakarta State Polytechnic (in Indonesian: Politeknik Negeri Jakarta) abbreviated as PNJ. Its is located in the north part of Depok West Java.
 Burr and Burton Academy (BBA) is an independent coeducational secondary school located in Manchester Vermont founded in 1829. Burr and Burton serves as the high school of choice for students from Manchester and several surrounding communities in southern Vermont including Dorset Danby Londonderry Landgrove Mt. Tabor Peru Stratton Sunderland Weston and Winhall. Every year an average of 50 international students from around the world attend Burr and Burton.
 Vyasa Vidya Peethom is an educational institution in Palakkad. Following the CBSE syllabus and affiliated to the Vidya Bharati it is the first educational institution established by the BVN (Bharatheeya Vidya Nikethan) in Kerala. The school has been catering to CBSE syllabus since 1984 recruiting students from states like Manipur and even from the neighbouring nations like Nepal.
 Wichita West High School known locally as West is a fully accredited high school located in Wichita Kansas serving students in grades 9-12. The high school is located close to downtown Wichita and is near U.S. Route 54. The current principal is Joel Hudson.
 Aylesbury High School (AHS) was founded in 1959 in Aylesbury Buckinghamshire when the previously co-educational Aylesbury Grammar School (founded 1598) split to become two single-sex grammar schools. The two institutions remain on adjacent sites. The school takes its pupils from a wide area as far from Aylesbury as Oxford and Milton Keynes as admissions are determined by the Eleven plus.
 Osawatomie High School (OHS) is a public high school located at 1200 Trojan Drive in Osawatomie Kansas serving students in grades 9-12. Mascot is Trojans and the school colors are red and white. The principal is Doug Chisam the assistant principal/athletic director is Randy Madden. The current enrollment of the school is 355 students.
 Boston State College was a public university located in Boston Massachusetts United States.
 The University of Iowa College of Law is one of the eleven professional graduate schools at the University of Iowa located in Iowa City Iowa. Founded in 1865 it is the oldest law school in continuous operation west of the Mississippi River. The law school is currently ranked as the 27th best law school in the United States according to the U.S. News and World Report Best Law School rankings. It is the 10th best public law school in the country and 3rd most affordable among the top 30.
 Shadow Hills High School is a public high school for grades 9-12. It is located in north Indio California USA. Other high schools in the area are Indio High School La Quinta High School and Palm Desert High School. The main feeder school are Indio Middle School and Desert Ridge Academy which replaced the former Woodrow Wilson Middle School in 2009.[citation needed]
 La Loche Community School is located in the village of La Loche in northern Saskatchewan Canada. The school consists of two campuses. One campus Ducharme School (56°28′56″N 109°26′18″W) offers kindergarten to grade six; and the other Dene High School (56°29′18″N 109°26′43″W) offers grades seven to twelve. The school has an enrollment of 900 students and a support staff of 110.The majority of the students are bilingual and speak both Denesuline and English.
 St. Rita School for the Deaf is an independent Roman Catholic school located in the village of Evendale near Cincinnati Ohio.
 JFS (formerly known as the Jews' Free School) is a Jewish secondary school in Kenton north London. It presently accepts both male and female students. At one time it had more than 4000 students attending making this school the largest Jewish school in Europe.
 Ringmer Community College and Sixth Form is an academy school located in the village of Ringmer in East Sussex England. It was opened in 1958 and serves a catchment area of Lewes and surrounding towns.The current Headteacher is Kathy Stonier.
 The University of Sonora (Universidad de Sonora abbreviated as Unison) is located in the state of Sonora Mexico. It was founded in 1942 after a committee to create a state university was formed on August 10 1938.
 Anglo-Chinese Junior College (ACJC) in Singapore opened in 1977 and is the junior college arm of the Anglo-Chinese School family of Methodist schools. ACJC offers the standard two-year pre-university programme with students taking the GCE 'A' Levels in their second year. It was the first Junior College in Singapore to have a sports field and a running track on campus.ACJC's class of 2005 produced two out of four President Scholars.
 Mill Hill School (following the combination of Benjamin Outrams Comprehensive School and Ripley Technical School) is a secondary school and sixth form located in Ripley Derbyshire. As of 2008 there were 1258 students in attendance ranging between the ages of 11 and 18. In 2009 the school gained specialist status in English. Prior to this Mill Hill specialised in the Media and liberal arts curriculum.
 Cedar Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Hartington Nebraska. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Omaha.
 Royal Mathematical School is a branch of Christ's Hospital founded by Charles II. It is currently Christ's Hospital's Maths Department.
 Elphinstone College is an institution of higher education affiliated to the University of Mumbai. Established in 1856 it is one of the oldest colleges of the University of Mumbai. It was exalted as a prestigious seat of learning during the British Raj and is generally observed for its vibrant alumni. It is reputed for producing several luminaries like Dr. Bhim Rao Ambedkar Bal Gangadhar Tilak Pherozshah Mehta and Jamshedji Tata.
 Colvin Taluqdars' College (Hindi: कॉल्विन तालुक़दार कॉलेज Urdu: کولون تعلقدار کالج‎) in Lucknow is one of the oldest public schools in India.
 St Joseph's College (formerly St Joseph's Convent School) is a coeducational independent day school in Reading Berkshire England. In September 2010 it changed its name to St Joseph's College to reflect the move into co-education. The junior section is known as St Joseph's Preparatory School. It was a member of the Girls' Schools Association until the move into coeducation. The head is now a member of the Society of Headmasters & Headmistresses of Independent Schools.
 Access International Academy Ningbo is an International School in the Beilun District of Ningbo China offering educational programs from Nursery to Grade 12 to students of 28 nationalities. AIAN is the only international school in Ningbo accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) AIAN engages in academic discourse and collaborative activities with other accredited international schools throughout the world.
 Xavier High School in Cedar Rapids Iowa is the only Catholic high school in the Cedar Rapids metropolitan area. It is affiliated with twelve area Catholic parishes and the Archdiocese of Dubuque. Xavier opened in 1998 after two previous Catholic high schools Regis High School and LaSalle High School merged.
 MIP- Politecnico di Milano School of Management was born in 1979 out of the partnership between the Politecnico di Milano the largest technical university in Italy and some of the most important Italian and international multinationals.
 Monte Vista Christian School (also known as MVCS) is a private co-educational selective day and boarding school for young men and women in grades 6 through 12 offering a college-preparatory education in the Christian tradition and context. Founded in 1926 MVCS is fully accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) the Association of Christian Schools International (ACSI) and the Association of Christian Teachers and Schools (ACTS).
 The Institut National des Sciences Appliquées de Toulouse or INSA Toulouse is a Grande École d'Ingénieurs an engineering university under the authority of the French Ministry of Education and Research and part of the INSA's network. It is part of the University of Toulouse since 2007. INSA Toulouse's first mission is to train engineers 500 graduate each year.
 Willamina High School is a public high school in Willamina Oregon United States.
 Hugh Christie Technology College is a secondary school and sixth form based in Tonbridge Kent England. In November 2006 the school moved into a new £14 million pound building. The school currently has a roll of approximately 1150 students.Hugh Christie is part of the Tonbridge School Federation which includes Long Mead Primary School and Little Foxes Children's Centre. The Principal of the Federation is Mr Jon Barker while the Head of School is Mr Mark Fenn.
 Lakeland Union High School (LUHS) is an area high school located in Minocqua Wisconsin. The school serves students from Arbor Vitae Lac du Flambeau Minocqua and Manitowish Waters. The school district is roughly 820 square miles (2100 km2).
 Odessa University of Economics (ONEU Ukrainian: Одеський національний економічний університет) is one of the leading and oldest Economics Universities of Ukraine. It was founded in June 1921.Nowadays University consists of 6 campuses and 3 hostels located in the downtown of Odessa. In 2011 the university was afforded the status of 'national university'.
 Mechanicsburg Area Senior High is a secondary school located on 500 South Broad Street in the borough of Mechanicsburg west of Harrisburg Pennsylvania. The school is part of the Mechanicsburg Area School District.
 Stivers School for the Arts is a magnet school in the Dayton City Schools in Dayton Ohio USA located in the St. Anne's Hill Historic District neighborhood. It is a public middle- and high school that focuses on education in the visual and performing arts. U.S. News and World Report ranked Stivers as being among America's best high schools.
 The University of New Hampshire (UNH) is a public research university in the University System of New Hampshire (USNH) in the United States. The main campus is in Durham New Hampshire in the Seacoast region of the state. An additional campus is located in Manchester and the University of New Hampshire School of Law is located in Concord. The law school is renowned for its intellectual property law programs consistently ranking in the top ten of U.S.
 Buckingham Browne & Nichols School often referred to as BB&N is a private day school on three campuses in Cambridge Massachusetts educating students from pre-Kindergarten (called Beginners) to 12th grade. BB&N was established by the 1974 merger of two independent schools Buckingham School founded in 1889 and Browne & Nichols School founded in 1883. The Upper School grades 9-12 is located at 80 Gerry's Landing Road on the banks of the Charles River.
 Bachelor of Arts and Science (B.A.S. or B.A.&Sc. or B.A.Sc.) is an undergraduate bachelor's degree conferred by a small number of American universities and a fair number of universities in other English-speaking countries (including Canada and Australia). Generally to receive a B.A.S. degree a student would need to complete the general requirements for a bachelor degree and also the requirements for two different academic majors (or academic minors) — one that usually leads to a B.A.
 Lafayette High School is a public secondary school in James City County Virginia just outside the city limits of Williamsburg Virginia. It is part of Williamsburg-James City County Public Schools and is located at 4460 Longhill Road.
 Anishinabek Educational Institute (AEI) is an Aboriginal-owned and controlled post-secondary institution. Aboriginal institutes partner with colleges and universities to offer students degree programs apprenticeships certificate programs and diploma programs. AEI was founded to provide greater access to post-secondary education for Aboriginal peoples. AEI delivers post-secondary programs approved by the Ministry of Training Colleges and Universities.
 The Haynes Academy for Advanced Studies is a Magnet School in the Jefferson Parish School District in Metairie Louisiana. Haynes has been designated a Five Star School by the Louisiana State education agency. It was the first school in Louisiana to become a member of the National English Honor Society. Haynes has won ten national titles in the Math and Propaganda games and two overall National Championships. The Haynes Academy is named after Vernon C. Haynes a former principal of the school.
 What is now called Goulbourn Middle School started on September 3 1986. Prior to this date the school was known as Goulbourn Township Public School. The former school served Kindergarten to grade-eight students from the immediate area and the grade-six students from Munster and Richmond Public Schools. The former school was also designated the Late French Immersion (L.F.I.) Centre for all grade seven and eight students including those interested in the Program from A.
 Washington-Lee High School (often simply called W-L) is one of three traditional public high schools in the Arlington Public Schools district in Arlington Virginia covering grades 9-12. As of 2011 the school had over 2000 students and 120 teachers.
 Watkins Memorial High School is a public high school located in Etna Township Licking County Ohio. It is the only high school in the Southwest Licking School System which was formed in 1955 by the merger of Etna Kirkersville and Pataskala high schools. The school's nickname is the Warriors.The school was named in memory of Dr. Watkins who served the community for years.
 The Novitiate and College of Humanities of the Legionaries of Christ is a formation center dedicated to forming Priests for the Congregation. Members of the Legion of Christ spend their first 3 to 4 years after joining (or after high school if they entered a minor seminary) training for priestly ministry. It is divided into a 2-year Novitiate and 1 to 2 years of Classical Humanities.
 Clarence High School (CHS) is a well-known school in Bangalore East for both girls and boys. It is located in Richard's town in Bangalore and is for day scholars. It has classes from the preparatory level until the 12th grade and is in the ICSE syllabus.
 Vimala College is a Roman Catholic college in Thrissur City of Kerala state India. It was established in 1967 after bifurcating St. Mary's College Thrissur. The college is under the management of the Nirmala Province Thrissur of the Congregation of Mother Carmel in the Roman Catholic Church.The college is under the religious jurisdiction of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Archdiocese of Thrissur.
 Liceo Particular Cardenal Raúl Silva Henríquez (English: Cardenal Raúl Silva Henríquez Particular High School) is a Chilean high school located in Nancagua Colchagua Province Chile.
 LaGuardia Community College is a two-year community college located in the Hunters Point section of Long Island City in the New York City borough of Queens and is a component of the City University of New York. LaGuardia is named after former Congressman and New York mayor Fiorello H. LaGuardia. The college offers associate degrees in the arts sciences and applied sciences as well as continuing education programs.
 Chang'an University (Chinese: 长安大学; pinyin: Cháng'ān Dàxué) is a university located in Xi'an China. Chang'an is the ancient name of Xi'an which means Perpetual Peace in Classical Chinese. It is one of the State 211 Project key development universities and is directly under the administration of the Ministry of Education.
 Anna High School is a public high school in Anna Ohio. It is the only high school in the Anna Local Schools district which is predominately rural. Agriculture is a major occupation among district residents with many others working in factory production retail businesses and at the Honda Anna Engine Plant.
 Chelyabinsk Medical Academy is a university in Chelyabinsk Russia.
 Morris High School was a high school in the borough of the Bronx in New York City. It was built in 1897. It was the first high school built in the Bronx. Originally named Peter Cooper High School the name was changed to Morris High School to commemorate a famous Bronx landowner Gouverneur Morris one of the signers of the United States Constitution and credited as author of its Preamble.
 The Warsaw University of Life Sciences (Polish: Szkoła Główna Gospodarstwa Wiejskiego SGGW literally main school of rural economy) is the largest agricultural university in Poland. It was founded in 1816.
 The Zurich University of Applied Sciences (ZHAW; German: Zürcher Hochschule für Angewandte Wissenschaften) located in the city of Winterthur with facilities in Zurich and Wädenswil is the largest University of Applied Sciences in Switzerland and is part of the Zürcher Fachhochschule.Currently the university has eight schools covering architecture and civil engineering health linguistics life sciences and facility management applied psychology social work engineering and management and law.
 The School of International Service (SIS) is American University's school of advanced international study in the areas of international politics international communication international development international economic relations peace and conflict resolution global environmental politics and U.S. foreign policy.The School of International Service was created when AU's Hurst Anderson was urged by President Dwight D.
 Alton Convent School is an independent Catholic day school on the outskirts of Alton Hampshire. It has approximately 450 pupils of all faiths. Situated on a 19-acre (77000 m2) campus it educates children from 2 to 11 and girls aged 11 to 18.
 The Elizabethan Academy (formerly The Elizabethan High School) is a secondary school with academy status located in the Nottinghamshire market town of Retford England. It is situated to the north of Retford town centre to the east of the A638 on the side of the River Idle once known as West Retford.The academy has specialist status in Science and Mathematics.
 Girls and Boys Preparatory Academy (GBPA) is a 5-12 state charter primary and secondary school located in Greater Sharpstown Houston Texas.The school received its operating charter in 1995. It was one of the first 19 charter schools to ever open in the State of Texas.
 Clewiston High School in Clewiston Florida is one of two public high schools of the Hendry County Schools system. A small pre-kindergarten program is also operated at this school for the children of current CHS students.The student body is 52% female and 48% male. Minorities constitute 71% of the total enrollment of the school. The largest single ethnic group is Hispanic comprising 44% of the total.According to the U.S.
 John XXIII College is a Catholic co-educational school in Perth Western Australia. The school provides education from kindergarten to year twelve students.The college is the result of the merger in 1977 of the Jesuit Saint Louis boys school spread over different campuses (first opened in 1938) and Loreto Convent girls school (first opened in 1897). In 1986 the school was relocated to its present site in Mount Claremont.
 Wadham College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom. It is located in the centre of Oxford at the intersection of Broad Street and Parks Road.Wadham College was founded in 1610 by Dorothy Wadham according to the will of her late husband Nicholas Wadham a member of an ancient Somerset family. The central buildings a notable example of Jacobean architecture were designed by the architect William Arnold and erected between 1610 and 1613.
 Lord Selkirk Annex is a public school for grades k-4. It is located on the east side of Vancouver British Columbia. After grade 4 students will move to a school for grades k-7. Children who graduate from Selkirk Annex usually move to Lord Selkirk Elementary School. Selkirk annex was built in 1965 back then the school contained only 6 classrooms. Now the school has expanded and currently has 9 classrooms the highest population Selkirk Annex has ever reached was 189 students.
 King Edward VI Aston School is a selective all-boys' grammar school and specialist Sports College. The school designed by Birmingham architect J.A. Chatwin opened in 1883 and is still located on its original site in the Aston area of Birmingham England.The school is part of the Foundation of the Schools of King Edward VI which runs seven schools in Birmingham. Currently Aston has 750 boys with 250 of those in the Sixth Form.
 Piedmont Hills High School is a comprehensive public four-year high school located in the Berryessa neighborhood of San Jose California USA. It is part of the East Side Union High School District and is the second highest performing school in the district based on California's Academic Performance Index. It is currently a California Distinguished School and has received various awards in several aspects of its curriculum.
 Chandka Medical College (CMC) established on 20 April 1973. is a third public sector Medical College under Government of Sindh where more than 300 meritorius students of tagged districts including Larkana Qamber Shahdadkot District Shikarpur Jacobabad Kashmor and Naushahro Feroze get admission. It also provide post graduate training to doctors.
 Trident University International (TUI) is a regionally accredited for-profit university where all courses are delivered online. Trident University is a former branch campus of Touro College which was founded in 1970 in New York City New York. In 2010 TUI was purchased by Summit Partners and offers Bachelors Masters and Doctoral degree programs in Business Health Sciences Education and Information Systems.
 Congleton High School is an academy for boys and girls aged 11–18 with an engineering specialism situated on the edge of Congleton in Cheshire.
 The Burger School for Students with Autism was established in 1973 as the Developmental Learning Program. Burger School (pronounced Burjer School) is operated by the Garden City School District for the Wayne County Regional Educational Agency. It accepts students from preschool to high school from age 3 to 26 from 34 school districts in Wayne County Michigan.
 Green River Community College (GRCC) is a community college located in Auburn Washington USA. It has a student body of approximately 10000.
 Traill International School Bangkok is a school in Bang Kapi District Bangkok Thailand.Established in 1966 it has an enrollment of approximately 400 students ranging from Kindergarten to Year 13. The Standardised British National Curriculum (England Wales and Northern Ireland) is followed by all year groups in the school.
 Government High School Chotian is a boarding-cum-day school located in Chotian Lehragaga Sangrur district Punjab Run by Department of Education Punjab of Government of Punjab India This School is affiliated to Punjab School Education Board . School Covered under the Scheme of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan run by Indian Government . With SSA free text books and Midday Meal Scheme to all students . Official website [1]↑ ↑
 Union School is a private co-educational and non-sectarian Pre-K to 12 institution established in Haiti for the purpose of providing an American accredited program of studies in both English and French for students of all nationalities.Union School is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
 The National University of Food Technologies is a Ukrainian university located in Kiev the capital of Ukraine.
 The Commonwealth Governor's School (abbreviated CGS) is one of 18 magnet Governor's Schools in Virginia. The Commonwealth Governor's School is a half-day program based on a school-within-a-school model. The CGS program uses real-time interactive audio/visual broadcasts field trips and a family-like team environment to challenge students and instill lifelong habits such as leadership and academics.
 Pierrepont School Frensham originally known as Pierrepont House School was a private school in Surrey England with day pupils as well as boarders. Founded in 1947 as a school for boys it became co-educational in 1983 and closed in 1993.
 Agropolis International formerly called Agropolis is an association that was founded in 1986 by fr:Louis Malassis. It pools the scientific skills and expertise of the French Languedoc-Roussillon region in fields related to agriculture food biodiversity and environment.
 Established in 1918 Tallinn University of Technology (TUT) (Estonian: Tallinna Tehnikaülikool abbreviated TTÜ) is the only technical university in Estonia. TUT in the capital city of Tallinn is the nation’s leading academic institution in engineering business and public administration. TUT has colleges in Tallinn Tartu Kuressaare and Kohtla-Järve. Despite the similar names Tallinn University and Tallinn University of Technology are separate institutions.
 The Bangor Area School District is a midsized public school district located in Northampton County in eastern Pennsylvania. It covers approximately 87 square miles (230 km2) serving the Boroughs of Bangor East Bangor Portland and Roseto and Upper Mount Bethel Township Washington Township and most of Lower Mount Bethel Township in Northampton County Pennsylvania. Bangor Area School District serves a resident population of 21093.
 Highgate Wood School is a secondary school located in Crouch End in the North London borough of Haringey. It accommodates pupils aged 11–16 providing secondary education to 1368 pupils. The school also has a sixth form (ages 16–18). It has partnerships with Sport England the Haymarket Theatre and the British Council through the International Schools Award scheme.
 Pretoria High School for Girls also called Girls High or PHSG is a public fee charging English medium high school for girls located in Hatfield Pretoria Gauteng South Africa. It is the sister school to Pretoria Boys High School.
 Spokane Falls Community College part of the Community Colleges of Spokane opened in 1967 in west Spokane south of Riverside State Park on a 113-acre (0.46 km2) campus.SFCC offers programs for students seeking an associate degree with some 66 percent of SFCC students preparing to transfer to four-year institutions.
 Yangchenphug Higher Secondary School ( Dzongkha : དབྱངས་ཅན་ཕུག་འབྲིང་རིམ་སློབ་གྲྭ་གོང་མ ) is a Government co-educational school in Thimphu Bhutan for classes IX-XII. It was founded in 1965 by the third King His Majesty Jigme Dorji Wangchuck.
 Steubenville High School is a public high school in Steubenville Ohio. It is the only public high school in the Steubenville City Schools District. The school is commonly known by the name of its mascot Big Red.
 England High School is an accredited comprehensive public high school located in the rural community of England Arkansas United States. The school provides secondary education for approximately 350 students each year in grades 7 through 12. It is one of four public high schools in Lonoke County Arkansas and the only high school administered by the England School District.
 Fresno Pacific University (originally Pacific Bible Institute) also known as FPU is an accredited Christian university located in Fresno California United States. It was founded in 1944 by the Pacific District Conference of Mennonite Brethren Churches. The university awarded its first Bachelor of Arts degree in 1965. The first master's degree program was introduced in 1975.
 Torrens Valley Christian School is a non-denominational christian school providing a distinctive christian environment to approximately 600 reception to year 12 students. The school is situated in Hope Valley South Australia.
 Sekolah Menengah Sains Sultan Iskandar (English: Sultan Iskandar Science Secondary School) or ISKANDAR is a fully residential schools (Sekolah Berasrama Penuh) in the state of Johor Malaysia. Established in 2003 and formerly known as Sekolah Berasrama Penuh Integrasi Mersing before being renamed to current name in 2006. The school is widely known as ISKANDAR and the students bears the name Iskandar.
 St Margaret's School is an independent boarding and day school for girls aged 4–18 in Bushey Hertfordshire.As well as day places for all age groups the school offers a range of flexible boarding options for both UK and international pupils from year 7 (age 11) and is situated in 74 acres (300000 m2) of countryside close to London.
 Memphis University School (MUS) is a college-preparatory independent day school for boys grades 7–12 located in Memphis Tennessee.
 Immaculate Conception School (ICS) was a Catholic private day school in Secaucus New Jersey. The school teaches grades Pre-K through 8th grade. Immaculate Conception School is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools. The school's last principal was Beverly Trotte. The school closed in June 2009.As of the 2005-06 school year the school had an enrollment of 164 students and 9.8 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis) for a student–teacher ratio of 16.7.
 Kidderminster College is a post 16 Comprehensive College in Kidderminster England providing full- and part-time adult education. In 2009 around 140 pupils aged 14 to 18 from other local schools were also following vocational courses at the college. In 2003 the college moved from the Hoo Road site to its new town centre campus and also operates outreach centres around Kidderminster and the surrounding Wyre Forest area.
 The Gordon School is a coeducational independent school located in East Providence Rhode Island. Students are educated from nursery through eighth grade. It is located on a 12-acre (49000 m2) site.
 The Chattooga County School District is a public school district in Chattooga County Georgia USA based in Summerville Georgia. It serves the communities of Lyerly Menlo Summerville and Trion Georgia.
 Notre Dame of Cotabato Inc. is a Catholic private school founded in 1945 by the Oblate Fathers (OMI) and currently administered by the Marist Brothers.
 Chalk Hill Middle School in Monroe Connecticut was a middle school for grades five and six although the school housed grades 6-8 for many years until the newer Jockey Hollow School was opened. . The school closed after the 2010-11 academic year; the building was transferred to the town.
 Mount Juliet High School is located in Mount Juliet Tennessee. The principal is Mel Brown. The high school moved from its previous building on Mt. Juliet Road to a new one located at 1800 Curd Road in Mt. Juliet on August 11 2008.The school slogan is Bear Pride Mount Juliet High.
 Sir George Williams University is a former university that was located in Montreal Quebec Canada. It merged with Loyola College to create Concordia University on August 24 1974.
 Manti High School is a public high school located in Manti Utah United States and is part of the South Sanpete School District. Students from Manti Ephraim and Sterling attend the school.
 Holy Infant Montessori Center (HIMC) is a private institutional facility of Filipino basic education situated in Caloocan City in Philippines.
 Vancouver Film School (VFS) is a private entertainment arts school located in Vancouver British Columbia Canada. Founded in 1987 it has achieved international recognition. The Vancouver Film School has campus locations around Downtown Vancouver and comprises six buildings. As part of the school's 20th anniversary in 2007 in August 2006 one million dollars was set aside in scholarships for new students.
 C. M. Rice Middle School is a public secondary school within the Plano Independent School District. Sixth through eighth graders attend feeding from Andrews Elementary Skaggs Elementary and Wyatt Elementary Schools. Rice along with Robinson Middle School and Schimelpfenig Middle School feed into Jasper High School (Grades 9-10) and then Plano West High School (Grades 11-12).
 William Carey University is a private Christian liberal arts college located in Hattiesburg Mississippi in the United States affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention and the Mississippi Baptist Convention. The main campus is located in Hattiesburg Mississippi with a second campus located in the Tradition community north of Biloxi Mississippi. William Carey University was founded by W. I. Thames in 1892 as Pearl River Boarding School in Poplarville Mississippi.
 Ansar English School is a private school run by Ansari Charitable Trust (a non-profit charitable organization) located in Perumpilavu Thrissur district Kerala India. The school founded in 1983 has 4000+ students. Ansar English school is affiliated with the CBSE New Delhi
 Chandlings School is an independent co-educational preparatory school at Bagley Wood near Kennington a village south of Oxford. Prior to 2007 it was known as Chandlings Manor School.The school was inspected by the Independent Schools Inspectorate in November 2006 with the conclusion that it provides a well-integrated broad and stimulating education for its pupils.
 Western Nebraska Community College (WNCC) is a community college in Scottsbluff Nebraska. Its athletics teams are known as the Cougars.WNCC was previously known as Scottsbluff Junior College Scotts Bluff County College and Nebraska Western College.WNCC also has two other campuses in Sidney Nebraska and Alliance Nebraska.
 Chetwynd Secondary School (or CSS) is a public high school in Chetwynd British Columbia Canada. CSS is operated by School District 59 Peace River South and is the designated secondary school for the three local primary schools in Chetwynd. The school building is attached to Windrem Elementary School and shares French Immersion teachers with that school. Dual credit courses are offered in partnership with Northern Lights College.
 Comillas Pontifical University (Spanish: Universidad Pontificia Comillas) is a private university located in Madrid Spain.
 The College of Science at Virginia Tech contains academic programs in biology chemistry economics geosciences mathematics physics psychology and statistics. In 2010-11 the College of Science consisted of 339 faculty members and 4370 students. The college was established in July 2003 after university restructuring split the College of Arts and Sciences established in 1963 into two distinct colleges.
 Northridge High School is located in rural northwestern Licking County Ohio and serves several townships in that part of the county as well as a part of southern Knox County Ohio. It has a USPS address of Johnstown Ohio although it is about five miles northeast of that town.The original High School is now Alexandria Elementary. After moving from the current elementary the High School was moved to what is now the current middle school building.
 Bishop of Llandaff Church in Wales High School (Welsh: Ysgol Uwchradd yr Eglwys yng Nghymru Esgob Llandaf) is a Church in Wales Christian faith comprehensive school in the Llandaff area of Cardiff WalesIt takes both male and female students aged 11 to 18 from Cardiff and surrounding areas such as Vale of Glamorgan Pontypridd and Bridgend.
 Matthew Arnold School is a comprehensive secondary coeducational school for pupils aged 11 to 18 with specialist status in science and mathematics. It is located just west of Oxford near Cumnor Hill and Botley and is named after 19th-century poet Matthew Arnold.The school contains around 1300 pupils from years 7 to 13. Its 2008 OfSTED Report noted that Matthew Arnold is a good school with an outstanding sixth form.In 2008 Matthew Arnold School had its best ever examination results.
 Dayanand Anglo Vedic Public School Nerul (Hindi: डायानंद आंग्लो वैदिक) (DAV Nerul) is a self funded private school located in Nerul Navi Mumbai. The School is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) [Affiliation code: 1130067] New Delhi and belongs to the Dayanand Anglo Vedic College Trust & Management Society which owns more than 600 educational institutes in India and abroad. The trust was established in 1885 inspired by the ideas of Maharishi Dayanand Saraswati.
 Saint Louis University Madrid Campus is the Spanish branch of Saint Louis University an American Jesuit university founded in 1818. The Madrid campus began as a study abroad program of Saint Louis University in the 1960s and received official recognition as a university in Spain in 1996.
 Crookhorn College is a coeducational foundation secondary school located in Waterlooville in the English county of Hampshire.It is administered by Hampshire County Council which coordinates the schools admissions. Previously known as Crookhorn School it gained specialist Technology College status and was renamed Crookhorn College of Technology.
 The Putney School is an independent high school in Putney Vermont. It was founded in 1935 by Carmelita Hinton on the principles of the Progressive Education movement and the teachings of its principal exponent John Dewey. It is a co-educational college-preparatory boarding school with a day-student component located 12 miles (19 km) outside of Brattleboro Vermont. Emily Jones is the director.
 Zhengzhou College of Economics (Chinese: 郑州经济专修学院; pinyin: Zhèngzhōu Jīngjì Zhuānxiū Xuéyuàn) is a progressive privately held business university situated within the Northern University City of Zhengzhou Henan Province of the People’s Republic of China. It is authorized by the Educational Department of Henan Province.
 Evans Middle School (formerly O.P. Evans Jr. High School) was founded as the first junior high school in Coweta County Georgia and was built in 1973. It was soon followed by Madras Junior High School. Notable people who attended O.P. Evans include:Alan JacksonEllis ArnallLewis GrizzardCindy Rodeo SteedleEvans is known for its odd location which is 700 feet from Newnan Hospital and 540 feet from the Coweta County Prison.
 UNSW Residential Communities (UNSWRC) manages the student accommodation portfolio at the University of New South Wales (UNSW) in Kensington Sydney Australia under the Division of Student Services.
 Shafter High School is a public high school in Shafter California United States a city north of Bakersfield California and south of Fresno California.
 Tulare Western High School is a public school for secondary education in Tulare California USA. The school's mascot is the Mustangs. This high school is part of the Tulare Joint Union High School District along with Tulare Union High School and Mission Oak High School headquartered in Tulare with Sarah Koligian as District Superintendent.Tulare Western was established in 1959. Its principal is Lucy Van Scyoc who was appointed in May 2009. Campus capacity for students is just over 2000.
 Medaille College is a private liberal arts college located in the historic Olmsted Crescent of Buffalo New York that draws extensively from the Western New York and Southern Ontario regions. It is a private nonsectarian co-educational institution.
 Monad University is located in Hapur Uttar Pradesh.It is a private University.
 Ridgefield Christian School (RCS) is a private non-denominational Christian school in Jonesboro Arkansas United States. The school provides Christ-centered education to more than 250 students in prekindergarten through grade 12.
 The University of Nebraska–Lincoln (commonly referred to as Nebraska UNL or NU) is a public research university located in Lincoln Nebraska United States. It is the state's oldest and largest university and the flagship university of the University of Nebraska system.The university was chartered by the legislature in 1869 as a land-grant university under the 1862 Morrill Act two years after Nebraska's statehood into the United States.
 Honder College of Inner Mongolia Normal University is an independent college currently offering twenty different majors.
 Seabreeze High School is a high school located in Daytona Beach Florida. The school has been named a Blue Ribbon School of Excellence.
 John Hancock College Preparatory High School (commonly known as Hancock High School) is a public 4-year high school located in the West Elsdon neighborhood on the southwest side of Chicago Illinois USA. It is named for American Revolution patriot and statesman John Hancock. The school is a part of the Chicago Public Schools. Hancock opened as an elementary school in 1999. The school sport teams are known as 'Eagles'.
 The Telfair County School District is a public school district in Telfair County Georgia USA based in McRae Georgia. It serves the communities of Helena Jacksonville Lumber City McRae Milan and Scotland Georgia.
 Forest Hill College is a co-educational state secondary college in Burwood East Victoria Australia.
 Gandhi Faiz-E-Aam (Post Graduate) College Shahjahanpur is an Multi-streamed college in India.The college was founded in 1947. It was started with the object of imparting modern education to the students in a manner that conserves their religion language script and culture. The college is owned and managed by Muslim Educational Society Shahjahanpur a charitable religious. societyThis institution is situated in Shahjahanpur a district of Uttar Pradesh in the Lucknow division.
 Serlby Park Academy is a 3-18 all-through school serving the twin villages of Bircotes and Harworth in north Nottinghamshire. The school was established in September 2005 as a result of the amalgamation of 3 schools Bircotes and Harworth Community School (secondary) North Border Junior School and North Border Infant School. The school currently operates on three sites but is in the process of planning a new building on the site of the former secondary school.
 Colegio Rosa Bell is a private co-educational school located in the Torrimar area in Guaynabo Puerto Rico.The school is accredited by the Puerto Rico Department of Education and the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools and holds membership in the Asociación Privada de Puerto Rico CITA and the College Board.
 Sher-e-Bangla Nagar Government Boys' High School is a public secondary school located in Agargaon Dhaka Bangladesh. Established in 1969[citation needed] Sher-e-Bangla Nagar is one of the oldest schools in Dhaka. In addition to its high school curriculum the school started college level education in 2008.[citation needed]The school is ranked in Group B since the overall quality facilities and performance of this school is rated better than average.The school is used as a polling station.
 Westminster Abbey Choir School is a boarding preparatory school for boys in Westminster London and the only remaining choir school in the United Kingdom which exclusively educates choristers. It is located in Dean's Yard by Westminster Abbey. It educates about 30 boys aged 8–13 who sing in the Choir of Westminster Abbey which takes part in state and national occasions as well as singing evensong everyday (except Wednesday) and gives concert performances around the world.
 Mount Carmel College of Baler (Kolehiyong Monte Carmelo ng Baler in Filipino) commonly referred to as MCC Baler is the oldest Catholic school in the Philippine province of Aurora. It was founded in 1948 by the American Carmelites who were invited by Doña Aurora Aragon-Quezon (1888-1949) former First Lady of the Philippines (1935-1944) wife of the late Philippine Commonwealth President Manuel Luis Quezon to build a Catholic mission school in the town of Baler.
 Rajakeeya Maha Vidyalaya Telijjawila (Sinhala: රාජකීය මහ විද්‍යාලය තෙලිජ්ජවිල; English: Royal Central College Telijjawila also known as Royal College Telijjawila or Telijjawila Royal College) is a provincial school in Telijjawila near Matara Sri Lanka.The first principal of the girls' section was Mrs. Lilie Samawathie Abeysekara while the boys' section principal was Mr. Don Robert Dharmawardana. With utmost care and the hard labour of the then principal Mr. P.B.
 Poolesville High School is a public high school located in Poolesville Maryland. It is home to a Global Ecology Studies Program; a Science Math Computer Science Program and a Humanities Program. It is also currently the number one school in the state of Maryland as rated by Newsweek Magazine.
 Nailsea School located in Nailsea North Somerset England is a mixed secondary school and sixth form. It has Technology and Media Arts College specialist school status and is an academy.Nailsea School was opened in 1959 as a grammar school with just over 90 students. In 1966 the school became a Secondary Comprehensive catering for students from 11 to 18 yearsIn 2006 the school population was more than 1350 with a planned admission number of 240 students per year.
 University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine is a school of dentistry located at the UConn Health Center in Farmington Connecticut United States. The school is often placed highly in national rankings and was ranked #1 by the National Board Dental Examiners in 2001 based on the board scores of students.
 The Beuth Hochschule für Technik Berlin (German literally Beuth University of Applied Sciences for Engineering) also: Beuth Hochschule or BHT Berlin ( formerly known as Technische Fachhochschule Berlin) is the second largest University of Applied Sciences in Berlin Germany. It has almost 10000 students studying in more than 70 courses and around 290 professors.
 St. Mary's College is a secondary school in Clady County Londonderry Northern Ireland.
 T. L. Hanna High School is currently located at 2600 Highway 81 North outside the city limits of Anderson SC. It is one of two high schools in Anderson School District 5 and has a population of nearly 1800 students. In 1989 the school was named Palmetto's Finest by the South Carolina Department of Education. In 2000 Hanna was named a National Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education. In 2014 U.S. News & World Report named T.L.
 The University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology (UMIST) was a university based in the centre of the city of Manchester in England. It specialised in technical and scientific subjects and was a major centre for research.
 Southern University Law Center a campus of the Southern University System opened for instruction in September 1947. Its concept was born out of a response of a lawsuit by an African American resident Charles J. Hatfield III seeking to attend law school at a state institution. On December 16 1946 Louisiana State Board of Education took steps to establish a Law School for blacks at Southern University to be in operation for the 1947-1948 session.
 The Grove City Area School District is a small rural public school district serving south eastern region of Mercer County Pennsylvania. It encompasses the communities of Grove City Pine Township Wolf Creek Township Springfield Township and Liberty Township. Grove City Area School District encompasses approximately 92 square miles (240 km2). According to 2000 federal census data it served a resident population of 16494. By 2010 the district's population was 17687 people.
 The Bethlehem Area School District covers the City of Bethlehem the Boroughs of Fountain Hill and Freemansburg and Bethlehem Township and Hanover Township in Lehigh County and Northampton County. The district operates two High Schools four Middle Schools and sixteen Elementary Schools as well as other educational institutions. The enrollment of the school district is 15036 with 55% White 9.5% Black 32.3% Hispanic 3.1% Asian and 0.2% Native American.
 Silverthorn Collegiate Institute (SCI Silverthorn) is a high school located in the west end of Toronto. It is under the sanction of the Toronto District School Board (the successor to the former Etobicoke Board of Education). The name comes from the The Silverthorn Woods that borders to the south and the west . This was the northern limit of an old property known locally as The Silverthorn Mill Farm.
 Gadsden State Community College is a two-year institution of higher learning located in Gadsden Anniston and Centre Alabama. The college's service area includes Calhoun Cherokee Cleburne Etowah and parts of St. Clair counties. The college experienced some turmoil in 2013 when the vast majority of faculty and staff voted no confidence in the college president Ray Staats. Two months after the vote he was placed on leave and an interim president appointed.
 Zephyrhills High School is a high school in Zephyrhills Florida United States. Steve Van Gorden also mayor of Zephyrhills was once principal here.
 Raritan Valley Community College (RVCC) is an accredited coeducational two-year public community college located in North Branch (within Branchburg Township) New Jersey.
 The Farrell Area School District is a diminutive rural public school district serving parts of Mercer County Pennsylvania. Farrell Area School District encompasses approximately 3 square miles (7.8 km2) including: the communities of Farrell and Wheatland both of which are adjacent to the much larger Sharon Pennsylvania. According to 2000 federal census data it serves a resident population of 6798. By 2010 the District's population declined to 5739 people.
 Unicorn College is a private institution located in Prague Czech republic. It offers bachelor's degree education in information and communication technologies economics and management . All programmes are available in Czech and English.Unicorn College received state approval and accreditation of study programs at the end of 2006.
 Frederick High School (FHS) is a four-year public high school in Frederick MD Frederick County Maryland United States. A National Blue Ribbon School of Excellence Frederick High is the oldest school in Frederick County the school’s diverse population reflects its surrounding dynamic community.Frederick High School began in 1891 with girls and boys attending school in different buildings and matriculation occurring after three years. The current facility opened in 1939..
 The Glen High School is a public English medium co-ed high school located in Waterkloof Glen Pretoria in the Gauteng province of South Africa. The school has around 1000 pupils.The school grounds also includes a second campus which is opposite the school on the main side which has been set aside for development.
 Knox Community High School is the only high school in Knox Indiana. Knox is located centrally in Starke County in the northwest/north central part of the state.
 The Southwest Recreation Center is one of three athletic facilities at the University of Florida with services available to students alumni and faculty members.
 The School of the Art Institute of Chicago (SAIC) is one of America's largest accredited independent schools of art and design located in the Loop in Chicago Illinois. It is associated with the museum of the same name and The Art Institute of Chicago or Chicago Art Institute often refers to either entity. Providing degrees at the undergraduate and graduate levels SAIC has been recognized by U.S.
 The N. A. Rimsky-Korsakov Saint Petersburg State Conservatory (Russian: Санкт-Петербургская государственная консерватория имени Н. А. Римского-Корсакова) is a music school in Saint Petersburg. In 2004 the conservatory had around 275 faculty members and 1400 students.
 The University of Wisconsin–Marathon County (UWMC) one of the University of Wisconsin Colleges is a two-year campus of the University of Wisconsin System. It is located near downtown Wausau Wisconsin United States and adjacent to 78-acre (32 ha) Marathon Park.UWMC's campus consists of six buildings: the main building the fieldhouse the ceramics/pottery building the art building Marathon Hall (residence hall) and the Center for Civic Engagement.
 Scranton State School for the Deaf was a residential school for the deaf established in 1880 in Scranton Pennsylvania United States. Its students ranged in age from 3 to 18. At the end of the 2008-09 school year the school was turned over from state management to the Western Pennsylvania School for the Deaf. The new school was renamed Scranton School for Deaf and Hard-of-Hearing Children.
 The Hewitt School is an independent K-12 girls school in New York City New York.The school serves girls from Kindergarten through 12th Grade in three divisions: Lower School (K-3) Middle School (4-8) and Upper School (9-12).
 The Mifflinburg Area School District is a small rural public school district serving western Union County Pennsylvania. Centered on the borough of Mifflinburg it also serves Buffalo Township New Berlin Limestone Township West Buffalo Township Lewis Township Hartleton and Hartley Township. Mifflinburg Area School District encompasses approximately 217 square miles (560 km2). According to 2000 federal census data the District served a resident population of 17867.
 Al-Sharafiyah Madrasa (Arabic: المدرسة الشرفية‎) is a madrasah complex located to the northeast of the Great Mosque of the Ancient city of Aleppo Syria. It was founded by 'Abd al-Rahim ibn al-'Ajami and his son Sharaf al-Din 'Abdul Rahman. A waqf was instituted for the madrasa in 1242 the year of its completion. The building is rectangular with the elaborately ornamented entrance portal situated in the middle of the western side.
 The University of Santo Tomas College of Nursing popularly known as UST Nursing is the nursing school of the University of Santo Tomas the oldest and the largest Catholic university in Manila Philippines.Established in 1946 the college is the first College of Nursing in the Philippines. It is proclaimed to be a Center of Excellence by the Commission on Higher Education and a consistent Top Performing Nursing School in the Philippine Nursing Licensure Examinations.
 Horwang School (Thai: โรงเรียนหอวัง) is a state school located in Bangkok Thailand.
 The Scots PGC College is an independent co-educational Uniting Church day and boarding school located in Warwick Queensland Australia. The College currently caters for approximately 450 international and Australian students from Prep to year 12 including 180 boarders.Located on two campuses the College is currently divided into three age-based 'Learning Precincts' - a Junior School a Middle School and a Senior School.
 Old Colony Regional Vocational Technical High School or Old Colony Regional Vocational Technical High School District is located on an 80-acre campus in Rochester Massachusetts the geographical center of the five-member town school district that includes Acushnet Carver Mattapoisett Rochester and students from Freetown & Lakeville Public Schools. Note that Lakeville is a member is a member town while Freetown is not and its students served are limited to around 90.
 Aditya College was established in the year 2007 and is situated in the historic city of Gwalior Madhya Pradesh. It is one among the foremost institutes of importance in higher education. The College is known not only for its academic programmes but also for projects usually not found in the institutions of the region.The Institute is affiliated to Jiwaji University Gwalior and has four academic departments: Commerce Management Computer Science & Tourism.
 The University of Central Lancashire (abbreviated UCLan) is a public university based in Preston Lancashire England. It has its roots in The Institution For The Diffusion Of Useful Knowledge founded in 1828. Subsequently known as Harris Art College then Preston Polytechnic then Lancashire Polytechnic in 1992 it was granted university status by the Privy Council. The university is the eighth largest in the UK in terms of student numbers.
 Bogota Jr./Sr. High School is a comprehensive public high school that serves students in seventh through twelfth grade from Bogota in Bergen County New Jersey United States operating as part of the Bogota Public Schools. There are several activities the students engage in from sports to clubs.As of the 2010-11 school year the school had an enrollment of 571 students and 39.6 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis) for a student–teacher ratio of 14.42:1.
 Murrieta Mesa High School (MMHS) is a comprehensive four-year high school located in Murrieta California. It is operated by the Murrieta Valley Unified School District. The school opened in 2009 to keep up with population growth in Murrieta. The first graduating class was the class of 2012. The school derives its name from the mesa it sits on identified in an 1884 surveyor's map of the valley.
 Coastal Christian School is a non-denominational private school that teachers Kindergarten through 12th grade. The school is temporarily housed at Landmark Missionary Baptist Church on Farroll Avenue in Arroyo Grande California. Plans are underway to build a new permanent campus in the Oak Park area of the city.
 St. Jarlath's College (Coláiste Iarfhlatha in Irish) is a Roman Catholic secondary school for boys in Tuam County Galway Ireland. It is an amalgamation of the former St. Jarlath's College and St. Patrick's College both diocesan colleges of the Archdiocese of Tuam.The College was named after Jarlath or Iarlaith who founded a monastery in the town when as legend has it his chariot wheel broke.
 Coleg Gwent (English: Gwent College) is Wales' largest further education college at various locations in the former county of Gwent South Wales.It has 24000 students ranging from secondary school leavers to mature students. A wide range of part-time and full-time academic and vocational courses are on offer at the college.
 The Cégep régional de Lanaudière is a Cégep made up of three constituent colleges in Joliette L'Assomption and Terrebonne located in Québec Canada.As of Early 2014 there are over 2 500 students at the Joliette constituent college and over 1 700 at the L’Assomption and Terrebonne constituent colleges respectively.
 Central Arizona College (CAC) is a public community college located in Coolidge Arizona. CAC as the school is commonly known serves the population of Pinal County.
 The German University of Administrative Sciences Speyer (Speyer University; German: Deutsche Universität für Verwaltungswissenschaften Speyer DHV; formerly known as German School of Administrative Sciences) is a national graduate school for administrative sciences and public management located in Speyer Rhineland-Palatinate Germany.
 Vivekananda Degree College (also known as Vivekananda College of Arts Science & Commerce or VC Puttur) is located in the locality of Nehru Nagar about 3 km north-east to the center of the city of Puttur in Karnataka state India. This college is run by Vivekananda Vidyavardhaka Sangha Puttur (VVS).The college is accredited at 'A' by National Assessment and Accreditation Council.The college totally has around 2000 students and 100 faculty members in various disciplines.
 Neshaminy High School is a large public high school in Langhorne Pennsylvania located on Old Lincoln Highway.
 Moses Brown School is a Quaker school located in Providence Rhode Island founded by Moses Brown a Quaker abolitionist in 1784. It is one of the oldest preparatory schools in the US.
 Brookvale High School opened 1975 is a mixed middle school school in the village of Groby in Leicestershire England providing education for students aged 11–14. It shares a large campus with Groby Community College which takes pupils from 14-19. Its main intake comes from partner schools in Groby and the nearby villages of Ratby Kirby Muxloe and Newtown Linford though it accepts other pupils subject to availability of places.
 State College Area High School is a public high school in State College Pennsylvania United States. It is the only public high school in the State College Area School District and is located within walking distance of Penn State University.
 Hadley Learning Community is a school located on Crescent Road and Waterloo Road Hadley Telford. The school is a specialist Engineering College. Its secondary phase was opened on 1 September 2006 and the primary and special schools were opened later in January as were more of the facilities used in the building. The principal is Dr. Gill Eatough and the school was part of £70 million PFI project.
 Emirates Future International Academy (EFIA) is a school in Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates. The school is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education of India. EFIA was established in 2008. EFIA is a sister concern of The Wisdom High School and Al Maali Private School. The School had opened after the closing of The Wisdom High School. The School has 2900 students and 160 teachers approximately. The Chairman of the School owns and runs a restaurant French Fried Chicken(FFC).
 Kerala Agricultural University (KAU) is the primary and the principal instrumentality of the Kerala state in providing human resources and skills and technology required for the sustainable development of its agriculture defined broadly encompassing all production activities based on land and water including crop production (agriculture) forestry and fisheries through conducting interfacing and integrating education research and extension in these spheres of economic endeavour.
 Mount Saint Joseph Academy commonly called The Mount in Flourtown Pennsylvania is a Philadelphia-area all-female catholic college preparatory school. It was founded in 1858 by the Sisters of Saint Joseph. The academy was originally located in Philadelphia on the grounds of what is now Chestnut Hill College. Originally a boarding school the academy began accepting day students in 1911.
 York College of The City University of New York is one of eleven senior colleges in the City University of New York (CUNY) system. It is located in Jamaica Queens in New York City. Founded in 1966 York was the first senior college founded under the newly formed CUNY system which united several previously independent public colleges into a single public university system in 1961.
 Hastings College is a private undergraduate four-year residential liberal arts college in Hastings Nebraska USA.
 Discovery New School was a co-educational Montessori free school for pupils aged 4 to 10 located in Crawley West Sussex. The school opened in September 2011 as one of the first free schools in the country and also the first Montessori free school. The school was funded directly by central government and had a planned intake of 16 pupils per year.
 La Vernia High School is a 3A public high school located in La Vernia Texas (USA). It is part of the La Vernia Independent School District located in northern Wilson County. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Johnson County Community College (JCCC) is a 234-acre community college located in Overland Park Kansas at College Boulevard and Quivira Road. With more than 37000 credit and continuing education students JCCC is the largest undergraduate institution of higher education in the state of Kansas.
 Longton High School was a school in Longton and later Meir Staffordshire from 1760 to 2010.
 Nash Central High School is a Nash-Rocky Mount public high school located on the western edge of Rocky Mount North Carolina and a member of the Big East 3-A Athletic Conference.
 University College Birmingham is a university in Birmingham England.The university is located in central Birmingham and offers both vocational and academic education at both undergraduate and postgraduate level. The university specialises in the areas of hospitality and the culinary arts hairdressing and beauty tourism business enterprise marketing business management accounting finance events management sports management sports medicine sports therapy and Early Years education.
 Boston Latin Academy is a public exam school founded in 1877 in Boston Massachusetts providing students in grades 7th through 12th a rigorous classical preparatory education. Formerly named Girls' Latin School prior to 1977 the school was the first college preparatory high school for girls in the United States. Now coeducational the school is currently located in the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston and is part of the Boston Public School system.
 Vishnu Sree Institute of Technology (VSIT) is a technical college in Jalalpur village Bommalaramaram Nalgonda Andhra Pradesh India 25 km from ECIL Hyderabad. The college has a campus of 25 acres (100000 m2). VSIT is affiliated with Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad and is approved by the All India Council of Technical Education New Delhi. The institute was founded in 2008.The founder is Sri CH. Hanumantha Rao.
 Somerset Middle School is the junior high school located in Somerset Massachusetts United States. The school includes grades six through eight. Its athletic teams compete as the Blue Raiders.
 Kinkora Regional High School is a Canadian secondary school in Kinkora Prince Edward Island. It was the first rural high school in PEI. The school draws students from the communities of Borden-Carleton Bedeque Emerald Middleton and Kinkora.
 Northwest Florida State College is a state college in Niceville Florida and part of the Florida College System.NWFSC was founded in 1963 as Okaloosa-Walton Junior College with its campus in Valparaiso Florida; students started class the next year.
 The UCLA Anderson School of Management is one of eleven professional schools at the University of California Los Angeles. The school offers MBA (full-time part-time executive) and Ph.D. degrees.
 Lebanon Senior High School (LHS) houses grades nine through twelve for the Lebanon School District and is located in Lebanon Pennsylvania. The current building which also serves as district headquarters opened to students for the 1969-70 school year. The school with a unique architecture featuring three circular buildings underwent extensive renovations completed in early 2013. The school's mascot is the cedar tree.
 The Martin Luther Schule (MLS) is a secondary school (Gymnasium) with the main focus on the subject music. It is placed in Rimbach which is a village in the Weschnitztal. With its about 1600 students the MLS is one of the biggest schools in the Kreis Bergstraße. The school was founded in 1887.
 Martin Luther King Jr. Academy is a four year (9-12) alternative high school of the Gary Community School Corporation in Gary Indiana United States.
 Champlain Valley Union High School is a high school located in the town of Hinesburg Vermont. The school serves the communities of Charlotte Hinesburg Shelburne Williston and St. George. The enrollment for the 2007-2008 school year was 1388 students with 113 faculty.
 The Lal Bahadur Shastri College of Advanced Maritime Studies and Research also known as L.B.S. College of Advanced Maritime Studies and Research is a post-sea Maritime Education and Training Institute offering a range of courses for Merchant Navy Officers. The college was established by the Ministry of Transport Government of India in 1948.
 The Webster County School District is a public school district in Webster County Georgia USA based in Preston Georgia. It serves the communities of Preston and Weston Georgia.
 Roorkee College of Engineering Roorkee (or RCE) is a engineering college located at Roorkee Uttarakhand India.It is affiliated to Uttarakhand Technical University Dehradun and approved by All India Council for Technical Education(AICTE). The college is located at Roorkee on the Roorkee Haridwar Canal Road.
 R. Nelson Snider High School is a secondary school in the Fort Wayne Community Schools system serving the north central and northeast neighborhoods of Fort Wayne Indiana.
 The International School of Kabul (ISK) is a private co-educational K-12 school in Kabul Afghanistan. Founded in 2003 as Kabul International Academy (KIA) the International School of Kabul provides a college-prep level U.S. (English speaking) curriculum to the children of expatriate families within the international development community and to repatriated and resident Afghans. A gift from the U.S.
 Parsons College is a defunct American private liberal arts college located in Fairfield Iowa. The school was named for its wealthy benefactor Lewis B. Parsons Sr. and was founded in 1875 with one building and 34 students. Over the years new buildings were constructed as enrollment expanded. The school lost its accreditation in 1948 but regained it two years later. In 1955 the school appointed Millard G.
 Riverdale Collegiate Institute (also called Riverdale CI RCI or Riverdale) is a high school located at Toronto Ontario Canada owned and operated by the Toronto Board of Education until its merger in 1998 into the Toronto District School Board.
 Ripon High School is a public high school located in Ripon California at 301 N. Acacia Ave. The school averages around 930 students from grades 9-12. It is the only high school in the Ripon Unified School District. Colors are red and white. In 2006 Ripon High School became one of the first schools in California to install various video cameras around the school with a stream to the local police department.
 The Yanbian University of Science and Technology (simplified Chinese: 延边科技大学; traditional Chinese: 延邊科技大學; pinyin: yánbiān kējì Dàxué Hangul: 연대과학기술대학; hanja: 延邊科技大學; RR: Yeondae Gwahak Gisul Daehak) or YUST is colloquially known as Yankeda (延科大 yánkēdà). It is a research university in the city of Yanji Jilin Province China. Yanbian University of Science and Technology is the first Chinese joint-venture university in the Yanbian Autonomous Prefecture.
 University of Extremadura (in Spanish: Universidad de Extremadura) is a Spanish public university in Extremadura (Badajoz and Cáceres).It was founded in 1973 by Decree 991/1973 May 10 (BOE May 18th) of the Ministry of Education and Science of Spain.Together with the University of Cantabria Castilla-La Mancha Balearic Islands La Rioja Navarra Oviedo Zaragoza and the Basque Country form the Group 9 of Universities.
 P.E.Society English Medium High School and Junior College(PES) is a school in Thane a suburb near Mumbai in India operated by the People's Education Society. It is located near The Hume Pipe.
 School of Visual Arts (SVA) is an art and design college located in Manhattan New York founded in 1947. The college is a member of the Association of Independent Colleges of Art and Design a consortium of 36 leading art schools in the United States.SVA offers 11 undergraduate and 22 graduate degree programs and is accredited by the Commission on Higher Education of the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools and the National Association of Schools of Art and Design.
 Colegio La República (English: La República School) is a Chilean high school located in Rancagua Cachapoal Province Chile.As of 2012 the principal of Colegio La República is Juan Antonio Gutiérrez Espinoza. In that school year La República had 713 students. The president of the parents' center (centro de padres y apoderados) is Roberto Torres and in its 2010–2011 term the president of the students' center (centro de alumnos) is Javiera Garrido Mella.
 Four Dwellings Academy (formerly Four Dwellings High School) is a coeducational secondary school with academy status located in the Quinton area of Birmingham England. It opened in 1940 on Quinton Road West. This part of the school is now used by other council departments including the Quinton Neighbourhood Office. The old Upper School building opened in 1954 on Dwellings Lane originally as the Four Dwellings Girls School with the boys school being situated in the older buildings.
 Rajalakshmi Engineering College (R.E.C) (Tamil: ராஜலட்சுமி பொறியியல் கல்லூரி) (Hindi: राजलक्ष्मी इंजीनियरिंग कॉलेज) is a recognized private technical co-educational engineering/management college located at Thandalam Sriperumbudur near Chennai Tamil Nadu India. The college was established in 1997 by the Rajalakshmi Educational Trust Rajalakshmi Institutions and has been approved by All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) New Delhi.
 Santa Maria Joint Union High School District operates four high schools (Delta Ernest Righetti Santa Maria and Pioneer Valley) located in Santa Maria California. Currently 7259 students are enrolled in this district.
 Gulf Indian High School is a CBSE affiliated school located in the Al Garhoud Area of Dubai.It is a senior secondary school with students from 3-17 where it is KG - 12.Students in 12th prepare for their All India Senior School Certificate Examination (AISSCE)as it is their senior and final year.The school is affiliated to the CBSE New Delhi. Dominated by discipline and well knit community assessed by the KHDA it came out with an 'Acceptable'
 Academy High School is a 2A public high school located in Little River Texas (USA). It is part of the Academy Independent School District located in southern Bell County.In 2009 the school was rated Recognized by the Texas Education Agency.
 Chaminade Julienne Catholic High School is a private co-educational center-city Catholic high school located in downtown Dayton in the U.S. state of Ohio owned and operated by the Society of Mary and the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur. It is named after Blessed William Joseph Chaminade and St. Julie Billiart.
 Rathkeale College is a state-integrated Anglican boys secondary school on the outskirts of Masterton New Zealand.
 Established in 2005 Sacred Heart Apostolic School (SHAS) is a private Roman Catholic boarding school for boys in grades seven through twelve who are considering a vocation to the priesthood also known as a minor seminary. It is located within the Diocese of Gary and sponsored by the Legionaries of Christ a religious congregation of the Roman Catholic Church. The school is in the north-central Indiana town of Rolling Prairie. It serves approximately 35-50 students.
 Hahira Middle School is a public school in the Lowndes County district Hahira Georgia United States. The grade range is sixth to eighth grade.
 International human rights law is the body of international law designed to promote and protect human rights at the international regional and domestic levels.
 Bohunt School is a secondary school with academy status located in the rural village of Liphook Hampshire. It is co-educational and takes children from age 11-16 and currently has over 1200 pupils enrolled. The school was opened in 1978 by Lady Madeleine Street of Liphook.
 Ashley Hall is an all-girls day school in downtown Charleston South Carolina. It was founded in 1909 by Mary Vardrine McBee who headed the institution for many years. It is the only girls college-preparatory school in the state. Originally accepting boarding students Ashley Hall transitioned to a day school in 1974. Students today number 650 strong and range in grade level from two-year-olds in pre-primary to graduating seniors.
 Founded in 1812 Lycoming College is located in Williamsport Pennsylvania. One of the 50 oldest colleges in America Lycoming enrolls 1400 undergraduate students from over 28 states and 12 foreign countries. Eighty percent of the college's students live on campus. Lycoming College is affiliated with the United Methodist Church but operates as an independent institution.The Carnegie Foundation has classified the College as a Baccalaureate College – Arts & Sciences.
 Gowerton School is a public secondary school located in the heart of Gowerton village near Swansea United Kingdom.
 St Catherine's School is a Catholic independent school for girls in Twickenham London. The school is next to the River Thames and about one kilometre from both Strawberry Hill and Twickenham railway stations.
 Carranballac College is a Prep to 12 government school on two campuses located in the western Melbourne suburb of Point Cook Victoria Australia. Both campuses are Foundation to 9 schools. The Boardwalk campus (Prep – Year 9) is situated on The corner of Foxwood Drive and Dunnings Road in Point Cook. The other campus is on Jamieson Way as the campus names suggests.
 CBM College of Arts and Science is located in Sakethpuri Kovaipudur Coimbatore India. The college is affiliated to Bharathiar University.
 Brindavan College of Engineering (also referred to as BrCE) is an engineering college in Bangalore Karnataka India. The college is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University Belgaum and approved by the AICTE New Delhi. BrCE offers a four-year graduate programme in engineering leading to the award of the degree Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.).
 École de technologie supérieure (ÉTS) is a public engineering school in Montreal Quebec Canada. Founded in 1974 the École de technologie supérieure is part of the Université du Québec system. Specialized in applied teaching in engineering and technology transfer to companies it teaches engineers and researchers who are recognized for their practical and innovative approach.
 The Paññāsāstra University of Cambodia (PUC) is a private university located in Phnom Penh Cambodia. It was originally established in 1997 and opened in 2000. It provides an English-based education in all subjects and is accredited by the Royal Government of Cambodia's Ministry of Education Youth and Sport.
 Red Cliffs Secondary College is a state-run co-educational high school located in Red Cliffs Victoria Australia. The college is the only Victorian state government run school in Sunraysia that offers a continuous education from year 7 through to year 12. There are currently 670 approx.
 Kimberley School is a secondary school with academy status located in Kimberley Nottinghamshire.
 The Ralph J. Bunche International Affairs Center is a research educational and professional development center for international affairs at Howard University in Washington D.C.. The center was founded in 1993 to serve as a resource center for students interested in pursuing careers in foreign affairs and to process subject-related inquiries from outside entities like government agencies NGOs corporations other universities and foreign embassies.
 Assumption University of Windsor Ontario Canada has a heritage reaching back to 1857 and is the parent of the University of Windsor administered by the Congregation of St. Basil the Basilian Fathers. It was known as Assumption College until changing its name in 1956.
 New College London (1850–1980) (sometimes known as New College St. John's Wood or New College Hampstead) was founded as a Congregationalist college in 1850.
 St Mary's School is an independent private South African boarding school for girls located in Waverley Johannesburg.Established in 1888 it is the oldest school in Johannesburg. It was founded by the Church of England by Rev. John Darragh who also founded its brother school St John's College in Houghton ten years later in 1898.[citation needed]St Mary's School writes the Independent Examinations Board exams.
 Nebraska College of Technical Agriculture is located in Curtis Nebraska. The college is a coed public associate college which is regionally accredited. It is primarily a commuter campus.
 The University of Houston Law Center is the law school of the University of Houston in Houston Texas. Founded in 1947 the Law Center is one of 12 colleges of the University of Houston a state university. It is accredited by the American Bar Association and is a member of the Association of American Law Schools. The law school's facilities are located on the university's 667-acre campus in southeast Houston.The Law Center awards the Juris Doctor (J.D.) and Master of Laws (LL.M.) degrees.
 The Birla Institute of Technology & Science Pilani (Hindi: बिरला प्रौद्योगिकी एवं विज्ञान संस्थान पिलानी; BITS Pilani) is an Indian institute of higher education and a deemed university under Section 3 of the UGC Act. The university has 15 academic departments and focuses primarily on undergraduate education in engineering and the sciences.The institute was established in its present form in 1964.
 Small Heath School is a secondary school on Waverley Road in Small Heath Birmingham England. This very large school serves an inner city area of Birmingham. It is a popular choice with parents with more than two applications for every place available. Almost all students walk to school from the immediate community. The proportion known to be eligible for free school meals is very high as is the proportion who have special educational needs and/or disabilities.
 Emsland Gymnasium is a Gymnasium (secondary) school in Rheine North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. It was founded in 1853.
 Wake Christian Academy is a private kindergarten middle and high school campus located in Raleigh North Carolina off US Hwy. 401.Wake Christian was founded by Frank and Evelyn Pierce in the 1966. Today the school has more than 850 students. The current administrator is Mike Woods.
 Kings High School is a public high school in the unincorporated village of Kings Mills Ohio in Deerfield Township Warren County. It is the only high school in the Kings Local School District. Kings has been rated excellent for 10 consecutive years under Ohio academic standards. Kings High School underwent a major construction and renovation project in 2009. A wing was added with new lockers classrooms and a high-tech upgrade.
 Savannah Arts Academy (SAA) is the first dedicated performing and visual arts school in Savannah Georgia. It is part of the Savannah-Chatham County Public Schools. Savannah Arts Academy was granted charter school status and the former Savannah High School building in July 1998 and opened in August of the same year.
 The College of Architecture (COA) at the Georgia Institute of Technology was established in 1908 as the Department of Architecture offering the first four-year course of study in architecture in the Southern United States.
 The Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing (Croatian: Fakultet elektrotehnike i računarstva abbr: FER) is a faculty of the University of Zagreb. It is the largest technical faculty and the leading educational as well as research-and-development institution in the fields of electrical engineering and computing in Croatia.FER owns four buildings situated in the Zagreb neighbourhood of Martinovka Trnje. The total area of the site is 43308 m2 (466160 sq ft).
 Seacoast Christian Academy is a Christian private school located in Jacksonville Florida United States. Seacoast Christian Academy serves students in prekindergarten through grade 12 until the 2011 school year when grades K5-5th became a charter school known as Seacoast Charter Academy.
 Southwestern Illinois College is the fifth largest community college in Illinois with campuses in Belleville Granite City and Red Bud plus 20 off-campus sites throughout the district including Scott Air Force Base and East St. Louis Community College Center.
 DeSoto County High School is a public high school located in Arcadia Florida. It is part of the DeSoto County School District.
 St. Peter's Lutheran Church and School is a former member of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America (ELCA). St Peter's Lutheran joined the Lutheran Congregations in Mission for Christ (LCMC).
 FTMA is the one-year film and television master’s degree program at Sacred Heart University in Stamford Connecticut.
 Sacred Heart School in Saratoga California USA is a private co-educational Roman Catholic school. The school grades range from pre-school Montessori for 4–5 year olds through junior high school (8th grade). The school is attached to Sacred Heart Church which was the first Roman Catholic church in Saratoga. Both the school and church are attached to the Diocese of San Jose.
 Silesian University of Technology (Polish name: Politechnika Śląska) is a university located in Gliwice Silesia Poland.
 The school is unrelated to Appalachian State University.Appalachian Bible College is a small non-profit private Christian college north of Beckley West Virginia. While unaffiliated with any particular denomination it generally serves independent churches within the fundamental Bible and Baptist associations.
 St. Thomas University (STU) is a small exclusively liberal arts university located in Fredericton New Brunswick Canada. It is a primarily undergraduate university offering bachelor's degrees in the arts (humanities and social sciences) education and social work to approximately 2300. The university offers a number of unique programs including recognized majors in Criminology Journalism Human Rights and Communications and Public Policy. St.
 Berwick Grammar School is a non-denominational boys school located on Tivendale Road in Officer Victoria Australia. It is the brother school of St Margaret's School Berwick. The principal is Mr Doug Bailey.Berwick Grammar School was opened by then Governor of Victoria David de Kretser on 9 November 2009.
 McAllen High School is one of four high schools serving the McAllen Texas area as a part of the McAllen Independent School District. It houses over 2200 students from grades 9-12. The school originally opened in 1909 and moved to its current location at 2021 La Vista Avenue in 1963. The school colors are purple and gold and the mascot is a bulldog. All athletic teams compete in the UIL District 30-5A.
 Napier Boys' High School is a state secondary school on Chambers St in Te Awa Napier New Zealand. It currently has a school roll of approximately 1200 pupils.
 South Kent School is a private selective boarding school for boys in South Kent Connecticut United States. The school is located on a 500-acre (2.0 km2) campus in the hills of Litchfield County. It was founded in 1923 as a joint venture between Reverend Frederick Herbert Sill headmaster of Kent School and two of his recent graduates Samuel Slater Bartlett and Richard M. Cuyler. The current head of school is Mr. Andrew J.
 Middletown High School North home of the Lions is a four-year comprehensive public high school located within Middletown Township New Jersey and is part of the Middletown Township Public School District. The school serves students from parts of Middletown Township. Other students from Middletown Township attend Middletown High School South. The school also houses a 750-seat theater. Approximately 90% of North students attend college after graduation.
 The École normale supérieure (French pronunciation: ​[ekɔl nɔʁmal sypeʁjœʁ]; also known as Normale sup’ Normale and ENS) is a French grande école (higher education establishment outside the framework of the public university system). The ENS was initially conceived during the French Revolution and it was intended to provide the Republic with a new body of teachers trained in the critical spirit and secular values of the Enlightenment.
 The École Supérieure d'Informatique (ESI) also called SUPINFO is a private institution of higher education in general Computer Science that was created in 1965 and has been recognized by the French state since 10 January 1972. Over a five-year period SUPINFO trains ICT professionals who can work in IT companies upon completion of their courses. They are then issued a diploma which is registered by the French State as a level I national professional certificate.
 Catalina High School (also known as Catalina Magnet High School) is a public high school located on the North Side of Tucson Arizona. Catalina is a magnet high school (drawing students from the entire school district) in Tucson Unified School District and serves approximately 1300 students in grades 9-12. The school name originates from the Santa Catalina Mountains north of Tucson. The school mascot is the Trojan and the school colors are royal blue and white.
 Mary Matha Major Seminary is a Christian seminary founded by Syro-Malabar Catholic Archdiocese of Thrissur in Mulayam Thrissur Kerala. It is affiliated to the Catholic University of Leuven Belgium.
 Isamilo International School Mwanza founded in 1956 is an international school for students aged 3 to 18 in Mwanza Tanzania. The school has been known as The Government European School Isamilo Primary School and Isamilo School Mwanza before being renamed in 2008 to its present name Isamilo International School Mwanza.The school teaches subjects in accordance with the British National Curriculum.
 Downlands College officially Downlands Sacred Heart College is a private secondary coeducational day and boarding school in Toowoomba Queensland Australia. Founded by the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart in 1931 the College began as a boarding school for boys with a total enrolment of 68.Downlands is Queensland's only Catholic coeducational day and boarding school.
 Turramurra High School is a large public comprehensive co-educational high school of approximately 1230 students operated by the New South Wales Department of Education and Communities (DEC) located in South Turramurra a residential area on the North Shore of Sydney New South Wales Australia. Established in 1967 although the current premises weren't occupied until 1968 it adjoins the Lane Cove National Park.
 Pacific Grove Unified Sch Dist is a public school district based in Monterey County California United States.
 Ynysawdre Comprehensive School was a public secondary school located in Tondu in Bridgend County Borough which catered for ages between 11 and 18.Beginning in Autumn Term 2011 Ynysawdre Comprehensive officially closed and its former students merged with those of Ogmore School to become Coleg Cymunedol Y Dderwen (translated to The Oak Community College).
 Horizon Christian Schools is a private Christian high school in Tualatin Oregon United States.The school has been a member of the Association of Christian Schools International since 1980.
 Cleveland Hill School District is a K-12 school district within the Cleveland Hill hamlet of Cheektowaga New York.
 The College of Engineering Adoor (CEA) is a college in Adoor Pathanamthitta District Kerala India located 3 km from the town centre at Manakkala. It is affiliated to the Cochin University of Science and Technology and is run under the aegis of the Institute of Human Resources Development an institute of the government of Kerala. The college was inaugurated in 1995 by the Chief Minister of Kerala A K Antony.
 Wesley College Melbourne is an independent co-educational Christian day school in Melbourne Australia. Established in 1866 the college is a school of the Uniting Church in Australia. Wesley is the largest school in Australia by enrolment with 3511 students and 564 full-time staff.
 Besant Theosophical College is one of the oldest colleges in the Rayalaseema Region of Andhra Pradesh. It was established much before Sri Venkateswara University was established. The college started on 19 July 1915. Initially it was affiliated to Madras University. In 1917 when Dr.
 The Upper Dauphin Area School District is a small suburban public school district located in Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It is fragmented in four discontinuous pieces including: the boroughs of Lykens Elizabethville Gratz Berrysburg and Pillow as well as Jefferson Township Washington Township Mifflin Township and Lykens Township. Upper Dauphin Area School District encompasses approximately 91 square miles (240 km2).
 Caversham Primary School is a state primary school in Caversham a suburb of Reading Berkshire in England. The school was established in 1907 and educates around 450 children between the ages of 4 and 11.
 Wamanrao Muranjan Madhyamik Vidyalaya is a Marathi language school in Mulund Maharashtra India. Established in 1955 it is the largest school in Mulund(E.). It was established and is run by Raosaheb Balaram Dnyandev Thakur Vidyamandir Institute. Recently a new large building called Shardanilayam Sankul was built near Neelamnagar. The new building has improved laboratories and a gym.
 Hill College is a comprehensive community college located in Hillsboro Cleburne Burleson Glen Rose and Meridian Texas. Hill College opened its doors in 1923 one year before North Central Texas College which is the oldest continuously-operating community college in Texas because Hill College was closed during the 1950s.
 The Stanford University Online High School (OHS) formerly EPGY OHS at Stanford University is a private independent school for gifted students located within Stanford University. While the OHS operates as a six-year school serving students in grades 7-12 because of the ability of the students many are younger than the standard grade 7 entry age of 12 and courses are offered at the university-level as well as at the high school level.
 Our Lady of Mount Carmel High School was the last remaining private Roman Catholic high school in Wyandotte Michigan. As the high school to the parish of Our Lady of Mount Carmel in Wyandotte it was closed as the 2nd to last Polish-American Catholic School behind Orchard Lake St. Mary's Preparatory in the Archdiocese of Detroit.
 The Faculty of Veterinary Medicine is a state-funded higher education establishment. Its mission is to provide excellence in teaching research animal patient consulting and care services.
 The University of Illinois College of Medicine offers a four-year program leading to the MD degree at four different sites in Illinois: Chicago Peoria Rockford and Urbana–Champaign.In 2011 enrollment of medical students in the University of Illinois system totaled 1290 according to the Association of American Medical Colleges.
 Frisco High School is a public high school located in Frisco Texas and is a part of the Frisco Independent School District. Frisco High School is the only known high school in the United States to have a raccoon as an official mascot.
 Established in 1970 the Aga Khan Junior Academy Nairobi is situated in the suburb of Parklands. The school accommodates about 300 students from international and multi-cultural backgrounds. It is open to all races religions and nationalities and is part of the Aga Khan Education Service Kenya (AKES K).The Aga Khan Junior Academy offers the Primary Years Programme (PYP) of the International Baccalaureate (IB). The school faculty is multi-cultural and international.
 The Tamil Nadu National Law School is located at Navalurkottapattu in Srirangam constituency Tiruchirappalli (Trichy) India which will be established as per “Tamil Nadu National Law School Act” 2012.The law school will come up in 25 acres of land with an investment of Rs 100 crore. The institute is functioning from the academic year 2013-14 offering five years integrated honors course in law.
 Atlantic University College (AUC) is the first and only university established in Guaynabo Puerto Rico. It was founded in 1983 by Dr. Teresa de Dios Unanue and Colonel Ramón M.
 Wayzata High School is located in Plymouth Minnesota a suburb of Minneapolis-St. Paul. The high school operated by the Wayzata School District has approximately 3400 students in grades 9 to 12 (2012) making it the largest secondary school by enrollment in Minnesota. It is also the largest Minnesota secondary school by structural size with an interior of 487000 square feet (45200 m2).
 The International Institute of Human Rights (French: Institut international des droits de l'homme IIDH) is an association under French local law based in Strasbourg France. It is composed of approximately 300 members (individual and collective) worldwide including universities researchers and practitioners of human rights.The IIDH was founded by René Cassin who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1968.
 Bynum High School is a 1A high school located in Bynum Texas (USA). It is part of the Bynum Independent School District located in south central Hill County. In 2011 the school was rated Academically Acceptable by the Texas Education Agency.
 El Paso Community College (EPCC) is a community college district headquartered in El Paso Texas. EPCC operates five campuses in the Greater El Paso area as well as courses offered at nearby Fort Bliss.As defined by the Texas Legislature the official service area of EPCC is all of El Paso and Hudspeth Counties.
 Marymount College is a Catholic secondary school located at Burleigh Heads on the Gold Coast in Queensland Australia. It traces its origins back to 1959 when Fr Frank Shine was appointed Parish Priest of Burleigh Heads.
 The City of Leicester College is situated on Downing Drive Evington Leicester England. It is a mixed secondary school for ages 11–18. It has around 2000 pupils.
 The Chihuahua Institute of Technology (in Spanish: Instituto Tecnológico de Chihuahua ITCh) is a public university located in the city of Chihuahua capital of the state of Chihuahua in Mexico.
 University of Bamenda or Université de Bamenda is located in Bamenda North West Region Cameroon.
 Dhaka Residential Model College (also referred to as DRMC) (Bengali: ঢাকা রেসিডেনসিয়াল মডেল কলেজ) formerly known as Residential Model School is a public school in Mohammadpur Dhaka the capital of Bangladesh. The school offers education for students ranging from third grade to twelfth grade (approximately ages 7 to 18).
 Al-Shadbakhtiyah Madrasa (Arabic: المدرسة الشاذبختية‎) is a madrasah complex in Aleppo Syria. It is one of the earliest preserved Ayyubid madrasas. It was built by Jamal al-Din Shadbakht a freed slave of Zengid ruler Nur al-Din in 1193 AD. The madrasa is situated about 200 metres (660 ft) west of the citadel.
 Canton South High School is a public high school in Canton Township Stark County Ohio United States. The school typically enrolling around 800 students in the 9th 10th 11th & 12th grades is the only high school in the Canton Local School District. It is a member school of the former Stark County Board of Education (now known as the Stark County Educational Service Center).
 Harvest Time Christian Academy is a coeducational private school located in Tyler Texas. Founded in 2010 as a Christian ministry of the Harvest Time Church of Tylerthe school accepts students from Pre-K to 12th grade.
 Galgotias Business School (GBS) is a PGDM institution located in Greater Noida Uttar Pradesh India.
 The way as youth is here educated has no equal in the whole of Europe.
 Kanahooka High School is a comprehensive public high school located in the suburb of Kanahooka 15 kilometres (9 mi) southwest of the city of Wollongong New South Wales Australia. Opening in 1974 the school's catchment area covers the southwestern part of the City of Wollongong and as at Semester 2 2007 the school has an enrolment of 616 students between Year 7 and Year 12.
 Saimaa University of Applied Sciences (Finnish: Saimaan ammattikorkeakoulu) is a university of applied sciences (a polytechnic) in the region of South Karelia Finland.Before 2009 it was known as South Karelia University of Applied Sciences. Its campuses are located in Lappeenranta and Imatra.
 Ananda Chandra College established in 1942 is one of the oldest college in Jalpaiguri. It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences. It is affiliated to University of North Bengal.
 ChemicalBUET is an organization for the alumni academics and students of Chemical Engineering Department of BUET which is one of the oldest Chemical engineering departments in South Asia. By providing a platform for professionals academics and students ChemicalBUET disseminates knowledge and experience among its members. This organization is recognized by the department of Chemical Engineering at BUET. ChemicalBUET is one of the largest Chemical Engineering communities in Bangladesh.
 Ishik University (IU) is a private university owned by Fezalar Educational Institution. Ishik University was established in 2008 with the permission of the Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research of Kurdistan Region Iraq. Ishik University has the following colleges in its new campus: College of Dentistry College of Economics & Administrative Sciences College of Education College of Engineering College of Arts & Sciences College of Law.
 Vipulananda Central College is a provincial school in Karaitivu Sri Lanka.
 THINK Global School is an independent high school that travels the world giving students the opportunity to study in 12 different international cities over the course of 4 years. The school is non-profit co-educational and non-denominational. The school was created by travel photographer Joann McPike who contributed the founding donation.During the 2010-11 school year the students studied in Stockholm Sweden; Sydney Australia; and Beijing China.
 NSCAD University also known as the Nova Scotia College of Art and Design is a post-secondary art school located in Halifax Nova Scotia Canada.During the 1970s NSCAD was hailed as a cutting edge art school which emphasized artistic innovation and political art. Currently the university is forging relationships with galleries museums and other cultural institutions in Canada and around the world.
 Sciences Po Bordeaux or Institut d'études politiques (IEP) de Bordeaux is a French political science grande école situated on the university campus of Pessac 8 km from the centre of Bordeaux and is attached to the Montesquieu University - Bordeaux IV. It was established in 1948. Sciences Po Bordeaux is one of the nine Institutes of Political Studies of France and a so-called Grande Ecole.The Institute has approximately 1300 students admitted after a rigorous selection.
 The International School of Columbus (ISC) was a free public Charter school located in Columbus Indiana. It was founded in 2009. It was an International Baccalaureate World School. It taught grades 7−12. The International School of Columbus was open to any students living in Indiana.The International School of Columbus is a college prep school. It offers the International Baccalaureate that students can choose to go for in their 11th and 12th grade years.
 The Indian School Salalah is an Indian-run self-financing co-educational institution primarily established to meet the academic needs of children of Indian expatriates working in the Sultanate of Oman in the Persian Gulf. The school also admits children of other nationalities. The school is located in the Dahariz area of Salalah town in the southern governorate of Dhofar.
 Stephenson High School is a public school serving grades 9-12 located in Stone Mountain Georgia. It is part of the Dekalb County School System.Stephenson High School is nestled within the surrounding neighborhoods of the old historic Stone Mountain Georgia. The main campus sprawls over five beautiful acres with the addition of an exclusive Freshman Academy Building equipped with its own computer labs and cafeteria.
 Hahnville High School is a public high school located in Boutte Louisiana United States. It is part of the St. Charles Parish Public School System serving all students in that area of the west bank of the Mississippi River in grades 9 through 12. J.B. Martin and R.K. Smith Middle Schools feed into Hahnville.
 Swiss Management Center (SMC) is a for-profit corporation founded in 1985 with operative headquarters in Zurich Switzerland. SMC also has offices in Vienna and Buenos Aires. As of 2012 SMC University has 2231 students.
 TSaint Stephen's School (Chinese: 圣斯德望学校) is a Catholic primary school for boys in Siglap Singapore.The school was part of the Saint Patrick's School which was founded in 1933 by the La Salle Brothers. In 1957 the primary and secondary sections of the school were separated and Saint Stephen's School was formed. Alumni of the school form the bulk of students in St. Patrick's along with Junior Josephians De La Sallians and Anthonians.
 Pike Central is the only high school in Pike County Indiana. The school is located at the intersection of Indiana 56 & Indiana 61 near Petersburg. Its athletic teams are nicknamed the Chargers and it participates in the Pocket Athletic Conference.In October 2010 Pike Central High School was selected as one of 14 Lemelson-MIT InvenTeams and one of only four teams to present on stage at the convention.
 Homs Military Academy is a military educational and tranining institution located in Homs Syria.Homs Military Academy was founded in 1933 by France during the French Mandate of Syria and Lebanon. It is the oldest and largest service institution. At first it was primarily an academy for infantry officers while graduates that would select the other services went on to additional specialized training at other army-operated specialist schools.
 Kütahya Dumlupınar University is one of the newest universities in Turkey.
 Frontier Medical College (FMC) is one of several medical schools affiliated to Bahria University. Located in Abbottabad of the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan FMC has approximately 700 students in the MBBS and BDS programs. The college was founded in 1995 as the first private medical institute in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and second private medical school in Pakistan.
 Balurghat College is a co-ed institution of higher education located in Balurghat Dakshin Dinajpur district West Bengal India.Balurghat College was established in June 1948 as an intermediate liberal arts college with 96 students. In 1950 the college was recognized by the UGC and it is supported by the West Bengal government as an aided college. North Bengal University accepted the college as a constituent college in September 2003.
 John Paul Stevens High School is one of 9 high schools in the Northside Independent School District located in San Antonio Texas near SeaWorld San Antonio. John Paul Stevens High School is one of the largest high schools in the San Antonio area with roughly 3600 students in the 2007-2008 school year. The school's mascot is the Falcon. The school colors are red silver and black. Stevens High School was built with funds from the voter approved 2001 Bond Issue.
 Como Secondary College is a public co-educational state high school in Western Australia. The college is located on Bruce Street in the suburb of Como.
 BGMEA University of Fashion and Technology or BUFT is a university in Bangladesh. It was established by the Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers and Exporters Association in 1999. It started functioning in 2000 and was affiliated to the National University Bangladesh in 2001.
 The Mountain School of Milton Academy is a selective independent semester program that provides academically motivated high school juniors from across the country the opportunity to live and work on an organic farm in rural Vermont United States. Located in Vershire Vermont The Mountain School was originally a four-year residential high school started in 1963 by Mac and Doris Conard.
 Sangju National University is a public university in Gajang-dong in the city of Sangju North Gyeongsang province. It has an enrollment of about 4350 students and employs about 105 professors. The university places a heavy emphasis on agricultural studies. It is home to a graduate school library museum and various technical research institutes.Sangju National University opened on April 25 1924 as Sangju Public School for Agriculture and Sericulture (상주공립농잠학교).
 For schools with similar names see Liberty High School (disambiguation).Liberty High School is located in Hillsboro Oregon just west of Portland. It opened in 2003 with only freshmen sophomores and juniors. The school has approximately 1300 students and 140 faculty members.
 Ovingdean Hall School (OHS) was a special day and boarding secondary school for the severely and profoundly deaf children and young people including those with additional special needs.
 The University of Évora (Universidade de Évora) is a public university in Évora Portugal.
 St. Thomas More Academy is a private Roman Catholic high school in Magnolia Delaware. It is run by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wilmington.
 The Quartermaster Center and School (QMCS) is a subordinate command of the United States Army's Combined Arms Support Command and is located at Fort Lee Virginia.
 The Rayat Institute of Engineering and Information Technology (RIEIT)(Hindi: रयात अभियांत्रिकी एवं सूचना प्रौद्योगिकी संस्थान) is an academic engineering institution affiliated to Punjab Techncal University offering Engineering Courses at undergraduate and Graduate level leading to B.Tech and M.Tech degrees.
 SIM University (Abbreviation: UniSIM; Chinese: 新跃大学; Malay: Universiti SIM; Tamil: சிம் பல்கலைக்கழகம்) is the only private university in Singapore and is highly funded by the government. Established in 2005 the university is started as a result of the Singapore Government mandate to set up a university for working adults. In 2012 UniSIM was granted National University status and became the republic's 6th local university.
 Princeton High School is a public secondary school located on 807 Eighth Avenue South in Princeton Minnesota USA. The school is part of the Princeton Independent School District 477.
 Washington Township High School colloquially referred to as Township is a four-year public high school located in Washington Township in Gloucester County New Jersey United States operating as part of the Washington Township Public School District. It is the largest public high school in South Jersey. The school building itself is just over a quarter of a mile long.
 Palmer College of Chiropractic is the founding college of chiropractic and is located in Davenport Iowa. It was established in 1897 by Daniel David Palmer and is considered The Fountainhead as it was the first school of chiropractic in the world. The college's name was originally the Palmer School and Cure and later became the Palmer School of Chiropractic. Most early chiropractic schools were founded by Palmer alumni. The Palmer School of Chiropractic was begun by D. D.
 Azrieli College of Engineering Jerusalem (Hebrew: עזריאלי-המכללה להנדסה ירושלים‎) is an Israeli academic college that trains engineers. It is located in the Ramat Beit HaKerem neighborhood of Jerusalem between Jerusalem's two major high-tech industrial areas Har Hotzvim and the Jerusalem Technology Park.
 Trinity Academy is a non-selective co-educational secondary school in the English Academy programme at Thorne near Doncaster South Yorkshire England.It is a member of the Emmanuel Schools Foundation established by entrepreneur Sir Peter Vardy to educate pupils within a Christian ethos.
 Houston County High School (also referred to as HoCo) is one of six public high schools for grades 9-12 in the city of Warner Robins Georgia USA. It was founded in 1991 and is part of the Houston County School System.The school has volleyball cheerleading football basketball soccer and tennis teams as well as an AFJROTC unit: GA-932.
 Konkan Gyanpeeth College of Engineering (KGCE) is a private engineering college located in Karjat Maharashtra India. The college is affiliated to the University of Mumbai and approved by the Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) Maharashtra State and All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) New Delhi.[citation needed]
 Vincent Massey Collegiate Institute (Vincent Massey VMCI or Massey) is a former public high school for the Etobicoke Board of Education (now later merged into the Toronto District School Board) located at 105 Eringate Drive in Etobicoke from 1961-1985 and later became the Vincent Massey Centre as an adult school until 1993.
 The Universidad de Sucre (Unisucre) is a public departmental coeducational university located in Sincelejo Sucre Colombia. The university has three campus in the city. The main one known as the Puerta Roja is the home for most of the faculties and has the largest student population. The second and smaller campus known as Puerta Blanca is home to the Faculty of Health Sciences and its near the University Hospital of Sincelejo.
 Centennial High School is a high school located in Pueblo Colorado. It serves roughly 1000 students in grades 9 through 12. The school is a part of Pueblo City Schools (District 60).
 Beardstown Junior/Senior High School also known as Beardstown Middle/High School or BHS is a public school for grades 6 through 12 at located at 500 East 15th Street in Beardstown Illinois a small city in Cass County Illinois in the Midwestern United States. BHS is the only middle school and only high school of Beardstown Community Unit School District 15. The campus is located 45 miles northwest of Springfield Illinois and serves a mixed village and rural residential community.
 Champagnat Catholic School is a private school with campuses in Miami and Hialeah Florida United States. Established in 1968 the schools serve approximately 430 students in prekindergarten through grade 12.
 Venice International University (VIU) is an international center for higher education and research located on the island of San Servolo in Venice Italy.It was established on December 15 1995 as a consortium of five Universities and two Italian Institutions.Since its foundation Venice International University has grown to include a total of sixteen members: Boston College Duke University Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität Tel Aviv University Tongji University of Shanghai Tsinghua University of Beijing Ca' Foscari University of Venice Koç University University Iuav of Venice Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona Waseda University of Tokyo Università degli Studi di Padova European University at Saint Petersburg Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche - CNR Ministero dell'Ambiente e della Tutela del Territorio e del Mare Provincia di Venezia
 The Gunnery is a coeducational boarding and day prep school for 285 students in grades nine through twelve. The 220-acre (0.89 km2) campus borders the village green of Washington Connecticut U.S. a small historic town in the Litchfield Hills. The Gunnery has no religious or military affiliations.The Gunnery was founded in 1850 by Frederick W. Gunn a teacher abolitionist and father of recreational camping in America. It was originally 30 boys on 50 acres.
 Carrick High School is a public school in the Carrick neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania USA.Carrick is one of ten high schools in the Pittsburgh Public Schools and one of the few to offer Business Technology and Health Technology programs.
 St. Basil Secondary is a Canadian high school in Sault Ste. Marie Ontario. It was established in September 1991 by the Huron-Superior Catholic District School Board on St. Georges Avenue. The school was renovated and was expanded soon after St. Mary's College moved locations. The large facility was once also used by Notre-Dame de Grand Lacs the only French-as-first-language high school in Sault Ste. Marie before it's movement in 2013. The mascot of St.
 Legacy Christian School is a Christian private school in Reno/Sparks Nevada. Founded in 1997 it offers grades K-8 and is a non-profit corporation 501(c)(3). The school mascot is the Legacy Lions and the school's colors are Blue Silver and Black.
 The Avalon School is a private independent day school for boys currently in Gaithersburg Maryland in the United States. It is associated with the Brookewood School a private school for girls in Kensington Maryland and the Thomas More Institute an umbrella program for homeschoolers.
 Minico High School also known as Minidoka County High School is a four-year public secondary school in Minidoka County Idaho operated by the Minidoka County Joint School District #331. The school colors are red and gold and the mascot is a Spartan.
 Skyview High School is a four-year public school serving grades 9 through 12. The school is located along the Sterling Highway in Kalifornsky Alaska a short distance south of Soldotna city limits and directly west of the boundary of the Kenai National Wildlife Refuge. The school's attendance area covers an approximately 75–mile stretch of the Sterling Highway from Tern Lake (on the western edge of the Moose Pass CDP boundary) to Cohoe.
 Crater High School is a public high school in Central Point Oregon United States.
 Bryan Independent School District is a public school district based in Bryan Texas (USA). It also serves the towns Kurten and Wixon Valley as well as rural areas in northern Brazos County and a small portion of Robertson County. In 2009 the school district was rated academically acceptable by the Texas Education Agency.Bryan High School was established in 1971 and enrollment is at 2400 students for grades 9 through 12 in 2012.
 Lourdes High School is a Roman Catholic high school in Oshkosh Wisconsin in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Green Bay United States. Established in 1959 it is the oldest still existing high school in Oshkosh.
 St. Xavier's Girls' College is a national school in Mannar Sri Lanka.
 Miss Edgar's and Miss Cramp's School is an all-girls school located in Westmount Quebec. It is near many other QAIS schools such as The Study and Selwyn House. It is commonly abbreviated as ECS. The school teaches grades Kindergarten to 11. Their colours are green and white.
 The University of Zulia (Spanish: La Universidad del Zulia also known as LUZ literally meaning light in Spanish) is a public university whose main campus is located in the city of Maracaibo Venezuela. LUZ is one of the largest and most important universities of Venezuela.The University of Zulia has three campuses: two in Zulia State in the cities of Maracaibo (being the biggest and most important of the three) and Cabimas; and one in the city of Punto Fijo located in Falcón State)
 Aztec High School is a public high school in Aztec New Mexico. The school colors are Black and Orange and the mascot is the Tiger.
 Choate Rosemary Hall (often known as Choate; /tʃoʊt/) is a highly selective private college-preparatory boarding school located in Wallingford Connecticut.
 Sherman E. Burroughs High School is a public high school located in Ridgecrest CA. Established in 1945 the school is located in the upper Mojave Desert and is adjacent to the Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake. It derives its name from U.S. Navy officer Admiral Sherman E. Burroughs who served as the first commanding officer of the base at China Lake (then known as the Naval Ordnance Test Station at China Lake).
 Colonie Central High School is a public high school in the town of Colonie with the postal address of Albany New York. In 2005 it had 2225 students and 132 classroom teachers. It is part of the South Colonie Central School District. The building principal is David Wetzel.
 Washington High School is a magnet high school located in the Sherman Park neighborhood on the north side of Milwaukee Wisconsin United States. It is one of the oldest schools in the Milwaukee Public Schools system. In 2011 WHS will be celebrating the 100th anniversary of its founding. WHS is noted for its successful uses of technology (especially computers) by teachers and students. In 1976 the first Career Specialty Program oriented around Computing opened a new era for Washington.
 Eastern Arizona College (EAC) is a community college located in Graham County Arizona. The main campus is in Thatcher with satellite locations in Gila County and Greenlee County. It is the oldest community college in Arizona and the only community college in Arizona with a marching band.
 Harris Academy Morden (formerly Bishopsford Art College) is a secondary school with academy status in London England. The school is part of the Harris Federation of South London schools which were opened to allow schools in the same area to 'borrow' educational values. The school opened in 1999 by 2003 it was one of the top schools in Merton however this was not always the case.
 The Royal Institute for Deaf and Blind Children (RIDBC) in Sydney provides a range of educational services for students with vision and/or hearing impairment including specialist schools for signing deaf students oral deaf students and students with sensory and intellectual disabilities.RIDBC offers additional services such as therapy and braille text production a children's audiology centre and also conducts research and professional development through its RIDBC Renwick Centre.
 Koç University is a non-profit private university in Istanbul Turkey. It started education in temporary buildings in İstinye in 1993 and moved to its current Rumeli Feneri campus which is 30 km north of the city centre near Sarıyer in 2000. With Colleges of Social Sciences and Humanities Administrative Sciences and Economics Science Engineering Law Nursing and Medicine Koç University offers 22 undergraduate 31 graduate and 16 PhD programs.
 West Thornton Primary Academy (formerly West Thornton Primary Academy) is a primary school with academy status for pupils aged between 4 and 11 years. The school is located on Rosecourt Road near Purley Way around Thornton Heath Pond in the London Borough of Croydon. The school caters for pupils from Reception to Year 6. The school is close to the border of Croydon and the London Borough of Merton. It is also close to Croydon Cemetery.
 Feroze Gandhi Institute of Engineering and Technology was formally announced on 15 September 2004 in the presence of Smt. Sonia Gandhi Chairperson of UPA Government. It came into existence on 1 October 2004 as AICTE accorded its approval vide their letter No. 06/03/UP/ENGG/2004/010 dated 28-09-2004 and UPTU issued letter of affiliation vide letter No. E.S/5375/G.S/ dated 01-10-2004.
 St George’s School is a non-selective independent day school in Edgbaston Birmingham England for girls and boys aged 3 to 18. It is located near St George's Church and consists of a lower school an upper school and a sixth form.
 'Patna St. Michael's School' was established on 1 December of 1988 by the A.K.Arun & Rita Singh Educational Trust with assistance from Mr. Anil Kumar Arun who is Chairman of the trust. The School is situated at Ashok Nagar Road No. 3 Kankarbagh Patna  India. The first principal of the school was Mr.A.K.ARUN. The school is Affiliated to Central Board Of Secondary Education  Delhi..The administrator of the school is Mrs.
 Clifton Pre-preparatory School (often called Clifton Prep) is the pre-preparatory school to St Peter's School a co-educational independent boarding and day school located in the English City of York with extensive grounds on the banks of the River Ouse. Founded by St Paulinus of York in 627 it is one of the oldest schools in the United Kingdom.
 Reseda High School established in 1955 is located in the Reseda section of the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles California USA.The school is home to the Reseda High School Police Academy Magnet the Reseda High School Science Magnet and the Reseda High School Law & Public Service Magnet.
 Belleville Mennonite School is located in Belleville Pennsylvania USA. It is situated between Stone Mountain and Jack's Mountain. The valley they form is known as Big Valley. Belleville Mennonite is a member of the Mennonite Schools Council and the Association of Christian Schools International.This private Christian school is currently run by superintendent Starla Fogleman and Principal Glenna Young.
 The Hochschule Wismar University of Applied Sciences: Technology Business and Design (or short: University of Wismar) is the third-biggest and third-oldest public university in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. The university is situated at the Baltic coast in the very north of Germany with its campus being only 500 meters away from the harbor. The university was founded in 1908 as an engineering academy and has become an important part in the city's cultural life.
 Hudsonville High School or HHS is a public high school located in Hudsonville Michigan. It is part of Hudsonville Public School District which also includes seven elementary schools two middle schools and a freshman campus school.
 The University of Miskolc (before 1990: Technical University of Heavy Industry) is the largest university of Northern Hungary.
 Dickinson High School is located in Dickinson Texas in the Dickinson Independent School District. The school serves Dickinson and the cities of San Leon and Bacliff.The school colors are blue and white. The Dickinson Gators' school mascot is Big Al the alligator.
 Hopkins Academy is the public middle (7th and 8th grade) and senior (9th–12th grade) high school for the town of Hadley Massachusetts.
 Spring Ridge Middle School is a middle school in St. Mary's County Maryland and is part of St. Mary's County Public Schools. Many of the families are employed by NAS Patuxent RiverHTB government contractors St. Mary's College of Maryland and others involved in the traditional agriculture and water related businesses.
 Parrsboro Regional High School also known as PRHS is a school located in Parrsboro Nova Scotia Canada. PRHS consists of six grades- 7891011 and 12 with approximately 250 students and with two classes per grade; generally known as ClassA (11A for example) and ClassB (11B for example.) PRHS is located adjacent to Parrsboro Regional Elementary School. Students attend both schools from about a twenty-five kilometer radius.The school's sports teams are called the Warriors.
 The Diego Luis Cordoba Technological University of Choco (Spanish: Universidad Tecnológica del Chocó Diego Luis Córdoba) also known as UTCH is a public departmental coeducational university based in the city of Quibdó Chocó Colombia.
 National Institute of Technology Mizoram is one of the 30 National Institutes of Technology situated in Lengpui Aizawl Mizoram. NIT Mizoram was one of the ten new NITS established by the Ministry Of Human Resources Development Govt. of India vide its order no. F. 23-13-2009-TS-III Dated 30 October 2009 and 3 March 2010.
 Jnana-Deepa Vidyapeeth (JDV) is a Pontifical Institute for Philosophy and Religions located at Pune India. Established in 1883 it caters predominantly to the philosophical and theological formation of catholic priests in India with a student population of more than 750 and faculty of 25.In 70's and 80's it was the driving force for inculturation inter-religious dialog and liberation theology for the Indian church.
 The Heights School is a preparatory school for boys in grades 3-12 in Potomac Maryland USA. Its mission is to assist parents in the intellectual spiritual and physical education of their sons. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington. The school's Christian orientation and spiritual formation are entrusted to Opus Dei a personal prelature of the Catholic Church founded in 1928.
 St. Ninian's High School (Manx Gaelic: Schoill Ard Noo Ninian) is a secondary school located in Douglas and Onchan on the Isle of Man. The School is set over two different sites catering for different year groups. The Lower School: opened in 2012 and is located at Bemahague in Onchan. The lower school caters for years seven to nine.
 Louis Bromfield High School was a high school in Perrysville Ohio USA. It was a part of the Mohican Juvenile Correctional Facility. All youth prisoners who did not have a high school degree were required to participate in the educational program. The Mohican Juvenile Correctional Facility of the Ohio Department of Youth Services was closed in May 2010.
 Puspanjali Vidyalaya (Nepali पुष्पांजली विद्यालय) is located in East Sikkim district of Sikkim India. This school is affiliated to Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) New Delhi. In Sanskrit pushpam means flower and anjali means offering with folded hands. The current principal is Bhawani Shankar Khatiwara.
 Hi-Tech Medical College & Hospital (HMCH) is a private nonprofit self-financing medical institution based in Bhubaneswar Odisha India. Hi-Tech Medical College & Hospital is functioning from 2005 under Utkal University affiliation and recognized by Medical Council Of India. It is one of the Odisha's first private medical college. It has 400 Teaching beds with state of the art operation theatres along with 20 intensive care beds with 24hrs with high-tech trauma care facility.
 Fuji Tokoha University (富士常葉大学 Fuji Tokoha Daigaku) is a private university in Fuji City Shizuoka Prefecture Japan. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1990 and it was chartered as a university in 2000. The university has three departments:College of Distribution EconomicsCollege of Environment and Disaster Research University Library
 Immanuel College is an independent co-educational Jewish day school located in Bushey Hertfordshire (on the outskirts of North London) on an eleven acre site dominated by Caldecote Towers a Grade II listed 19th-century mansion. The College is a member of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference.The Immanuel College Preparatory School opened in the Autumn of 2011 with a Reception class.
 St. Stephens School is a mixed state-run Church of England primary school located in Twickenham London England. It is affiliated with St. Stephens Church in Twickenham and regularly hold events there.
 D.Y. Patil College of Engineering and Technology is an Engineering College located in Kolhapur Maharashtra India.
 Christian Brothers College Cork (CBC Cork colloquially known as Christians) is a fee-paying Catholic school under the trusteeship of the Edmund Rice Schools Trust in Cork Ireland.Their sister school in Dublin is CBC Monkstown. The college's main rivals are Presentation Brothers College. As the two main fee paying all-boys schools in Cork both share similar histories student bases and sporting & academic traditions.
 Indiana University Southeast is a regional campus in the Indiana University system and is located in New Albany Indiana in Floyd County which is in southern Indiana and part of the metropolitan Louisville Kentucky area.
 The North Hills School District is a public school district in the northern suburbs of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It serves an area of 14.6 square miles including Ross Township and West View.
 Mount Daniel School is school which serves grades Kindergarten through First Grade in the Falls Church City Public Schools system. In March 2012 Mount Daniel School was authorized as an International Baccalaureate Organization Primary Years Programme (PYP) school for the purpose of ensuring that student learning is authentic engaging relevant to the “real” world challenging and significant with a commitment to a transdisciplinary model.[citation needed]
 National University of Sciences and Technology commonly known by its acronym NUST is a public research university in Pakistan. Initially NUST was founded by the government of Pakistan in 1981 to train members of the Pakistani Armed Forces after merging established military institutes and colleges. The university was chartered in 1993. NUST is a multi-school university with its headquarters formerly located in Rawalpindi Pakistan.
 Miyagi University (宮城大学 Miyagi Daigaku) is a public university located in Miyagi Prefecture Japan. Established in 1997 the university has currently two campuses in Miyagi prefecture after merging with Miyagi Agricultural College in 2005. The university is often called MYU or Miya-Dai for an abbreviation.
 The Chinese General Hospital College of Nursing and Liberal Arts (CGHCNLA) was established in 1921 as the Chinese General Hospital School of Nursing (CGHSN). The idea was conceived by Dr. Jose Tee Han Kee who was the Director of the Chinese General Hospital. With him were three physicians who organized the training school. The Sisters of the Immaculate Conception based in Hong Kong and Canton China were requested by Dr. Tee Han Kee to help in starting the school.
 Tennessee State University (TSU) is a land-grant university located in Nashville Tennessee United States. TSU is the only state-funded historically black university in Tennessee. The University is a member-school of Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
 Lomax Junior High School is a Junior High School based in La Porte Texas United States. It is part of the La Porte Independent School District.The School serves the cities of La Porte and Deer Park
 Edwin G. Foreman High School is a public 4-year high school located in the Portage Park neighborhood of Chicago Illinois USA. It is operated by the Chicago Public Schools. Established in 1928 the school was named in the honor of a Chicago banker and civic leader Edwin G. Foreman. Foreman's varsity athletic teams are named the Hornets with the school colors being blue and gold.
 The International School of Beaverton (ISB) is a middle school/high school in the Beaverton School District. It is the only school in the district to offer both the IB Middle Years Programme and IB Diploma Programme courses. It serves sixth through twelfth grade. However when the school was first opened in 2006 it only served sixth grade through ninth grade. In 2012 the US News ranked the school as the best high school in Oregon as well as 20th in the nation.
 Queen's School of Religion formerly Queen's Theological College is affiliated with Queen's University. Graduates receive their degrees from Queen's University. Queen's School of Religion is also accredited by ATS.
 Unity Academy Blackpool is a coeducational school with academy status located in the Warbreck area of Blackpool Lancashire England. It is situated on Warbreck Hill Road and is near Layton railway station. It is an all-through school educating pupils aged 3 to 16.The school was originally an all-boys institution named Warbreck High School. In 2000 it became co-educational and was renamed Beacon Hill School.
 Nagoya Seirei Junior College (名古屋聖霊短期大学 Nagoya Seirei Tanki Daigaku) was a private junior college in the city of Seto Aichi Prefecture Japan.
 Waukesha North High School is a high school located in Waukesha Wisconsin. Operated by the Waukesha School District. the school opened its in mid-semester of the 1974-1975 school year. The school is part of the Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association and the Classic 8 Conference in athletics. North's nickname is the Northstars and the school mascot is a polar bear known as Sparky.The school has a rotating schedule and advisory program.
 The Glasgow School for Business and Society is the largest business school in Scotland.[citation needed] It is part of Glasgow Caledonian University and was established in 2002 originally named the Caledonian Business School. It offers programs in business studies law and the social sciences. Its main campus is located in Glasgow and it has an additional campus in London (GCU London).
 The University of California Davis (also referred to as UCD UC Davis or Davis) is a public teaching and research university located in Davis California just west of Sacramento. The campus covers 7309 acres (2958 ha) making it the largest within the 10 campus University of California system.
 The National School of Political Science and Public Administration (Romanian: Şcoala Naţională de Studii Politice şi Administrative din Bucureşti SNSPA) is a public University in Bucharest Romania founded in 1991.SNSPA is a public institution of higher education and research (University) which was established in 1991 as a postgraduate teaching institution incorporating in its structure the former Faculty of High Political Studies of the University of Bucharest.
 The University of Science and Culture (in Persian: Daneshgah Elm va Farhang) is located in Tehran Iran.
 Little Flower School Mudinepalli is the first English medium school in Krishna District Andhra Pradesh India. It was established in 1968 at Mudinepalli. Rama Krishna Murthy an educationalist in Sindhanur Karnataka was an alumnus of the school.
 James Lyng High School is a high school located in Montreal Quebec Canada.
 Newbury High School is a public high school in Newbury Ohio. It is the only high school in the Newbury Local Schools district. Their nickname is the Black Knights. It is the only school district in Geauga County that serves a single township—all others are consolidated. (although as of 2013 the school was in active discussions to fold into the neighboring Berkshire_High_School_(Burton_Ohio)All grades (K-12) are located at the same site at 14775 Auburn Rd just north of Kinsman Rd.
 Truba College in Indore Madhya Pradesh India is a technical institute affiliated to Rajiv Gandhi Technical University Bhopal.The name Truba is derived from the name of lord Tirupati Balaji
 John F. Kennedy High School is a high school located in Bellmore New York. It is one of three high schools in the Bellmore-Merrick Central High School District.The school is open during normal school months. Its newspaper is the Cougar Crier.In local athletics this school is referred to as Bellmore JFK to avoid confusion with the nearby Plainview JFK.
 DeWitt Clinton High School is a public high school located in New York City. Opened in 1897 and all boys at first it became co-ed in 1983. From its original building on West 13th Street in Manhattan it moved in 1906 to its second home on 59th Street and Tenth Avenue (now John Jay College) and in 1929 to its present home on Mosholu Parkway in the Bronx.
 Glenville State College (GSC) is a public four-year college located in Glenville a town in the rural north-central part of the U.S. state of West Virginia.
 Huntcliff School is a coeducational secondary school located in Saltburn-by-the-Sea a town in the north-east of England famous for its Victorian buildings.[citation needed] As of May 2002 the school had 519 pupils.In 2007 work began on a new secondary school on the same site to replace the current buildings and re-opened in September 2008.
 The Colegio Nacional Rafael Hernández is one of the four public high schools that are part of the National University of La Plata in the City of La Plata Argentina. The Colegio Nacional aegis denotes a school belonging to the system of national secondary schools.
 Fisher Park Public School is a public middle school in Ottawa Ontario Canada offering English and French immersion education for grades seven and eight. The building is shared with the Summit Alternative School and the Fisher Park Community Centre.
 Loudoun Academy is a secondary school in the outskirts of Galston East Ayrshire in Scotland serving the Loudoun district which includes the Irvine Valley Kilmarnock and surrounding rural areas of East Ayrshire. The school was built in 1970. The current enrolment is somewhere around 1000 pupils.Previous Headmaster Brian Johnston retired in 2009 and was succeeded by Peter Flood. Flood left the school in 2012 to a new position in Perth leaving Graeme Walker as Acting Head Teacher.
 Chung Cheong University is a private technical university in Cheongju City the capital of North Chungcheong province South Korea. It employs about 150 instructors and has approximately 5000 students enrolled. The current president is Yu Sun Gyu (유선규).
 The Delphian School is a pre-K-12 private school located in a rural setting in unincorporated Yamhill County Oregon near Sheridan. The school operates primarily as a boarding school with most students living on campus either full-time or five-day (going home for the weekends). The school also accepts day students; boarders must be at least eight years old while day students can be as young as five.[11]
 Fairhope High School (FHS) is a public secondary school located in Fairhope Alabama. Fairhope High School is a part of the Baldwin County Public Schools system. They service grades 9–12.
 Risø DTU National Laboratory for Sustainable Energy (Danish: Risø DTU Nationallaboratoriet for Bæredygtig Energi) was a scientific research organization north of Roskilde Denmark. From 1 January 2008 it was made an institute under Technical University of Denmark.
 The Christianeum in Hamburg is a famous former Latin school (German: Lateinschule) in Hamburg northern Germany. Founded in 1738 by King Christian VI of Denmark it is now housed in a building planned by Danish designer Arne Jacobsen.
 Thunder Mountain High School is one of three public high schools in Juneau Alaska. It was opened for the 2008–2009 school year. In its first year in operation it served grades 9–11; the Juneau School District wanted seniors (grade 12) to finish at their existing high schools.
 The 9th Gymnasium (Simferopol) or officially Gymnasium No.9 of Simferopol municipality Autonomous Republic of Crimea (Ukrainian: Гімназія №9 Сімферопольської міської ради Автономної Республіки Крим) with the profound study of English was organized in 1990 on the basis of a school with a study of a range of subjects in English.
 Lincoln High School is a public high school that serves the city of Manitowoc and its immediate suburbs. The school serves students in grades 10 through 12 with an enrollment of about 1600. Constructed in 1923 Lincoln High School was designed by Jens Jensen. It is located on Roeff's Hill along scenic Lake Michigan. The gothic-style building occupies 19 acres (77000 m2) on the south side of the city. School colors are red and white.
 Seton-La Salle Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Mt. Lebanon Pennsylvania a suburb of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh.
 The Delft Management Society (DMS) is a student organization independent of any educational institution that acts as a bridge between students and the corporate world. The society is focused on the academic career and social development of Delft University of Technology students. The society is based in Delft Netherlands. The society has partners at multiple universities worldwide.
 Nower Lodge School was a co-educational independent preparatory school based in Coldharbour Lane Dorking Surrey England for students aged 2 to 11.Nower Lodge School was founded in 1871 and merged with Stanway School Dorking in 2002 [1] to form New Lodge School on the Stanway site. The merged school closed in Summer 2007 [2] due to an ongoing decline in pre-preparatory student numbers.
 Camden Haven High School is a rural school in New South Wales Australia. Consisting of over a thousand students the school presents both distance educational and face-to-face education. The school is 2 km off the Pacific Highway turning East at the Kew traffic lights intersection. Camden Haven High School (CHHS) opened in 2000. A united school culture has been developed by establishing across school management curriculum and special programs working teams.
 Collège-des-Frères (Bab al-Louq) (French) (English: The Brothers' College (Bab al-Louq) (Egyptian Arabic: مدرسة الفرير باب اللوق IPA: [mædˈɾæst el feˈɾeːɾ ˈbæːb elˈluːʔ]) or simply Frères Bab el-Louk is a French school in Bab al-Louq (or Bab el-Louk) a neighborhood in downtown Cairo and is one of six Lasallian schools in Egypt of which four are located in Cairo and two in Alexandria.
 Marlborough College is a co-educational independent school for day and boarding pupils located in Marlborough Wiltshire. Founded in 1843 for the sons of Church of England clergy it is now fully coeducational.The Good Schools Guide described Marlborough as a Famous designer label co-ed boarding school still riding high. The school is a member of the G20 Schools Group.
 William Jewell College is a private four-year liberal arts college of 1100 undergraduate students located in Liberty Missouri U.S. It was founded in 1849 by members of the Missouri Baptist Convention and other civic leaders including Robert S. James a Baptist minister and father of the infamous Frank and Jesse James. It was associated with the Missouri Baptist Convention for over 150 years until its separation in 2003 and is now an independent institution.
 Swiss Cottage Secondary School (abbreviation: SCSS) is a government secondary school in Bukit Batok Singapore.
 The Assam Kaziranga University (known as Kaziranga University) is a Private university established through the Assam Kaziranga University Act 2012 created under Assam Private Universities Act 2007 in the State of Assam India in the year 2012. The University is located near the city of Jorhat in the State of Assam India. The university is one of its kind in the region of North East India offering courses in various fields.
 New York University Abu Dhabi (NYUAD) is a degree-granting liberal arts and research university located in Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates. Together with New York University in New York City and New York University Shanghai the portal campus acts as part of NYU's Global Network University. It was opened in September 2010 and is located in the downtown area of Abu Dhabi.
 Suankularb Wittayalai School (also known as Suankularb College) (Thai: โรงเรียนสวนกุหลาบวิทยาลัย lit. Rose Garden College) (13°44′34.02″N 100°29′53.37″E) is an all-boys secondary school for grades 7th through 12th in Thailand. Founded by King Chulalongkorn in 1882 Suankularb is the oldest public secondary school in the country.
 Valley Springs School District is a public school district in Boone County Arkansas United States which serves the cities of Bellefonte Everton and Valley Springs along with surrounding unincorporated areas within Boone County.
 La Grange High School is a public high school in La Grange Texas (USA). It is a part of the La Grange Independent School District located in central Fayette County and classified as a 3A school by the UIL. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Coker College is a private co-ed four-year liberal arts college located in Hartsville South Carolina. Coker offers a four-year program that emphasizes a practical application of the liberal arts as well as hands-on and discussion-based learning within and beyond the classroom. Coker is ranked among the Best Colleges in the South by U.S. News & World Report as well as The Princeton Review.
 Padbury Senior High School was a government co-educational secondary day school located in Padbury a suburb north of Perth Western Australia. Padbury Senior High School offered a comprehensive education to students from Year 8 to Year 12. Situated in the North West Metropolitan corridor the school drew its students mainly from the suburbs of Hillarys Padbury and Hepburn Heights.
 Pandura Royal College (Sinhala: පානදුර රාජකීය විද්‍යාලය; also known as Royal College Panadura Royal College Panadura Royal Maha Vidyalaya Panadura) is a provincial school in Panadura Sri Lanka. Current students of the school are referred to as Panadura Royalists in local news papers. The school has a cadet corps.
 Sanford–Brown Institute – Garden City is a for-profit technical school located at 711 Stewart Avenue in East Garden City New York and is part of the Sanford-Brown Institute system of schools which are owned by Career Education Corporation. Sanford-Brown Institute’s Garden City school originally known as the Ultrasound Diagnostic School and located in Carle Place New York opened in 2004.
 Marmaduke High School is a comprehensive public high school located in Marmaduke Arkansas United States. It is one of three public high schools in Greene County Arkansas and is the sole high school managed by the Marmaduke School District.
 The Martin Luther King Jr. High School is a public high school located in Lithonia Georgia. It opened in August 2001 as the newest high school in the DeKalb County School System and was named after the late civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr..
 Mordialloc Secondary College or Mordialloc College is a state co-educational secondary school located in the suburbs of Melbourne at Aspendale City of Kingston on the south bank of the Mordialloc Creek.It was founded in February 1924 as the Mordialloc District High School with 148 students who were temporarily accommodated in the Mechanics Institute Hall in Albert Street Mordialloc.
 Rotherham College of Arts and Technology (RCAT) is the largest further education college in Rotherham South Yorkshire England. The college also has one of the largest variety of vocational courses in the South Yorkshire region having a maximum of 2312 courses. The overall college student enrolments is of 32063 a year with 11826 Issued qualifications.The college has two campus locations one in Rotherham and one in Dinnington which are 97 acres of campus.
 Christian Outreach College Toowoomba (known as 'COC') is independent co-educational Christian day school located in Toowoomba Queensland Australia which offers education from kindergarten through grade 12. COCT is a private school which caters for approximately 800 students.[citation needed] Over a quarter of the college campus is sporting grounds (with building plans for some ovals) while the rest is populated with buildings and gardens.
 Balutungi High School is a higher secondary school located in the village of Balutungi in the Murshidabad district West Bengal India.
 The Second University of Naples (Italian: Seconda Università degli Studi di Napoli SUN) is a university located in Caserta and in Naples in its province and Naples (Italy).It was founded in 1991 and is organized into departments and Specialist Schools.The registered office is located in the city of Caserta.Despite having Naples in its name and some facilities in that city it mainly developed in the territory of the province of Caserta particularly including Caserta itself Aversa Capua Marcianise Santa Maria Capua Vetere.
 Central High School is a high school in Tuscaloosa Alabama United States enrolling grades 9 to 12. The school enrolls approximately 700 students and is one of three traditional high schools in the Tuscaloosa City School District along with Paul W. Bryant High School and Northridge High School.
 Sandia High School (SHS) is a Public High School located in the northeast heights of Albuquerque New Mexico. It is a member of the Albuquerque Public Schools district. The current enrollment is 2071.
 The West Bengal National University of Juridical Sciences (WBNUJS or NUJS) is an autonomous law university offering courses at the undergraduate and postgraduate levels. It is in Salt Lake City of Kolkata West Bengal India. NUJS is considered one of the best amongst the elite national law schools in India built on the five-year law degree model proposed and implemented by the Bar Council of India.The university offers a five-year integrated B.A./BSc.
 Edgewater Elementary is a public elementary school in Edgewater British Columbia. It is part of School District 6 Rocky Mountain and is situated in the beautiful Windermere Valley on the Columbia River. The school overlooks the Columbia River wetlands which are the longest contiguous wetlands in North America and in the background is the majestic Rocky Mountains.
 South Aiken High School is a four-year public high school located in Aiken South Carolina. Approximately 1500 students attend the school. South Aiken High School's mascot is the Thoroughbred. In the 2012 edition of the top high schools in the U.S. South Aiken ranked 1079 in the nation and 7th in the state.Nationally acclaimed programs at South Aiken High School include the academic team NJROTC Calliope (literary magazine) and the SAHS chapter of the National FFA Organization.
 Concordia University Chicago is an American private Lutheran liberal arts university located in the village of River Forest Illinois 10 miles west of Chicago.
 The Summit School is a state approved private special education school in New York City. It operates on two campuses in Queens New York and surrounds the St. John's University campus. The Lower School which educates elementary and middle school students utilizes space in the Hillcrest Jewish Center and the Summit's Upper School serves high school students.
 St.Maria Gorret Senior Secondary School Katende(SMAGOK) is a mixed catholic founded school in Mpigi P.O.BOX 5 Mpigi Uganda.[citation needed]
 Grenada Boys' Secondary School (GBSS) is a secondary school in Grenada. It is one of the oldest secondary schools on the island.
 Bridgeport High School is a public high school in Bridgeport Ohio. It is the only high school in the Bridgeport Exempted Village School District. Bridgeport plays in the Ohio Valley Athletic Conference. Their mascot is the Bulldog and the school colors are Columbia blue black and white. The school moved to its current location at 55707 Industrial Dr in January 2007. The new school complex houses all Pre-K - 12 students.
 Heriot-Watt University is a public university based in Edinburgh established in 1821 as the world's first mechanics' institute. It has been a university by Royal Charter since 1966. It has branch campuses in the Scottish Borders Orkney Dubai and Putrajaya in Malaysia.
 King Edward's School (KES) Bath Somerset England is an independent school providing education for 950 pupils aged 3 to 18.The school is a member of The Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference.The school was established in the 16th century in a city centre site. In the 1960s it moved to the outskirts onto a multi building site. In addition to the academic curriculum the schools includes drama music sport and a combined cadet force.
 The UAMS Northwest campus is community-based regional medical campus and a satellite campus of the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences. It is located in the former 325000-square-foot (30200 m2) Washington Regional Medical Center near the VA Hospital in Fayetteville Arkansas and is opening in phases which started in 2009 as part of the nearly $500 million expansion of the UAMS campus in Little Rock.
 The Jorhat Govt. Boys' H.S and M.P. School was established in 1883 during the rule of British. It is situated in Sonaru Path near Head Post Office Jorhat. There are 56 staff and around 1600 students. The language of instruction is Assamese. Students of the Govt.
 San Mateo National High School (SMNHS) is a government-funded secondary educational institution located in the Municipality of San Mateo Rizal in the Philippines.
 Centro Universitário Ítalo Brasileiro (popularly known as UniÍtalo) is a private Brazilian university located in the Santo Amaro district of São Paulo.UniÍtalo offers 18 undergraduate and 27 graduate degree programs. It also offers university extension courses online courses and language courses.
 The Fulton County School System is a school district headquartered in East Point Georgia United States. The system serves the area of Fulton County Georgia outside the Atlanta city limits (which are served by Atlanta Public Schools).
 The Metropolitan Andrey Sheptytsky Institute of Eastern Christian Studies (MASI) is an institute at Saint Paul University in Ottawa Ontario Canada specializing in Eastern Christian Studies.
 The Mencap National College Dilston is a college owned by MENCAP for those with special needs. It is situated in Northumberland approximately 20 miles west of Newcastle-upon-Tyne. The remains of Dilston Castle stand in its grounds.
 Rochdale Sixth Form College is a sixth form college opened in September 2010. The sixth form college campus is situated next to Hopwood Hall College in Rochdale Greater Manchester England forming a further education quarter in the town. Rochdale is the first sixth form college to be opened in the UK since 2004 and the 93rd sixth form college in the country. The college is a member of the Sixth Form College Association (SFCA) and the Association of Colleges (AoC).
 The Auckland Park Academy of Excellence is a Muslim school situated in Auckland Park Johannesburg South Africa. The school was established at the beginning of the academic year 2011. The school's secular curriculum is based on the National Curriculum as stipulated by the Department of Education of the Republic of South Africa.
 Academia San José High School is a Christian school located in Villa Caparra Puerto Rico. The school offers children activities to participate in.
 The Australian College of Optometry is located in Melbourne Victoria Australia. It was founded in 1939 to train optometrists. Optometry training is now undertaken in tertiary institutions however the college continues to work closely with the University of Melbourne and other universities in optometry education. The Department of Optometry and Vision Sciences of the University of Melbourne is located within the Carlton premises of the college.
 Industrial Design Centre (IDC) is a premier design school in India established in 1969 by the Government of India at the campus of Indian Institute of Technology Mumbai (IIT Bombay).Industrial Design Centre offers Master of Design degree (M.Des) programs in Industrial Design Visual Communication Animation Design Interaction Design & Mobility and Vehicle Design as well as a Ph.D program in Design.
 Sparkman High School is a public high school in Harvest Alabama United States. The school was named after senator and former vice presidential nominee John Sparkman. Sparkman is one of the largest schools in Northern Alabama and serves students in grades 10-12. The school's mascot is a Senator. The school has an enrollment of around 2700 students.
 Napoleon High School is a public high school in Napoleon Ohio. It is the only high school in the Napoleon Area City School District. Their nickname is the Wildcats. They are a member of the Northern Lakes League.
 Douglass School in Lexington Kentucky was both a primary and secondary Fayette County Public Schools from 1929 to 1971. Douglass School operated solely for African American students. The building that once housed Douglass School located at 465 Price Road was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Fayette County in 1998.
 David W. Butler High School (commonly referred to as Butler) established in 1997 is located in Matthews North Carolina USA. Butler's campus is 74 acres (300000 m2).46% of the Butler teaching staff hold a master’s degree or above.[citation needed]
 Central Davidson High School (commonly referred as Central or CDHS) is a public high school in Lexington North Carolina USA. Central was established in 1957 and is located along HWY 47.It is part of the Davidson County Public School System and serves parts of the Lexington Southmont Linwood Hedrick's Grove and Holly Grove areas. The school is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
 Reno High School (RHS) is a public secondary school in Reno Nevada that is a part of the Washoe County School District. The school mascot is the Husky and the school's colors are red and blue. Their teams are known as the Reno Huskies.
 Heath Mount School is a co-educational prep school near Watton-at-Stone Hertfordshire. It was founded as Heath Mount Academy in Hampstead and in 1934 it moved to the Woodhall Estate in rural Hertfordshire.
 Youree Drive Middle AP Magnet School is a neighborhood school established in 1959.Youree Drive Middle AP Magnet School has an Advanced Placement Magnet Program which includes a curriculum in math and science. The AP Magnet Program offers students an opportunity to be involved in Advanced Placement classes with teachers labs field trips and hands-on experiences.
 Settlement Music School is a community music school with branches in and around Philadelphia. Founded in 1908 by two young women Jeannette Selig Frank and Blanche Wolf Kohn it is the largest community school of the arts in the United States offering 10000 weekly services at six branches in PA and NJ to thousands of people of all abilities age race and financial means.
 Sutton District High School is a public high school in the York Region District School Board. It is located in Sutton Ontario Canada and serves Grade 9 to 12 students. It is the primary secondary school for most communities in the town of Georgina including Sutton West Pefferlaw and Udora. It had previously served the town's largest community Keswick but this changed with the opening of Keswick High School in 2000.
 Toltecalli High School is a public charter high school located in Tucson Arizona United States. Toltecalli High School is one of three high schools in the Calli Ollin School District located in downtown Tucson.
 Lincoln College (chartered Lincoln University) in Lincoln Illinois was established in 1865 by the Cumberland Presbyterian Church. There were a few sites that were looked at as possibilities and in December 1864 the site of Lincoln was selected. Due to the Civil War the denomination wanted to create a college in the North because the denominations other schools were located in the South. At this same time a movement started in the new community of Lincoln to start a college.
 River Ridge High School (RRHS) commonly referred to as Ridge is an American high school located in Lacey Washington USA and is one of three comprehensive high schools of the North Thurston Public Schools. It was established in 1993 and named for its proximity to the geographical ridge of the Nisqually River valley.
 Alconbury High School is a public high school located in Alconbury England operated by the Department of Defense Education Activity (DoDEA). It is a US publicly funded school. It is not funded by the UK state and is not open to UK nationals. It mainly serves families of USAF personnel based at RAF Alconbury.
 Hawthorne High School is a public High school located in Hawthorne California within the Centinela Valley Union High School District. It opened in 1951 with 9th and 10th grades. The first graduating senior class was that of 1954. It is most notable for its association with The Beach Boys whose original members Brian Carl and Dennis Wilson and Al Jardine who attended the school.
 The Doctor of Musical Arts degree (D.M.A. D.M. D.Mus.A. or A.Mus.D.) is a doctoral academic degree in music. The D.M.A. combines advanced studies in an applied area of specialization (usually music performance composition or conducting) with graduate-level academic study in subjects such as music history music theory or music pedagogy. The D.M.A.
 St. Anselm's Abbey School is an all-boys preparatory school for grades six through twelve in Washington D.C.. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington. The school sits on a 40 acre wooded campus on the Michigan Park neighborhood of the city's Northeast quadrant and is run by the Benedictine monks of Saint Anselm's Abbey.
 Salado High School is a 2A high school located in Salado Texas (USA). It is part of the Salado Independent School District located in southern Bell County. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Jamia Uloom-e-Islamia (Urdu: جامعہ علوم اسلامیہ‎ Jāmi‘ah ‘Ulūm-i Islāmīyah / جامعۃ العلوم الاسلامیہ Jāmi‘atul-‘Ulūmul-Islāmīyah) is an Islamic School situated in Binori Town Karachi Pakistan. The school continues the tradition of the Darul Uloom system initiated by Darul Uloom Deoband. As of 2007 there are about twelve thousand students in different departments of the Jamiah and its branches including a number of foreign students from over sixty countries all over the world.
 Madani Girls School is an Islamic independent secondary school in Whitechapel London Borough of Tower Hamlets East London. As of 2013 the school has 300 students.It also operates a college and Alimah programme. The school opened in September 1991.
 Liceum Ogolnoksztalcace imienia K.E.N. is a high school founded in September 1938 and located at n. 5 of Staszica Street in Stalowa Wola Poland.
 Christ the King Catholic Voluntary Academy (formerly Christ The King School) is a coeducational Roman Catholic secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in Arnold in the English county of Nottinghamshire.Previously a voluntary aided school administered by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Nottingham and Nottinghamshire County Council Christ The King School converted to academy status on 1 October 2012 and was renamed Christ the King Catholic Voluntary Academy.
 Caritas Junior College (カリタス女子短期大学 Karitasu joshi tanki daigaku) is a private Roman Catholic women's junior college in Yokohama Kanagawa Japan established in 1966. It concentrates on French and English foreign language studies.
 The Nigerian Law School was set up by the Federal Government of Nigeria in 1962 to provide a Nigerian legal education to foreign-trained lawyers and to provide practical training for aspiring Legal Practitioners in Nigeria.Until the school was established legal practitioners in Nigeria had received the requisite training in England and had been called to the English Bar.
 St. Louis Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Lake Charles Louisiana. It is the only Catholic high school in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lake Charles.
 Camborne Science and International Academy (formally Camborne Science & Community College) is an academy school and sixth form in Camborne Cornwall England UK. The school teaches 1267 11 to 18 year olds.
 Mifflin High School is a public high school located on the northeast side of Columbus Ohio. It has been part of Columbus City Schools since the early 70's. Previously it was a separate school district. The original high school was located at 3000 Agler Rd in Columbus and is now Mifflin Middle School. The school colors are Blue and White.
 Pleasant Valley School District is a public school district based in Ventura County California United States.
 Stanmore College is in the London Borough of Harrow and was established as a tertiary college in 1987. In 1993 all colleges in the post-16 sector ceased to be controlled by their local education authorities and Stanmore College became a Corporation funded by the Further Education Funding Council and since 2001 by the Learning and Skills Council which has been replaced by successor organisations: the Skills Funding Agency and the Young People’s Learning Agency.
 NAEM illustrated as National Academy for Educational Management is an affiliated academy to the Ministry of Education the Government of the People's Republic of Bangladesh. This academy is dedicated to conducting training on education management research and planning to ensure quality education in the country.
 Yokohama College of Pharmacy (横浜薬科大学 Yokohama yakka daigaku) is a private university in Totsuka-ku Yokohama Kanagawa Prefecture Japan. It was established in 2006 on the site of the former Yokohama Dreamland amusement park converting the existing hotel building into classrooms and a library. It was founded by Yasuhisa Tsuzuki and is operated by his company the Tsuzuki Integrated Educational Institution. The college's president is Nobel-prize laureate Leo Esaki.
 The Royal School of Library and Information Science (RSLIS) (Danish: Det Informationsvidenskabelige Akademi) is an institution that provides higher education in the field of Library and information science. It is based in Copenhagen and Aalborg Denmark. It is member of iSchools a consortium directed to understanding the role of information in nature and human culture.
 St. Paul High School (formerly known as St. Paul's)[citation needed] is a Catholic high school in Ottawa Ontario Canada. The 2011-2012 school census indicated that about 1500 students were enrolled but the estimate for the 2012-2013 year is about 1600.
 Berlin Brothersvalley High School is a small Public High School located in the central Somerset County town of Berlin. The school is connected to the only Middle School and the only Elementary School in the district via an underground tunnel connecting them.
 Universidad Icesi (Icesi University in English) is a private university located in Cali Colombia. The campus is located in the area of Pance south of the city. Founded in 1979 by a group of businessmen in the region the university offers undergraduate programs specializations and masters degree studies. There are 3813 undergraduate 407 masters and 345 specialization students.
 The Plum Borough School District is a midsized suburban public school district serving the Pittsburgh suburb of Plum Pennsylvania. Plum Borough School District encompasses approximately 28 square miles (73 km2). According to 2000 federal census data it served a resident population of 26940. By 2010 the district's population rose to 27131 people. In 2009 the district residents’ per capita income was $20863 while the median family income was $52807.
 Our Lady of Lourdes Catholic School is a private primary school serving pre-kindergarten through 8th grade located in Bethesda Maryland. The school is affiliated with Our Lady of Lourdes parish and is a part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington school system.
 Austral University of Chile (Spanish: Universidad Austral de Chile or UACh) is a research university in Chile based in Valdivia although it has some institutions and careers in Puerto Montt. Founded by decree on 7 September 1954 it is one of the eight original Chilean Traditional Universities. Juridically it is a nonprofit self-owned corporation under private law and is significantly state-financed.
 Pennsylvania College of Technology also known as Penn College is a public university located in Williamsport Pennsylvania affiliated with The Pennsylvania State University. As an applied technology college the school offers certificate associate and baccalaureate degree programs in more than 100 fields of study. The college's student body is 62% male and 76% are full-time.
 Mahatma Basweshwar College Latur is a college located in Latur. It is run by Mahatma Bashweshwar Education Society which also runs the M. S. Bidve Engineering College. It has divisions for Arts Commerce & Science.Students join the college after finishing 12th standard education in schools and may study until bachelor's or master's degree.In the 12th generation hon’ble Mahatma Basaweshwar has commenced the social works in the nature of structural and activism.
 Institute of Chemical Technology Prague (ICT Vysoká škola chemicko-technologická - VŠCHT in Czech) is the largest university specializing in chemistry in the Czech Republic. It was founded in 1952 and since that time it has been one of the leading research spots in Central Europe. More than 2000 students are accepted every year.
 Pikeville High School (PHS) is located in Pikeville Kentucky. Enrollment of grades 7-12 is approximately 560. It is part of the Pikeville Independent Schools.
 Cedar Grove-Belgium High School is a public high school located in Cedar Grove Wisconsin United States. It serves grades 9-12 and is part of the Cedar Grove-Belgium School District. Cedar Grove-Belgium High School has 281 students.
 Deer Valley High School in Antioch California is a public secondary school serving southeast Antioch in Contra Costa County California. It opened in 1996.In 2007 the Antioch Unified School District named Scott Bergerhouse and Clarence Isadore co-principals. The co-principal model has previously been implemented in some larger schools in southern California.
 Stratford Hall an independent coeducational school located on the east side of Vancouver British Columbia Canada opened on September 5 2000. Stratford Hall is Western Canada's only complete International Baccalaureate experience with IB offered from Kindergarten through Grade 12 to all students. The school teaches the International Baccalaureate Primary Years Programme the International Baccalaureate Middle Years Programme and Diploma Programmes.
 St. Patrick's College Thurles (Irish: Coláiste Phádraig Dúrlas Éileis) is a third level college of education in Thurles Co. Tipperary formerly a seminary the College specialises in Humanities courses in Accounting Business Studies Irish and Religious Studies.
 Island College of Technology (ICT) (Malay: Kolej Teknologi Pulau (KTP) ) is a private college in Malaysia. Established in 1998 it was located at Tabung Haji Complex and the college shared the building with the participants of the Hajj. Difficulties arising from sharing the building led to the relocation of ICT to its present location at Sungai Rusa Balik Pulau Pulau Pinang.
 Birkdale High School is an all-boys secondary school with academy status situated in Southport in North West England. Located close to neighbouring schools Christ the King and Greenbank High School (the equivalent girls' school) Birkdale was originally a co-educational school known as Birkdale Secondary Modern School. The school lacks a sixth form and only takes boys from ages 11–16. The uniform consists of a blue blazer black trousers a shirt and a tie. A navy blue jumper is also optional.
 Le Moyne College named after Jesuit missionary Simon LeMoyne is a private Jesuit college in Syracuse New York enrolling over 3500 undergraduate and graduate students. Founded by the Society of Jesus in 1946 Le Moyne is the first Jesuit college to be founded as a co-educational institution.
 Calvin M. Woodward High School is a public high school located in the north side of Toledo Ohio that was built in 1928. It was named after an early advocate for vocational education. The original Woodward Technical High School was located in the former Central High School building at the corner of Adams and Michigan streets (the current site of the Lucas County Main Library) before the present location was chosen.
 Notre Dame High School for Girls is a private Roman Catholic all-girls college prep high school in Chicago Illinois. Notre Dame High School for Girls was founded in 1938 by the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur and in 2009 was incorporated by the Archdiocese of Chicago making it part of the St. Ferdinand Parish. Teaching grades 9-12; it is located on the Northwest side of Chicago at 3115 N. Mason Ave. 60634.
 Lovejoy Library at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville opened in 1965 and is located on the Stratton Quadrangle of the SIUE campus. The library was named for Elijah Parish Lovejoy American Presbyterian minister journalist and newspaper editor who in 1837 was murdered by a mob in nearby Alton for his abolitionist views. Business hours are 7:30 a.m.-1 a.m. Mondays-Thursdays; 7:30 a.m.-9 p.m. Fridays; 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Saturdays and 1 p.m.-1 a.m. Sundays.
 Korea National Open University (KNOUKorean: 한국방송통신대학교) is a national university of South Korea which provides distance learning programs in Korean for more than 180000 students. It was established in 1972 as a branch faculty of Seoul National University with 2-year junior college courses. In 1982 KNOU was separated from SNU and established as a national university launching programs for 4-year undergraduate degrees.
 Some colleges and universities offer programs for which a first undergraduate degree is a pre-requisite but which are usually not considered traditional graduate education. Such programs are sometimes offered under the umbrella of continuing education and may lead to a second graduate degree a certificate or credential or to a pre-medical master's degree in a field such as biomedical or health sciences. These are commonly referred to as post-baccalaureate programs.
 Garden Street Academy is a K-12 independent school located in Santa Barbara California United States. Garden Street was founded as a K-6 school in 2002 and was created under the paradigm that a focus on Social-Emotional Learning (SEL) is critical to academic achievement. Within two years the Middle School program was added followed by the Upper School in 2005. The campus offers classes on a historic site on the Upper Eastside of Santa Barbara encompassing eleven acres.
 Cedar Falls High School is a high school located in Cedar Falls Iowa. It is a part of Cedar Falls Community Schools. The school principal is Dr. Rich Powers. He is a University of Northern Iowa graduate. He replaced Dean Dreyer in the fall of 2006. The school serves 1125 students and 90 teachers.
 Harris Academy Greenwich (formerly Eltham Foundation School) is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in the Eltham area of the Royal Borough of Greenwich in London England.Eltham Foundation School converted to academy status in September 2012 under the sponsorship of the Harris Federation and was renamed Harris Academy Greenwich. Previously it had been a foundation school controlled by Greenwich London Borough Council.
 Immaculate Conception Ukrainian High School was a private Ukrainian Catholic high school in Warren Michigan.
 The Science Academy of South Texas also known as 'SciTech' is a high school in Mercedes Texas United States as part of the South Texas Independent School District. The school serves as an alternative to larger high schools of local independent school districts for students interested in pursuing careers in science technology and engineering. The school's unique curriculum has given it national recognition.
 National Taiwan Sport University (NTSU; Chinese: 國立體育大學; pinyin: Guólì Tǐyù Dàxué) is a university in Guishan Taoyuan Taiwan.
 Valley View Public School is located in the community of Greenwood within Pickering Ontario. Notable for a rich rural and traditional history new residential developments are bringing students from many diverse ethnic backgrounds to Valley View.The school has students in grades JK-8 and offers a wide range of academic and extracurricular activities. In addition to the Academic focus students are actively involved in Athletics and Arts.
 The Pennoni Honors College also called the C.R. and Annette Pennoni Honors College is a college of Drexel University tasked with recognizing and promoting excellence among Drexel students. Unlike the other colleges the Pennoni Honors College encompasses students who are also in one of the other colleges but have applied to and been selected to be a part of the Honors program.
 The Plainview-Old Bethpage Central School District is the public school district which serves the Nassau County Long Island community of Plainview and Old Bethpage and small parts of Farmingdale and Woodbury.
 The Misbourne is a co-educational secondary school in Great Missenden Buckinghamshire. It is a community school which takes children from the age of 11 through to the age of 18. The school has approximately 910 pupils.
 Jeppiaar Engineering College (JEC) is one of the institutions of Jeppiaar Educational Trust and was established on 15 August 2001. The college is a Christian Minority Institution.
 QSI International School of Chengdu (Chinese: 成都美国学校) is a school in Chengdu China. The school is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools.[citation needed]
 St. George's R.C. Primary School is a Roman Catholic primary school in Enfield Town North London and has been in existence on its site in Gordon Road Enfield 1939. With the current popularity of the school means that there is regular and heavy oversubscription resulting in a stable roll. The present headteacher was appointed in January 1989 she is supported by a management team of three and a staff.
 Apollo Priyadarshanam Institute of Technology is a co-educational institution located in Chennai Tamil Nadu India.
 Adama Science and Technology University (formerly known as Nazareth Technical College Nazareth College of Technical Teachers Education and Adama University) is a university with branches in Adama city and a branch in Asella and Debre Zeyit cities Oromia Region Ethiopia and also in Addis Ababa (Winget campus).
 The Nancy Campbell Collegiate Institute is a pre-K through 12th/OAC grades (day-school or residential) Canadian accredited international private Bahá'í school formerly in London Ontario Canada. Emphasizing its twin pillars of academic excellence and a clear moral framework NCCI satisfies the Ministry of Education (Ontario) standards leading to the Ontario Secondary School Diploma (OSSD).
 The University of Michigan–Flint (commonly referred to as UM–Flint) is a public university located in Flint Michigan in the United States. It is one of the two University of Michigan satellite campuses.
 Bishop Keough Regional High School is a private Roman Catholic all-girls high school in Pawtucket Rhode Island. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Providence.
 Birla Institute of Technology & Science Pilani - K.K.Birla Goa Campus (also known as BITS Pilani Goa Campus or BPGC) is a technical and science institute for higher education in India located in GoaIndia. Founded in 2004 the institute is one of four campuses of the university BITS Pilani. As a campus of BITS Pilani Birla Institute follows the curriculum teaching methodology and educational practices of BITS Pilani including the Practice school system.
 Kennedy High School is a public high school located in Cedar Rapids Iowa that is well known for its excellence in academics athletics and the performing arts. Kennedy was founded in 1967. The building was dedicated by Senator Edward M. Kennedy younger brother of the school's namesake President John F. Kennedy. The school's athletic teams are known as the Cougars.
 Karampon Shanmuganathan Maha Vidyalayam is a provincial school in Karampon Sri Lanka.
 Al-Baath University (Arabic: جامعة البعث‎) founded in 1979 is a public university located in the city of Homs Syria 180 km north of Damascus. It is Syria's fourth largest university.The university was established in 1979; it was established by Presidential Decree No. 44 issued by Hafez Al-Assad.[citation needed]Al-Baath University has 22 faculties 5 intermediate institutes 40000 regular students 20000 students in open learning 1310 high studies students and 622 faculty members.
 Frontier School of the Bible is a small Bible Institute located in La Grange Wyoming United States. It is neither accredited or state approved as an institution of higher education.The school opened its doors on September 5 1967 and was founded by Rev. Richard LeBar and Rev. Dan Johnson. It currently offers a residential college experience with a variety of student groups and clubs.
 St. James High School (SJHS) is a private school under the Roman Catholic order founded by the priests of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart located in Buenavista Agusan del Norte and run by the Diocese of Butuan Butuan City Philippines.The main campus of the institution is located at the eastern area of the Parish grounds where a 2-storey building with 14 classrooms is located. It is the only Catholic school in the town.
 The Polytechnic of Namibia locally also known as Poly or Polytechnic is an institute of tertiary education in Windhoek Namibia. It has been established by Act 33 / 1994 of the Namibian Parliament.
 The University of South Dakota School of Law located in Vermillion South Dakota USA is a professional school of the University of South Dakota and the only law school in the state of South Dakota. The school offers a Juris Doctor (J.D.) and joint degrees with J.D./M.P.A. J.D./M.B.A. J.D./M.S.A J.D./M.A. J.D./M.P.A. It is located on the USD campus in Vermillion in the southeastern part of the state near the Missouri River and the Iowa and Nebraska borders.
 Kingsdale Foundation School is a mixed secondary school with academy status in West Dulwich Southwark South London England with an age range of 11–19. Admissions to the school are coordinated by the Southwark London Borough Council.The school was built by the London County Council and opened in 1958. It was originally built to accommodate close to 2000 pupils.
 True Light Girls' College (TLGC Chinese: 真光女書院) is a Christian girls' secondary school in Kowloon Hong Kong. It was founded in 1973 to commemorate the centenary of the first True Light Middle School which was founded in 1872 in Canton by an American missionary Ms Harriet Noyes. It is run by the Kowloon True Light Middle School Management Board with assistance of the Hong Kong Council of the Church of Christ in China.The school is an aided EMI secondary school.
 Canisius College /kəˈniːʃəs/ is a private college in Buffalo New York United States. The college was founded in 1870 by members of the Society of Jesus (Jesuits) from Germany and is named after St. Peter Canisius. The college is one of 28 institutions in the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities.
 Herron School of Art and Design a school of Indiana University was ranked 45th overall by U.S. News and World Report among graduate schools of fine arts in 2008.Located on the campus of Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis (IUPUI) Herron enrolls nearly 900 students in bachelor and master degree programs including fine arts visual communication design visual art art education and art history.
 Needham Bryant Broughton High School or simply Broughton High School is one of the flagship schools of the Wake County Public School System. It is located at 723 St. Mary's Street Raleigh North Carolina United States. Broughton was named after the Raleigh businessman and politician Needham B. Broughton who contributed much to the public schools of the area. Broughton is currently ranked 410th in Newsweek's list of the top United States schools.
 Ffairfach Primary School is a school located in the village center of Ffairfach its nearest town is Llandeilo. The infants from the age 2 to 4 are organized in Cylch Meithrin Ffairfach. The foundation level is taught in Ysgol Ffairfach. The school is off Bethlehem Road accessible by bus.The first schoolmaster Mr. David Morgan is the author of The Story of Carmarthenshire(1908).
 The Polytechnic Institute of Leiria (IPL) is a public institution of Higher Education that offers courses of training on an Undegraduate Degree Masters Post-Graduate Technology Specialization and Preparation Courses for Access to Higher Education level.
 Michel de Montaigne Bordeaux 3 University (French: Université Michel de Montaigne Bordeaux 3) is a French university based in Bordeaux (Gironde). It is under the Academy of Bordeaux.
 MiraCosta College is a public California community college serving coastal North San Diego County. The main campus is located in Oceanside California United States at 1 Barnard Drive. The San Elijo campus is located in Cardiff-by-the-Sea. The Community Learning Center in also located in Oceanside on Mission Avenue.
 Seoul Foreign Language High School (Hangeul: 서울외국어고등학교 서울외고; Hanja: 京城外國語高等學校) is private preparatory school located in Seoul and is considered one of the most prestigious private preparatory high schools in South Korea. Classified as a Foreign Language High School by the Korean Ministry of Education Science and Technology's categorization of Special Purpose High Schools Seoul FLHS's curriculum is centered on the specialized education of various European and Asian languages.
 The University of Žilina was established on October 1 1953 as the College of Railways in Prague. In 1959 the institution changed its name to the University of Transport and moved to Žilina.
 Murray County High School is a public high school located in Chatsworth Georgia. Part of Murray County School District the school colors are green and white and the mascot is the Indians. In athletics it competes as a Division AAA school in the Georgia High School Association.
 Frinton-on-Sea Primary School is a primary school located within the level crossing in Frinton on Sea Essex.The headteacher of the school is Ms J. M. Dear who was appointed in January 2006 replacing Mr. Burbridge. Frinton Primary School has over 9000 students.
 Mill Chase Academy is a comprehensive secondary school for 11-16 year olds. It is located in Bordon Hampshire England. It has around 650 pupils both male and female. The school was founded in 1958 and remains the only secondary education college in Bordon. Mill Chase's latest Ofsted report was dated 8–9 February 2012 with a followup inspection in October 2012. The current executive principal at the academy is Mrs.Margaret Eva (OBE). Mr.
 Rajah Serfoji Government Arts College is a college in Thanjavur India.
 Dr. Leonides Gonzalez Cigarroa High School is a high school located in Laredo Independent School District in Laredo in Webb County in south Texas. Grades nine through twelve are taught there. It serves students living in south Laredo. It has a student population of about 1300. The school's namesake is a late medical doctor.
 Trinity Catholic College is an independent co-educational secondary college located over two adjacent campuses on the northern fringe of Lismore New South Wales Australia.
 Die Hoërskool Menlopark (Menlo Park High School) is a public Afrikaans medium co-educational high school located in Menlo Park Pretoria in the Gauteng province of South Africa. Some learners call themselves Parkies.[citation needed] Menlopark is one of the most prestigious schools in South Africa.[citation needed]
 Kazi Tajuddeen ITI (காஜி தாஜுத்தீன் தொழிற் பயிற்சி நிலையம்) is an Industrial training institute in Kazimar street Madurai It is a Muslim minority industrial training institution run by the Kazi Tajudeen society. It is affiliated to the National Council for Vocational Training (NCVT) and is the first Muslim ITI in Madurai and among the oldest academic institutions in Madurai. The institute offers 3 training courses as full-time.
 Kyoto Computer Gakuin (KCG) is Japan's first private computer educational institution in Japan founded in 1963 by Yasuko and Shigeo Hasegawa. KCG is the main institution of the KCG Group. KCG’s Eki-mae is the main campus which is centrally located near the Kyoto Station. KCG also has other sites at the Kamogawa Campus which houses the Computer Graphics Art Department and the Rakuhoku Campus where the Computer Informatics Department is found.
 Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad College of Engineering Sultanpur (JNTUH CES or JNTS) is a university focusing on engineering located in Sultanpur(V) Pulkal(M) Medak district Andhra Pradesh India. Founded in 2012.A new milestone in the history of Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad is the beginning of another Constituent Engineering College situated at Sultanpur in Medak District from the Academic Year 2012-13.
 Daphne High School is a secondary school located in Daphne Alabama United States. The school which serves grades 9-12 is a part of the Baldwin County Public Schools district. Students at the school live in the city of Daphne and its surrounding unincorporated areas and the city of Loxley. Daphne High School's mascot is the Trojan.The school has 1300 students and offers the International Baccalaureate program.2012 National Blue Ribbon School
 South Amboy Middle High School is a six-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in seventh through twelfth grades from South Amboy in Middlesex County New Jersey United States as part of the South Amboy Public Schools.As of the 2010-11 school year the school had an enrollment of 508 students and 37.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis) for a student–teacher ratio of 13.73:1.
 Plainsburg Elementary Sch Dist is a public school district based in Merced County California United States.
 The University of Zululand (also known as Unizulu) has been designated to serve as the only comprehensive tertiary educational institution north of the Tugela River in KwaZulu-Natal South Africa. Its new status is in accordance with South Africa's National Plan for Higher Education aimed at eradicating inequity and costly duplication.
 The Maple Valley Public School District is a public school district in Barnes and Cass counties in the U.S. state of North Dakota based in Tower City North Dakota.
 Crofton School is a coeducational foundation secondary school located in Stubbington Hampshire England. The school has around 1200 students aged between 11-16 (years 7 to 11.) The school accepts pupils from the areas of: Stubbington Hill Head Titchfield Peel Common Gosport and Locks Heath. Crofton opened in 1974 as a purpose-built mixed comprehensive school. Matthew Leeming was head of the school from 2007 until 2013.
 Forest Ridge School of the Sacred Heart is a private Roman Catholic all-girls middle school and high school in Bellevue Washington USA. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Seattle. The school is a member of the Society of the Sacred Heart schools and is part of the global Network of Sacred Heart Schools. Forest Ridge educates girls in grades 5 through 12. It is an International Baccalaureate World School.
 New Hope Christian College formerly known as Eugene Bible College is a private four-year Bible college located on a 36-acre (15 ha) campus in Eugene Oregon United States. The curriculum centers on the vocational application of Biblical training including pastoral studies Christian counseling Christian education intercultural studies worship arts and youth ministry.
 Kingsway Campus Auckland Park also known as APK is the largest and most populated campus of the University of Johannesburg. It is also the seat of the administration and governance body of the university. The campus was formerly the only educational campus of the Rand Afrikaans University. The campus gets its name from a major Johannesburg road Kingsway Avenue that runs along the north-east side of the campus.
 Ideal Mini School is a public secondary mini school in Vancouver British Columbia. It is a complete grade 8–12 high school program. It is generally accepted as the steward school of Sir Winston Churchill Secondary although it is run independently under the leadership of head teacher Jim King.
 Calallen High School is a public high school serving grades 9–12. The school is located in the Calallen Independent School District in northwest Corpus Christi Texas. The school is known for its Advanced Placement program which ranks in the top 5 percent in the state of Texas. The school is also known for its high athletic success in football baseball basketball volleyball and the Pride of Calallen Wildcat Band.
 Wayne County Community College District (WCCCD) is a community college district with its headquarters in Downtown Detroit Michigan.
 Clear Lake High School (CLHS) is a public high school located in Lakeport California. Is the only comprehensive high school in the Lakeport Unified School District. Situated on the shore of Clear Lake it is the oldest school in Lake County. It was named a California Distinguished School in 2011.
 The Touro College of Osteopathic Medicine (TouroCOM) is a private American osteopathic medical school located in the neighborhood of Central Harlem in New York City New York. The university's inaugural class was in 2007 and graduated its first class in 2011. TouroCOM currently has a student body of about 514 students.
 The Central Valley School District was established on July 1 2009. It comprises the former Center Area and Monaca school districts and includes the municipalities of Center Township Potter Township and Monaca Borough in Beaver County Pennsylvania. The Central Valley School District represents the first “Voluntary” merger of public school districts in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The district encompasses approximately 23 square miles (60 km2).
 St. John's School is a secondary school located within the British military complex Episkopi Cantonment in southern Cyprus and is run by the Service Children's Education. It is one of two schools serving the military families and employees of the Western Sovereign Base Area (WSBA). Younger children attend Episkopi Primary School.It is a sister school of King Richard School the main secondary school at the Dhekelia Garrison Eastern Sovereign Base Area (ESBA).
 Ramtha's School of Enlightenment (RSE) is an American spiritual school near the rural town of Yelm Washington. The school was established in 1988 by JZ Knight who claims to channel a 35000-year-old being called Ramtha the Enlightened One. The school's teachings are based on these channeling sessions.
 London Contemporary Dance School (informally LCDS) is a contemporary dance school located in London United Kingdom and a part of the Conservatoire for Dance and Drama. It was founded by Robin Howard in 1966 to train new dancers for his company London Contemporary Dance Theatre.LCDS is based at The Place in the Bloomsbury area of Central London close to the Senate House complex of the University of London RADA and University College London.
 Ambedkar Polytechnic (Hindi: अम्बेडकर पॉलिटेक्निक) is a Government Engineering College Located in Shakarpur Delhi India.It was established in 1986 under Department of Training and Technical Education (DTTE) Government of Delhi.The Institute is affiliated with the Board of Technical Education Delhi and All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) New Delhi.It was named after B. R.
 Sekolah Menengah Sultan Abdul Halim or better known as SMSAH is a premier boarding school located in Jitra Kubang Pasu Kedah.Established in 1963 under Razak Report it is the first boarding school in Kedah. The school is nickname as Jenan.
 Franklin High School is a public high school located in Stockton California United States.The school's colors are green and gold. Their school mascot is the yellow jacket. They are one of the many schools that have the I.B. program through the International Baccalaureate Academy. The school also has the federal program Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps (JROTC). The principal is Juan Salas.
 Dougherty Valley High School (commonly Dougherty Dougherty Valley Dougherty Valley High DVHS or DV High) is a public high school located in the Windemere development of San Ramon California USA. Dougherty is one of four high schools in the San Ramon Valley Unified School District (SRVUSD) along with California High School San Ramon Valley High School and Monte Vista High School.
 Founded in 1997 Gann Academy is a coeducational Jewish high school located in Waltham Massachusetts. Gann provides a high-quality challenging nurturing and inspiring education that integrates intensive Jewish studies with the sciences arts and humanities. As one of the nation’s leading pluralistic Jewish schools Gann serves as a model and an important resource for educators and others seeking to build pluralistic communities that enhance students’ intellectual and personal development.
 Liceo Francisco Antonio Encina Armanet (English: Francisco Antonio Ercina Arman High School) is a Chilean high school located in Las Cabras Cachapoal Province Chile.
 Pleasant Valley School District is a midsized rural public school district in the west end of Monroe County Pennsylvania in the United States. The district encompasses approximately 114 square miles (300 km2) including: Chestnuthill Eldred Polk and Ross Townships as well as communities in them such as Brodheadsville. According to 2000 federal census data it serves a resident population of 29051.
 The Fredric G. Levin College of Law is the law school of the University of Florida located in Gainesville Florida.
 The Harid Conservatory is a ballet training school for high-school age students. It was established in 1987 and is located in Boca Raton Florida. It offers four-year curriculum includes ballet and related dance courses. Students are enrolled at an online school set up at the campus to complete their studies.
 Lafayette Senior High School (LHS) is a public high school located in Lexington Kentucky's Picadome neighborhood. The school is one of five high schools in the Fayette County Public Schools district. It is among the largest high schools in Kentucky.
 The Phyllis J. Washington College of Education and Human Sciences is home to five University of Montana departments: Communicative Sciences and Disorders Counselor Education Curriculum and Instruction Educational Leadership Health and Human Performance as well as the Intercultural Youth and Family Development Program and the Institute of Educational Research and Service.
 Hazen High School is an accredited public secondary school located in rural distant community of Hazen Arkansas United States. The school provides comprehensive education to more than 150 students annually in grades nine through twelve. Hazen High School is one of two public high schools in Prairie County and is the sole high school administered by the Hazen School District.
 Pacific Union Elementary School District is a public school district based in Arcata Humboldt County California United States.
 Windsor Secondary School is a grade 8-12 high school in North Vancouver British Columbia Canada.
 The ENPC School of International Management (ENPC SIM) also known as ENPC MBA Paris is the business school of France's oldest engineering school and one of the most renowned French grandes écoles: the École National des Ponts et Chaussées (ENPC) today renamed École des Ponts ParisTech (Paris Institute of Technology).
 Wethersfield High School is the only senior high school in Wethersfield Connecticut.
 Tulse Hill School was a large comprehensive school for boys in Upper Tulse Hill in the London Borough of Lambeth in south London England. The school spanned eight floors and had almost two thousand pupils. It opened in 1956 and closed in 1990. Notable alumni included Ken Livingstone ex London Mayor.
 The Wilder Middle-High School is a combined middle and high school in Wilder Idaho United States. Located off Huff Road the school had a total enrollment of 185 in the 2010-2011 school year almost 80% of whom were Hispanic.
 Soledad High School is a Public Secondary School located in SoledadCalifornia. It was opened in 1999 and is currently the largest high school in the South Monterey County serving grades 9 through 12. As of 2013 the school currently has approximately 1401 students. Soledad High School's mascot is the Aztec Warrior. The school is currently being run by its seventh Principal in 15 years.
 Waseda University Senior High School (早稲田大学高等学院 Waseda Daigaku Kōtō Gakuin) is a high school in Japan located in Tokyo. It was founded in 1920 as a high school attached to Waseda University. Its motto is independence of learning (学問の独立 gakumon-no-dokuritsu).[citation needed] which is the same motto as for Waseda University.
 Greenall School also known as Greenall High School is a secondary education institute located in Balgonie Saskatchewan which offers grades 9 through 12. It serves students from Balgonie as well as the nearby towns/communities of Coppersands Edenwold Kronau McLean Muscowpetung First Nations Pilot Butte and White City.
 Tufts University is a private research university located in Medford/Somerville near Boston in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. The university is organized into ten schools including two undergraduate programs and eight graduate divisions on four campuses in Massachusetts and the French Alps. The university emphasizes active citizenship and public service in all of its disciplines and is known for its internationalism and study abroad programs.
 Anchor Bay High School is a four-year secondary school located in Fair Haven Michigan (St.Clair County) and it is part of the Anchor Bay School District. Anchor Bay graduates approximately 500 students each year and there are over 1800 enrolled. As of 2010 the school principal is Joe McDonald.
 Homestead High School is a four-year high school serving north western Cupertino western Sunnyvale and portions of southern Los Altos in Santa Clara County California. Established in 1962 the school serves 2270 students in grades 9 to 12 as part of the Fremont Union High School District (FUHSD).
 Clayfield College is an independent Uniting Church and Presbyterian day and boarding school predominantly for girls located in Clayfield an inner-northern suburb of Brisbane Queensland Australia.Founded in 1931 the college has a non-selective enrolment policy and caters for approximately 945 students from Prep to Year 12 including 110 boarders from Years 5 to 12. Boys are enrolled from Prep to Year 5 and girls from Pre-Prep to Year 12.
 St Augustine College in Malta was established as a Catholic school for boys by the Order of Saint Augustine in 1848. Mons. Fra. Gaetano Pace dei Baroni Forno O.S.A. founded it in Valletta next door to the church of St. Augustine. It has since been relocated to Pietà.
 The Maritime University of Gdynia (Polish: Akademia Morska w Gdyni) is one of two colleges in Poland which specialises in educating highly qualified officers for maritime industry especially for merchant navy.
 The Escola Superior de Ciências Empresariais (ESCE) or in English School of Business Sciences is a public institution of higher education part of the Polytechnic Institute of Setúbal. The School was established in 1994 by Decree-Law n.
 The Confederate States Naval Academy was an undergraduate academy in Richmond Virginia of the Confederate States of America that educated and commissioned officers of the Confederate States Navy. The CS Naval Academy was established by an act of the Congress of the Confederate States on April 21 1862 and graduated a number of midshipmen before being disbanded on May 2 1865 in Abbeville South Carolina subsequent to the fall of the Confederate States.
 Matej Bel University (commonly referred as Matej Bel or UMB) (Slovak: Univerzita Mateja Bela) is a public research university in the central Slovak town of Banská Bystrica. The University was established on July 1 1992 and inaugurated on October 23 1992. It bears the name of Matthias Bel an outstanding Lutheran scholar of the 18th century.
 Wa Ying College (Chinese: 華英中學) is a secondary school in Hong Kong located at 8 Sheung Wo Street Homantin Kowloon Hong Kong. The school is managed by the Methodist Church Hong Kong.
 Gordon Bell High School is a public junior and senior high school in Winnipeg Manitoba.
 New Line Learning Academy (formerly Oldborough Manor Community School) is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in Loose (near Maidstone) in the English county of Kent.The school converted to academy status on 1 September 2007 and was renamed New Line Learning Academy. The school is now sponsored by The Future Schools Trust but it was previously a foundation school administered by Kent County Council.
 Prince George's Community College (PGCC) is a community college located in the unincorporated community of Largo in Prince George's County Maryland United States. The college serves Prince George's County Maryland and surrounding areas including Washington DC.
 Central Westmoreland Career and Technology Center or CWCTC is located in New Stanton Pennsylvania. CWCTC is a part-time Vocational-Educational School with 10 sending school districts. Students also receive their Physical And Health Educations at the center and are also assigned a student-services counselor according to their last name
 Manava Bharati India International School (MBIIS) is an international school located in Panchsheel Park South Delhi India adjacent to Sadhna Enclave built on eight acres.
 Shepard Broad Law Center (also referred to as NSU Law and Nova Law) is the law school of Nova Southeastern University housed in the Leo Goodwin Sr. Hall located on the school's main campus in Davie Florida in the United States. The school offers full-time day and part-time evening programs.
 Mother Mary Ward elementary school is a part of the Dufferin-Peel Catholic District School Board and is a feeder school for St. Thomas Aquinas Secondary School (Brampton).The official closing ceremony occurred on June 2 2010 at 6:30 pm.
 The Banff International Research Station (BIRS) for Mathematical Innovation and Discovery was established in 2003. It provides an independent research institute for the mathematical sciences in North America a counterpart to the Mathematical Research Institute of Oberwolfach in Europe. The research station commonly known by its acronym BIRS hosts over 2000 international scientists each year to undertake research collaboration in the mathematical sciences.
 Kingwood Park High School is a high school located within the Kingwood community of Houston Texas United States. Kingwood Park is a part of the Humble Independent School District. On average Kingwood Park serves approximately 1700 students.In 2008 the school was classified as a 4A school putting it in District 19-4A. The school's mascot is the black panther and its colors are silver green and black. In December 2011 Larry Cooper retired from being principal of Kingwood Park High School.
 Notre Dame College (Bengali: নটর ডেম কলেজ) or NDC is a higher secondary school as well as a degree college affiliated to the National University. It is situated in Dhaka Bangladesh and is administrated by the Congregation of Holy Cross Society of Priests. (In the Indian subcontinent as in the UK higher secondary schools comprising the 11th and 12th year of education are often referred to as 'colleges'). The college also offers three-year degree program Bachelor of Arts (B.A.
 Gazi Anatolian High School (Gazi in short) is a co-educational Anatolian High School in Ankara Turkey. It was founded under the name Söğütözü Anatolian High School in 1984. In 1986 it moved to its current location and adopted the current name.
 Thomas A. DeVilbiss High School was a public high school in Toledo Ohio United States from 1931 to June 1991. It was part of the Toledo Public School District and served students from the following elementary schools: DeVeaux Elmhurst Grove Patterson Longfellow Mayfair McKinley Nathan Hale Old Orchard and Whittier.
 Swindon College is a further education college in Swindon England. Its campus is at North Star just outside the town centre. The college has HNC/Ds and Foundation Degrees through to B.A. (Hons) courses and a postgraduate programme.It is also the provider of The Fitness Academy based at Centre Fitness gym.
 St. Mary's School is a coeducational independent Roman Catholic college preparatory school in Medford Oregon. St. Mary’s School was founded in 1865 as a boarding and day school to serve pioneering families throughout southern Oregon and northern California. Today it provides a college preparatory curriculum for students in grades 6-12. The 24-acre campus is located in east Medford.
 Benjamin High School or Benjamin School is a public high school located in Benjamin Texas (United States) and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. It is part of the Benjamin Independent School District located in north central Knox County. Benjamin School has all grades (K-12) in one building. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 St Cuthbert's Society colloquially known as Cuths is one of sixteen collegiate bodies within the University of Durham. It was founded in 1888 for students who were not attached to the existing colleges. St Cuthbert's Society is a Bailey college based on Durham's peninsula next to the River Wear although it also has other accommodation elsewhere within the city.St Cuthbert's retains its title of 'society' although its workings have changed since its formation.
 Stamford High School is a high school founded in 1873 in Stamford Connecticut. Famous alumni of the school include U.S. Senator Joseph Lieberman.
 Cologne Business School GmbH (CBS) is a private business school established in 1993 in the city of Cologne Germany. The business school is a state-recognized university of applied science and conducts research in many fields. CBS was established in 2011 in cooperation with Dr.
 Virginia University of Lynchburg is a private historically black university located in Lynchburg Virginia. The university currently offers instruction and degrees primarily in religious studies including a Doctorate of Ministry program.
 Briarcrest Christian School is an independent coeducational college preparatory school with two campuses in Shelby County Tennessee in Memphis (2 year old to Grade 5) and Eads (3 year old to Grade 12).
 Sanford–Brown Institute – Iselin opened in 1984. The school is an additional location of the main Sanford-Brown campus in Jacksonville Florida.SBI - Iselin offers programs in Cardiovascular Technology Advanced Massage Therapy Medical Billing and Coding Specialist Medical Assistant Pharmacy Technician Diagnostic Medical Sonography and Surgical Technology.
 Academy of Integrated Christian Studies is a ecumenical seminary situated in Aizawl Mizoram. It is affiliated to the Senate of Serampore College (University). It is affiliated to the Senate of Serampore College (University). The College is operated by the Baptist Church of Mizoram.
 Sacred Heart High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Ville Platte Louisiana. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lafayette.
 Johnson University (formerly known as Johnson Bible College) is a private Christian co-educational college located six miles (10 km) southeast of Knoxville Tennessee in the Kimberlin Heights community.
 Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad (JNTU Hyderabad) is a university focusing on engineering located in Hyderabad India. Founded in 1965 as the Nagarjuna Sagar Engineering College it was established as a university in 1972 by The Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Act 1972 also combining colleges in Kakinada and Anantapur.
 The Latin University of Panama (Universidad Latina de Panamá) is a private university located in Panama City Panama. Established in 1991 it is now considered as one of the largest private universities in the country.
 Monsignor Paul Dwyer Catholic High School is a Catholic Secondary School located at 700 Stevenson Road North in the city of Oshawa Ontario Canada.
 Mckinleyville Union Elementary School District is a public school district based in Humboldt County California United States.
 Francis Howell Central High School (abbreviated FHC) is the third high school created in the Francis Howell School District. The school is located in Cottleville Missouri but a large part of its student population comes from its larger neighbor St. Peters. Home of the Spartans Francis Howell Central is a four-year comprehensive high school offering programs in college preparatory vocational honors/advanced credit advanced placement and a special education program.[citation needed]
 The Urban Academy Laboratory High School (also known as the Urban Academy) is a small progressive transfer public high school located on the Upper East Side of New York City. Founded in 1986 its goal was to create a place where students could learn in a nontraditional sense. In 1995 it became one of six small schools located in the Julia Richman Education Complex.The structure of the classes is non-traditional. Teachers don't lecture; rather they facilitate class discussions.
 The Academy of the Holy Names in Tampa Florida is an independent Catholic coeducational elementary school and a college preparatory high school for young women sponsored by the Sisters of the Holy Names of Jesus and Mary. It is also the oldest Catholic school on Florida's West Coast and the second oldest high school in the state.With a tradition steeped in concern for social justice the Academy has built a strong academic reputation since its founding in 1881.
 Keystone College is a small private competitive liberal arts college located in Northeastern Pennsylvania. Its official mailing address is La Plume Pennsylvania in Lackawanna County; however much of the campus is in Factoryville Pennsylvania in Wyoming County. The school was founded in 1868.Keystone College encourages civility integrity and curiosity through a comprehensive liberal arts education. Keystone is committed to environmental stewardship physically culturally and academically.
 Tigard High School is a public high school located in Tigard Oregon United States.
 Lake Wales High School is a high school located in Lake Wales Florida serving the city of Lake Wales and nearby communities such as Frostproof Florida Dundee Florida and Winter Haven Florida.
 Kyoto Prefectural University (京都府立大学 Kyōto furitsu daigaku) Fudai (府大) or Kyōfudai (京府大) for short is one of the public universities in Japan. Its campus is located in Nakaragi-cho Shimogamo Sakyo-ku Kyoto.
 Sri Jagadguru Chandrasekaranathaswamiji Institute of Technology also known as SJCIT is an Engineering college established in the year 1986 under Sri Balagangdharanatha Swamiji. It is located in the city of Chikballapur in the Chikballapur district of Karnataka in India and 20 Kilometers from Bangalore international airport. SJCIT is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University.
 Umrer College of Engineering (UCOE) is a four-year engineering college located near Orange City Nagpur India. It is affiliated to RTMNU (Nagpur University) and accredited by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) New Delhi.
 Immaculata-LaSalle High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in the Coconut Grove neighborhood of Miami Florida. It is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Miami and located between Mercy Hospital and Vizcaya on South Bayshore Drive.The school was officially founded as Immaculata Academy a Roman Catholic college preparatory school for girls on September 1 1958. The Sisters of St. Joseph Congregation of St. Augustine FL were the school's founding religious order.
 The University of Arkansas at Monticello is a four-year liberal arts university located in Monticello Arkansas United States with Colleges of Technology located in Crossett and McGehee Arkansas. UAM is part of the University of Arkansas System and offers master's degrees baccalaureate degrees and associate (two-year) degrees in a variety of fields.
 Findlay High School is a public high school in Findlay Ohio. It is the only high school in the Findlay City School District and the second largest high school in northwest Ohio. Their nickname is the Trojans. They are members of the Three Rivers Athletic Conference. They have a respected performing arts program with multiple groups winning state and national championships. The journalism program also stands out winning annual awards for the student newspaper.
 Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences also RIMS is a Government Medical College located in Ongole. It is affiliated to NTR University of Health Sciences.
 Pleasantville High School is in the Village of Pleasantville within the Town of Mount Pleasant in Westchester County New York. It is a comprehensive high school that provides a broad range of academic and educational programs designed to meet the needs of individual students. A full complement of extra-curricular activities including the performing and visual arts sports and academic and service clubs provide for the diverse interests of the student body.
 Barasat Government College (BGC) is a state Government-owned college in Barasat of West Bengal state of India. The College was established in 1950 and is affiliated with the West Bengal State University and run by the Government of West Bengal. It was formerly affiliated with the University of Calcutta.The college has two shifts- Morning and Day.
 The Felixton College is a small school based 15 minutes outside of Empangeni KwaZulu-Natal South Africa in the village of Felixton. It caters from junior school to high school (grades (grades RRR–R and 1–12). The Felixton College is a member of the Independent Examinations Board (IEB) a South African independent assessment agency which offers examinations for various client schools. The school offers numerous sports and after school activities.
 The Carol I National Defence University (Romanian: Universitatea Naţională de Apărare Carol I (UNAp)) is an institution of higher education located in Bucharest Romania. It was established in 1889 under the War Superior School name. In 2005 it was named in honor of the Romanian King Carol I.Carol I National Defence University seeks to train military and civilian experts in security and national defence.
 Stellar Charter School is a K-12 public charter school in Redding California United States. The school is part of the Redding Elementary School District. It has an enrollment of 98 students. In September 2007 Stellar Charter was certified by the California Charter Schools Association.The school used to serve only students from kindergarten to fifth grade. Years later the school added middle school classes.
 A.R.S. Armenian School (Հ.Օ.Մ.-ի Ամէնօրեայ Վարժարան (H.Ō.M.-i Amēnōryeah Varzharan) in Armenian) (also called A.R.S. Day School or A.R.S. Armenian Private School) is the largest co-educational Armenian-Canadian trilingual and bi-cultural day school in Ontario catering to students from Kindergarten through to Grade 12.
 Athens University of Economics and Business (AUEB) (Greek: Οικονομικό Πανεπιστήμιο Αθηνών Oikonomiko Panepistimio Athinon abbrev. Ο.Π.Α. OPA) was founded in 1920 in Athens Greece. Its buildings are housed on Patision Street.Before 1989 the university was known in Greek as the Supreme School of Economics and Business (Ανωτάτη Σχολή Οικονομικών και Εμπορικών Επιστημών Anotati Scholi Oikonomikon kai Emborikon Epistimon abbrev.
 The School of Computer Science (SOCS) is a department in the Faculty of Science at McGill University in Montreal. The school is the second most funded computer science department in Canada. It currently has 34 faculty members 60 Ph.D. students and 100 Masters students.
 The Chabot-Las Positas Community College District is a public school district based in Alameda County California in the United States. Colleges in the district include Chabot College in Hayward California and Las Positas College in Livermore California.
 Norland Place School is a coeducational independent school for boys aged 4–8 and girls aged 4–11. It is situated in the Holland Park area of London and was founded in 1876 by Miss Emily Lord.
 Merewether High School is a co-educational academically selective high school for students from Years 7-12. Located in the suburb of Broadmeadow in the city of Newcastle New South Wales it is the only academically selective school in the Lower Hunter Region.Since 1989 enrolment is determined by an academic selection process. The school has approximately 1000 students with a planned capacity of 1080 students (180 from each year from 7–12).
 Claremont High School was a non-denominational state-funded secondary school based in the St Leonards area of East Kilbride. It closed in 2008 and merged with Hunter High School to form the new Calderglen High School. It was originally one of 6 state Secondary schools in East Kilbride until they were merged into 3 schools.
 Mansfield Christian School is a K-12 private school in Mansfield Ohio United States.
 Hankou University is a private college in Jiangxia District Wuhan China. It was an affiliated private college of Huazhong Normal University at first and then was approved by the Chinese Ministry of Education in 2000 to become an independent private university. The school initially chose Hankou as the location of its campus and thus was named after Hankou but decided to move to Jiangxia before it started operation.
 The Accademia di Belle Arti di Venezia is a public tertiary academy of art in Venice Italy. It was founded on 24 September 1750.
 Warhill High School is a public high school operated by the Williamsburg-James City County Public Schools (WJCC). Serving the joint school division of the independent city of Williamsburg and James City County Virginia the school is located at 4615 Opportunity Way in the Lightfoot area of the county.
 Located in Worcester Massachusetts the Massachusetts Academy of Math and Science at WPI (Mass Academy/MAMS/MAMAS) was founded in 1992 by the Massachusetts State Legislature as a public magnet school to serve academically advanced youth in grades eleven and twelve in math science and technology.The school emphasizes math and science within a comprehensive interactive program. The rigor of the junior year classes exceeds high school honors and AP with more than 1100 hours of instruction.
 The Wilkinson County School District is a public school district in Wilkinson County Georgia USA based in Irwinton Georgia. It serves the communities of Allentown Gordon Danville Irwinton Ivey McIntyre and Toomsboro Georgia.
 The Gustav Adolf Grammar School is a secondary school in Tallinn Estonia. Swedish king Gustavus Adolphus established it as the Reval Gymnasium in 1631. It is one of the oldest extant secondary schools in Europe.
 Omdurman Islamic University (OIU) is built on an area of size about 800 feddans (3360000 square meters) in Omdurman Sudan. The school is basically oriented toward Islamic studies; it serves other fields of studies as well such as engineering agriculture and medicine.Omdurman Islamic University is a member of the Federation of the Universities of the Islamic World.
 School № 50 - the school of Russian and Ukrainian languages of instruction. Also known as Poltinnik.Located at - the city of Lviv street Komaryntsya 2.
 Liberty Classical Academy is an independent college-preparatory private Christian school in Maplewood Minnesota serving students in prekindergarten through grade 12.
 Duluth Denfeld High School also known as Denfeld High School is one of two high schools in Duluth Minnesota along with Duluth East as of 2011. Duluth Denfeld and Duluth Central merged during the 2010-2011 school year and are called Denfeld in the newly renovated building. Serving over 1000 students from grades nine to twelve Denfeld High School has become a West Duluth landmark.
 Sadat Academy for Management Sciences (SAMS) (Arabic:أكاديمية السادات للعلوم الإدارية ʼAkādemyāt ʼal-sādāt lil-ʿoloom al ʼedāriāh) is an Egyptian Public Academy under the authorization of the Ministry of State for Administrative Development SAMS was founded in Egypt in 1981.
 Thomas More Catholic School is a Roman Catholic secondary school and sixth form located in the Purley area of the London Borough of Croydon England. The Margaret Roper Primary School is located next door to Thomas More.The school was established in 1962 in buildings formerly used as an orphanage. It is voluntary aided school under the direction of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Southwark and Croydon London Borough Council.
 The Laguna State Polytechnic University (LSPU) is a state university in the Province of Laguna Philippines with four regular campuses and several auxiliary sites.
 Tuscarawas Valley High School is a public high school in Zoarville Ohio. It is the only high school in the Tuscarawas Valley Local Schools district. Their nickname is the Trojans.
 Casimir Catholic College is a co-educational Roman Catholic high school (years 7–12) in the Sydney suburb of Marrickville New South Wales Australia.
 The Colegio de Santo Tomas – Recoletos (Santo Tomas CST-R) formerly known as the Sto. Tomas de Villanueva Institute is a private college. It also provides Secondary education for young men and women.
 Kalani High School (Kalani or Kalani High) is a WASC-accredited four-year public high school located in Honolulu Hawaiʻi USA. Kalani is a part of the Hawaii Department of Education. Kalani is located on Kalanianaʻole Highway.Opened in 1958 Kalani serves the residential areas of Niu Valley ʻĀina Haina ʻĀina Koa Maunalani Heights Waiʻalae-Kāhala Kāhala and portions of the Kaimukī area.
 King Charles I School is a voluntary controlled mixed secondary school with academy status in the town of Kidderminster in the Wyre Forest district of Worcestershire England.
 Klang High School (Abbreviation: STK; Malay: Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Tinggi Klang; simplified Chinese: 巴生高中; pinyin: Ba shēng gāo zhōng Japanese: クラン高校) is a Malaysian national secondary school located at Jalan Meru about one km away from the Klang town centre in Selangor Malaysia. It is situated beside the Klang District Education Office. It is a male-only school from Form 1 to Form 5. At the Sixth Form level where students take their STPM the classes have both male and female.
 St. Mildred's Lightbourn School (also known as SMLS) is an independent all-girls school in Oakville Ontario Canada. The Junior School with about 300 students includes girls from Pre-School to grade five. The new Middle Level with 100 student includes grade 6 and 7. The Senior school also has 300 students and goes from grade eight to grade twelve.
 The Ontario Institute for Studies in Education of the University of Toronto (OISE/UT) is a teachers' college in Toronto Ontario.
 Uttar Pradesh Technical University (UPTU) is a public university in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh set up by the Government of Uttar Pradesh on May 8 2000.
 Cwmcarn High School is a school in the village of Cwmcarn in South East Wales. The school (for school years 7-11) also has a sixth form where pupils can return to continue their education in a familiar environment. There are 900+ students attending CHS a considerable increase in numbers since 1998 when there were 450 students attending the school.
 Kernville Union Elementary School District is a public school district based in Kern County California United States.
 Middle Georgia State College is an institution that was formed from the consolidation of Middle Georgia College which was established in 1884 and Macon State College which was established in 1965. The new college was created by action of the University System of Georgia Board of Regents on January 8 2013. The Southern Association of Colleges and Schools approved the consolidation in December 2012.
 Waskom High School is a 2A High School located in rural northeast Texas. It is located in western Harrison County on the Texas-Louisiana border. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Rachel Carson Middle School is a middle school in unincorporated Fairfax County Virginia United States southwest of Herndon. The school is part of Fairfax County Public Schools. Its principal is August Frattali.
 Eastern Virginia Medical School commonly referred to as EVMS in Norfolk Virginia United States is a public-private medical school founded by grassroots efforts in the southeastern part of Virginia known as Hampton Roads. Unlike the other public medical schools in Virginia EVMS is not affiliated with an undergraduate institution and coordinates training through multiple medical centers in the Hampton Roads region. The school is dedicated solely to graduate biomedical and health education.
 Vision International University is an interdenominational and non-sectarian institution in Ramona California offering academic degree programs designed to prepare men and women for professional service in Christian ministry.
 Hokkai Gakuen Kitami Junior College (北海学園北見短期大学 Hokkai Gakuen Kitami Tanki Daigaku) was a junior college in Kitami Hokkaidō Japan.The institute was founded in 1984 as a women's junior college. It became coeducational in 1991. It was closed in 2004.
 Lake Forest Middle School is a public middle school located near Cleveland Tennessee. It is one of two middle schools in the Bradley County Schools district and currently enrolls 1072 students.
 Buena High School is part of the Ventura Unified School District and serves most of the eastern portion of Ventura. The school has an enrollment of 2312 students.
 The School of Theology and Religious Studies is one of the thirteen schools at The Catholic University of America located in Washington D.C. and one of the three ecclesiastical schools at the university together with the School of Canon Law and the School of Philosophy. The school is part of the main campus in the Brookland neighborhood in Northeast D.C.
 Westcott House is a Church of England theological college based in Jesus Lane located in the centre of the university city of Cambridge in the United Kingdom.Its main activity is training people for ordained ministry in Anglican churches. Westcott House is a founder member of the Cambridge Theological Federation.
 Brock High School is a public high school located in unincorporated Brock Texas (USA). It is part of the Brock Independent School District located in north central Parker County and classified as a 3A school by the UIL. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Rajiv Gandhi School of Intellectual Property Law (RGSOIPL) is a Law school based at the Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur. It was set up in collaboration with the George Washington University Law School Washington DC and has the unique distinction of being the only law school within the IIT system. It is also the first law school in India imparting full-time Intellectual Property education along with other regular courses prescribed by the Bar Council of India.
 The Royal Danish Naval Academy (known in Denmark as Søværnets Officersskole or more commonly Søofficerskolen) educates and commissions all officers for the Royal Danish Navy. Having existed in more than 300 years it is the oldest still-existing officers' academy in the world.
 Kensington Prairie Elementary School was a public elementary school situated in Surrey British Columbia Canada that was part of School District 36 Surrey. It operated from 1887 until 2006. In June 2010 Surrey City Council began restoration of the site as part of a plan to preserve the building and convert it into a Community Centre.
 Fitzharrys School is a state secondary school located in Abingdon Oxfordshire in England. There are about 650 students attending. The headteacher since January 2011 is Jonathan Dennett who took over from Susan Tranter. The school emblem that adorns the gateway and uniform badges depicts three Harriers on a light blue background.
 Dumbarton Middle School is a school located at 300 Dumbarton Road in the Rodgers Forge neighborhood of Towson Maryland just outside Baltimore. It is part of the Baltimore County Public Schools system.Dumbarton currently has almost 1000 students attending.
 Instituto Comercial Alberto Valenzuela Llanos (English: Alberto Valenzuela Llanos Commercial Institute) is a Chilean high school located in San Fernando Colchagua Province Chile.
 Ahmednagar College was founded in 1947 by the late Dr. B.P.Hivale with the support and co-operation of the American Marathi Mission Bombay the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions Boston Minnepolis Minnesota the late Mr. William H. Danforth of St. Louis Missouri and a number of other individual friends and groups.
 Doctor of Theology (Latin: Doctor Theologiae abbreviated D.Th. Th.D. D.Theol. or Dr. theol.) is a terminal academic degree in theology. It is a research degree that is considered by the U.S. National Science Foundation to be the equivalent of a Doctor of Philosophy.
 The University of Alaska is a land-grant university founded in 1917 in Fairbanks in the State of Alaska. However its largest campus by number of students is now in the much-more populous Anchorage area.The University of Alaska System consists of three main universities each with several satellite campuses in smaller communities.
 Bandaranayake College Gampaha (Sinhala: බණ්ඩාරනායක විද්‍යාලය ගම්පහ) was founded in September 1918. It is considered to be the leading Public School in Gampaha. It is a National School meaning that it is controlled by the central government as opposed to the Provincial Council and provides only the secondary education.Bandaranayaka College is a boys' secondary school as well as the foremost college in Sri Lanka.
 Meade County High School is a public high school located in Brandenburg Kentucky. Established in the 1930s the school enrolls approximately 1500 students and serves the entire county.
 Cumberland Valley High School (CV) is a coeducational public high school founded in 1954. It is located in the Cumberland Valley School District of Mechanicsburg Cumberland County Pennsylvania. In 2010 according to the National Center for Education Statistics the school had 2525 pupils enrolled in the ninth to twelfth grades and 223 students qualified for state help with school meal costs. The school employed 175 teachers yielding a student:teacher ratio of 15:1.
 Redlands Primary School (often shortened to Redlands School) is a state-school in Tower Hamlets. It is a mixed school starting from the ages '3' going up to '11'. The school went through many phases as opening at 1909 it was not a school. It was used from lots of different people. During the 1940s it was a Jewish school and previous records confirm that it was closed for Jewish festivals such as Hanukkah. It is located within the border of Stepney and Whitechapel.
 Woodville High School is a secondary school in Woodville a north western suburb of Adelaide South Australia.
 The National Highschool of DME Asunción Escalada (commonly called by the acronym CNAE) (and formerly known as the National School of Girls) is a traditional secondary school located in the city of Asunción Paraguay.
 OCAD University (/ˈoʊkæd/ OH-kad) formerly the Ontario College of Art and Design is a public university whose campus is located in Toronto Ontario Canada. The school is within the Grange Park neighbourhood and adjacent to the Art Gallery of Ontario. The school is Canada's largest and oldest educational institution for art and design. OCAD U offers courses through the Faculties of Art Design Liberal Arts and Sciences and alternative programs.
 The Aalto University School of Business (Aalto BIZ Finnish: Aalto-yliopiston kauppakorkeakoulu; Swedish: Aalto-universitets handelshögskola) is the largest and leading business school in Finland. Founded in 1911 it is the oldest business school in Finland and one of the oldest business schools in the Nordic countries. The school became part of Aalto University as of 1 January 2010.
 Bishop Canevin High School is a Catholic high school in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The school is located in the Oakwood neighborhood of the city.
 St. Pius X High School is an English medium school located in Mulund West the western part of the suburb in north-east of Mumbai India. The school is a boys-only school.
 Not to be confused with Columbia UniversityLa Gran Colombia University is a private university located in Bogotá D.C. Colombia. It was founded on May 24 1951 by Julio César García Valencia recognized Colombian historian of the Twentieth century.
 Salesian College Celbridge is a secondary school catering for male students aged 12–19 around the County Kildare village of Celbridge.
 Perry Local School District is a public school district serving students in Perry Township Stark County Ohio and portions of the city of Massillon Ohio. It is 1 of the 17 school districts located in Stark County and resides in the Canton–Massillon Ohio metropolitan area. The school district enrolls 4711 students. The only High School in the district is Perry High School.
 Baewha Women's University is a private Christian university located in Jongno-gu Seoul South Korea. Enrollment fluctuates around 1350 and is restricted to women. Courses of study are offered in interpretation (English Japanese and Chinese) traditional cuisine clothing business management secretarial studies e-commerce nutrition early childhood education and applied information processing.
 The Erickson School of Aging at the University of Maryland Baltimore County was founded in 2004 by John C. Erickson with a $5 million gift from Catonsville-based Erickson Retirement Services. Erickson Communities now has more than 18000 residents living in a nationwide network of communities.
 Inspire Enterprise Academy (Formerly Southampton Studio School) is a Studio school located in Southampton designed for students aged 14–19 who intend to pursue a career in business and enterprise. It was founded in 2013 as part of the Studio Schools Trust. The school combines project-based learning and business experiences with academic achievement aimed at equipping students with a diverse range of skills.
 Puranmal Lahoti Government Polytechnic Latur also referred to as PLGPL is the Maharashtra' one of the oldest institutes of technology founded in 1956 and located along Ausa Road in Latur.
 Black Hills State University (BHSU) is the U.S. state of South Dakota's third largest comprehensive public university offering both undergraduate and graduate programs. The 123-acre (50 ha) campus is located in Spearfish. Close to 5000 students attend classes at this campus as well as sites in Rapid City Pierre Yankton Sioux Falls and through distance offerings. Enrollment comes from nearly every county in South Dakota 44 states and 13 countries.
 Academy Charter High School is a four-year Charter public high school located in Lake Como New Jersey United States that operates independently of the local school district under the terms of a charter granted by the Commissioner of the New Jersey Department of Education. The school serves residents of Allenhurst Asbury Park Neptune Avon-by-the-Sea Belmar Bradley Beach Deal Interlaken and Lake Como.
 Siuslaw High School is a public high school in Florence Oregon United States. Siuslaw High School is named after the local Siuslaw River. The current principal is Matt Henry.
 ACE Technical Charter High School (commonly known as ACE TECH) is a public 4-year high school located in the Washington Park neighborhood on the south side of Chicago Illinois United States. It is operated by the Chicago Public Schools district. The name ACE stands for Architecture Construction and Engineering. The school opened in 2004. ACE Tech is housed in the former Mary Terrell Elementary School building a Chicago public school which closed after the 2001-02 school year.
 The Career and Technology Education Centers (CTEC) is a public school whose main focus is on preparing high school students for future careers. It also has an Adult education center located in the building.
 The Graham School of Continuing Liberal and Professional Studies is the continuing education branch of the University of Chicago. The Graham School offers three Master's programs over 18 certificate programs and a variety of credit and noncredit courses for graduate students at large returning scholars and adult learners.
 Regina Street Public School is a public elementary school located in Ottawa Ontario Canada. It is a member of the Ottawa-Carleton District School Board. The school is located in the city's west end near Britannia Bay and Lincoln Heights. Regina Street Public school is conveniently located adjacent to an Ottawa public park the Ottawa Parkway bicycle path and Mudlake Conservation Area.
 Southwest High School is a 5A high school in the Southwest Independent School District of San Antonio Texas USA.
 Fairfield School is a Primary and Intermediate school in Dunedin New Zealand. It was established during the late 19th century in the suburb of Fairfield by William Martin. It is situated on Sickels Street a small cul-de-sac near the Dunedin Southern Motorway.The school has restricted enrolment to a limited geographical zone to reduce class sizes.
 Summers-Knoll School is a small independent elementary school located in Ann Arbor Michigan. The school primarily focuses on child-centered education for students who are bright creative and/or gifted. The school's mission is to 'enable bright creative and gifted children to realize their unique academic social and emotional potential in a beautiful loving setting'.Summers-Knoll is nut free and is a Certified Michigan Green School.
 Houston Secondary is a public high school in Houston British Columbia part of School District 54 Bulkley Valley. The school enrolls approx 225 students and is the largest in the community. It serves as the secondary school for Houston and the surrounding rural communities.
 Sumner High School also known as Charles H. Sumner High School is a St. Louis public high school that was the first high school for African-American students west of the Mississippi River. Together with Vashon High School Sumner was one of only two segregated public high schools in St. Louis City for African-American students. Established in 1875 only after extensive lobbying by some of St. Louis' African-American residents Sumner moved to its current location in 1908.
 Watkins Overton High School is a secondary school for the Creative and Performing Arts located in Memphis Tennessee.The school which serves grades 9 through 12 is a part of the Memphis City Schools district.The School was named in honor of Memphis mayor S. Watkins Overton.
 The Cameron County School District is a small rural public school district which covers the whole of Cameron County Pennsylvania. CCSD encompasses approximately 401 square miles (1040 km2). Per the 2010 US Census the District's population declined to 5080 people. According to 2000 federal census data it served a resident population of 5974. In 2009 Cameron County School District residents’ per capita income was $15968 while the median family income was $39479.
 Mountain View Elem School Dist is a public school district based in Los Angeles County California United States.
 Amity International School Gurgaon is one of the branches of Amity group of institutions. It is based in Power Grid Complex Sector-43 Gurgaon. The school is controlled by Ritnand Balved Education Fund(RBEF) managed by Dr. Ashok K. Chauhan.
 The King's School is a British co-educational independent school for both day and boarding pupils in the historic English cathedral city of Canterbury in Kent. It is a member of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference and the Eton Group.
 Terry Fox Secondary School is a school with approximately 1570 students in Port Coquitlam British Columbia Canada. The original building was built on Wellington Street in the 1950s under the name Port Coquitlam Senior Secondary for grades 11 and 12. It was renamed Terry Fox Senior Secondary School after 1976 graduate Terry Fox.
 Technion International School (TIS) administers international programs and supports international initiatives of the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology. It serves all of the university’s incoming and currently enrolled international students and promotes their interaction with and integration into the Technion community at large. Technion International also oversees all collaborative academic relationships with foreign partner institutions worldwide.
 West Valley High School is a public secondary school in Yakima Washington in the West Valley School District. It consists of two adjacent campuses: The main campus for sophomores juniors and seniors and a freshmen campus next to Gotfred E. Clasen field. The school has approximately 1400 students.
 Chatsworth International School is a privately owned school in Singapore that offers education for students in the Early Years Junior and Senior Programmes. Chatsworth has WASC accreditation (Western Association of Schools and Colleges). It is recognised by Cambridge IGCSE Centre and has International Baccalaureate diploma authorisation.
 École Nationale Supérieure de l'Électronique et de ses Applications (also known as ENSEA) is a graduate school (grande école) of electrical engineering and computer science located in Cergy (in Val d'Oise department) close to Paris in France.It was founded in 1952 under the name of ENREA and became ENSEA in 1976.
 Bournville School and sixth form centre is a coeducational state comprehensive school with Specialist Business and Enterprise College and Music College status for students aged 11–19 in Bournville Birmingham in the United Kingdom.Since 2002 Bournville has been classed as a High Performing specialist school and there are around 1200 pupils currently on the roll including a sixth form of around 200 students.Before Bournville became a comprehensive school in the 1970s it was previously two sibling grammar schools: Bournville Girls Grammar School and Bournville Grammar-Technical School For Boys previously known as Bournville Boys Technical School. 
 Allan Hancock College is a California public community college located in Santa Maria in northern Santa Barbara County. In 2011 Allan Hancock College was ranked as one of the five best community colleges in California and one of the nation’s top 120 community colleges.
 Limavady High School is a secondary school in the North-Western town of Limavady in Northern Ireland. It currently around 800 pupils enrolled. The school is part of the Limavady Learning Partnership.
 Chinook High School is the largest school (by enrollment) operated by Lethbridge School District No. 51. The public high school is one of four in Lethbridge Alberta Canada that serve grades nine through twelve. Completed in 2010 it was the first public high school to open in the city in 50 years; Winston Churchill High School (1960) was the last. It is also the only secondary school on the city's west side.
 The University of Cádiz (in Spanish: Universidad de Cádiz) commonly referred to as UCA is a public university located in the province of Cádiz Andalusia Spain noted for its medicine and marine sciences curricula. It was founded in 1979 and has the Latin motto Non Plus Ultra (No Further Beyond).
 Greig City Academy is a mixed-sex secondary school within the English academy programme in the borough of Haringey. The Greig Trust and the Church of England sponsor the Academy which is a registered charity under English law. David Greig a successful local businessman founded the Greig Trust in memory of his mother in 1949. The Trust was established to provide funds to assist with the education of Hornsey children in accordance with the Christian faith.
 Marshall High School is a former public high school in Portland Oregon United States. The school opened on September 6 1960 and is named for John Marshall the fourth Chief Justice of the United States. The school was closed in 2011 as the Portland Public Schools district moved to consolidate students and resources into fewer high schools.
 Cotton Center High School or Cotton Center School is a 1A public school located in unincorporated Cotton Center Texas (USA) a small farming community in the southern panhandle portion of the state. The school is part of the Cotton Center Independent School District which encompasses west central Hale County. In 2011 the school was rated Academically Unacceptable by the Texas Education Agency.
 Cranston High School East often called East Cranston East or abbreviated as CHSE is a comprehensive high school located in the central part of Cranston Rhode Island with over 1700 students in grades 9-12 and 150+ faculty members. The school mascot is the Thunderbolt and its colors are green and white.Cranston High School East is housed in two buildings the main building at 899 Park Avenue and the William A.
 Paulet High School is a high school in Stapenhill Burton on Trent Staffordshire.
 Udayana University (Indonesian: Universitas Udayana) is a public university in Denpasar Indonesia. It was established on September 29 1962. Its current rector is Dr. dr. I Made Bakta SpPD (KHOM). The university's name was derived from 10th century Balinese King Udayana (Dharmodayana) of Warmadewa Dynasty.
 University of Tulsa College of Law is a private law school in Tulsa Oklahoma. The Dean of the College of Law is Janet Koven Levit a nationally recognized scholar in the field of comparative and international law. Levit was named Interim Dean on October 10 2007 and permanently appointed as Dean on July 11 2008.U.S. News & World Report ranks University of Tulsa at #72 or in the second tier of U.S. law schools.
 Assiniboine Community College (ACC) is a community college in Manitoba Canada. It is accredited by the Manitoba Council on Post-Secondary Education created by the government of Manitoba. The main ACC campus and the Manitoba Institute of Culinary Arts are located in Brandon.
 The Talbot County School District is a public school district in Talbot County Georgia USA based in Talbotton Georgia. It serves the communities of Geneva Junction City Manchester Talbotton and Woodland Georgia.
 Trinity Hall is the main extramural hall of residence for students of the University of Dublin Trinity College in Dublin Republic of Ireland. It is located on Dartry Road in Dartry near Rathmines about three miles south of the College.
 The École Nationale de la France d'Outre-Mer (ENFOM; French for National School of Overseas France) was a French grande école providing training for future colonial administrators. It was situated in Paris avenue de l'Observatoire 2.Created under the name École coloniale (Colonial School) in 1889 it succeeded the École cambodgienne (Cambodian School) - established in 1885 - and took the ENFOM name in 1934 (it was still referred to as La Colo in colloquial terms).
 Kokomo High School (merged with Haworth High School in 1984) is a four-year comprehensive secondary school in Kokomo Indiana. The school is the only high school in the Kokomo-Center Township Consolidated School Corporation. The school is located at 2501 S. Berkley Road Kokomo IN.
 The University of Tennessee at Martin (UT–Martin UT Martin or UTM) located in Martin Tennessee in the United States is one of the five campuses of the University of Tennessee system. Other campuses include the flagship campus in Knoxville the Chattanooga campus the Center for the Health Sciences in Memphis and the Space Institute in Tullahoma. UTM is the only public four-year university in West Tennessee outside Memphis.UT Martin is featured in U.S.
 Bangs High School is a 2A high school located in Bangs Texas (USA). It is part of the Bangs Independent School District located in western Brown County. In 2011 the school was rated Academically Acceptable by the Texas Education Agency.
 Downing College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge and currently has around 650 students. Founded in 1800 it was the only college to be added to Cambridge University between 1596 and 1869 and is often described as the oldest of the new colleges and the newest of the old.The current Master of the college is Geoffrey Grimmett Professor of Mathematical Statistics at the University.
 Sekolah Menengah Sains Kota Tinggi (SAKTI) is a boarding school located in Bandar Penawar Johor. SAKTI is a 34th family of Sekolah Berasrama Penuh(SBP). Located on an area of 50 acres and 50 km away from the town of Kota Tinggi towards Desaru tour center.
 The Alben W. Barkley School of Law (formerly the American Justice School of Law) was a private for-profit law school founded in 2004 in Paducah Kentucky.The school closed on December 31 2008.
 Aureus University School of Medicine (previously named All Saints University of Medicine) is a private university located in Oranjestad Aruba in the Caribbean. Aureus confers upon its graduates the Doctor of Medicine (MD) degree.
 Essex High School (EHS) is a public secondary school located in Essex Junction Vermont. The school's sports team is the Hornets and the school's colors are blue and gold. Essex High School is the largest high school and secondary technical school in Vermont. Enrollment in 2012 was 1310.
 Magnificat Academy is a Catholic middle school and high school located in Warren Massachusetts which opened in 2005 in the Parish Hall and Rectory of St. Paul Church with 20 students. It is operated independent of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Worcester.All students participate in the choir. The repertoire of the choir includes Gregorian Chant works of Palestrina Bach and Mozart as well as contemporary composers.
 Horris Hill is a boarding and day preparatory school for boys situated in the far north of Hampshire in England south of Newbury in West Berkshire and near the village of Newtown. The school was founded on its present site in 1888 by A. H. Evans a master at Winchester College. Over the years the close connection with Winchester has been maintained although almost as many boys now go on to Eton and Radley as well as many other leading public schools.
 Laurel Valley Middle and High School was an American public high school located near New Florence Pennsylvania in Westmoreland County. The school served approximately 300 students who lived in the following municipalities:the Boroughs of :BolivarNew FlorenceSewardall of St. Clair Townshipand part of Fairfield Township.
 Cochin University of Science and Technology (CUSAT) is a government-owned autonomous science and technology university in Kochi (Cochin) Kerala India. Founded in 1971 it has three campuses: two in Kochi and one in Kuttanad Alappuzha 66 km inland. The university awards degrees in engineering and science subjects at the undergraduate postgraduate and doctoral levels. Nearly 2000 students engage yearly in undergraduate and postgraduate study at CUSAT.
 William B. Travis High School is a high school located in south Austin Texas which is part of the Austin Independent School District. It was opened in 1953 and is named after William B. Travis who was one of the commanding officers at the Battle of the Alamo. It is the oldest high school in Austin south of the Colorado River.As of November 2009 there were over 1400 students enrolled. Travis' athletic teams are known as the Rebels and their school colors are red and grey.
 Prairie View A&M University is a historically black university (HBCU) located in Prairie View Texas United States (northwest of Houston) and is a member of the Texas A&M University System. PVAMU offers baccalaureate degrees in 50 academic majors 37 master’s degrees and four doctoral degree programs through nine colleges and schools. PVAMU is one of Texas' land grant universities. The University is a member-school of Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
 D. Aubrey Moodie Intermediate School is a dual-track middle school in Ottawa Ontario Canada that is part of the Ottawa-Carleton District School Board.It serves the educational needs of over 400 students in Grades 6 7 and 8 from the Lakeview Bell's Corners and Bayshore areas of Ottawa Ontario. Students come from diverse ethnic racial and faith communities. Students are enrolled in the Regular English or Early and Middle French Immersion Programs.
 Knowl Hill School is a private school located in the village of Pirbright in Surrey located on School Lane. Knowl Hill is a co-educational school offering teaching to pupils suffering from dyslexia or other similar learning disabilities. There are only a small number of pupils in the entire school for example in 1998 there were 46 pupils attending. Following the expansion of the school building there are now around 67 students.
 Q3 Academy previously known as Dartmouth High School is an Academy type secondary school located on Wilderness Lane in Great Barr England near the border with Birmingham in the Great Barr area of the City. It used to be controlled by Sandwell LEA.
 Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Hillcrest is a public school situated in Taman Sri Gombak and is regarded as one of the best schools in the state of Selangor in Malaysia. The school is well known for its exceptional achievement in standardised examinations; Penilaian Menengah Rendah and Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia. The school is widely known as Hillcrest and the students of Hillcrest bear the name Hillcrestians
 Al al-Bayt University is one of the public universities in Jordan. It is located in Mafraq city in the Mafraq Governorate 69 km from Amman.
 St. Mary's University School of Law is one of the professional graduate schools of St. Mary's University. The law school is located in San Antonio Texas USA and is the oldest Catholic law school in the American Southwest. The University is a private Catholic university. The School of Law has an enrollment of about 860 students pursuing either Juris Doctor (J.D.) or Master of Laws (LL.M.) degrees.
 Saunders Secondary School is located at 941 Viscount Road in the Westmount suburb of London Ontario Canada. It is named after William Saunders. William Saunders was a Canadian pioneer and an authority on all matters pertaining to agriculture and horticulture. Grades offered are 9–12. Saunders' school colours are red and gold and its mascot is a sabre-tooth tiger.
 The Mihail Kogălniceanu University is a private university in Iaşi Romania. Founded in 1990 it was named in honor of the Romanian historian and statesman Mihail Kogălniceanu.
 Lutheran High School of San Antonio (LHSSA) an accredited college preparatory Christian high school in the Lutheran education tradition nurtures faith and discipleship and promotes academic excellence to cultivate Christian servant leaders. The School is located in San Antonio in the U.S. state of Texas.
 Lee's Summit West High School is located at 2600 Southwest Ward Road in Lee's Summit Missouri. Lee's Summit West High School opened in the fall of 2004 and is part of the Lee's Summit R-VII School District. Current enrollment is approximately 1600 students. The mascot of the school is the titan. The school newspaper is called Titan Scroll which is a member of the High School National Ad Network.
 The Regional Science High School III is a high school in East Kalayaan Subic Bay Freeport Zone Zambales province of the Philippines. It specializes in both science and math mainly for academically strong adolescents. The school was established in 1994.
 Wisconsin Heights High School is a high school in Dane County Wisconsin. It is located between Mazomanie and Black Earth along U.S. Route 14 and is surrounded by the Wisconsin countryside.
 The University of Illinois at Springfield (UIS) is a public university in Springfield Illinois United States. The university was established in 1969 as Sangamon State University by the Illinois General Assembly and became a part of the University of Illinois system on July 1 1995. The University of Illinois at Springfield serves roughly 5000 students in 23 undergraduate programs 20 master's programs and a doctorate in Public Administration.
 Duncan MacMillan High School (DMHS) is a secondary school in Sheet Harbour Nova Scotia Canada. Duncan MacMillan is the smallest high school in the Halifax Regional School Board but it has the largest geographical area for bussing. Duncan MacMillan hosts Grades 7–12 and has about 251–263 students. The school has three feeder schools: Sheet Harbour Consolidated School Eastern Shore Consolidated School in Moser River and Lakefront Consolidated School in Tangier.
 Castlehead High School is a state secondary school in the district Castlehead; town of Paisley Renfrewshire in the west of Scotland. In 1989 John Neilson High School (founded as the John Neilson Institution in 1852) merged into Castlehead High School.
 Birla Institute of Technology International Centre (BITIC) Bahrain (Arabic: مركز معهد بيرلا العالمي للتكنولوجيا، البحرين‎) is the first international centre of Birla Institute of Technology Mesra Ranchi India an Indian University for technical and management education.
 Borden Grammar School is a selective boys grammar school with academy status situated in the centre of Sittingbourne Kent England which educates students aged 11–18. Whilst the school mainly admits boys a small number girls have been educated at the school within the Sixth Form. The school holds specialist status in both Sports and Modern Foreign Languages. The school has a Latin motto nitere porro which translates as to strive forward.
 Birmingham City University (abbrev. as BCU; and previously Birmingham Polytechnic and the University of Central England in Birmingham) is a post-1992 British university in the city of Birmingham England. It is the second largest of three universities in the city the other two being the Aston University and University of Birmingham.
 Refugio High School is a 2A public high school located in Refugio Texas (USA). It is part of the Refugio Independent School District located in central Refugio County. In 2011 the school was rated Academically Unacceptable by the Texas Education Agency.
 American International University-Bangladesh (AIUB) (Bengali: অ্যামেরিকান ইন্টারন্যাশনাল ইউনিভার্সিটি-বাংলাদেশ) is an accredited private research university located at Banani in Dhaka Bangladesh. The university is an independent organization with its own Board of Trustees. It offers several degree programs at graduate and undergraduate level from its four faculties.
 Toodyay District High School is a co-educational state school located in Toodyay Western Australia. It caters for around 550 students from Kindergarten to Year 10 and services the town of Toodyay and surrounding agricultural areas.
 Pitzer College is a private residential liberal arts college located in Claremont California United States a college town approximately 39 miles (63 km) east of downtown Los Angeles. Pitzer College is one of the Claremont Colleges.Pitzer College has a curricular emphasis on the social sciences behavioral sciences international programs and media studies.
 Brookfield High School is a high school in Brookfield Fairfield County Connecticut. In the 2006-2007 school year the school had roughly 1000 students. This steep increase was due to one of the largest freshman classes ever with over 300 people. Ethnically the students are approximately 97% Caucasian 0.12% Black 0.3% Asian 2.6% Hispanic.The school is located at 45 Longmeadow Hill Road.
 Saint James School of Medicine (SJSM) is a private for-profit medical school headquartered in Park Ridge Illinois with basic science campuses in Kralendijk Bonaire Caribbean Netherlands and the British Overseas Territory of Anguilla. Saint James confers upon its graduates the Doctor of Medicine (MD) degree.
 St. Lucy's Priory High School is a private Roman Catholic all-girls high school in Glendora California built in 1963. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles.
 West Bridgewater Middle-Senior High School is a junior-senior high school located at 155 West Center St. in West Bridgewater Massachusetts. The school serves roughly 600 students in grades 7-12. The school's mascot is the wildcat and the school's colors are maroon and white.The football team won the D-IV State Championship in 1991 & 2006.[citation needed] The cross country team has won the Mayflower League Championship from 2010-2013.
 Forest Lake State High School (FLSHS) is a secondary state school located in Forest Lake Queensland Australia.
 Saint Mary's Academy of San Nicolas (Formerly Saint Nicholas Academy) is a Catholic private school run and partially owned by the Religious of the Virgin Mary (RVM) the first pontifical Filipino Congregation for women in the Philippines which was founded in 1684 by a valiant Filipina Venerable Ignacia del Espiritu Santo. The school has affiliation with the Archdiocesan Shrine of San Nicolas Parish. It is located in Tomas Abella St. Cebu City Philippines.
 Brighton High School (BHS) is a secondary school located on South 8th Avenue in the heart of Brighton Colorado. The school is one of two main high schools in the Brighton 27J School District.
 Sandymount High School was a coeducational secondary school on Herbert Road Sandymount Dublin 4. Founded in 1947 it was initially controversial because as a non-denominational school it wasn't owned by a church but by the Cannon family who also provided the two headmasters the school had: father and son Patrick and Conall Cannon.
 Deerfield Academy is a highly selective independent coeducational boarding school in Deerfield Massachusetts United States.
 Calais High School is a regional high school in Calais Washington County Maine. The school serves the communities of Baring Charlotte Robbinston Crawford Alexander Passamaquoddy Pleasant Point Reservation Passamaquoddy Indian Township Reservation Perry and Princeton among other small rural settlements. The high school is located in Calais Education Park near Calais Middle School Washington County Community College and St. Croix Regional Technical Center.
 Gander Collegiate is a high school in Gander Newfoundland and Labrador. It currently houses grades 10 through 12 (levels I through IV).
 Christian Academy in Japan (クリスチャン・アカデミー・イン・ジャパン) (CAJ) established in 1950 is a private Christian school in the city of Higashi Kurume Tokyo Japan that provides a Christian American-style education in English. As of 2010 CAJ had over 465 students from kindergarten through high school. About 48% of the students are children of Christian missionaries who work for some 40 different mission organizations.
 The Claysburg-Kimmel School District is a small rural public school district that spans portions of two counties in central Pennsylvania. In Bedford County it covers Kimmel Township. In Blair County it covers Greenfield Township. Claysburg-Kimmel School District encompasses approximately 56 square miles (150 km2). According to 2009 local census data it serves a resident population of 5513.
 Jesus & Mary Academy (Hindi: जीसस एंड मैरी अकादमी दरभंगा) is a private secondary school at Allalpatti Laheriasarai Darbhanga. Jesus & Mary Academy has affiliation with the Central Board of Secondary Education based in Darbhanga.the first batch of class 10 passed in 1999. Its a very good school and the students have a great record of securing high marks in Board Examinations. The alumni of the school include hundreds of IITians Doctors and other posts.
 Pasadena City College (PCC) is a community college located in Pasadena California. Over one million individuals have taken classes at PCC in its over 75 years.
 Lincoln College is a predominantly further education college based in the City of Lincoln England.
 Loganatha Narayanasamy Government College is the first to be started by the government of Tamil Nadu in the Chengalpattu M.G.R. district now called Thiruvallur District. The college is located at Ponneri on the Thiruvottiyur – Ponneri highroad with 65 acres (260000 m2) of land area.
 The Stuttgart Technology University of Applied Sciences - Hochschule für Technik (HFT Stuttgart) - is one of ten institutes for higher education in Stuttgart. It was founded in 1832 as a school for construction craftsmen (Winterschule für Bauhandwerker) and was inaugurated as a University of Applied Sciences in 1971.The campus is located in downtown Stuttgart.
 SJK(T) Bandar Mentakab ( Tamil: மெந்தகாப் நகர தமிழ்ப்பள்ளி ) or currently known as SJK (Tamil) Mentakab ( Tamil: மெந்தகாப் தமிழ்ப்பள்ளி ) is a national-type Tamil primary school located in Mentakab Pahang Malaysia.SJK (T) Mentakab is one of the main primary schools in Mentakab city and Temerloh Pahang. The school is known for its excellent results in the UPSR nationwide examinations. It is also one of the best primary schools in Pahang through the UPSR results and co-curriculum activities.
 University of Art & Social Sciences (Spanish: Universidad de Arte y Ciencias Sociales - UARCIS) is a private university in Chile. It was founded on 1982 and the headquarters is in Santiago de Chile.
 Shahrekord University of Medical Sciences (SKUMS) is a university in Shahrekord the capital of the Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province of Iran.
 Chertanovo Sport and Education Center (Russian: ГБОУ ЦСО Чертаново)) also known as Chertanovo Football Academy or Chertanovo Football School - is a Russian youth football academy based in Moscow Russia.The Academy was founded in 1976 as The Sport School of Moscow's Soviet Region. It is based in Chertanovo Severnoye district of the city's Southern Administrative Okrug (former Soviet Region).
 Bonsecours College for Women is a college in Thanjavur India.
 Glen Hills Primary School is a coeducational primary school with academy status in Glen Parva on the South Western boundary of the City of Leicester serving the surrounding area of mixed private and council developments. The school is in the County of Leicestershire.
 Tokyo Management College (東京経営短期大学 Tōkyō keiei tanki daigaku) is a private junior college in the city of Ichikawa in Chiba Prefecture Japan. It was established in 1992.
 St. Nicholas Catholic Primary School is a mixed voluntary aided Catholic primary school in Sutton Coldfield West Midlands for pupils aged 4 to 11.
 West Memphis High School is an accredited comprehensive public high school for students in grades ten through twelve in West Memphis Arkansas United States. The school is administered by the West Memphis School District.
 Sree Narayana Gurukulam College of Engineering ( SNGCE ) was established in the year 2002 by Kunnathunadu S.N.D.P Union headquartered at Perumbavoor with a view to accomplish the ideals of Sree Narayana Guru (1855–1928) the social reformer who is considered as the leader of Indian Renaissance movement.The efforts of the Gurukulam Trust in creating state of the art infrastructure dedicated highly qualified senior faculty disciplined campus opportunity for co-curricular activities emphasis on personal development of each student has earned quick reputation for the institution.[citation needed]
 St. Mary's Academy is a private school in Meerut Uttar Pradesh India. The school was established on 4 February 1952 by Brother O'Brien Brother Dunne Brother Mahoney and Brother Fitz Patrick of the Society of the Brothers of St. Patrick. The school is affiliated to the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations and offers education up to the 12th level in the streams of science and commerce.The school admits pupils in Grade 1 through a competitive admission test.
 Wyoming High School is a public high school located in Wyoming Michigan and is part of the Wyoming Public Schools District in Kent County Michigan. Wyoming High School was formed from the combination of Wyoming Park High School and Rogers High School
 Healing School A Science Academy is a co-educational specialist academy school located on Low Road in the village of Healing North East Lincolnshire England.
 Parkview School is an Elementary Junior High school located in the Parkview neighbourhood of Edmonton.
 Don Mills Middle School (DMMS) is a middle school in Toronto Ontario. It is located near the intersection Don Mills Road and Lawrence Avenue. The school was known as Don Mills Junior High until 1986.DMMS shares its building with Don Mills Collegiate Institute a high school although they have different street addresses. The two schools share a library and all of its resources (books videos and computers) but no other rooms.
 Institut Pendidikan Guru Kampus Pendidikan Teknik is a teacher's education institute that prepares teacher to their jobs. It is one of the branch of Insititut Pendidikan Guru under the Ministry of Education in Malaysia.
 Newark Academy is a coeducational private day school located in Livingston New Jersey United States. This institution comprises grades six through twelve. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1928.Newark Academy is considered the seventh oldest private school in the country and the second-oldest day school in the state of New Jersey (behind Rutgers Preparatory School.
 Ican Centre with Dawn House School (commonly referred to as Dawn House) is a special school run by the charity I CAN for children with speech and language difficulties. It is located at Rainworth Nottinghamshire just next to Sherwood Forest. It is a mixed school accommodating both residential and day pupils between the ages of four and nineteen.
 The University of Georgia College of Environment & Design (CED) is a college within the University of Georgia (UGA) in Athens Georgia United States.
 Madras Middle School is a middle school located at 33°26.2'N 84°45.2'W in northeastern Coweta County Georgia. It serves grades 6 to 8 as part of the CCSS (Coweta County School System). The school was in Northgate High School's facilities during its construction and was named Northgate Middle School until 1998 when it moved into its current building and was renamed Madras Middle School.
 SCEGGS Darlinghurst is an independent Anglican school for girls located in Darlinghurst an inner-city eastern suburb of Sydney New South Wales Australia. Founded in 1895 as the Sydney Church of England Girls Grammar School the school's official name was replaced with SCEGGS Darlinghurst in 1995. The school has a non-selective enrolment policy and currently caters for approximately 890 students from Kindergarten to Year 12.
 Wainuiomata High School is a state co-educational secondary school situated in Wainuiomata a suburb of Lower Hutt New Zealand. The school was founded in January 2002 from the merger of Wainuiomata College and Parkway College. A total of 803 students from Years 9 to 13 (ages 12 to 18) attend the school as of March 2014.
 Arlington High School is a public high school located in Arlington Washington and is home to the Eagles. The enrollment was 1598 for the 2005-2006 school year. This school was built in 2002 after years of unsuccessful building bonds. The grand opening after five years of raising funds was on May 31 2007.
 The OGI School of Science and Engineering located in Hillsboro Oregon United States was one of four schools at the Oregon Health and Science University (OHSU). Until June 2001 it functioned independently as a private graduate school the Oregon Graduate Institute of Science & Technology (OGI). OGI operated four departments and had approximately 330 students.
 Humboldt High School is a high school (grades 9-12) in Humboldt Allen County Kansas. It is part of the Humboldt Community School District. As of the 2008-2009 school year Humboldt High School has an enrollment of 211 students and has a student-teacher ratio of 13:2.
 The Shri Govindram Seksaria Institute of Technology and Science (SGSITS)(GSTI) is an engineering college in Indore India. It was established in 1952 as a technical institute offering licentiate and diploma courses in engineering.It is considered as 2nd best engineering college in Madhya Pradesh after MANIT Bhopal.The institute offers nine undergraduate and 17 postgraduate courses with an intake of 660 and 150 students respectively.
 Colegio de Sta. Rosa - Makati simply CSR - Makati is a Catholic school institution of learning located in Rockwell Makati in the Philippines. The College traces its roots to Colegio de Sta. Rosa Intramuros. The school was founded 1750 by M. Paula de la Santisima Trinidad a Dominican Tertiary from Spain. Colegio de Sta.
 The University of Michigan School of Kinesiology commonly referred to as just Kinesiology or Kines is the University of Michigan Ann Arbor's School of Kinesiology which grants undergraduate graduate and doctoral degrees. In December 2008 it officially became a school previously being a division since its creation in 1984. Kines has the fourth largest undergraduate enrollment at Michigan with a selectivity rate of 44% making it the second most selective school on campus.
 The University of Luzon is a private university located in Dagupan City Pangasinan Philippines.
 Borough Road is in Southwark London SE1. It runs east-west between St George's Circus and Borough High Street.
 Alief Elsik High School is a high school in the Alief region of Houston Texas.Elsik is divided into two campuses: the main campus (12601 High Star in Houston zip code 77072) and the Alief Elsik Ninth Grade Center (located at 6767 South Dairy Ashford city of Houston 77072) which serves ninth graders. Both campuses which are in the Alief Independent School District serve grades 9 through 12.
 Founded in 1890 Penn Foster is a leader in career-focused online and hybrid education designed to address the skills gap in America. Penn Foster Career School offers over 100 diploma and certificate programs for in-demand careers.
 C.S.I Ewart Marticulation Higher Secondary School (Ewart pronounced you-urt) is a private Christian school founded in 1913 in Chennai India. It gained matriculation status in 1945 and is managed by the Church of South India Madras Diocese. The school mainly serves the communities of Purasawalkam Vepery Egmore Kilpauk Perambur Sowcarpet. Ewart is fully accredited and is a member of the State School association.
 Quilchena Elementary School or L'École Quilchena is a K-7 school located in the Kerrisdale neighbourhood on the west side of Vancouver. Quilchena is a First Nations word meaning land of many waters.This French immersion and English school has three portables and an intermediate playground and primary playground with a brand new attachment. And new attachments coming to the intermediate playground.
 Berg Upper Secondary School known in Norwegian as Berg videregående skole is an upper secondary school located in Oslo Norway. The school was established in 1925 and provides education leading to the International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma as well as the college preparatory studiespesialisering of the Norwegian school system. It currently has around 465 students - 108 graduating in the Norwegian system and 55 graduating with IB Diplomas each year.
 Dorval-Jean XXIII (vingt-trois) is a high school located in Dorval city in Montreal. A French school which has two blocs sections 1 2 and the welcome classes in one bloc while the other bloc contains the sections 3 4 5 and the welcome classes. Around 1700 students go to this school.
 Pacific Institute of Culinary Arts founded in 1996 is a privately run culinary school located just outside the entrance of Granville Island in Vancouver British Columbia. The school is fully accredited by the Private Career Training Institutions Agency of British Columbia until 2014.
 Naugatuck High School is a high school (grades 9-12) in Naugatuck New Haven County Connecticut. The school principal is Janice Saam.The school is located at 543 Rubber Avenue. The building was constructed in 1959. 3 wings were added during the 1970s and are known as Castle House Goodyear House And the Applied Education Wing which contains all of the shop classes. The main building is now known as the Judd House.
 Amador Valley High School is a public high school in Pleasanton California United States a city east of San Francisco. The school was founded as Amador Valley Joint Union High School (AVJUHS) from which its first class graduated in 1923. The school has been named a California Distinguished School a National School of Character and a National Blue Ribbon School.
 The Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology (Vietnamese: ) is a large national university in Vietnam. It was founded in 1975 as the Vietnam Academy of Science and renamed the Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology (VAST) in 2008. Its infrastructure spans Hanoi Ho Chi Minh City Hai Phong Nha Trang Da Lat and Huế.In March 2010 the Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology launched a peer reviewed open access journal Advances in Natural Sciences: Nanoscience and Nanotechnology (ANSN).
 Ekamai International School (E.I.S.) (Thai: โรงเรียนนานาชาติเอกมัย) is a private K-12 co-educational international school founded by the Seventh-day Adventist Church located in Watthana District Bangkok Thailand. The school is also the first international school to open in Bangkok.
 Fyndoune Community College is a coeducational secondary school located Sacriston County Durham England. The school is part of the Durham Federation which also includes Durham Community Business College and Durham Studio Sixth Form.Fyndoune Community College is a community school under the control of Durham County Council.
 The Vaganova Academy of Russian Ballet is a school of classical ballet in Saint Petersburg Russia. Established in 1738 during the reign of Empress Anna the academy was known as the Imperial Ballet School up until Soviet times when after a brief hiatus the school was re-established as the Leningrad State Choreographic Institute.
 Magic Valley High School is an alternative high school in Twin Falls Idaho.
 Independent Television Network Limited (also known as ITN Ltd) is a Sri Lankan state governed television and radio broadcaster located in Wickramasinhapura Battaramulla Sri Lanka. ITN a Shrama Abhimani Award winner (Oct 2009) broadcasts content to a wide demographic within Sri Lanka as well as the expatriate community. The programmes are broadcast in three languages; Sinhala Tamil and English. The ITN broadcast coverage extends to 99% of the island of Sri Lanka.
 Sarada Ma Girls College established in 2006[citation needed] is a women's college in Nabapally Barasat. It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences. It is affiliated to West Bengal State University.
 The University of Pristina was founded in the Socialist Autonomous Province of Kosovo Socialist Republic of Serbia Yugoslavia in the city of Pristina for the academic year 1969–1970 and functioned until 1999. However owing to political upheaval war successive mutual expulsions of faculty of one ethnicity or the other and resultant pervasive ethnic-based polarisation there came to be two disjoint institutions using the same name albeit idiosyncratically to reflect ethnic identity.
 Howard Kennedy Elementary School is located at 2906 North 30th Street in North Omaha Nebraska. Almost since its inception Kennedy was regarded as one of Omaha's black schools almost exclusively African American. Football great Gale Sayers attended the school.
 Bosaso College (BC) is a private university in Bosaso the commercial capital of the autonomous Puntland region in northeastern Somalia. It is one of the newest colleges in the territory.
 The University of Stavanger (UiS) is a university located in Stavanger Norway and established in 2005. It has about 9 000 students and 1200 administration faculty and service staff.
 Lilydale Heights College is a government secondary school located in the suburb of Lilydale east of Melbourne Victoria Australia. It covers both junior secondary and higher secondary (VCE) curricula and draws students from primary schools from the urban areas of Lilydale and the rural Yarra Valley. Gregory Hancock commenced as the school's principal in 2006 after the retirement in 2005 of the school's principal of 18 years Peter Cowan.
 Alleghany High School is a public secondary school in Alleghany County VA United States. It is part of Alleghany County Public Schools and is located at 210 Mountaineer Drive. Though the school has a Covington mailing address it is actually about four miles east of Covington City and about two miles west of Low Moor.
 Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar (also known as IITGN) located in Ahmedabad Gujarat India is a public institute of higher education declared to be an Institute of National Importance by Government of India. It is one of the eight new Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) established by the Ministry of Human Resource Development Government of India under The Institutes of Technology (Amendment) Act 2011.
 The Ursuline High School Wimbledon (the Ursuline) is a Roman Catholic secondary school for girls aged 11 to 19 based in Crescent Road and The Downs Wimbledon London. The school has a joint sixth form with the all-boys brother school of Wimbledon College that is situated on Edge Hill. Its specialisms are Business & Enterprise and Modern Foreign Languages and it was previously designated a Gifted & Talented Lead School.
 Onomichi City University (尾道市立大学 Onomichi shiritsu daigaku) is a municipal university in Japan. It is located in Hisayamada-cho Onomichi City Hiroshima Prefecture.
 Stanfield Secondary School is a public high school in Stanfield Oregon United States.
 The University of Veterinary and Animal Sciences Lahore (initials:UVAS) is a public research university located in Lahore Punjab Pakistan. It has additional teaching campuses in rural areas of Punjab Pattoki and Jhang.Established in 1882 it is one of the oldest institution of veterinary sciences and microbiology in Asia and is one of the institution founded by the Great Britain.
 Notre Dame High School for Boys is a male-only Roman Catholic secondary school founded in Niles Illinois in 1955 by the Congregation of Holy Cross. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago. The architect was Belli & Belli of Chicago.Because Notre Dame is a common name for schools this school is often confused with Peoria Notre Dame High School and Quincy Notre Dame High School both of which are located in Illinois.
 Elanora State High School is the high school serving the Elanora area of the Gold Coast Queensland Australia. Founded in 1990 it currently has a student body of 950.
 Beaumont School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in St Albans Hertfordshire England. It was founded in 1938 and has become a school of over 1200 students including 300 in the sixth form.
 Azabu High School (麻布高等学校 Azabu Kōtōgakkō) referred to as Azabu is a private preparatory day school in Japan. It teaches boys between seventh and twelves grades. The campus of Azabu is located in the Azabu district of Minato Tokyo Japan.
 University Of Serang Raya abbreviated UNSERA is a private university in the area of Banten province and is a merger of two colleges namely STMIK Serang and STIE Serang that are in the shade of Informatics Education Foundation. Unsera stands based decree. No minister. 262/D/O/2008.dan main campus is located in the western city of Serang Banten. 'University Of Serang Raya' has been considered a best private college in the province of Banten.
 Faculty of Health Sciences and Physical Culture of Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom is a nursing school and one of eight divisions of Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom Poland.
 The Selwyn College Preparatory School is a school in Denton Texas. On January 21 2012 the school's main building along with the kindergarten-5th grade classroom building burnt to the ground.
 Orland High School is a public high school in Orland California United States a city northwest of Sacramento California and south of Redding California.
 The Foote School is a private K-9 co-ed day school founded in 1916 located in the Prospect Hill neighborhood of New Haven Connecticut United States near Yale University.
 Usmanu Danfodiyo University (UDUSOK formerly University of Sokoto also Usman dan Fodio University Usmanu Danfodiyo University etc.) is one of the initial twelve federal universities in Nigeria founded in 1975. It is in the ancient city of Sokoto.The school is named after Usman Dan Fodio the founder of the Sokoto Caliphate.
 The Academy for Environmental Leadership (AEL) is a small high school located in Bushwick a neighborhood in Brooklyn New York City. It was founded in September 2006 and is located on the 4th floor of the Bushwick High School Campus. As of Fall 2008 the school will have 9th 10th and 11th graders.
 Ponchatoula High School is a high school near Ponchatoula Louisiana United States. It is operated by the Tangipahoa Parish School System.The sports teams are known as the Green Wave or Greenwave after the eponymous athletic glory days of the Tulane Green Wave. Ponchatoula High School's colors are however green and white instead of Tulane's green and sky blue.
 The New Hanover Township School is an elementary school in Burlington County New Jersey United States.
 Rural Special High School is a comprehensive public high school based in the rural fringe community of Fox Arkansas United States. As one of the smallest schools in the state the school provides secondary education for students in grades 7 through 12 for the rural isolated communities of Fox Meadowcreek Mozart Parma Rushing Sunnyland and Turkey Creek.
 The University of Alcalá (Spanish: Universidad de Alcalá) is a public university located in Alcalá de Henares a city 35 km (22 miles) northeast of Madrid in Spain and also the third-largest city of the region.
 Good Shepherd Catholic College is a Roman Catholic coeducational day school located in Mount Isa Queensland Australia. Good Shepherd Catholic College is a Parish-based Catholic College catering for Years 8 to 12 closely associated with Good Shepherd Parish Mount Isa. It comprises two former schools Mount Isa Catholic High School and St Kieran's College.
 The Faculty of Veterinary Science is a faculty of the University of Pretoria. Founded in 1920 it is the second oldest veterinary faculty in Africa. With the exception of the faculties in Khartoum (Sudan 1938) and Cairo (Egypt 1946) all the other African faculties were established after 1960.
 Danetre and Southbrook Learning Village (DSLV) is an all-through academy school and sixth form for pupils aged 3 to 19 located in Daventry Northamptonshire England.DSLV was formed from the merger of Danetre School Southbrook Infant and Nursery School and Southbrook Junior School in September 2012. The school is sponsored by E-ACT and has a specialism in engineering.
 The Centenary Institute of Cancer Medicine and Cell Biology commonly referred to as the Centenary Institute or Centenary is a world class medical research facility located at the University of Sydney Australia.The research programs at Centenary focus on a diverse range of human health issues including cancer cardiovascular disease genetic diseases immunology infectious diseases and liver disease.Over its history Centenary has achieved the following outcomes in medicine and public health: Uncovered new approaches to treating breast cancer that have caused an increase in the survival rate. 
 The Unification Theological Seminary (UTS) is the main seminary of the international Unification Church. It is located in Barrytown New York and with an Extension Center in midtown Manhattan. Its purpose has been described as training leaders and theologians within the Unification Church.
 Marist School (Tagalog: Paaralang Marist) is a Catholic school for boys located in Marikina Metro Manila Philippines established by the Marist Brothers in 1964. The school currently holds a level III accreditation from PAASCU and is considered to be the largest educational institution to date in Marikina City. This was the second school founded by the Marist Brothers in the Philippines; the first one was the Notre Dame of Cotabato in Cotabato City in 1948.
 Berwick Area Senior High School (also called Berwick Area High School Berwick High School or BHS) is a public high school in Columbia County in Northeastern Pennsylvania USA. In Columbia County the school serves children living in: Briar Creek Township Briar Creek Berwick and Foundryville. The school also serves children living in: East Berwick Nescopeck Nescopeck Township Hollenback Township Salem Township in Luzerne County.
 North College Hill High School is a Public High school in North College Hill Ohio. It is the only high school in the North College Hill City Schools district and has an enrollment of approximately 400 to 450 students.
 Buckeye Trail High School is a public high school in Lore City Ohio. It is the only high school in the East Guernsey Local School District. Their mascot is a Warrior and the school colors are blue and white. They are members of the Ohio Valley Athletic Conference.
 Jaffna Hindu College (Tamil: யாழ்ப்பாணம் இந்துக் கல்லூரி Yāḻppāṇam Intuk Kallūri JHC) is a national school in Jaffna Sri Lanka. It was founded in 1886 by a group of Hindu people who wanted an English language alternative to the Christian missionary schools.
 The London Film School (LFS) is a not-for-profit film school in London and is situated in a converted brewery in Covent Garden London close to a hub of the UK film industry based in Soho. The LFS was founded in 1956 Gilmore Roberts as the London School of Film Technique in Brixton and later moved to Charlotte Street becoming The London Film School under Principal Bob Dunbar.
 Big Sandy Community and Technical College (BSCTC) with its headquarters in Prestonsburg Kentucky is one of 16 two-year open-admissions colleges of the Kentucky Community and Technical College System (KCTCS). It was created in 2003 from the consolidation of Prestonsburg Community College and Mayo Technical College.
 The University of Kinshasa (French Université de Kinshasa) was one of three universities along with University of Kisangani and University of Lubumbashi created following the division of the National University of Zaire (UNAZA). It is located in Kinshasa.The university had an enrollment of 26186 and a faculty and research staff of 1530 in the 2006-2007 academic year and currently has ten academic divisions.
 Musicians Institute (MI) is a regionally unaccredited for-profit college/business of contemporary music located in Hollywood California. Musicians Institute offers a variety of educational programs from unaccredited Bachelor of Music Degrees and unaccredited Associate of Arts Degrees with general education taken at a local community college as well as Certificates and alternative programs.
 The Francisco de Vitoria University (Spanish: Universidad Francisco de Vitoria) is a private university located in Pozuelo de Alarcón in the Community of Madrid Spain (See location). It is a Roman Catholic institution run by the Legion of Christ. Its name is after Francisco de Vitoria considered the father of International Law.
 Hookergate High School is a secondary school located in Gateshead UK. It is administered by the Charles Thorp School Group which also administers the nearby Ryton school.
 Bydales School is a secondary school in Marske-by-the-Sea North Yorkshire England; and is in the Redcar and Cleveland Local Education Authority. In 2008 the school had an enrollment of 734 pupils.
 Mercyhurst University formerly Mercyhurst College is a Catholic liberal arts college in Erie Pennsylvania in the United States.
 Pasadena High School is a secondary school in Pasadena Texas located along State Highway 225 (La Porte Freeway). It serves grades 9 through 12 and is part of the Pasadena Independent School District. The school had 2260 students during the 2010-2011 school year. The Principal (as of 2012) is Joe Saavedra. Pasadena High School's mascot is an eagle named Baldy. The school colors are green and white.
 Bishop Fox's School is a secondary school in Taunton Somerset England.As of January 2012 the school has 857 students between the ages of 11 and 16.The school traces its history back to 1522 as the Tudor Grammar School endowed by Richard Foxe (1448–1528) the Bishop of Winchester. The school was housed in what is now referred to as the Old Municipal Building in Taunton. In 1922 it came under the control of Somerset County Council. The school was located on Kingston Road until 1994.
 Parkside Primary School is a coeducational R-7 school (5–12 year olds) located in the Adelaide inner suburb of Parkside. The school is located at 12 Robsart Street and occupies the land between Young Street Robsart Street and Castle Street. It is one of South Australia's earliest established Primary Schools and currently has an enrolment of approximately 330 students who come from different cultural backgrounds.
 King Edward VII Science and Sport College (formerly King Edward VII Community College and earlier King Edward VII Grammar School) is a coeducational upper school and sixth form with academy status located in Coalville in the English county of Leicestershire.The school is named after King Edward VII. In 2008 the school gained specialist status as Sports College and a Science College. In recognition of this a new sports hall was constructed between 2009 and 2010.
 Alcovy High School is a public school in Covington Georgia USA. It is part of the Newton County School System.
 Escuela de Nuestra Señora de La Salette also known as La Salette is a private educational institution located in Dagupan City Philippines.
 Netaji Mahavidyalaya also known as Kalipur College is one of the oldest colleges in Arambagh in the Hooghly district West Bengal India. It offers undergraduate courses in arts Commerce and sciences. It is affiliated to University of Burdwan.It was established in 1948.
 Gulf University (GU) is a private university in Sanad Bahrain.Gulf University was established on 17 September 2001 licensed by the Ministry of Education Bahrain.The colleges at Gulf University offer undergraduate programs: College of Administration and Financial Science College of Computer Engineering and Sciences College of Engineering College of LawThe following centers exist at the university: Center for E-Learning English Language Development Center (ELDU) Professional Certification and Consultation Center (PCCC)The university is also an officially licensed testing center for SAT GRE PMI
 Madhupur Rani Bhabani High School (Bengali: মধুপুর রাণী ভবানী উচ্চ বিদ্যালয়) also known as Madhupur Rani Bhabani Pilot High School is a high school located in Madhupur Upazila Tangail Dhaka Bangladesh. The school offers education for students ranging from six to Secondary School Certificate (approximately ages 7 to 15).The school is under the direct control of the Ministry of Education
 Cedarville High School (CHS) is a comprehensive public high school serving students in grades nine through twelve in the rural community of Cedarville Arkansas United States. It is one of five public high schools located in Crawford County and serves the communities of Cedarville Uniontown Van Buren Rudy Natural Dam and Chester.With more than 325 students it is the sole high school of the Cedarville School District.
 St. Francis Xavier College is a 7–12 co-educational school in Victoria Australia. It has over 2000 pupils and has campuses in Berwick Beaconsfield and Officer.
 Samalkha Group of Institutions is a co-educational engineering and management institute located at Samalkha Distt. Panipat Haryana. It is affiliated to the Kurukshetra University. The Samalkha Group of Institutions was ranked no. 6 private management college in North Zone and 24 in All India in a survey by Silicon India in 2012. It was rated as the Best Technical Campus in Delhi NCR by Education Expo TV in 2012.
 The Colorado School for the Deaf and Blind (CSDB) is a K-12 residential school located on Knob Hill one mile (1.6 km) east of downtown Colorado Springs Colorado near the famous laboratory of Nikola Tesla. The school was founded in 1874 as The Colorado Institute for the Education of Mutes by Jonathan R. Kennedy who had previously been steward at the Kansas State School For the Deaf.
 Established in 1964 in Lille IÉSEG School of Management is one of the main business schools in France.The business school is a member of the Université Catholique de Lille the largest private university in France in terms of student population and endowment.IÉSEG School of Management is ranked 24th in 2013 by the Financial Times ranking. As a French Grande Ecole and member of the Conférence des Grandes Écoles IÉSEG is part of the most prestigious higher education institutions in the country.
 University Prep formerly known as University Preparatory Academy and now popularly known as U Prep is an independent coeducational middle and high school located in the Wedgwood neighborhood of Seattle Washington. The campus sits just across the street from Dahl Playfield and is adjacent to the Picardo Farm the original P-Patch (community garden area). Approximately 530 students attend University Prep.
 Founded in 1952 as part of the Institute of Chemical Technology in Prague Czech Republic the Faculty of Chemical Technology consists of chemistry graduate programs and interdisciplinary committees organized into ten departments and divisions.
 Blue Valley Northwest High School (BVNW) is a high school in Overland Park Kansas. It is part of the Blue Valley Unified School District. Blue Valley Northwest is one of several schools located within the city limits of Overland Park. In the 2009 Newsweek ranking of the top 1500 high schools in the United States Blue Valley Northwest was ranked #364 the highest in the district and the state. The school has been ranked in the top 700 since 2005.
 Don Bosco Cristo Rey High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Takoma Park Maryland. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington.The school finished renovation in 2007 and is currently educating its third class of students for 2012.This school is one of the many schools in the Cristo Rey Network which are found nationwide. The current president is Fr. Steve Shafran. The current principal is Fr. John Serio.
 Bangpakok Wittayakom School (Thai: โรงเรียนบางปะกอกวิทยาคม) is a public school located in Bangkok Thailand. The school admits secondary students grades 7 to 12 aged 11–18. The previous name of this school is 'Mattayom Wat Bangpakok School'.The school won the ASEAN quiz organised by the Thai Ministry of Foreign Affairs to commemorate ASEAN’s 41st Anniversary on 8 August 2008.
 Woodheys Primary School is a Primary School and Nursery in Sale Greater Manchester United Kingdom.
 Grandfalls-Royalty High School is a public high school located in Grandfalls Texas (USA) and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. It is part of the Grandfalls-Royalty Independent School District located in southeast Ward County. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Ondokuz Mayıs University was founded in 1975. The central campus is situated in Samsun a northern city of Turkey on the shore of the Black Sea. Ondokuz Mayıs University is considered one of the largest Universities in Turkey.The name of the university (Ondokuz Mayıs in Turkish means 19 May) commemorates Mustafa Kemal Atatürk's landing at Samsun on 19 May 1919 initiating the Turkish War of Independence.
 Basic Education High School No. 2 Kamayut (Burmese: အခြေခံ ပညာ အထက်တန်း ကျောင်း အမှတ် (၂) ကမာရွတ်; abbreviated to အ.ထ.က. (၂) ကမာရွတ်; formerly St. Augustine's School) is a public high school located in Kamayut Township Yangon Burma. The school offers classes from kindergarten to 10th standard (Grade 1 to Grade 11). The school is one of the best known high schools in Burma.
 Smt. M.M.K College of Commerce & Economics is a private educational institution located in Mumbai Maharashtra India. It is affiliated to Mumbai University and offers a variety of courses in the field of commerce.
 The Mineta Transportation Institute is a research institute focusing on issues related to intermodal surface transportation in the United States. It is headquartered at San Jose State University's Lucas Graduate School of Business in San Jose California and is currently directed by former Santa Clara County Supervisor Rod Diridon. It is named after its founder Norman Y.
 Drew High School was a public high school located in Drew Mississippi. It was a part of the Drew School District. The school district's attendance boundary included Drew Rome and the employee residences of the Mississippi State Penitentiary (Parchman) located in an unincorporated area. It served grades 9 through 12 and later grades 8 through 12.
 A sub-campus of Fatima Jinnah Women University is being established at Sialkot from 2008. Sub-campus of the FJWU at Sialkot will be established at 200-acre (0.81 km2) land with a cost of Rs 300 million.
 Eagle River High School (ERHS) is a public high school in Eagle River a suburb of the city of Anchorage in the U.S. state of Alaska. Opened in 2005 it serves students living in Eagle River and on Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson. As of the 2013/2014 academic year the enrollment is approximately 900. The current principal is Martin Lang.
 Drummoyne Boys' High School (abbreviation:DBHS) is a former high school in the inner western Sydney suburb of Drummoyne New South Wales Australia. It was a boys high school operated by the New South Wales Department of Education and Training with students from years 7 to 12. The school was established in 1940. However due to declining enrolments the school was declared surplus to the needs of the department in 1989 and was officially closed in 1990.
 Sekolah Tun Fatimah or better known as STF is a premier all-girl boarding school(Sekolah Berasrama Penuh) located in Johor Bahru Johor Malaysia. The students in the school are nicknamed the name STFians. In 2010the school was awarded with the Sekolah Berprestasi Tinggi or High Performance School title a title awarded to the 20 schools in Malaysia that have met stringent criteria including academic achievement strength of alumni international recognition network and linkages.
 Sylhet International University (SIU) is a private university located at Shamimabad Bagbari Sylhet Bangladesh. It was established under The Private University Act of 1992. SIU is affiliated with University Grants Commission of Bangladesh. The first Vice Chancellor was Dr. Sadruddin Ahmed Chawdhury former president of Bangladesh Physical Society (1995-1996) and first Vice Chancellor of Shahjalal University of Science and Technology. The current Vice Chancellor is Professor Dr.
 Winter Haven High School is a four-year public high school located in Winter Haven Florida a city of 27855 (2004 census).
 The Bishop Bell School (full title: The Bishop Bell Church of England Mathematics & Computing Specialist School) is a voluntary aided coeducational secondary Church of England 11–16 voluntary aided school situated on the south coast of England in Eastbourne.The school offers a post-16 (sixth form) college and has an on-site nursery (3–5 years old).
 NIILM University is a private university located in Kaithal Haryana INDIA founded in 2011. Recently NIILM University has been awarded by ASSOCHAM as the Best Private Upcoming University in Rural Area.[citation needed]
 Southern Vermont College is a private four-year liberal arts college located on the 371-acre (1.50 km2) former Edward Everett Estate near Bennington Vermont in the southwestern corner of the state bordering New York and Massachusetts.
 West High School is a Public school high school located in Bakersfield California. The school serves about 2500 students in grades 9 to 12 in the Kern High School District. Total student enrollment is 2525.
 Georgia Piedmont Technical College (GPTC) is a unit of the Technical College System of Georgia (TCSG) and provides education for a four-county service area mostly in the metro Atlanta area. The school's service area includes Dekalb Rockdale Newton and Morgan counties. GPTC is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS) to award associate degrees diplomas and technical certificates of credit.
 Jadavpur Vidyapith is a top rated Bengali medium school in the Jadavpur area of metropolitan Kolkata India. The school was established in 1957 and its campus borders that of Jadavpur University.
 28 Nëntori High School is a public high school in Shkodra Albania. It is the largest school in the city.[citation needed]
 The University of Belgrade Faculty of Economics (Serbian: Економски факултет Универзитета у Београду) is one of the educational institutions of the University of Belgrade Serbia. The building is located in the city center of Belgrade in the Savski Venac municipality.
 The Highlands School District is a small suburban public school district covering Tarentum and Brackenridge boroughs as well as Fawn and Harrison townships in Allegheny County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Highlands School District encompasses approximately 22 square miles. According to 2000 federal census data it serves a resident population of 21974. In 2009 the per capita income was $17481 while the median family income was $40715.
 Maharaja Manindra Chandra College established in 1941 is an undergraduate college in Kolkata West Bengal India. It is affiliated with the University of Calcutta.
 Campbell College is a voluntary grammar school in Belfast Northern Ireland. The college educates boys from ages 11–18. It is one of the eight Northern Irish schools represented on the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference and is a member of the Independent Schools Council.The school occupies a 100-acre (0.40 km2) estate in east Belfast close to the Parliament Buildings at Stormont.
 Medical University of Lublin has its origins in the year 1944 in Lublin Poland. The University gained its autonomy in 1950. As the years passed new departments were added such as the Department of Dentistry in 1973. An agreement with the Hope Medical Institute from the United States was signed in the early 1990's which initiated a program of teaching medicine to English-speaking students at the Medical University of Lublin.
 Bedford School is not to be confused with Bedford Girls' School Bedford High School Bedford Modern School or Old Bedford School in Bedford TexasBedford School is an HMC independent school for boys located in the county town of Bedford Bedfordshire England.
 The Emmanuel Mission Senior Secondary School Kota is co-educational school in the city of Kota Rajasthan. The school is under the aegis of Emmanuel Society. It was founded by Archbishop M. A. Thomas.
 Menntaskólinn í Reykjavík (often abbreviated MR; official name in English: Reykjavik Junior College) is the oldest gymnasium (Icelandic: Menntaskóli) in Reykjavík Iceland.The school traces its origin to 1056 when a school was established in Skálholt and it remains one of the oldest institutions in Iceland. The school was moved to Reykjavík in 1786 but poor housing conditions forced it to move again in 1805 to Bessastaðir near Reykjavík.
 Southeastern University was a private non-profit undergraduate and graduate institution of higher education located in southwestern Washington D.C.. The university lost its accreditation from the Middle States Commission on Higher Education on August 31 2009. The Commission reported that the college lacked rigor and was losing faculty enrollment and financial stability. The 130-year-old school ceased offering classes after an extended summer session in 2009.
 Stafford Senior High School (Often mistakenly called South Stafford High School colloquially known as 'Stafford High School') is a public secondary school located in Falmouth Virginia - just north of the city of Fredericksburg Virginia and currently serves students in the southern portion of Stafford County Virginia.Stafford High School is a comprehensive secondary school for students in grades 9 through 12.
 The International School of the Gothenburg Region (ISGR AB) is a International Baccalaureate accredited international school in Gothenburg Sweden. The school was founded by and is fully owned by GR the Gothenburg region Association of Local Authorities. The school has been an IB World School since August 2000. The school consists of two campuses.
 C. S. Lewis Academy is a private Christian school in Newberg Oregon United States.
 Michael Park School is a Waldorf school located in Auckland New ZealandThe school takes students from age 4 (Kindergarten) to school-leaving age (Form 7/Year 13). The Steiner School refers to the years 2 to 13 as Class 1 to Class 12.
 Chin Christian College (CCC) is a college in Hakha Chin State Burma. In late 2000s the college became a stand alone institution of higher education in Chin State when the college was removed as one of the departments of Chin Association of Christian Communication. CCC is a Baptist college but also accepts students from other denominations. Moreover it also has students from other parts of Myanmar such as Kachins and Nagas.
 St. Sebastian's College is School in Kandana Sri Lanka. It is located in the Ja-Ela Education Division of the Negombo Zone in the Gampaha District. Currently it Principal is W. Lal Kumara who is assisted by vice principal Rev. Hemantha Fernando.
 Grenville Christian College is a former Canadian private school located in the rural community of Maitland several kilometres east of Brockville Ontario on the bank of the St. Lawrence River.Operated by members and clergy of the Anglican Church of Canada the independent university preparatory school was composed of upper middle elementary and primary schools. Students had the option of being day students full time boarders or weekday boarders.
 Edenham High School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form located in the Shirley area of the London Borough of Croydon England. The school is named after Eden Park and Ham Farm in the local area.It is a foundation school administered by Croydon London Borough Council.
 UPA or University Preparatory Academy is a charter school located in San Jose California emphasizing hands-on learning for all ethnicities; its charter was approved by the Santa Clara Board of Trustees. UPA opened in the fall of 2007 as a middle and high school offering 7–12th grades.University Preparatory Academy is located at the Cathedral of Faith at 2315 Canoas Garden Ave.
 The Kingsway School is a coeducational comprehensive state secondary school in Stockport Greater Manchester.The school has sites on each side of Kingsway; on Foxland Road in Gatley to the west and Broadway in Cheadle to the east. In 2011 a house system was introduced (Rylands Pankhurst Whitworth Gaskell Turing and Lowry).
 The Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Ghent is one of the oldest art schools in Belgium now part of the Hogeschool Gent. The Academy was founded in 1741 as a private school in the home of Philippe Karel Marissal and provided a royal charter in 1771 by empress Maria Theresa of Austria.
 Ruhr University Bochum (German: Ruhr-Universität Bochum RUB) located on the southern hills of central Ruhr area Bochum was founded in 1962 as the first new public university in Germany since World War II.
 Cobham Hall is an independent day and boarding school for girls in Cobham Kent. The school is housed in a Tudor era manor which is now Grade I listed. It is a Round Square school and a member of the Girls' Schools Association.
 Rygaards International School is a private Christian/Catholic international school in Copenhagen Denmark. It was founded in 1909 by the Sisters of the Assumption Rygaards is a co-educational day school amalgamated within the Danish School System. It is a private state-subsidized school directed by a school board. The school is made up of two schools. One is a Danish Private School serving a community permanently resident in Denmark.
 Madera South High School (also known as Madera South Madera South High or MSHS) is a high school located in Madera California and is part of the Madera Unified School District. Previously functioning as the second campus of the town's other high school Madera High the school officially became Madera's second official high school in August 2006.
 The Marine Military Academy is a private college preparatory academy located in Harlingen Texas offering a college preparatory curriculum for boys in grades 8–12 plus one-year of post-graduate study. The school was founded in 1965.
 International High School at Prospect Heights is one of four schools on the former Prospect Heights High School campus in Brooklyn New York. An Empowerment School International High addresses the needs of recent immigrant students. The International High School @ Prospect Heights empowers recent immigrant students by teaching them fluency in reading writing speaking and understanding English through a rigorous curriculum that is language rich interdisciplinary and project-based.
 Collège de Maisonneuve (or Cégep de Maisonneuve) is a francophone Cégep pre-university and technical college located at 3800 Sherbrooke Street East in Montreal Quebec Canada.
 Baxter College is a mixed secondary school with academy status located in Kidderminster Worcestershire England. Prior to September 2002 the school was known as Harry Cheshire High School. The school provides education for pupils aged 11 to 18 years and offers a wide range of courses at GCSE and A-Level.
 Our Own English High School Al Ain(مدرستنا الثانوية الإنجليزية، العين) is a K-12 education establishment founded in 1992 located in the Manasir Area of Al Ain in the United Arab Emirates. It has been recognized by the Ministry Of Education in Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates. It is part of GEMS Education an organization operating in the field of education through its various educational establishments across the globe.
 Universiti Brunei Darussalam (Abbreviation: UBD; Malay: Universiti Brunei Darussalam; Jawi: يونيبرسيتي بروني دارالسلام) is Brunei's oldest university. It is the largest university in the country in terms of student enrollment and curriculum offered.
 Haywood Academy is a secondary school with academy status for 11 to 16 year-olds located on High Lane in the Stoke On Trent town of Burslem England. It was formerley known as Haywood Engineering College and changed its name in July 2013 to reflect its Academy status. Haywood Academy is a member of the Schools Cooperative Society and is proudly a cooperative school governed by local people for the benefit of local young people.
 Patrick Henry High School is a high school in Ashland Virginia in Hanover County. Patrick Henry has an International Baccalaureate program as well as a NJROTC program. Patrick Henry is one of four high schools in Hanover County and the only High school in the western half of the county. Patrick Henry opened in the fall of 1959 and celebrated its 50th anniversary in September 2009. During the 2010-2011 school year a program called Rachel's Challenge was introduced.
 Hickory Grove Christian School (HGCS) is a private Christian college-preparatory school located in Charlotte North Carolina and consists of an early education center elementary school middle school and high school.
 University Academy Holbeach is an academy based in Holbeach in England.The academy was established in 2011 following the closure of The St Guthlacs School in Crowland and George Farmer Technology and Language College in Holbeach (formerly named George Farmer Secondary School).
 Castillejos National High School is a school located in Castillejos Zambales Philippines. It provides education from 1st year high school to 4th year high school. Beside the school was the Villafor Elementary School. You can also find the Ramon Magsaysay Technological University in the school campus. The school has different clubs that student can join in.
 The Adoni Arts and Science College is a private aided college in Adoni Kurnool District Andhra Pradesh India.
 The East Penn School District is a public school district located in Lehigh County Pennsylvania in the United States. Originally known as the East Penn Union School District the district was established in 1952.
 Randolph High School part of the Randolph Field Independent School District is located on Randolph Air Force Base in Universal City Texas. It serves approximately 300 high school students and employs approximately 29 high school teachers and other support staff. Randolph High School was established in 1962 and was the first high school located entirely within an existing Air Force Base.
 Gloucester High School is a fully accredited public high school located four miles from Gloucester Courthouse (the county seat) in Gloucester County Virginia USA. It is operated by Gloucester County Public Schools a Virginia public school division.The current complex was originally built in 1976 and has been expanded several times since.
 St. George's School of Montreal is an independent school in Montreal Canada founded in 1930. It consists of two campuses: the elementary school campus in Westmount Quebec and the high school campus in Montreal. The school is a co-educational non-denominational day school where students do not wear school uniforms. St.
 West Springfield High School in Massachusetts USA is the city of West Springfield's high school. It is located near West Springfield Middle School and John R. Fausey Elementary one of the city's five elementary schools. The school's mascot is the terrier.
 Strasburg-Franklin High School is a public high school in Strasburg Ohio. It is the only high school in the Strasburg-Franklin Local School District. Their nickname is the Tigers.The first public school in Strasburg was constructed in 1881 at a cost of $5000 and was located on South Wooster Avenue. This building has since been demolished and the current buildings reside at 140 N Bodmer Avenue.The first school building in the current location was built in 1912.
 The Sarah Tucker College is an institution in Palayamkottai a town in Tirunelveli District in the southern state of Tamil Nadu in India. It is the first college for women in south India owing its origin to Sarah Tucker of England and her friends who raised money for the founding of a small school for training teachers for elementary schools in Tirunelveli District. After this the Sarah Tucker High School was started which was raised to a college in 1895.
 Orara High School is a secondary school located in Coffs Harbour New South Wales Australia. On 12 November 1969 approval was given for a new high school to be built on Joyce street. In August 1970 positions at the new school were advertised. In 1972 Orara High opened at its present Joyce Street site. Current student enrolment is more than 780.
 Corona Senior High School (CHS) is a California Distinguished high school in the city of Corona California a growing city in the Inland Empire of Southern California. CHS is one of eight high schools in the Corona-Norco Unified School District.
 North High School was a public high school in Springfield Ohio. It was built in 1960. It was one of two high schools in the Springfield City Schools district the other school being South High School. On September 8 2008 the two schools were combined into Springfield High School and moved into a new building behind the old North High School.
 East Ukraine Volodymyr Dahl National University (Ukrainian: Східноукраїнський національний університет імені Володимира Даля) is one of the leading establishments of higher education in Ukraine. It was founded in 1920 in memory of Vladimir Dal. It was the first higher educational establishment in which specialists in machine-building were trained. During World War II the institute was evacuated to Omsk (Russia).
 China Youth University for Political Sciences (Chinese: 中国青年政治学院; pinyin: Zhōngguó Qīngnián Zhèngzhì Xuéyuàn) is a university in Beijing China. The university was officially established in 1985 by the Communist Youth League of China. Since then the university has been affiliated with the league and the leader (First Secretary) of the league usually holds the presidency of the university. Mr.
 Thomas Alva Edison High School is a high school in Rose Hill Fairfax County Virginia administered by Fairfax County Public Schools.In the 1990s the school's debate and forensics teams gained widespread recognition. The Policy Debate Team won the Harvard Tournament (1995) the Glenbrooks (1995) and two Virginia High School State Tournaments (1995 and 1996).
 Thornleigh Salesian College is a Salesian and Catholic secondary school located in Bolton Greater Manchester England.
 The Macomb Mathematics Science Technology Center (MMSTC) is a specialized secondary education center with a four year advanced research based science and math curriculum located in Warren Michigan. The school is known to the students and teachers as Butcher because it is located in the Butcher Community Services Center (formerly Butcher Jr. High School). The center serves approximately fifteen schools throughout Macomb County. MMSTC is a member of the NCSSSMST.
 Lifegate Christian School is a private Christian high school in Eugene Oregon United States.The school has been accredited through the Association of Christian Schools International since 1994 and through the Northwest Association of Accredited Schools since 1996.
 Staatliches Landschulheim Marquartstein is a Gymnasium with a science and technology and a language branch. One quarter of the 850 pupils lives in the boarding school while the rest comes from the area around Marquartstein in the Chiemgau.Hermann Harless founded the boarding school in 1928. From 1928 till 1958 the school was located in the Marquartstein castle and then moved into the new castle (Neues Schloß).
 Archbishop M.C. O'Neill High School is a Catholic secondary education institute located in the Coronation Park neighbourhood of north Regina Saskatchewan Canada. It is officially designated as a community school. The student population is made up of individuals from the north west and central areas of town.Named for a former local archbishop Michael C.
 The University of California Irvine School of Law is the law school at the University of California Irvine. It is the fifth law school in the UC system and the first public law school to open in California in 40 years. In September 2007 Erwin Chemerinsky was named as the law school's first dean.
 Synergy Institute of Engineering & Technology (SIET) (Oriya: ସିନର୍ଜୀ ଇନଷ୍ଟିଚ୍ୟୁଟ ଅଫ୍ ଇଞ୍ଜିନିୟରିଂ ଏଣ୍ଡ୍ ଟେକ୍ନୋଲୋଜି) is a private engineering college in Dhenkanal Orissa. It was founded by Shivani Educational and Charitable trust in 1999. With the approval of All India Council for Technical Education it was affiliated by Utkal University Vanivihar Bhubaneshwar. Later it affiliated with Biju Patnaik University of Technology in the year 2003-04.
 The Kemerovo Institute of Food Science and Technology (KemIFST) is a state higher education institution in Kemerovo Russia. Established in 1972 KemIFST is one of the leading education and research organizations involved in the training of engineers for the food industry and applied biotechnology.Approximately 10000 students study at KemIFST which offers a total of 24 Bachelor and Master Degree programs.
 Thomas More Universitas (Spanish: Universidad Thomas More (UTM)) is a private university located in Managua Nicaragua. It was founded in 2000 and is one of the 46 universities accredited by the National University Council (Consejo Nacional de Universidades CNU).
 The Queens Paideia School (QPS) is a progressive independent school in Long Island City Queens. Established in 2009 the school serves students in kindergarten through 8th grade. The school is a demonstration project with a goal of proving the Paideia model can be expanded and implemented economically while maintaining the 5:1 student-to-teacher ratio.
 Westminster Senior High School is a high school located in Westminster Maryland United States.The school which is a part of the Carroll County Public School System (CCPS) has an enrollment of approximately 1680 students in 2013. The student body makeup is 50% male and 50% female and the total minority enrollment is about 9%. There are about 100 full-time teachers on staff.
 Abraham Lincolm shortened to 'Lincoln' is a former public high school in Seattle Washington part of the Seattle Public Schools district. The voter approved Building Excellence (BEX IV) initiative of February 2013 is set to see Lincoln reopen as a Comprehensive High School in the Fall of 2019.
 Okinawa Christian Junior College (沖縄キリスト教短期大学 Okinawa Kiristkyō Tanki Daigaku) is a private junior college in Nishihara Okinawa Japan. It is established in 1959　as a junior college for United States Civil Administration of the Ryukyu Islandsthe predecessor of the school was founded in 1957. In 1972it was changed to native college.
 Miami Coral Park Senior High School is a secondary school located at 8865 S.W. 16th Street in the Westchester neighborhood of Miami Florida United States. The school was opened in 1963. It was the first school with A/C in South Florida. The principal is Nick JacAngelo.
 Van Asch Deaf Education Centre is located in Truro Street Sumner Christchurch New Zealand.
 The Misamis Oriental State College of Agriculture and Technology (MOSCAT) is a public institution of tertiary education that offers courses in education opportunities at the graduate and undergraduate levels including short-term courses and high school.
 St. Xavier's School in Doranda Ranchi Jharkhand India was founded in 1960. It is named after Saint Francis Xavier co-founder of the Society of Jesus (Jesuit Order).
 The University of Florida College of Dentistry is the dental school of the University of Florida. The college is located in the Dental Sciences Building located on the western edge of the Health Science Center campus. The college is one of the six that make up UF's J. Hillis Miller Health Science Center.The college is the only publicly funded dental school in Florida and is a national leader in dental education research and service. As of 2005 108 students were enrolled in the college.
 Thornridge High School is a public high school located in Dolton Illinois. It was built as part of Thornton Township High Schools District 205. It is sometimes confused with the similar sounding schools in the same district: Thornton Township High School and Thornwood High School.
 Reading law is the method by which persons in common law countries particularly the United States entered the legal profession before the advent of law schools. This usage specifically refers to a means of entering the profession (although in England it is still customary to say that a university undergraduate is reading a course which may be law or any other). A small number of U.S. jurisdictions still permit this practice today.
 Cincinnati Country Day School (abbreviated Country Day or CCDS) is a private Independent School located in Indian Hill Ohio a suburb of Cincinnati.
 The University of California Davis College of Biological Sciences (commonly referred to by students as the “CBS”) was established in 2005 and is one of four colleges and five schools on the campus of the University of California Davis. Davis is the only UC campus that boasts a college dedicated solely to the study of biology and is among only very few colleges in the US to have such an institution. The CBS offers nine undergraduate and graduate (M.S.
 Dr. Ronald E. McNair Academic High School (often dubbed Academic previous to its dedication or as McNair) is a Magnet public high school located at 123 Coles Street in Jersey City in Hudson County New Jersey. The school is named in memory of Dr. Ronald E. McNair the astronaut and scientist who died in the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster. McNair is operated by the Jersey City Public Schools district. The principal is Edward Slattery and the vice principal is Alice Barone.
 Zetech College is a Private College located in Nairobi Kenya.
 The University of Macedonia (Greek: Πανεπιστήμιο Μακεδονίας or Panepistímio Makedonías) is located in Thessaloniki Macedonia Greece. It is the second largest university in the city (following the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki). It currently consists of ten departments which deal mainly with social political and economic sciences.Before 1991 it was known as School of Higher Industrial Studies of Thessaloniki (Anotati Viomihaniki Sholi Thessalonikis).
 Nagoya Management Junior College (名古屋経営短期大学 Nagoya keiei tanki daigaku) is a private junior college located in the city of Owariasahi very close to the city of Nagoya in Aichi Prefecture Japan. Originally established as a women's junior college in 1965 the school became coeducational in 2000.
 Zhejiang University of Technology (Chinese: 浙江工业大学; pinyin: Zhèjiāng Gōngyè Dàxúe) is located in the city of Hangzhou Zhejiang Province. It is considered one of the top industrial universities in mainland China and the second largest university in Zhejiang Province after the most comprehensive university - Zhejiang University.Engineering especially chemical and biological engineering is its strongest element.
 Mukogawa Women's University Junior College Division (武庫川女子大学短期大学部 Mukogawa Joshi Daigaku Tanki Daigakubu) is a private junior college in Nishinomiya Hyōgo Japan.
 Model English High School (M.E.H.S.) is the one of the oldest school in Kalyan city. It runs under The East Kalyan Welfare Society. The school has good alumni and a great record.The medium of instruction is English. The school houses classes from Kindergarten i.e. K.G. to class Ten.
 The European School Bergen (in Dutch: Europese School Bergen) (or ESB) is one of the 14 Type 1 European Schools. It is located in the town of Bergen in the Dutch province of North Holland.
 Gilbert Classical Academy is an alternative junior high and high school in the Gilbert Public Schools district. It opened in 2007 replacing the former Tech and Leadership Academy in that district which served 10th-12th grades. Courses at Gilbert Classical Academy utilize the Socratic method of instruction and also are entirely honors or Advanced Placement courses while all junior high students learn Latin. It employs some 30 faculty members (including 23 teachers).
 Kangwon National University School of Law (Korean:강원대학교 법학전문대학원 also known as KNU Law School 강원법대 로스쿨 or KangLaw 강로) is one of the professional graduate schools of Kangwon National University(KNU). Located in Chuncheon Republic of Korea it is one of the 25 government approved law schools. It plans to specialize in environtmental law and offers scholarship to all eligible students.
 Yang Chung Middle School is one of the oldest and secondary schools of South Korea. Founded in 1905 it has over 50000 former students and graduates working in Korean society and around the globe. Throughout its history the school has moved three times and is currently situated in Mok-Dong Yang Cheon Gu Soeul.
 Wenona Center High School is a public high school in the Bay City Public Schools district.
 The Richard and Rhoda Goldman School of Public Policy (GSPP) is a public policy school and one of 14 schools and colleges at the University of California Berkeley. Originally named the Graduate School of Public Policy it was founded in 1969 as one of the first public policy institutions in the United States. The Graduate School was renamed after the Richard and Rhoda Goldman Fund donated $10 million in 1997. The current dean is Henry Brady.
 La Sierra University (La Sierra or LSU) is a Seventh-day Adventist co-educational university located in Riverside California United States and accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges and the Adventist Accrediting Association. La Sierra offers undergraduate graduate and doctoral level degrees.Founded in 1922 as La Sierra Academy it later became La Sierra College a liberal arts college and then was merged into Loma Linda University in 1967.
 Gadsden High School (GHS) formerly known as Valley High School is a public high school in an unincorporated area of Doña Ana County New Mexico. Gadsden High School is part of the Gadsden Independent School District; its colors are maroon and gold. Of the four high schools in the Gadsden School District Gadsden High has the largest student population.
 Gwangju High School (Hangul: 광주고등학교; hanja: 光州高等學校; RR: Gwangju Godeung Hakgyo) is a high school in Dong-gu district Gwangju South Korea. It was established in 1951.
 Indian Institute of Science (IISc) is a public university for scientific research and higher education located in Bengaluru (formerly Bangalore) India. Established in 1899 with active support from Jamshetji Tata it is also locally known as the Tata Institute. It acquired the status of a Deemed University in 1958. IISc is widely regarded as India's finest institution in its field and has made significant contribution to advanced computing space and nuclear technologies.
 Harding University is a private liberal arts Christian university in Searcy Arkansas about 50 miles (80 km) north-east of Little Rock associated with the Churches of Christ. The university takes its name from James A. Harding.The school was founded in 1924 as Harding College in Morrilton Arkansas and moved a decade later to the campus of the defunct Galloway Female College in Searcy.
 Fangchanupathum School (Thai: โรงเรียนฝางชนูปถัมภ์) is a public school located in Fang District Chiang Mai Province Thailand.
 The Indian Institute of Management Lucknow (abbreviated IIM Lucknow or IIM-L) is an autonomous public business school located in Lucknow Uttar Pradesh India. It was established in 1984 as the fourth Indian Institute of Management (IIM) by the Government of India. IIM Lucknow offers post-graduate diploma fellowship and executive programs in management. It is recognised as an Institution of Excellence by the India's Ministry of Human Resource Development.
 Oklahoma School for the Deaf (OSD) is a residential school for the deaf and hard of hearing students ages 2 through 18. The school teaches K-12 students in Sulphur Oklahoma.
 Sree Chaitanya Mahavidyalay (formerly Sree Chaitanya College of Commerce) established in 1965 is a general degree college in Habra. It offers undergraduate courses in arts and commerce. It is affiliated to West Bengal State University.
 Bayview College is an Independent Co-educational (Primary) (Secondary) Day located in Portland Victoria Australia.
 Lycée Abdel-Kader (or LAK) is a coed private school in the Batrakieh district of Beirut Lebanon. It is part of the Mission laïque française efforts in Lebanon and provides a full cycle education from kindergarten to twelfth grade. All subjects are taught in French with language classes in Arabic and English.The official site of the school is http://www.lak.edu.lb//
 Rollins College is a private coeducational liberal arts college located in Winter Park Florida along the shores of Lake Virginia.Rollins is a member of the SACS NASM ACS FDE AAM AACSB International Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Educational Programs.It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 1884 of which 41% of the population is male and 59% female. Its setting is suburban and the campus size is 80 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.
 Valley Springs High School is a secondary school in Valley Springs Arkansas United States. The school is the sole high school serving grades 9 through 12 in the Valley Springs School District. In 2012 Valley Springs was nationally recognized with the Silver Award in the U.S. News & World Report Best High Schools ranking report.
 Saint Cecilia's Wandsworth Church of England Secondary School (commonly referred to as 'Saint Cecilia's Wandsworth') is a state-funded Church of England secondary school in Southfields south-west London. It opened in 2003.
 Lamar Institute of Technology (LIT) is a public technical school in Beaumont Texas. LIT was formerly a part of Lamar University but became a separate institution when the university joined the Texas State University System in 1995.
 Parkside High School (PHS) is a four-year public high school in Salisbury Wicomico County Maryland United States. It is one of four public high schools in Wicomico County along with James Bennett High School Wicomico High School and Mardela Middle and High School.
 The National University of Life and Environmental Sciences of Ukraine (Ukrainian: Національний університет біоресурсів і природокористування України) is a leading public university in the field of agriculture in Ukraine; it is located in Kiev.Established in 1923 prior to 1992 the institution was named the Ukrainian Agricultural Academy (Ukrainian: Українська Сільськогосподарська Академія).
 Delta High School is a public high school located in Muncie Indiana. The school serves about 800 students in grades 9 to 12.As of 2012 the principal is Chris Conley.
 Queensferry High School (also known as Queensferry Community High School) is a six-year comprehensive school in the town of South Queensferry Scotland run by the City of Edinburgh Council. It was opened in 1970 by Princess Margaret marking the 900th anniversary of the arrival of Queen Margaret in Queensferry. Currently it has 761 students predominantly from Echline Primary School Queensferry Primary School Dalmeny Primary School and Kirkliston Primary School.
 Sanyo Gakuen College (山陽学園短期大学 San'yō Gakuen Tanki Daigaku) is a private junior college in Naka-ku Okayama Japan.
 Government Colony High School Rahimyar Khan (Urdu: گورنمنٹ کالونی ہائی سکول رحیم یار خان‎)is an educational institution present on canal road near Bano Market Rahimyar Khan Pakistan.
 Centre Dufferin District High School is the public high school for Shelburne Ontario. It is part of\\\ Fine Arts Languages Physical Education Science Social Science Technical Arts
 Ocean County College (OCC) is an accredited coeducational two-year public community college located in Ocean County New Jersey. Its main campus is in Toms River. Other locations include the Southern Education Center in Manahawkin and over twenty off-campus sites throughout Ocean County.The Toms River campus also houses the Fine Arts Center and the Robert J. Novins Planetarium. Both offer programming for the local community.
 K.K Govt. Institution (Bengali: কে কে গভঃ ইনস্টিটিউশন) is a Public High School located in Munshiganj Dhaka Bangladesh
 Pittsburg State University also called Pitt State or PSU is a public university with approximately 7100 students (5900 undergraduates and 1200 graduate students) located in Pittsburg Kansas United States. A large percentage of the student population consists of residents within the Pittsburg region; the gender proportion is relatively equal. Almost 89% of the students are Americans. Pitt State also has an 19:1 student-to-faculty ratio. It is a member of the Kansas Board of Regents.
 Air Link International Aviation is a college for aviation professionals located in Pasay City Metro Manila Philippines.Founded in 1982 by Captain Geronimo Amuraoa Philippine Airlines pilot the college has around 2500 students. The main campus features 28 aircraft both single and twin engined and a hangar next to a classroom building. There is also a remote resort where students can rest and recreate during multi-day training sessions.
 The School Without Walls Senior High School is a small public magnet high school in the Foggy Bottom area of Washington D.C. It is colloquially referred to by students and faculty as Walls. It is also well known as the top high school in the District of Columbia Public Schools and one of the best in the region.The school was established in 1971 following the model of the Parkway Program in the School District of Philadelphia.
 The State University of Library Studies and Information Technologies was established by a Resolution of the National Assembly of Bulgaria of 29 Sept 2010. It is the successor of the Specialised Higher School of Library Studies and Information Technologies (est. 2 Sept 2004) the College of Library Studies and Information Technologies (CLSIT) the College of Library Studies (CLS) the Institute of Library Studies (ILS) and the State Institute of Library Studies (est. 1950).
 The Centre for Values Ethics and the Law in Medicine (VELiM) is an independent centre at the University of Sydney Australia. VELiM is associated with Sydney Medical School and the Unit for the History and Philosophy of Science in the Faculty of Science .The Centre was established in 1995. It is a centre for academic research for teaching and learning in bioethics and the medical humanities and for ethical consultation and discussion.
 The State University of New York College at Cortland also officially called SUNY Cortland or informally known as Cortland State is a coeducational university located in Cortland New York United States. In each of the four years to 2010 SUNY Cortland was named to the President's Higher Education Community Service Honor Roll and ranked by Kiplinger's among its 100 Best Values Among Public College and Universities.
 Inoorero University (IU) is located in Nairobi in Kenya.
 Worsley Wardley Grammar School was a school for pupils of either gender aged 11 to 18 years. The pupils were largely drawn from the English localities of Walkden Worsley Swinton Pendlebury Wardley and Clifton.
 Earlston High School is a secondary school in Earlston Scottish Borders. It serves Earlston as well as the surrounding area. It is in the middle of Earlston off the A68 road. A new school building was completed in 2009.
 The College of Charleston School of Business and Economics is an AACSB International accredited institution for business.
 St. Thomas College Thrissur is a Christian college located in Thrissur City the Cultural Capital of Kerala India. Founded by Mar Adolph Medlycott in 1889 this college played a very important role in the development of Kerala. St. Thomas College Thrissur is the first Roman Catholic college in Kerala India. It is conducted by the Syro-Malabar Catholic Archdiocese of Thrissur.
 Mount Mercy College is a single-sex school for girls situated on the Model Farm Road in the Bishopstown region of Cork Ireland. The college was founded in Cork by the Sisters of Mercy in 1965. Its current headmistress is Paidrigin Ui Riordain. The vice principal was Reginald (Reggie) Hayes until his retirement in 2009. The current vice principal is Ellen Van Wallegham. There are around 700 pupils currently in attendance and the school employs around 50 members of staff..
 Dev Bootcamp is an immersive 9-week computer programming program founded by Shereef Bishay Jesse Farmer and Dave Hoover in February 2012. It is designed to make graduates job-ready by the end of the program. Dev Bootcamp is headquartered in San Francisco California with an additional locations in Chicago and New York City. Dev Bootcamp has announced that a location will be opening in New York City on March 31 2014.
 Warren Travis White High School is a public secondary school in Dallas Texas (USA). W. T. White High School enrolls students in grades 9-12 and is a part of the Dallas Independent School District.The school named in honor of the Dallas school superintendent who served from 1946 to 1968 is located in North Dallas about a mile southwest of the Interstate 635 (LBJ Freeway) and Dallas North Tollway intersection. Parts of North Dallas (including portions of Preston Hollow) are zoned to W. T.
 Chung Hua University (CHU; Chinese: 中華大學; Hanyu Pinyin: Zhōnghuá Dàxúe; Tongyong Pinyin: Jhonghuá Dàsyúe; Wade–Giles: Chung-hua ta-hsüeh) is a private university located in Xiangshan District Hsinchu City Taiwan. It was formerly known as Chung Hua Polytechnic Institute founded in 1990 by three local Hsinchu entrepreneurs Ron-Chang Wang Zau-Juang Tsai and Lin Junq-tzer. It was upgraded to university status and renamed as Chung Hua University in 1997.
 Royal Grammar School Newcastle upon Tyne usually abbreviated as RGS is a selective British independent school for pupils aged between 7 to 18 years. Founded in 1525 by Thomas Horsley the Mayor of Newcastle-upon-Tyne it received royal foundation by Queen Elizabeth I and is the city's oldest institution of learning.The School is located in Newcastle upon Tyne in North East England and is a member of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference.
 The H.B. Beal Secondary School is a high school in London Ontario. It is named after Herbert Benson Beal the founder and first principal of the school. H.B. Beal is the second largest school in Thames Valley District School Board with approximately 2000 students currently enrolled. The school property sits on almost two whole city blocks in downtown London.
 Heritage High School is a public high school in Maryville Blount County Tennessee which opened in 1977. The school was created through the consolidation of four community high schools (Townsend Walland Porter and Everett) into a comprehensive high school.Heritage High School is one of two secondary schools operated by Blount County Schools.
 The Eastern Michigan University College of Education was established in 1959. Eastern Michigan University has had a long history of developing educators since its founding in 1849 as Michigan State Normal School. Eastern Michigan prides itself as the largest producer of educational personnel in the country since 1991. The College of Education is divided into 3 departments and offers over 85 majors and minors and over 30 graduate degrees.
 A. P. Leto High School is a public high school within the Hillsborough County Public Schools system and is located at 4409 West Sligh Avenue in Tampa Florida U.S.A. In addition to the four high school grades Leto also hosts adult night school.Victor Fernandez is the current principal appointed in April 2009.
 R. H. King Academy (also called R. H. King RHKA RHK or King; formerly named R. H. King Collegiate Institute and Scarborough High School) is a secondary school located in the Scarborough Toronto Ontario Canada. The school is part of the Scarborough Board of Education that was merged in 1998 into the Toronto District School Board. R.H. King is the second-oldest surviving institution in the Scarborough district of Toronto after Agincourt Collegiate Institute.
 Pennridge School District is located approximately 30 miles (48 km) north of Philadelphia in Bucks County southeastern Pennsylvania.
 International Business School at Vilnius University or VU IBS (Lithuanian: Vilniaus universiteto Tarptautinio verslo mokykla) is a private university in Lithuania. VU IBS was established by Vilnius University but now is an independent institution offering bachelor's master's and professional degrees in business management and economics.
 The Sphere College Project is a project to create a high-quality financially accessible educational institution for adults. It was founded in April 2009 in Phoenixville Pennsylvania to provide education to adults who do not fit the prevailing model of higher education. The Sphere College Project is not currently a degree-granting institution but in the future it will award degrees.
 Fareham College is a further education college situated on a 22-acre (89000 m2) campus on the western side of the town of Fareham in Hampshire England. Directly opposite the college is St Judes Primary School.
 Church Broughton Primary School is a Church of England primary school funded by Derbyshire County Council. The school is situated on the main street of the small Derbyshire village Church Broughton.The school is attended by approximately 100 children from the ages of four to eleven. The children are taught in three classes: Infant lower junior and upper junior. The current headteacher is Margot Davison.
 St Andrew's College is a coeducational independent school and sixth form college located over two sites in Cambridge Cambridgeshire England. The school was established in 1976 and was the first independent sixth form college in Cambridge.Today The majority of the student body at the school consists of international students wishing to study for entrance into a UK university. However there are a few British students in attendance at the school.
 Orewa College is a state coeducational combined intermediate and secondary school located in Orewa on the Hibiscus Coast north of Auckland New Zealand.A total of 1992 students from Years 7 to 13 (ages 10 to 18) attend the school as of March 2014.
 The University of Edinburgh Medical School also known as Edinburgh Medical School or Edinburgh University Medical School is part of the College of Medicine and Veterinary Medicine of the University of Edinburgh in Scotland. It was established in 1726 during the Scottish Enlightenment and soon attracted students from across Britain and the American colonies.
 Rzeszów University of Technology also known as Rzeszów Polytechnic (Polish: Politechnika Rzeszowska im. Ignacego Łukasiewicza PRz) or Ignacy Łukasiewicz University of Technology is a state-run institution of higher education in Rzeszów Poland.
 Colegio Niño Jesús de Praga (English: Niño Jesús de Praga School) officially known as the Escuela Particular N° 11 Niño Jesús de Praga is a Chilean primary and secondary school located in Rancagua Cachapoal Province Chile.The school is one of two owned by the Chilean Roman Catholic Congregation of the Precious Blood of Our Lord Jesus Christ in O'Higgins Region the other one being Colegio de la Preciosa Sangre de Pichilemu. It was founded on 25 June 1935.
 Sherborne School is a British independent boys school located in the town of Sherborne in north-west Dorset England. It is one of the original member schools of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference. It has close partnerships with the nearby girls' school Sherborne Girls and shares some activities and Sixth Form courses.
 The University of Oklahoma College of Law is an ABA-certified law school located on the University of Oklahoma campus in Norman Oklahoma. Currently the College of Law has an enrollment of 527 law students.The College of Law was founded in 1909 by a resolution of the OU Board of Regents. It opened at the beginning of the next school year in September 1909. The first dean was Professor Julien C. Monnet of The George Washington University Law School.
 Huntington Middle School is a middle school located in Warner Robins Georgia United States. Huntington was built as a replacement for the aging Bert Rumble Middle School which is now the ninth-grade building at Warner Robins High School. The principal is Dr. Gwendolyn B. Taylor. Construction began on October 16 2003 and the school opened on August 5 2005 with 850 students and 114 staff. As of May 30 2008 HMS had 754 students with 75 faculty members.
 The Odesa I. I. Mechnikov National University (Ukrainian: Одеський національний університет імені І. І. Мечникова Russian: Одесский национальный университет имени И. И. Мечникова) located in Odessa Ukraine is one of the country's major universities named after the scientist Élie Metchnikoff (who studied immunology microbiology and evolutionary embryology) a Nobel prizewinner in 1908.
 Blue Mountain Alternative High School is a public alternative high school in John Day Oregon United States.
 Musashino Junior College (武蔵野短期大学 Musashino Tanki Daigaku) is a private junior college in Sayama Saitama Japan.
 The University of Birjand (Persian: دانشگاه بیرجند‎) is a university in Birjand Iran. It was established in 1975.
 Finchley Catholic High School is a boys' secondary school with a coeducational sixth form in North Finchley part of the London Borough of Barnet.
 The Marquette University College of Nursing is one of the constituent colleges at Marquette University located in Milwaukee Wisconsin. Its programs and curricula are accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education the Accreditation Commission for Midwifery Education of the American College of Nurse-Midwives the NCACSS and the Wisconsin State Board of Nursing.
 Sky Touch School is an English-medium high school located in the town of Bijbehara Jammu and Kashmir India. It is well reputed in its District. It is patronised by a reasonable and respected person Mr. Mehmood Wani.
 The University of Veterinary Science Yezin (Burmese: မွေးမြူရေးဆိုင်ရာ ဆေး တက္ကသိုလ် (ရေဇင်း) [mwémjùjé sʰàɪɴjà sʰé tɛʔkəθò (jèzɪ́ɴ)]) located in Yezin in the outskirts of Naypyidaw is the only university of veterinary science in Myanmar (Burma). The university offers a six-year Bachelor of Veterinary Science (BVSc) program and accepts about 100 students a year. It also offers graduate (PhD MPhil MSc and MVSc) degree programs. The language of instruction at UVS is English.
 York House School is an independent girls school for junior kindergarten through grade 12 located in Vancouver British Columbia Canada. It is located in the Shaughnessy neighbourhood in central Vancouver on the intersection of 25th and Granville.
 Tollbar Academy is a co-educational secondary school and sixth form with academy and specialist school status located in New Waltham North East Lincolnshire England.
 Ramona Convent Secondary School is a private Catholic college preparatory school for girls grades 7-12. Established in 1889 by the Sisters of the Holy Names Ramona is one of the oldest continually operating schools in the same location in California and has graduated over 8300 students. Today more than 5600 alumnae located throughout the world serve their communities both professionally and personally.
 Burwood Girls' High School is a public comprehensive secondary day school for girls located in Croydon an inner western suburb of Sydney New South Wales Australia.Established in 1929 and operated by the New South Wales Department of Education and Training the school has a non-selective enrolment policy and currently caters for approximately 1060 students from Years 7 to 12.
 The Aga Khan Academy Nairobi is a private co-educational school situated in pleasant surroundings in the Parklands suburb of Nairobi.The Aga Khan Academy is a not-for-profit independent school registered with the Ministry of Education Kenya.
 Northland High School was established in 1965. NHS is a part of the Columbus City Schools system. It is located at 1919 Northcliff Drive Columbus Ohio USA. The current principal is Tim Donahue. Northland is the home of the Vikings. The school colors are Green and Gold. This school has one of the best marching and symphonic bands in both the district and state. Both musician songwriter and actor Dwight Yoakam and former NFL football player Doug Smith graduated from Northland on June 9 1974.
 Mossbourne Community Academy is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located near Hackney Downs off the A104 road in the Lower Clapton area of the London Borough of Hackney in England.The school was first opened in 2004 on the site of the former Hackney Downs School. The site had been purchased by Sir Clive Bourne who founded the school as one of the first 'City Academies' in England.
 Mountain View Christian Academy is a K-12 Christian school founded in 1982 and located in Bryant Alabama. MVCA is accredited through the Association of Christian Teachers and Schools (ACTS) and is also a member of the Association of Christian Schools International.
 Indira Gandhi National Tribal University in Amarkantak Anuppur district Madhya Pradesh India was established through an Act of Parliament Indira Gandhi National Tribal University Act 2007 by Government of India.Indira Gandhi National Tribal University Amarkantak District Anuppur(Central University)An Act was passed in Indian parliament which was published in the Gazette of India Part II section I on 20 December 2007 by the virtue of which Indira Gandhi National Tribal University Act 52 2007. 
 Episcopal High School is a four-year co-educational private day school located on a 34-acre (140000 m2) campus in Bellaire Texas United States in Greater Houston. It was founded in 1983 and has an enrollment of 672 students with 92 faculty members as of the 2012-13 school year.
 Bishop Road Primary School is a primary school in Bristol England. It is the largest primary school in Bristol notable for having educated Cary Grant Paul Dirac John Polkinghorne and Ben J. Green.
 Hidhayathul Islam Higher Secondary School is an educational institution located in Kadayanallur Tamil Nadu India.
 Kansas State School for the Blind (KSSB) is a fully accredited public high school located in Kansas City Kansas USA serving students in grades 9-12. The school was established in 1867. It is located on 10 acres (40000 m2) located in downtown Kansas City Kansas. It opened its doors on September 7 1868.
 Lindbergh High School is the high school of the Lindbergh School District in the suburbs of Saint Louis Missouri. Each year the high school graduates over 420 students. The school district encompasses Crestwood Sunset Hills Concord and parts of Fenton Webster Groves Kirkwood Affton and other surrounding localities in St. Louis County.
 Rogers High School is a 2A public high school located in Rogers Texas (USA). It is part of the Rogers Independent School District located in southeastern Bell County. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Traverse City Central High School is a public high school in Traverse City Michigan located at 1150 Milliken Drive. The principal is Rick Vandermolen.It is one of three high schools in Traverse City with over 1500 students each year. Central is located in the Traverse City Area Public Schools school district which is part of the larger Traverse Bay Area intermediate school district. Central offers classes for students in grades 9–12.
 The University of Kaposvár is a university in Hungary. It was established in 2000. It offers undergraduate and postgraduate education. The Health Sciences Center and the Feed Crops Research Institute in Iregszemcse are parts of the University.
 Creekview High School is a public high school located in the city of Carrollton Texas USA and classified as a 4A school by the UIL. It is a part of the Carrollton-Farmers Branch Independent School District located in southeast Denton County. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.Creekview High School which currently serves grades 9 through 12 opened in 1998 on one of the last remaining parcels of open land in the northern section of the district.
 Father John Redmond Catholic Secondary School and Regional Arts Centre (also known as Father John Redmond Father John Redmond CSS and RAC FJRCSS FJR or Redmond in short) is a Roman Catholic high school located in Long Branch area of Etobicoke in the city of Toronto Ontario Canada operated by the Toronto Catholic District School Board in a regional art school focus.Redmond was founded in Spring of 1985 as the south campus of Etobicoke's first Catholic high school Michael Power/St.
 Port Said Military High School is a three-year comprehensive public high school in Port Said Egypt. It serves students in ninth through eleventh grades.
 Trinity Academy is a state-run secondary school in the north of Edinburgh Scotland. It is located on the border between Trinity and Leith next to Victoria Park and a short distance from the banks of the Firth of Forth at Newhaven.
 Ulsan College (Hangul: 울산과학대학교; lit. Ulsan College of Science) is a private college with 2 campuses located in Ulsan South Korea. The East Campus is in Dong-gu and the West Campus is in Nam-gu. It was founded on April 8 1960 as the Ulsan Industrial Technology Institute. Hyundai Heavy Industries is the owner and financial sponsor of the college.
 The James Hornsby School is a co-educational secondary school located in Laindon Essex England. It was formed from the merger in 1998 of The Laindon School and Nicholas Comprehensive and occupies the site of the latter.The school became an academy in October 2012 and changed the name from James Hornsby High to James Hornsby School.
 Woodstock North High School home of the Thunder is a public high school located in Woodstock Illinois a part of Woodstock Community Unit School District 200. Opened in 2008 it is located fifteen minutes south of Wisconsin and one hour northwest of Chicago. It has an enrollment of 906 students.
 The Mary Louis Academy also known as TMLA is a private Catholic college preparatory academy restricting admission solely to young women. The Mary Louis Academy is located in the affluent community of Jamaica Estates Queens New York City.
 The University of Rzeszów is a university in Rzeszów Poland.It was officially established in 2001 by combining several older institutions in the city.The current university comprises the former: Rzeszów branch of the Maria Curie-Skłodowska University Higher School of Education Economics department of the Hugo Kołłątaj Academy of AgricultureThe school has over 22000 students.
 Peru State College is a public four-year liberal arts institution located in Peru Nebraska in the Midwest region of the United States.
 Junior College of Toyota (豊田短期大学 Toyota Tanki Daigaku) was a private junior college in Japan. It was located in Toyota Aichi. It was abolished in 1999.
 Shikellamy High School is a public high school located in Sunbury Pennsylvania USA built in 1929. It is part of the Shikellamy School District. It is the middle school and senior high school for the communities of Northumberland Point Township Rockefeller Township Snydertown Borough the City of Sunbury and Upper Augusta Township. Shikellamy is a federally designated Title I school. The school serves about 1100 students in grades 7th-12th. The High School principal is Michael Hubicki.
 Master's College of Theology (MCT) is an ecumenical theological seminary located in Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh India. It is a ministry of Vision Nationals founded in 1996.Since 2003 MCT has been affiliated to the Senate of Serampore College. Along with Bethel Bible College Guntur MCT is one of two seminaries in the Andhra region to offer university-recognised graduate-level courses in theology.
 The Williamsburg Community School District is a small rural public school district in Blair County Pennsylvania. It serves the borough of Williamsburg plus the townships of Woodbury and Catharine. the district encompasses approximately 65 square miles (170 km2). According to 2000 federal census data it serves a resident population of 3740.
 The Philipp University of Marburg (German: Philipps-Universität Marburg) was founded in 1527 by Landgrave Philip I of Hesse (usually called the Magnanimous although the updated meaning 'haughty' is sometimes given) as one of Germany's oldest universities dating back to a Protestant foundation. As a modern state university it has no religious affiliation anymore.It was the main university of the principality of Hesse and remains a public university of that German state.
 Far East University is located in Gamgok-myeon Eumseong County North Chungcheong province South Korea. It was founded in 1998 by Dr. Taek-hee Lyu. The school flower is the chrysanthemum.
 Northview Heights Secondary School is a secondary school for grades 9 to 12 in Toronto Ontario Canada. It is located in Toronto's north end at the intersection of Bathurst Street and Finch Avenue.Its feeder schools include Charles H. Best Middle School and Willowdale Middle School.
 The Carlynton School District is a small suburban public school district located approximately six miles west of downtown Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The district covers five square miles including the Boroughs of Carnegie Crafton and Rosslyn Farms. From these communities comes the name Carlynton (Carnegie Rosslyn Farms and Crafton). According to 2000 federal census data it serves a resident population of 15559.
 Established in 2003 the Energy and Environmental Security Initiative (EESI) is an interdisciplinary Research & Policy Institute located at the University of Colorado Law School. The fundamental mission of EESI is to serve as an interdisciplinary research and policy center concerning the development and crafting of State policies U.S.
 Keystone School generally called simply Keystone is a co-educational independent private school for students from kindergarten to twelfth grade located in the Monte Vista Historic District in Midtown San Antonio Texas USA. The greater Keystone School consists of the Lower School serving kindergarten through fourth-grade students the Middle School serving fifth- through eighth-grade students and the Upper School consisting of the ninth through twelfth grades.
 Salve Regina University is a university in Newport Rhode Island. Founded by the Sisters of Mercy the university is a Catholic co-educational private non-profit institution chartered by the State of Rhode Island in 1934. In 1947 the university acquired Ochre Court and welcomed its first class of 58 students. By a 1991 amendment to the Charter College was deleted as the institution officially became Salve Regina University.
 Singularity University is an unaccredited university located in Silicon Valley whose stated aim is to educate inspire and empower leaders to apply exponential technologies to address humanity’s grand challenges. It was founded in the summer of 2008 by Peter Diamandis and Ray Kurzweil in Moffett Field CA.Singularity University's programs range from an annual ten-week summer course intended for graduate and post-graduate students to seven-day programs for senior corporate executives and senior government leaders. 
 Fort Zumwalt North High School the first high school established in its Fort Zumwalt School District is located in O'Fallon Missouri United States. Established in 1960 as Fort Zumwalt High School the school moved to its current location in 1976. North was added to the school's name when the district's second high school opened in 1987.Cool Springs Junior High School originally occupied the high school's location until the two swapped addresses after the 1975–1976 school year.
 Heaton Manor School is a 11–18 state comprehensive school in Heaton Newcastle upon Tyne.The school building fully rebuilt in 2004 from PFI funding replaced two separate sites (known as the Jesmond and Benton sites) which in turn were made up of a number of different schools.
 Western Heights High School is a state coeducational secondary school located in the northwestern suburbs of Rotorua New Zealand. A total of 1587 students from Years 9 to 13 (ages 12 to 18) attend the school as of April 2013 including 772 students identifying as Māori – the largest Māori school roll in New Zealand in terms of number of students.Western Heights High School offers Cambridge International Examinations in addition to the National Certificate of Educational Achievement (NCEA).
 The Culinary Institute of America at Greystone in St. Helena California is a branch campus of the private culinary college The Culinary Institute of America. The Greystone branch campus offers associate degrees in culinary arts and in baking and pastry arts and offers two certificate programs to workers in the culinary industry.
 Established in 1910 the University of Georgia Graduate School coordinates the graduate programs of all schools and colleges at the University of Georgia (UGA) in Athens Georgia United States and its extended campuses. The UGA Graduate School administers and confers all professional and research master's degrees and doctoral degrees.
 The Hungerford Vocational High School was founded by Professor and Mrs. Russell C. Calhoun in 1897. Located in Eatonville Florida an African American town at the time it bordered Maitland on the west. Both the professor and his wife attended the Tuskegee Institute of which the husband was a graduate. In the spring of 1898 along with the help of friends and relatives Mr. E C. Hungerford donated to the school 160 acres (0.65 km2) of land. Mr. Hungerford of Chester CT.
 Teofilo Kisanji University (TEKU) is a private university in Mbeya Tanzania. It is run by the Moravian Church of Tanzania.
 Vanguard School is a public high school located in Arlington Heights Illinois. It is part of Township High School District 214.
 The University of Zaragoza sometimes referred to as Saragossa University (in Spanish: Universidad de Zaragoza) is a university located in Zaragoza in the Aragon region of Spain. Founded in 1542 it is one of the oldest universities in Spain with a history dating back to the Roman period. The university has over 40000 students in its 22 faculties. The university is the only public university in the region.
 The Zabergäu-Gymnasium Brackenheim (abbreviation: ZGB) is a general-education grammar school in Brackenheim Germany. It is attended by about 1000 students from all over Zabergäu and its tradition goes back to the 15th century.
 Punxsutawney Area School District is a midsized rural/suburban public school district located in Jefferson County Pennsylvania and Indiana County Pennsylvania. Punxsutawney Area School District encompasses approximately 295 square miles (760 km2). In Indiana County Canoe Banks and North Mahoning Townships are part of district boundaries. Punxsutawney Worthville Big Run and Timblin are Jefferson County borough that are served.
 Williamsburg Christian Academy is an interdenominational Christian school located in Williamsburg Virginia USA. Established in 1978 the school serves students from pre-kindergarten through 12th grade. It is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and by the Association of Christian Schools International.
 Harris Academy Purley (formerly Haling Manor High School) is an Academy secondary school in South Croydon England. Haling Manor High School was one of only fifteen schools in the country to be awarded specialist status as a music school.
 Westside High School is a public high school located in Macon Georgia. Opened in 1997 it is the largest school in the Bibb County school district. They educate students in grades 9-12. Pat Coxsey was the school's principal from Westside's establishment in 1997 until her retirement in 2006. Westside's current principal is Julia M. Daniely.
 Clackamas Community College (CCC) is a community college located in Oregon City Oregon United States. Founded in 1966 it is one of the largest community colleges in the state of Oregon. Clackamas Community College offers courses at three campuses: the central campus in Oregon City Harmony Community Campus in Clackamas and the Wilsonville campus.
 International University of Struga (Macedonian: Меѓународен Универзитет Струга Albanian:Universiteti Ndërkombetar i Strugës) is a university in the Republic of Macedonia. The university has two campuses based in Struga and Gostivar with roughly 2500 students. The International University of Struga has four faculties: Faculty of Economy and Business Faculty of Law Faculty of Political Science and Information Technology.
 Archbishop O'Leary is a high school located in central Edmonton just north of the downtown core. Archbishop O'Leary is known for its diverse teaching ways. The high school is fairly large with an enrollment of about 1500 students.
 Saginaw High School is the second of three high schools in the Eagle Mountain-Saginaw Independent School District (EM-SISD). Established in 2005 it is a 5A school located in Fort Worth Texas United States. Its mascot is the Rough Rider. The school colors are Cardinal red and Las Vegas gold. It has a rivalry with Boswell High School also in Fort Worth Texas. The current principal is Dr. David Priddy. Enrollment is 1980 students.
 Harmony Heights School is a special education federally funded school for behaviorally and emotionally disturbed girls in East Norwich New York. The school was formerly the Mabel D. Fox School.Harmony Heights School has 70 students ages 13 to 21 diagnosed with emotional and behavioral disturbances.Harmony Heights School has a residential program. Students enroll in either the day program or the residential program.
 Dr. M. G. R. Home and Higher Secondary School for the Speech and Hearing Impaired is a school established on 17 January 1990 in Kanchipuram Tamil Nadu India.
 Mount Saint Joseph Academy is a Roman Catholic college preparatory high school located in Rutland Vermont. The school is under the jurisdiction of the Diocese of Burlington.
 Schertz-Cibolo-Universal City Independent School District is a public school district based in Schertz Texas (USA).In addition to Schertz the district serves the city of Cibolo and parts of Universal City and a small portion of Marion. The district lies in two counties - Guadalupe and Bexar.In 2011 the school district was rated Recognized by the Texas Education Agency with one campuses rated Exemplary eleven rated Recognized and three rated Academically Acceptable .
 Warblington School is a coeducational community secondary school located in the Warblington area of Havant in the English county of Hampshire.The school is situated opposite Warblington railway station toward the east of Havant on the Hampshire and West Sussex border serving the surrounding area. It is administered by Hampshire County Council which coordinates the schools admissions. Warblington School offers GCSEs as programmes of study for pupils.
 Whitehill Secondary School (formerly Whitehill Senior Secondary School) is a Scottish non-denominational comprehensive secondary school located in the suburb of Dennistoun in Glasgow. The school is a part of the Whitehill Campus along with Golfhill Primary School and Westercraigs Nursery. The campus was assembled in 2007 following the closure of the Golfhill building due to structural issues. The school moved into the main building in 2009 with Westercraigs having their own structure.
 Busselton Senior High School is a comprehensive public high school located in Busselton a regional centre 220 kilometres (137 mi) south of Perth Western Australia.
 The Government Law College Thiruchirappalli is one of six government law colleges in the state of Tamil Nadu India.Like the rest of the law colleges in Tamil Nadu it is administered by Tamil Nadu's Department of Legal Studies and affiliated to Tamil Nadu Dr. Ambedkar Law University.The Tiruchirappalli college was opened in 1979 the same year as the Coimbatore college joining existing government law colleges at Chennai and Madurai.
 Padre Conceicao College of Engineering (PCCE) is a private engineering college in Verna Goa India established in 1997. The college is affiliated to Goa University Taleigao Goa and the programmes are approved by All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) New Delhi. It is a sister institute of Fr. Conceicao Rodrigues Institute of Technology Vashi Mumbai and Fr. Conceicao Rodrigues College of Engineering Bandra Mumbai.
 Hephzibah High School is a high school located in south Richmond County in the town of Hephzibah Georgia United States. It is a part of the Richmond County School System. Hephzibah High School is the largest high school by attendance in the Richmond County School System. It is located in a rural area and its students generally live in a rural or suburban setting.
 Olympic High School is a secondary school located in Bremerton Washington. It is one of six secondary schools in the Central Kitsap School District. OHS currently educates grades 10-12. Its main gym is currently the home venue for the Kitsap Admirals of the American Basketball Association and International Basketball League.
 Vidya Vikas Institute of Engineering & Technology (VVIET) was started in the year 1997 as part of the mission of the Vidya Vikas Educational Trust.
 The University of Hyderabad (UoH but also known as HCU for Hyderabad Central University) is a Central University located in the city of Hyderabad in India. Founded in 1974 this public and largely residential university occupies about 2000 acres in the locality of Gachibowli on the outskirts of the city.
 The Mercator School of Management (MSM) refers to the faculty of business administration of the University of Duisburg-Essen in North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. The Mercator School of Management is a classic business school located in Duisburg. It involves fifteen chairs of different business administration disciplines. Each of the three pillars of the MSM combines four of those chairs in a research department.
 Paramount High School is a comprehensive public high school in Paramount California USA. It is part of the Paramount Unified School District. The school serves students in grades 9–12 on two campuses West Campus for 9th grade students and Senior Campus for grades 10–12.
 Howe Sound Outreach School is a public high school in Squamish British Columbia part of School District 48 Sea to Sky.
 Pharr-San Juan-Alamo (PSJA) North High School is a public school in Pharr Texas (USA). It is part of the Pharr-San Juan-Alamo Independent School District and is one of the district's six high schools.Located at 500 E. Nolana Loop the school serves students in grades nine through twelve.
 Ocean Dunes High School is a public high school in Florence Oregon United States. It is located at Camp Florence operated by the Oregon Youth Authority.
 Beijing Institute of Clothing Technology (Chinese: 北京服装学院) is a university in Beijing China. It was founded in 1959 as the Beijing Institute of Textile Technology and was later renamed as the Beijing Institute of Chemical Fiber Technology in 1961. In 1971it was combined together with Beijing University of Chemical Technology and then in 1978 was separated from itreturning to the name of Beijing Institute of Chemical Fiber Technology.
 Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Saint Columba (Saint Columba's Secondary School) or St. Co as it is referred to by the locals is the oldest school in Miri. It is located just one kilometre away from the city centre. The school was established in 1929 by Canon Paul Chong En Siong and is currently headed by Madam Robinette Tiong Ai Giek.
 The University of Kharkiv (Ukrainian: Харківський університет) or officially the Vasyl Karazin Kharkiv National University (Ukrainian: Харківський національний університет імені В. Н. Каразіна) is one of the major universities in Ukraine and earlier in the Russian Empire and Soviet Union. It was founded in 1804 through the efforts of Vasyl Karazin becoming the second oldest university in Ukraine after the University of Lviv.
 The University of West Florida also known as West Florida and UWF is a mid-sized public university located in Pensacola Florida United States. UWF is a member institution of the State University System of Florida. The University of West Florida is a comprehensive research university without faculties of law or medicine. It is a space-grant institution that was established in 1963.
 Mary Immaculate College (Irish: Coláiste Mhuire gan Smál) also known as Mary I or MIC is a College of Education and Liberal Arts founded in 1898. It is located on South Circular Road in Limerick Ireland. It became academically linked to the University of Limerick in 1991 and all degrees certificates and other educational awards offered at the college are accredited by the university. The college has approximately 3500 students and 300 staff.
 Dunrankin Drive Public School is an elementary school in Mississauga Ontario Canada located in the Malton area. The school is part of the Peel District School Board and is named after the street on which it is located. It was opened in 1969 as Westwood Public School. However the name was later changed to avoid confusion with then Westwood Secondary School (now Lincoln M. Alexander Secondary School) where students of Dunrankin go when they have reached grade 9.
 Ohr HaTorah Day School was an Orthodox Jewish day school located in the River Heights neighbourhood of Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. It existed between 1998 - 2011.The school was founded in 1998 by a group of parents who were interested in a combination of high-level in both Torah studies and general studies which was perceived as not available in other schools in Winnipeg.The school combined Judaic Hebrew and general studies emphasizing Torah values and Zionism.
 Pinelands Regional High School (PRHS) is a three-year regional public high school that serves students from four communities in tenth through twelfth grade from Ocean County New Jersey operating as part of the Pinelands Regional School District which serves students from Bass River Township Eagleswood Township Little Egg Harbor Township and Tuckerton Borough.
 Heath High School was a secondary school operated by the McCracken County Public Schools district in the rural community of West Paducah unincorporated McCracken County Kentucky near the largest city in the state's far-western Purchase region Paducah. Established in 1910 the school served students in grades 9-12. It closed in June 2013 in advance of the August opening of a new McCracken County High School which consolidates Heath Reidland and Lone Oak High Schools.
 The Ruth Asawa San Francisco School of the Arts (also known as SOTA) is a public arts high school in San Francisco California United States which offers students an alternative college preparatory experience: a full academic curriculum complemented by a pre-professional arts training program in which students develop critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
 The Institute Of Dental Sciences Bareilly commonly called IDS Bareilly is a dental college located in the city Bareilly India. It is affiliated to M.J.P.Rohilkhand University Bareilly. It is approved by the Dental Council of India and Ministry of Health and Family Welfare New Delhi.
 The CTI Education Group (CTI) is a registered private higher education institution in South Africa. Full-time and part-time students can study within the fields of Information Technology Psychology & Counselling Creative Arts & Graphic Design Commerce and Law on campuses spread throughout South Africa.
 Westside High School is a public high school located in the West Augusta area of Augusta Georgia. It is operated by the Richmond County School System. The principal is currently Debbie Alexander.
 St. Joseph's Catholic College is a Roman Catholic Girls' school with specialist science college status situated in Manningham close to Bradford city centre in West Yorkshire England.
 Sisseton Wahpeton College was established in 1979 as an entity of the Sisseton Wahpeton Oyate. Located in northeastern South Dakota on the Lake Traverse Reservation the College serves the Dakota people. SWC has an average enrollment of approximately 250 students of whom more than 80% are tribal members.
 The National Technical Institute for the Deaf (NTID) is the first and largest technological college in the world for students who are deaf or hard of hearing. As one of nine colleges within the Rochester Institute of Technology (RIT) in Rochester New York NTID provides academic programs access ASL in-class interpreters and support services—including on-site audiological speech-language and cochlear implant support.
 Blessed John Henry Newman RC College is a coeducational Roman Catholic secondary school and sixth form located in Chadderton Greater Manchester England under the Roman Catholic Diocese of Salford.The school was formed in 2011 from the amalgamation of St Augustine of Canterbury RC High School in Werneth Oldham and Our Lady's R.C. High School in Royton.
 The University of Health and Allied Sciences (UHAS) is one of the youngest public universities in Ghana. It is located at Ho in the Volta Region of Ghana. Its operation started in September 2012 when the first batch of 154 students were admitted.
 Ursuline Academy is an independent college preparatory day school for young women in grades 7–12. Located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston USA it is owned and operated by the Ursuline Sisters a worldwide teaching order. The academy is a private Catholic school located on a 28-acre campus in Dedham Massachusetts. It provides education in all areas and offers over 20 clubs and 10 varsity sports all award winning.
 Mountain Union Elementary School District is a public school district based in Shasta County California United States.
 Tempe High School is a partially selective co-educational high school in Tempe Sydney Australia.In 2004 a proposal to combine Tempe Dulwich Hill Marrickville and Newtown High Schools into a multi-campus college due to falling enrolments failed. Instead from 2005 the school became partially selective offering places based on academic performance as well as accepting local students.
 North Leamington School (NLS) is a mixed comprehensive school for pupils aged 11 to 18 located in Leamington Spa Warwickshire England. It now operates on one main site whereas prior to September 2009 it operated from two sites in Leamington Spa. The new school is no longer in Leamington but the parish of Blackdown just off the B4113 road on Sandy Lane.
 Hiwassee College is a private four-year liberal arts college located in Madisonville Tennessee United States. Founded in 1849 the college offers associate degrees as well as four-year degrees The majority of its associate degree graduates go on to attend and complete four-year degrees.
 The Academy of Saumur was a Huguenot university at Saumur in western France. It existed from 1593 when it was founded by Philippe de Mornay until shortly after 1683 when Louis XIV decided on the revocation of the Edict of Nantes ending the limited toleration of Protestantism in France.
 New Mexico State University Grants (NMSU Grants) is a branch campus of New Mexico State University.NMSU Grants Campus is located in Grants New Mexico and was established as a branch of New Mexico State University in 1968 through the cooperative efforts of New Mexico State University and Grants Municipal Schools. It offer certificates associate degree bachelor and master degrees through the College of Extended Learning and Distance Learning in Las Cruces.
 From 1993 to 2012 The London Consortium was a graduate school in the UK offering multidisciplinary Masters and Doctoral programs in the humanities and cultural studies at the University of London.
 Johnson C. Smith University (JCSU) is a private co-ed four-year research university of higher learning in the heart of Charlotte North Carolina United States. It is affiliated with the Presbyterian Church. JCSU is also a historically black college. JCSU offers an assortment of academic programs aimed at ensuring that its graduates are prepared for success in the workforce.
 National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research (NIPER) is a higher education institute located in Mohali focusing on education and research in the pharmaceutical sciences.
 Urbana High School is the only public high school in Urbana Illinois.
 Lapel High School has long reaching roots with its newest high school being built in 2005 and located at 1850 S 900 W Lapel IN 46051. The current principal is Chad Kemerly. The assistant principal is John Willis. The athletic director is Jimmie Howell.
 The Information Networking Institute (INI) was established by Carnegie Mellon in 1989 as the nation’s first research and education center devoted to information networking.As an integral department of the College of Engineering and a collaboration of the School of Computer Science the Tepper School of Business and the Heinz College the INI’s professional graduate degree programs represent a fusion of technologies economics and policies of secure communication networks systems and services.The INI also partners with research and outreach entities namely Carnegie Mellon Cylab to extend educational and training programs to the broad audience of people using information networking as part of their daily lives. 
 Pontifical Catholic University of Peru (Spanish: Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú PUCP) is a private university in Lima Peru. It was founded in 1917 by Catholic priest Father Jorge Dintilhac SS.CC as Peru's first non-profit private institution of higher learning.
 The Tulane School of Continuing Studies offers bachelor's degrees associate's degrees pre-and post-baccalaureate certificates and the master of liberal arts degree. The School also coordinates Tulane's summer school courses including Tulane's Summer in Hawaii program.
 Aquinas College is a small Catholic college that aims to provide a liberal arts education located in Grand Rapids Michigan. Aquinas was ranked among the Best Regional Universities - Midwest by U.S. News and World Report (2012).
 All Saints Academy (formerly The Northfields Technology College) is an academy located in Dunstable Bedfordshire England. All Saints educates 13 - 16 year olds mainly from the town of Dunstable and some surrounding villages. In addition the academy offers further education for 16 - 18 year olds through its sixth form department.
 The UCL Centre for the History of Medicine (formerly the Wellcome Trust Centre for the History of Medicine) is an academic research and teaching centre for the history of medicine located in London United Kingdom and a part of University College London (UCL). The Centre was founded in 1966 and received its primary funding from the Wellcome Trust until 2012.
 New Shah Faiz Public School was established in the small town of Dildarnagar in 2006 by Naushad Khan.
 The University of Toronto Faculty of Law (U of T Law UToronto Law or Toronto Law) is the law school of the University of Toronto. Originally founded in 1887 the Faculty is one of the oldest law faculties in Canada although it was not until 1958 that the faculty was officially recognized as an accredited institution by the Law Society of Upper Canada.
 Hoban Dominican High School was one of only two all-female Catholic high school located in Cleveland Ohio. It was located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cleveland. The academic environment provided a 12 to 1 student to faculty ratio with an average of 23 students per class. 96% of Hoban Dominican students were Catholic and represented over 70 parishes. A superior faculty had dedicated itself to educating the young women of Hoban Dominican High School.
 Bradford School is a small private career college located in Columbus Ohio near the well-known Easton Town Center. It originally was founded in 1911 and moved to its current suburban campus location in 2003. It has on-campus housing for students but more than half of students live in the Columbus area and commute.
 Saint Louis University (SLU /ˈsluː/) is a private research university with campuses in St. Louis Missouri and Madrid Spain. Founded in 1818 by the Most Reverend Louis Guillaume Valentin Dubourg SLU is the oldest university west of the Mississippi River and the second-oldest Jesuit university in the nation. It is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities.
 The University of Puerto Rico Medical Sciences Campus —or Universidad de Puerto Rico Recinto de Ciencias Médicas (UPRCM) in Spanish— is a state university located in San Juan Puerto Rico. It is one of the eleven campuses of the University of Puerto Rico. The Medical Sciences Campus is located on the grounds of the Puerto Rico Medical Center and grants degrees in all the principal fields of health sciences.
 Stanah Community Primary School (formerly Stanah County Primary School) is an English mixed primary school located in the Stanah area of Thornton Lancashire.Built in the 1960s the school located on Lambs Road (or as it is known locally Lambs Hill) has around 400 pupils aged 4 to 11. Its head teacher is Hamish Clough. He replaced Ian Todd who after three-and-a-half years as head took up a position at the University of Cumbria in January 2010. Mr.
 Glen Cove High School commonly referred to as GC or GCHS is the only public high school in the Glen Cove City School District. Located at 150 Dosoris Ln. Glen Cove on the North Shore of Long Island GCHS sits upon 50 acres (200000 m2) of land. The current building has been in use since 1962 and prior to that year Robert M. Finley Middle School the district's current middle school was used as the high school.
 A Master's degree in Finance is a postgraduate program designed to prepare graduates for careers in Finance. The degree is often titled Master of Finance or Master in Finance (abbreviated M.Fin or MiF) or Master of Science in Finance (abbreviated MSF in North America and MSc in Finance in the UK and Europe). In the U.S. and Canada the program may be positioned as a professional degree.
 The Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center (TTUHSC) School of Medicine (SOM) is located in Lubbock Texas and is one of TTUHSC's six schools and one of TTUHSC's two medical schools. TTUHSC is part of the larger Texas Tech University System. The SOM was originally chartered in 1969 to train more physicians for the underserved populations of West Texas. To date more than 3000 Doctors of Medicine have graduated from the SOM.
 Lourdes Catholic School is a private Roman Catholic school in Nogales Arizona. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tucson.
 Montabella Community School District is a school district serving Edmore and Blanchard Michgain United States. The superintendent is Mr. Ron Farrell. The district operates two schools: Montabella Junior/Senior High School and Montabella Elementary.
 Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Kepong Baru or more commonly abbreviated as SMKKB or SMKB is a public coeducational secondary school located in the middle of the housing estate Kepong Baru in Kepong Kuala Lumpur. SMKB is known for its strict discipline and partly because of that attracted many parents to enroll their children into this school. Having high disciplinary standards this school is also one of the very few well-facilitated schools in Kuala Lumpur.
 Stamford High School is an English girls' Independent School situated in the market town of Stamford Lincolnshire England situated on High Street St Martins.
 Mackay Medical College (MMC; Chinese: 馬偕醫學院) is a medical college located in Sanzhi District New Taipei Taiwan. Through the approval of the Ministry of Education it became Taiwan's 12th medical school on March 30 2009.
 Lloyd V. Berkner High School is a high school in Richardson in the U.S. state of Texas with a 2008 enrollment of 2755 and a student/teacher ratio of 16.7. It is one of four high schools in the Richardson Independent School District.
 Tatung Institute of Commerce and Technology (TTC; Chinese: 大同技術學院; pinyin: Dàtóng Jìshù Xuéyuàn) is an educational institution based in East District Chiayi City Taiwan. It has five new departments: Finance Food and Beverage Management Early Childhood Care and Education Multimedia Design and Leisure Recreation and Tourism Management with a total of ten academic departments.
 Failsworth School is a mixed gender secondary school admitting children between 11–16-year of age. The school is located in Failsworth within the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham in Greater Manchester.
 Mountain State University (MSU) was a private nonsectarian not-for-profit university based in Beckley West Virginia United States. The university ceased to operate effective January 1 2013. All degrees conferred on or before December 31 2012 are valid and were received from an accredited institution. MSU had previously listed as one of the best universities in the Southeast by the The Princeton Review. The school had also been named a Military Friendly school by G.I.
 Newark Charter School (NCS) is a public charter school located in Newark Delaware that serves children from kindergarten to ninth grade. As of August 2013 1760 students were enrolled in the school. The school uses the Core Knowledge curriculum.The school is open to all residents of the state of Delaware. If the number of applications for any openings in the school exceed the space available a lottery is used to select students.
 The Marin Community College District (MCCD) is the community college district serving Marin County California. In addition to traditional college-age students the District serves concurrently-enrolled high- and middle-school students as well as adults. MCCD operates one community college the College of Marin. MCCD is one of three California community college districts on basic aid and therefore receives most of its operating revenue from local property taxes.
 Illiana Christian High School is a private coeducational school in Lansing Illinois USA. It was founded in 1945 as a school for the children of Dutch Reformed immigrants in the area.
 Archbishop Romero Catholic Secondary School is an alternative-style Separate high school located in Mississauga Ontario Canada with satellite campuses in Brampton and Caledon. The school is administered by the Dufferin-Peel Catholic District School Board.Like other members of the district students who attend Archbishop Romero receive teaching on religion family life and prayer in addition to the standard curriculum found in public schools.
 Central South University (CSU) located in Changsha a historic and cultural city in Hunan province central south of the People's Republic of China. CSU was established in April 2000 on the basis of the amalgamation of the three former individual universities namely Central South University of Technology (founded in 1952) Hunan Medical University (founded in 1914 as Hsiang-ya Medical College; currently named Xiangya School of Medicine) and Changsha Railway University (founded in 1953).
 The Durango Institute of Technology (in Spanish: Instituto Tecnológico de Durango) is a Mexican public university located in the state of Durango.
 Stella Adler Studio of Acting (formerly Stella Adler Conservatory) is an acting school in New York founded by the actress and teacher Stella Adler
 St. Thomas Aquinas Catholic High School is a coeducational college preparatory Roman Catholic school located at 131 Judge Sablan Street in Ordot Guam a United States territory in the Western Pacific Ocean.The school opened in the Fall of 2008 and is the newest Catholic High School on Guam under the Archdiocese of Agana.
 St Margaret's School is an independent non-denominational day school with a co-educational primary school to Year 4 and for girls from Year 5 to Year 12.
 The Metropolitan University of Tirana (Albanian: Universiteti Metropolitan i Tiranës) abbreviated UMT is a private university located in Tirana Albania. It was founded in 2011 by a group of architects and engineers as the only Albanian university on information technology engineering and architecture.
 The Vermont Center for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing a non-profit organization is the primary educational and support services resource for Deaf and Hard of Hearing residents in Vermont and surrounding areas. Headquartered at Brattleboro's Austine school for the Deaf the Vermont Center was launched by the Austine School in 1998 and continues to operate it today.
 Keat Hwa High School (simplified Chinese: 吉华独立华文中学; traditional Chinese: 吉華獨立華文中學; pinyin: jí huá du li huá wén zhōng xué) is a private Chinese high school in Alor Setar Kedah Malaysia.
 Kankakee High School (KHS) is a public secondary school in Kankakee Illinois and is part of the Kankakee School District 111. KHS serves grades nine through twelve.
 Southern University College (also known as Southern UC) is the first non-profit higher education institute and private university college in Skudai Johor Malaysia. It was previously known as Southern College established in 1990.
 Dufur School District #29 is a K-12 school district of approximately 280 students in Dufur Oregon United States.
 Rose Bruford College of Theatre & Performance (formerly the Rose Bruford Training College of Speech and Drama) is a leading British drama school offering university-level and professional vocational training for theatre and performance and the BA and MA degrees based in Sidcup Southeast London.
 Bearden High School is a Knox County Tennessee high school located in the Bearden area in the city of Knoxville.The school was founded in 1939. It was named for the family of Marcus De LaFayette Bearden a farmer who served as a captain in the Union Army during the Civil War.The current building was built in 1969 and replaced the old building that eventually became Bearden Elementary School. The current principal is Dr. John Bartlett.
 Ayya Nadar Janaki Ammal College (ANJAC) is an autonomous college in Sivakasi in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu affiliated to Madurai Kamaraj University Madurai regarded as a college with Potential for Excellence with re-accreditation of A+ college rating from NAAC an autonomous body of University Grants Commission (India)It is one of the well functioning institution known for its efficient management and pioneering organization structure for any rural higher education institution in the country which is evident from the consistent good assessment over the years by UGC and NAAC.(see academic transformation in the History)This college was nurtured and developed by the financial support extended by two charitable trusts viz. Janaki Ammal Ayya Nadar Trust and P. 
 To impart the basic training of the fresh recruit constables of Bangladesh Police the Police Training School (PTS) Tangail was established in 1972 on the trusted property of the then Zaminders at the village Moherha under the jurisdiction of Mirzapur Police Station in the district of Tangail. The institute was headed by an Assistant Superintendent of Police (ASP).
 Ardahan University is a university located in Ardahan Turkey. It was established in 2008.
 Mt. Whitney High School is a public high school in Visalia California founded in 1952.
 Saint Raphael Academy (known colloquially as Saint Ray's or simply Saints) is a Roman Catholic coeducational college preparatory school in Pawtucket Rhode Island USA. It was founded in the tradition of Saint John Baptist de Lasalle and rooted in the Holy Gospel of Jesus Christ. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Providence.
 Greenbrier Elementary School is a public elementary school located in Arlington Heights Illinois.
 Rosehill College (RC) is a co-educational state school located in the Auckland suburb of Rosehill in Papakura New Zealand.
 St. Paul's Convent English Higher Secondary School is a private Christian school run by CMC Sisters of Nirmala Province Thrissur located in Kuriachira Thrissur. The school was founded in 1964 with less than 100 students and now grown to higher secondary school with more than 2800 on its roll students.
 The London School of Jewish Studies was founded as Jew's College in 1855 a rabbinical seminary in London. The organisation was re-focussed and renamed to its present name in 1999 with an emphasis on providing a broader range of adult educational courses and training to the wider Jewish community. The rabbinical training programme was suspended and much of the historical holdings of the library were sold off.
 St. Louis Community College–Forest Park (also known as STLCC-Forest Park and Forest Park) is a public community college in St. Louis Missouri. It is one of the four schools of the St. Louis Community College System and is one of nine community colleges in Greater St. Louis. Over 8200 students attend Forest Park making it the second largest community college in Missouri.
 The United World College Costa Rica (UWC Costa Rica) (Spanish - Colegio del Mundo Unido Costa Rica) located in the Santa Ana suburb of San José is the 11th United World College and the first to offer instruction in both English and Spanish. The College formerly the Colegio Internacional SOS Hermann Gmeiner opened in August 2006 and graduated its first UWC-admitted applicants in 2008.At the moment it contains 149 international students from more than 60 different countries.
 Fountain Valley High School (or FVHS) is a public high school in Fountain Valley California. It was established in 1966 and is a part of the Huntington Beach Union High School District. It is notable for its rivalry with Edison High School particularly during football season in which both schools compete in the Battle of the Bell.The athletic teams are known as the Barons and the school colors are blue and gold.
 The Grand Canyon Unified School District #4 is a school district located in Grand Canyon Village in unincorporated Coconino County Arizona United States.
 Asian School of Business Management (ASBM) was established in 2006 and it facilitates management education in Odisha. It was founded by Professor Dr. Biswajeet Pattanayak who is known to many for ‘Lagaan’- a movie which looked into IIM classrooms and corporate board rooms. ASBM courses are mostly in the fields of innovation business intelligence and leadership skills.
 Toano Middle School is a public school located in Toano Virginia. Toano's mascot is the tiger. It is part of the Williamsburg-James City County Public School system. It offers core classes such as math sciencehistoryand English as well as foreign languages Physical Education music and art. The curriculum is designed to help students begin to adjust to high school life.
 St Mary's Star of the Sea Catholic School is a coeducational school for students from Kindergarten - Year 10 located in Carnarvon Western Australia a coastal town located 900 kilometres north of Perth (just south of the Tropic of Capricorn). St Mary’s has a current enrollment of approximately 300 students. The school's students come from Carnarvon itself or the surrounding areas and the school involves itself in many of the sporting and community activities in Carnarvon.
 Niagara Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Niagara Falls New York. It is the only Catholic high school in Niagara County.
 Green B. Trimble Technical High School also known as Trimble Tech is a Fort Worth Independent School District vocational high school located on the south side of Fort Worth Texas United States in the medical district.
 Instituto Politécnico Santa Cruz (English: Santa Cruz Polytechnical Institute) is a Chilean high school located in Santa Cruz Colchagua Province Chile.
 Marymount College of Fordham University was a women's college in the United States eventually to become part of Fordham University. The Marymount campus was located in Tarrytown New York. Enrollment peaked at 1112 in 1978 but by 2004 it enrolled 844 students. The last class graduated in 2007 and the campus was sold in 2008.The college was founded as an independent girls' boarding school in 1907 by the Religious of the Sacred Heart of Mary (R.S.H.M.).
 Vineland Senior High School South is a public high school located in Vineland New Jersey as part of the Vineland Public Schools. The school opened in 1963. It holds classes for 11th and 12th grade students as well as a small amount of students from other grades. It was considered to be a different school but on the same campus of Vineland Senior High School North but as of 2010-11 operates on a consolidated basis as Vineland High School.
 Veer Teja Vidhya Mandir School is a co-educational day school for classes nursery to X located in Degana Tehsil Rajasthan India.
 O'Neill Collegiate and Vocational Institute is located in Oshawa Ontario within the Durham District School Board. The school has students in grades 9-12 and offers a wide range of academic and extracurricular activities.
 Jockey Club Government Secondary School or JCGSS (Traditional Chinese: 賽馬會官立中學) formed in 1960 is a government funded full time secondary school in Oxford Road Kowloon Tong Hong Kong. The school was named after the Royal Hong Kong Jockey Club who funded the construction of the school building complex.
 Cardinal Ambrozic CSS is a separate high school located in Brampton Ontario Canada. The school is part of the Dufferin-Peel Catholic District School Board. The winter uniform consists of a burgundy blazer with white dress shirt and khaki pants. The spring uniform consists of a burgundy golf shirt and khaki pants. The school also has Spiritwear which consists of track pants and long or short-sleeve T-shirts all with school logos.
 Taipei Private Yan Ping High School (simplified Chinese: 台北市私立延平高级中学; traditional Chinese: 臺北市私立延平高級中學; pinyin: Táiběi Shì Si Lì Gao Gí Zhong Xúe) is located in the Da-an District of Taipei Taiwan. It is considered a top school in the country.[citation needed]
 The University of Missouri College of Engineering is one of the 19 academic schools and colleges of the University of Missouri. The college traces its beginning to the first engineering courses taught west of the Mississippi River in 1849. The college awards bachelors masters and doctoral degrees. The college ranked 80th nationally was ranked the best engineering school in Missouri by the U.S. News and World Report.
 The Won Institute of Graduate Studies is a graduate school located in Glenside Pennsylvania. The institution offers advanced degrees in acupuncture and meditation as well as religious training for ministry in Won Buddhism. The school is accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education and the Accreditation Commission for Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine.
 St Philomena's Catholic High School for Girls is a school for girls (aged 11–18) in Carshalton South London England. Ofsted praised the school as 'outstanding' and the Archdiocese of Southwark found the establishment to be 'a very strong school'.[citation needed] the chair of governors is Dr. Mary Howard and the current Head Girl is Hannah Potter.
 Dagoretti High School is a high school in the Dagoretti area of Nairobi county Kenya. It is a Provincial School located 16 Kilometres from the Nairobi City centre along the Nairobi-Kikuyu Road. The School has five streams (as from 2008) E W N S A. It is a boarding school with a student population of roughly 900.
 St. Mary's Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Phoenix Arizona. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Phoenix.
 UCSI University Sarawak Campus is a branch of the UCSI University private university located in Sarawak Malaysia that houses the Faculty of Hospitality & Management. The campus hosts a student population of over 200.
 West Cheshire College is a vocational college in the North West of England. It has over 20000 students at its two main campuses in Ellesmere Port and Chester as well as in workplaces and community venues.
 The Art Institute of Tampa is a Tampa Florida branch of The Art Institutes a system of more than 40 educational institutions located throughout North America providing education in design media arts fashion and culinary arts.The Art Institutes system is a subsidiary of Education Management Corporation (EDMC) which is headquartered in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.The Art Institute of Tampa opened in 2004.
 Gothenburg High School is a secondary school located in Gothenburg Nebraska United States.
 St Edmund's College is a private Catholic day school for boys located in Griffith a suburb of Canberra Australian Capital Territory Australia. The college was established in 1954 by the Christian Brothers as St Edmund's War Memorial College. It was opened to meet the demand for a Catholic Education school in the region and was the first Catholic Secondary Boys' College established in the Australian Capital Territory.
 Brisbane Independent School (BIS) is located in semi-rural Pullenvale in the western suburbs of Brisbane Queensland Australia. The community-run school operates within a cooperative family environment. The school is operated and owned by its members who are the parent body of current students.
 Henley High School (Klamath Falls Oregon) is a public high school southeast of Klamath Falls Oregon United States in Klamath County.
 Instituto Inglés Rancagua (English: Rancagua English Institute) is a Chilean high school located in Rancagua Cachapoal Province Chile.
 Communications Technology High School was a secondary high school serving grades 9-12 and the school is located at 8110 Lyons Avenue in Southwest Philadelphia part of School District of Philadelphia's Comprehensive High School Region. The school is next to George Pepper Middle School and was part of the now current John Bartram High School.
 The Robert H. Smith School of Business is a school of business management within the University of Maryland College Park. The school was named after alumnus Robert H. Smith (Accounting 1950).
 Sabha University is a public university in the city of Sabha Libya with campuses at Murzuq Brak and Ghat.Sabha only awards bachelor's degrees. There are nine faculties or schools at Sabha University:AgricultureArtsArts and ScienceEconomics and AccountancyEngineeringLawMedicinePhysical EducationScienceEducation↑ ↑ ↑
 Riverside High School is a corrections education school in Corvallis Oregon United States. It is located at the Corvallis House Young Women's Transition Program.
 The Sapienza University of Rome officially Sapienza – Università di Roma also called simply Sapienza formerly known as Università degli studi di Roma La Sapienza is a coeducational autonomous state university in Rome Italy. It is the largest European university by enrollments[citation needed] and the oldest of Rome's four state-funded universities.
 Okanagan University College (OUC) was a public post-secondary educational institution (c. 1990 to 30 June 2005) based in Kelowna British Columbia Canada. It evolved from Okanagan College (1965 to c. 1990) and the college's predecessor the B.C. Vocational School 1963-1965. On 30 June 2005 OUC was split to create two new institutions a new Okanagan College and UBC Okanagan.
 Mary Ward Catholic Secondary School (abbreviated Mary Ward C.S.S. MWCSS MW Mary Ward or simply Ward) is a Roman Catholic secondary school of the Toronto Catholic District School Board in Scarborough Ontario a district of Toronto. Also called the Wolverine's Den Mary Ward is a unique centre of self-directed learning and a member of the Canadian Coalition of Self-Directed Learning. It is one of only two self-directed learning schools currently in Ontario and seven in Canada.
 Range High School is an Afrikaans medium school in Matroosfontein Western Cape South Africa.
 The Shri Shankaracharya Institute of Professional Management and Technology (SSIPMT) Raipur is a unit of Shri Shankaracharya Technical Campus (SSTC) managed by Shri Gangajali Education Society (SGES) approved by All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and affiliated to Chhattisgarh Swami Vivekanand Technical University Bhilai (CSVTU) and is named after Adi Shankaracharya. The college offers education in Bachelor of Engineering Master of Engineering and MBA.
 St Benedict's Roman Catholic Upper School is a co-educational Roman Catholic state school in Bury St Edmunds Suffolk England. Opened in 1967 it is part funded by the Catholic diocese of East Anglia and Suffolk Local Education Authority. Its headteacher is Hugh O'Neill. The school has around 560 students.St Benedict's is a Mathematics and Computing Specialist School. Whilst the school is based in Bury St.
 Nagoya University (名古屋大学 Nagoya daigaku) abbreviated to Meidai (名大) is a Japanese national university headquartered in Chikusa-ku Nagoya. It is one of Japan's National Seven Universities.
 Dusit Thani College or DTC (Thai: วิทยาลัยดุสิตธานี) is a private college in Bangkok Thailand specializing in hospitality management.In 1993 Dusit Thani College was established as a new addition to Dusit Thani Group which owns and operates hotels and resorts. The college is located adjacent to one of the group's hotels.
 Lester B. Pearson School for the Arts is a public elementary - Grades 4 to 8 school in London Ontario Canada part of the Thames Valley District School Board. An application process must be completed by mid December and then potential students attend a 2-day Selection workshop. Most students begin in the Grade 4 year. Only occasionally are there are openings in other grades.The twentieth anniversary of the school was celebrated with reunion activities: May 29 30 31 2009.
 Narwee High School (abbreviation:NHS) known from 1958-1991 as Narwee Boys' High School (abbreviation:NBHS) is a former high school in the southern Sydney suburb of Narwee New South Wales Australia. Narwee High School operated as a boys' high school from January 1958 until December 1990. However due to declining enrolments the school became co-educational in January 1991.
 Bergen Cathedral School (Norwegian: Bergen Katedralskole Latin: Schola Cathedralis Bergensis formerly known as Bergens lærdeskole and Bergen latinskole and colloquially known as Katten) is an upper secondary school in Bergen Norway.
 Sri Aurobindo's Yoga Mandir & Sri Aurobindo's Rourkela School Rourkela Sector - 5 is a school located in Rourkela Odisha India. The school educates up to class XII. The Sacred Relics of Sri Aurobindo and The Mother was brought to the Yoga Mandir On 12 April 1988 By Respected Champaklalji. There was also the blessings of the Sadhaka's like Babaji Maharaj (Sri Ramakrushna Das) and M.P Pandit.
 Yeshiva Rabbi Chaim Berlin or Yeshivas Rabbeinu Chaim Berlin (Hebrew: יְשִׁיבַת רַבֵּינוּ חַיִּים בֶּרלִין‎) is a Haredi Lithuanian-type yeshiva located in Brooklyn New York. Established in 1904 as Yeshiva Tiferes Bachurim it is the oldest yeshiva in Kings County.
 Lukhdhirji Engineering College popularly known as L.E. College is one of Gujarat's oldest technical institutionslocated in Morbi District. It was started as a Polytechnic institute in 1931 known as Morbi Technical Institute. The MTI was upgraded to a full fledged engineering college in 1951 when The Late Honorable His Highness Lukhdhirji donated his palace with 40 acres (160000 m2) of land on the bank of river Machhu.
 Telford - a Division of Lincoln University is a public Tertiary Education Institution. Its campus is in Otanomomo just south of Balclutha South Otago in the South Island of New Zealand.In 2010 a merger of the Polytechnic with Lincoln University was proposed.On the 18th of November 2010 it was confirmed that a merger between Lincoln University and Telford Rural Polytechnic would go ahead with the merger taking effect on 1 January 2011.
 Riseholme College is a rural science college of Further and Higher Education in Lincolnshire. It is a part of Bishop Burton College and is based at Riseholme near Lincoln with a smaller campus at Holbeach in southern Lincolnshire. Its third campus at Caythorpe Court near Grantham closed in September 2002.It was known as the Lincolnshire School of Agriculture before being renamed in 2007.
 Gimhae Foreign Language High School or GIMFL (Hangeul:김해외국어고등학교 Hanja: 金海外國語高等學校) is a public coeducational college preparatory high school founded in 2006 with the stated aim of helping students achieve their dreams in becoming future global leaders. It is the only public foreign language school in Gyeongsangnam-do province Korea and was co-founded by the Office of Gyeongnam Education and Gimhae city. The school sits at the foot of a flora covered hillside.
 The Queen Katherine School is an academy school located in Kendal Cumbria England. It is a co-educational facility for 11-18 year olds and has around 1400 students.[citation needed]
 The University of the Philippines Diliman - Extension Program in Pampanga (UPDEPP) brings the UP standard of education research and extension work to the busiest and fastest growing place in Central Luzon the Clark Freeport Zone. It also assists the Clark Development Corporation (CDC) develop its tourism program and the Clark International Airport Corporation (CIAC) in strengthening its logistics capability.
 Dalanj University is a public university in Dalang South Kordofan State Sudan.The Teachers college was established in 1995 AD. This was followed in 1999 by the Centre for Peace Studies Computer Center and College of additional studies which evolved into the Faculty of Community Development. The Graduate School was established in 2001.As of September 2011 the university was a member in good standing of the Association of African Universities.
 Oakland Community College (OCC) is a community college established June 8 1964 in Oakland County Michigan. It opened September 1965 with two campuses - Highland Lakes a renovated hospital in Union Lake and Auburn Hills a former Army Nike missile site in Auburn Hills. OCC is the largest of Michigan's community colleges.The teams are known as the Raiders and compete in the National Junior College Athletic Association (NJCAA) and the Michigan Community College Athletic Association (MCCAA).
 Lakehead University is a public research university with campuses in Thunder Bay and Orillia Ontario Canada. Lakehead University shortened to 'Lakehead U' or 'LU' is non-denominational and provincially supported. It has undergraduate programs graduate programs and is home to the western campus of the Northern Ontario School of Medicine. The school has more than 45000 alumni. The main campus in Thunder Bay has more than 7900 students.
 Marist College Canberra is an all-boys independent Catholic school founded in 1968. The College is situated on 15 hectares and located in the Australian Capital Territory Canberra. The College provides boys from years 4-12 with a well-rounded education. Founded by Marist Brothers it is a member of the Association of Marist Schools of Australia (AMSA). In 2008 the College celebrated its 40th year.
 The Bernard Zell Anshe Emet Day School (BZAEDS) is a private primary Jewish day school located in the community of Lake View in Chicago Illinois. It educates from nursery school through eighth grade. The school is accredited by the National Association of Independent Schools and the Independent Schools Association of the Central States. It is a Blue Ribbon School the highest award an American school can receive.
 Every Child Has Opportunities (ECHO) Charter School is a charter school located in Echo Minnesota. The school serves about 185 students in pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade.
 UTC Sheffield is a new university technical college (UTC) that opened in Sheffield city centre South Yorkshire England in September 2013. The site for the UTC was purchased by Sheffield City Council with capital funding of £9.9m awarded by the Department for Education for new buildings. The sponsors of the UTC include Sheffield Hallam University and Sheffield College.
 Maulana Azad National Urdu University (Urdu: مولانا آزاد نيشنل أردو يونيورسٹی Hindi: मौलाना आज़ाद नेशनल यूनिवर्सिटी) is a Central University located in the city of Hyderabad in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It was named after Maulana Abul Kalam Azad India's first Minister of Education a freedom fighter in India's struggle for independence and a scholar of Islam and Urdu literature.
 Pace University is a private university in the New York metropolitan area with campuses in New York City and Westchester County New York.
 The University of Palermo (Spanish: Universidad de Palermo) is a private university located in Buenos Aires Argentina. It has several buildings located in different parts of the city. The university offers several educational programs. It has ties with the universities of Yale Harvard and NYU among others.
 Seneca Falls Central School District is a school district in Seneca Falls New York United States. The superintendent is Mr. Robert McKeveney.The district operates four schools: Mynderse Academy Seneca Falls Middle School Elizabeth Cady Stanton School and Frank Knight Elementary. In addition the district houses Finger Lakes Christian School a PreK-12 Baptist school and formerly St. Patrick School and St. John Bosco school a Catholic PreK-8 School.
 Cotter High School is the sole Roman Catholic High School in Winona Minnesota and is one of the first in the state. Today Cotter Schools consists of the Cotter High School and Cotter Junior High School. The school opened its doors on September 5 1911 as the Cotter School for Boys. Cotter named for the diocese’s first bishop Bishop Joseph Bernard Cotter was a boys school directed by the Christian Brothers of Saint John Baptist de La Salle.
 Elmer S Gish School (formally known as Elmer S. Gish Elementary & Junior High School) part of the St. Albert Public School District #5565 is an Elementary-Junior High school located in St. Albert Alberta (Western Canada) Canada. It offers Kindergarten to Grade 9 in the Global and Cogito programs and Grades 5 to 9 in the Logos program. Elmer S Gish School has been in operation since 1981 and was named after a St. Albert educator.
 Butler Elementary School is an public elementary school that was honored by the Blue Ribbon Schools Program in 2009. Butler serves students in grades 1 through 5 as well as early childhood education.
 Mayfield High School is a public high school located in Mayfield Village Ohio an eastern suburb of Cleveland. It is part of the Mayfield City School District. It educates about 1700 students and is in the middle of a 52 acre campus in Mayfield Village Ohio.
 Island School is a private co-educational independent school (pre-kindergarten through high school) on the island of Kauai in Kauai County Hawaii United States. The school is located behind the University of Hawaii's Kauai Community College campus near the community of Lihue.
 Shatin Pui Ying College (Chinese: 沙田培英中學) abbreviated as SPYC or PYC is a Christian school that was established in 1978. Located in Hong Kong SPYC is an English medium of instruction (EMI) secondary school fully subsidised by the government with 4 classes each for Forms 1 to 3 6 classes for Form 4 and 5 classes each for Forms 5 and 6. The school icon is an eagle symbolizing courage and determination.
 Brisbane State High School (BSHS or often commonly State High) is a partially selective co-educational state secondary school located at 150 Vulture Street South Brisbane Queensland Australia. It is a member of the Great Public Schools' Association of Queensland and the Queensland Girls' Secondary Schools Sports Association.
 Goondiwindi State High School is located in Goondiwindi Queensland. It educates students years 8 to 12 from the local area; Goondiwindi Yelarbon Inglewood Millmerran Toobeah as well as many other small towns in the district.
 Macau University of Science and Technology (MUST: Portuguese: Universidade de Ciência e Tecnologia de Macau; Traditional Chinese: 澳門科技大學) is a university located in Macau China on the Cotai Strip opposite the Venetian Macau on Taipa Island next to the Macau International Airport. It is a private institution managed by the MUST Foundation and the first college established after the handover of Macau to the People’s Republic of China.
 Centreville High School (CVHS) is a public high school located in unincorporated southwestern Fairfax County Virginia United States north of the town of Clifton and east of the Centreville CDP. Having opened in 1988 to serve the rapidly growing population of the Clifton/Centreville region CVHS is the top of the Centreville High School Pyramid in Cluster VIII of the Fairfax County Public School (FCPS) system.
 University of Sistan and Baluchestan is an Iranian public university headquartered in zahedan Sistan and Baluchestan province Iran. As the second largest university of Iran it is the largest university of the province. The university has two campuses located in Iranshahr and Chabahar.
 Eisenhower High School often referred to as Ike by students and teachers alike is a public high school located in Metropolitan Detroit in the suburb of Shelby Township. It is operated by Utica Community Schools. Eisenhower's school colors are blue and silver and its mascot is the eagle.The original design of the school had few windows and no walls in the individual wings. This concept of an open area classroom failed and the building was segmented into its current classroom structure.
 Rittenhouse Elementary School built in 1925 is a well-preserved historical schoolhouse located in Queen Creek Arizona approximately 35 miles (56 km) southeast of downtown Phoenix. The school closed in 1982 and was subsequently used for storage by the Queen Creek Unified School District. Since 1994 the building has been the home of the San Tan Historical Society Museum.In 1990 the building was placed onto the Arizona Register of Historical Places.
 The École du Louvre is an institution of higher education and French Grande École located in the Aile de Flore of the Louvre Palace in Paris France and is dedicated to the study of archaeology art history anthropology and epigraphy.Admission is based on a competitive entrance exam after high school (lycée) though candidates may also apply after two or three years of university studies in the subjects of history classics literature geography philosophy and art.
 Good Shepherd Lutheran School was a parochial school in Inglewood California affiliated with the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod Pacific Southwest District (LCMS). The school opened on February 10 1936 and closed on June 12 2003. It had a history of 67 years as an institution.
 Scriber Lake High School (SLHS) located in the city of Edmonds Washington is one of five high schools within the Edmonds School District. It is the only alternative high school within the district. Currently the school serves more than 270 students in grades 9-12.
 Warwick High School is a public secondary school in the Warwick School District located in Lititz Lancaster County Pennsylvania.
 Dole Middle School (previously called Sanford Ballard Dole Intermediate) is a school located in Kalihi Valley on the island of Oʻahu in Honolulu Hawaii and was named after Sanford Ballard Dole in 1956. Dole Middle School provides education for students in grades 6 7 and 8. Students and teachers work in Teams.
 Pangasinan State University—Urdaneta is a satellite campus of Pangasinan State University located in Urdaneta Pangasinan Philippines. Pangasinan State University Urdaneta is situated in Urdaneta City. It originated as a geographic satellite of PSU Asingan. The project to create a satellite campus in Urdaneta was inspired from the visions and ideas of . Rodolfo V. Asanion who was then Dean of the Asingan Campus and later became the University President.
 Indian Institute of Science Education and Research Kolkata (Hindi: भारतीय विज्ञान शिक्षा और अनुसंधान संस्थान कोलकाता 	 Bengali: ভারতীয় বিজ্ঞান শিক্ষা ও গবেষণা সংস্থান কলকাতা; IISER-K; also referred as IISER - Kolkata) is an autonomous research and education institute in Nadia district West Bengal India.
 Ross Road School is a Canadian public school in Dartmouth Nova Scotia. It is operated by the Halifax Regional School Board (HRSB).The school offers education for students from Primary to Grade 9. After this time students proceed to high school at Cole Harbour District High School.
 The Sinclair School of Nursing is a nursing school affiliated with the University of Missouri and University of Missouri Health Care. First established in 1920 the program is fully accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE).
 Kianda School is a private Roman Catholic all-girls day school located in the Westlands area of Nairobi Kenya. The school was opened in 1977 by The Kianda Foundation a non-profit organisation that aims to better Kenyan women's lives through education and Christian values. The school began with 40 students but has now grown to a student body of about 900 in both its primary and secondary school sections.
 Maple Leaf International High School is a part of the Maple Leaf Educational system located in Jinshitan National Resort in Jinzhou District Dalian China providing the British Columbia (BC) high school program from grade ten to grade twelve.Maple Leaf accepts both domestic students and international students.
 Established in 1989 Covenant Day School is a church sponsored Christ-centered college preparatory school in Matthews North Carolina that serves more than 830 students from transitional kindergarten through high school. The mission of Covenant Day School is to assist the Christian family by providing an education marked by a Biblical worldview academic excellence and affordability so that students are equipped to be salt and light for God’s glory.
 Tauranga Intermediate is an Intermediate school situated in Tauranga New Zealand. It is the largest in the country with over 1200 boys and girls in 40 classrooms.
 SMA Negeri 1 Purwakarta is a school in Purwakarta Jawa Barat Indonesia.
 The Willem de Kooning Academy is a Dutch Academy of art and design based in Rotterdam and named in memory of Dutch artist Willem de Kooning.
 Anand Bhawan is a minority (catholic) educational institution situated in Barabanki Uttar Pradesh India founded in 1949 by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lucknow and run by the Institute of the Maids of the Poor a religious and charitable society. The institution has been fulfilling the educational needs of the city for more than 60 years.
 St Joseph's Catholic High School is a Roman Catholic voluntary aided co-educational secondary school in Slough Berkshire for students aged 11–18.Ofsted in their most recent (2006) report described the school as a good school with outstanding features. The school previously held Performing Arts status.
 Summit Middle Charter School is a charter school program serving sixth through eighth grade students in Boulder Colorado. Founded in 1996 it is the first charter school in the Boulder Valley School District.
 Nottoway High School is a public high school located in Nottoway County Virginia. It is part of the Nottoway County School Division. Athletic teams compete in the Virginia High School League's AA Southside District in Region I.
 Dayton High School is a public secondary school located in Dayton in Liberty County in southeastern Texas United States. The school serves abouth 1400 students in grades 9 through 12 in the Dayton Independent School District.
 Burnsville High School (BHS) is a three-year public high school located in Burnsville Minnesota. The school is part of Burnsville-Eagan-Savage School District 191 which covers most of Burnsville as well as parts of the surrounding cities Savage and Eagan and small parts of Shakopee and Apple Valley. A majority of the incoming sophomores come from Eagle Ridge Junior High Metcalf Junior High or Nicollet Junior High. The school mascot is Sparky a humanoid with a fireball for a head.
 Port Neches-Groves High School (PNG) is located in Port Neches Texas. The high school is the only high school in the Port Neches-Groves Independent School District and serves portions of Port Neches Groves and Port Arthur. Built in 1925 the high school was considered to be the first modern school building erected in Jefferson County.
 Westmount Charter School is a charter school based in Calgary Alberta Canada; which educates gifted students from kindergarten to grade 12. It was founded in 1996 as ABC (Action for Bright Children) Charter Public School a school for gifted children. The school started with 116 students from grades one to three and is now hosting a gifted student body of over 1000 in grades Kindergarten through 12.
 Pabna Zilla School (Bengali: পাবনা জিলা স্কুল) is the oldest high school in the Pabna District of Bangladesh. It provides education from class Three to Ten. It has two shifts - morning and day. The morning shift starts at 7.30 am and the day shift starts at 12.00 noon.Though it is a boy's school it has male and female teachers. The school has one headmaster but it has separate groups of teachers for morning and day shift.
 The Coimbatore Institute of Technology (CIT) is Government-aided Autonomous engineering college located in Coimbatore Tamil Nadu India. It was founded in 1956 by V.Rangaswamy Naidu Educational Trust (VRET) with the aim of disseminating knowledge in the fields of science engineering and technology. It is affiliated to Anna University. The Institute was granted autonomous status in 1987 and is recognized by the AICTE and NAAC.
 Northgate High School home of the Vikings is a high school located in northeastern Coweta County in Newnan Georgia. Northgate High School is the newest of the three Coweta County high schools. Northgate offers four diploma choices: College Prep with Distinction College Prep Career/Technical with Distinction and Career/Technical.
 The University of Zambia is Zambia's largest university founded in 1966. It has a student population of about 10000.
 The School of Facility Management Groningen belongs to the Hanze University Groningen in Groningen Netherlands and offers a BBA degree programme in International Facility Management.School of Facility Management is international: students come from the European Union countries Middle East Middle America and the Far East and can follow careers both in the Netherlands and abroad. The language used is English.
 Liceo Técnico Felisa Clara Tolup Zeiman (English: Felisa Clara Tolup Zeiman Technical High School) is a Chilean high school located in San Fernando Colchagua Province Chile.
 The High Weald Academy is a secondary school in Cranbrook Kent.
 Palatuwa Gunarathna Central College(Sinhala: පාලටුව ගුණරතන මධ්‍ය මහා විද්‍යාලය)(commonly known as Gunarathana College) is a government school for boys and girls in Palatuwa Matara Sri Lanka which is located in the Akuressa Road Palatuwa Village. The college is situated in a hilly area close to Matara Akuressa main road with natural surroundings. The college was initially founded as a Buddhist school in 1924.
 West Mecklenburg High School colloquially known as West Meck is a high school located in Charlotte North Carolina. It is part of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg School System and was opened in 1951. The sports teams are known as the Hawks.
 The Saint Petersburg Military Engineering-Technical University (Nikolaevsky) (Russian: Санкт-Петербургский Военный инженерно-технический университет VITU) previously known as the Saint Petersburg Nikolaevsky Engineering Academy was established in 1810 under Alexander I. The university is situated in the former barracks of the Cavalier-Guard Regiment where the university was founded.
 The Singapore Institute of Technology (abbreviation: SIT) is Singapore's fifth autonomous university in Singapore.Established in 2009 the university primarily caters to local polytechnic graduates who desire to pursue a bachelor's degree.
 Blaise Pascal University (French: Université Blaise-Pascal) also known as Université Blaise Pascal Clermont-Ferrand II or just Clermont-Ferrand II is a public university with its main campus on 53 acres (210000 m2) in Clermont-Ferrand France with satellite locations in other parts of the region of Auvergne including Vichy Moulins Montlucon and Aubière. It was founded in 1854 as part of Clermont Ferrand University.
 For other schools named Brunswick High School see Brunswick High School (disambiguation).Brunswick High School (BHS) is a public high school in Brunswick Ohio. It is the only high school in the Brunswick City School District and the only high school in the city. Brunswick High School offers a comprehensive educational program consisting of ten Advanced Placement Courses and Honors-Level programming in all academic areas.
 The Technical University of Varna (Bulgarian: Технически университет – Варна often abbreviated as ТУ – Варна TU – Varna) is a state university in Varna Bulgaria founded in 1962.
 West Leyden High School is a high school in Northlake Illinois. First opened for enrollment in 1959 the athletic mascot of West Leyden High School was originally the Knights until 1981. At this time the East and West Leyden High School athletic programs merged to create an athletic team currently known as the Eagles.
 St. Joseph's Morrow Park Catholic Secondary School (locally known as St. Joseph's Morrow Park SJMPCSS SJMP or sporadically Morrow Park) is a publicly funded all-girls secondary school located in Toronto Ontario. It was founded by the Sisters of St. Joseph in 1960 and is attached to the Sisters' motherhouse at Morrow Park. The Sisterhood was founded on October 15 1650 in LePuy France by Jean-Pierre Medaille a French Jesuit.The school is part of the Toronto Catholic District School Board.
 Lidta Catholic Cathedral School is a primary and secondary school located in Addis Ababa Ethiopia. It is affiliated with the Roman Catholic Church. It has celebrated it 50 anniversary on 2003. It is one of the schools with high rates of students entering the university.Current director Abba Tekele mekonenDeputy director Tesfaye getenehAcademic director Ato Abayneh
 Linganore High School is an American high school located in Frederick County Maryland. The school serves the eastern portion of Frederick County. The school's mascot is the Lancer and its colors are red and black.
 Okemos High School is a public high school in Okemos Michigan USA. It is the only high school in the Okemos Public Schools district. It is located southeast of the main campus of Michigan State University between Bennett and Jolly Roads on the North and South and Hulett and Hagadorn Roads on the East and West. The current building was completed in 1994 replacing the now Chippewa Middle School building as the district's high school.
 The Aga Khan School Osh in the Kyrgyz Republic was established in September 2002. On October 30 2002 the Governor of Osh Oblast Naken Kasiev inaugurated the School in the presence of His Highness the Aga Khan.The school is part of the Aga Khan Education Services (AKES). It strives to create a harmonious balance between academic demands sporting and cultural activities and community life. It challenges its pupils to be intellectually inquisitive and socially conscious.
 Mahatma Jyotiba Phule Rohilkhand University (MJP Rohilkhand University) (Hindi: महात्मा ज्योतिबा फुले रुहेलखण्ड विश्वविद्यालय) is a public (UP State Government University) university in Bareilly Uttar Pradesh India. More than 215 colleges are affiliated to the university and approximately three lakh students enroll every year for examinations. The university has taken an overall perspective of development plan.
 Holy Trinity College of General Santos City is a school in General Santos in the Philippines.
 Watson Chapel High School is a comprehensive public high school in the Watson Chapel School District in Pine Bluff Arkansas that serves grades 10 through 12. It is one of three public high schools in Pine Bluff and the only high school managed by the Watson Chapel School District. It serves as the main feeder school for Watson Chapel Junior High School.
 The Graduate School of International Relations and Pacific Studies (IR/PS) at the University of California San Diego is devoted to the study of international affairs economics and policy education. Its research and education focus is the Pacific Region. It stands as the only professional school of international affairs that is exclusively focused on Asia and the Americas.IR/PS provides a unique resource for training leaders creating ideas and building networks for the Pacific Century.
 Andover Elementary School is a small public elementary school in Andover Maine.With an enrollment of only 62 students in kindergarten through fifth grade the student-teacher ratio is one of the best in the state of Maine at approximately one teacher for every twelve students.Andover Elementary is part of the Maine School Administrative District 44.
 Anglian College London (ACL) is a British college of further and higher education operating mainly from Woolwich London. It has four academic and one administrative departments providing services to both UK and non-UK students.It is one of the few colleges accredited by both City and Guilds and Association of Business Executives (ABE) in the region.
 The Madrid Royal Conservatory (Spanish: Real Conservatorio Superior de Música de Madrid) is a music college in Madrid Spain.
 Kalimpong College established in 1962 is the oldest college in Kalimpong Darjeeling. It offers undergraduate courses in arts commerce and science. It is affiliated to the University of North Bengal.
 Southern Taiwan University of Science and Technology (STUST; Chinese: 南臺科技大學; pinyin: Nántái Kējì Dàxué) is a private university in Yongkang District Tainan Taiwan.
 Newcastle Boys High School was a selective high school located in Waratah—a suburb of Newcastle New South Wales Australia.
 Karandeniya Central College is a high school situated in Galle District of Southern Province of Sri Lanka.The main building was declared open in 1953 by the Minister of Education M. D. Banda. The College is one of the early schools that offered science education in Sinhalese in Sri Lanka. Two students qualified to enter the University of Ceylon in science in the Sinhalese language from the first batch of graduates in 1961. They are now university professors.
 Dollar Bay High School is located in Dollar Bay Michigan. It was established in 1914 and lies right on the outer boundary of Dollar Bay a small town on the Keweenaw Waterway. The school has less than 400 students K-12. Most active students are from Dollar Bay Tamarack City Hubbell and Lake Linden.
 Scottsdale Community College is located on the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community in Scottsdale AZ a suburb/rural area of Phoenix. Scottsdale Community College is a two-year college located on the eastern boundary of the city of Scottsdale Arizona on 160 acres (650000 m²) of land belonging to the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community. The lease was taken out in 1970 and will expire in 2069. The school is part of the Maricopa County Community College District.
 Layton High School is a secondary school located in Layton Utah USA. Part of the Davis School District Layton High School educates students in grades 10 to 12. As of 2002 1805 students were enrolled and actively attending the school.
 University School of Information and Communication Technology (formerly University School of Information Technology) is a premier constituent institute of Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University. The school offers a full-time B.Tech M.Tech as well as MCA programs. The admission process is through IPU-CET national level exam in which around 150000 students appear every year. The institute is the first preferred choice of top rankers in IPU-CET exam.
 The Gilmer County School District is a public school district in Gilmer County Georgia USA based in Ellijay Georgia. It serves the communities of East Ellijay and Ellijay Georgia.
 In the United States and Canada a school of education (or college of education; ed school) is a division within a university that is devoted to scholarship in the field of education which is an interdisciplinary branch of the social sciences encompassing sociology psychology linguistics economics political science public policy history and others all applied to the topic of elementary secondary and post-secondary education. The U.S.
 Bentley Wood High School is an all-girls secondary academy school in Harrow England.
 Peekskill High School (established 1972) is located at 1072 Elm St. in Peekskill New York and educates most of the district's ninth tenth eleventh and twelfth graders. The high school's current principal is Fred Hutchinson. Students at the high school prepare for the New York State Regents Exams in science language mathematics history and English. In addition to the Regents curriculum the high school also offers Advanced Placement.
 Cross Creek Programs was a therapeutic boarding school in La Verkin Utah operated by the World Wide Association of Specialty Programs and Schools (WWASPS). It sometimes is referred to as two facilities with the name Cross Creek Manor applied to the girls' program and the name Cross Creek Center used for the boys' program which were originally in different locations. Cross Creek Academy and Browning Academy have been used as names for the academic program.
 The William Allitt School or as it is more commonly referred to; William Allitt is a state school located in the village of Newhall Swadlincote in South Derbyshire England.The School's Headmistress as of 2014 is Mrs Cooper. The old headmaster Mr D Clarke took over after Mr John Crossley retired in 2010 after being Head at the school since 1996. Prior to John Crossley the headmaster was Mr David Roles.
 The Keystone School District is a small rural public school district in Clarion County Pennsylvania. It serves the boroughs of Shippenville Knox and Callensburg as well as the townships of Beaver Township Elk Township Licking Township Ashland Township and Salem Township. The Keystone School District encompasses approximately 126 square miles. According to 2000 federal census data it serves a resident population of 7589.
 Sekolah Menengah Sains Sembrong (English: Sembrong Science Secondary School) or SASEM is a fully residential schools (Sekolah Berasrama Penuh) in the state of Johor Malaysia. The school was completed and officially handed over to the Ministry of Education in April 2011.The school is widely known as SASEM.
 Camden College was an independent Congregational Union of Australia day and boarding school for boys from 1864 until 1877 and theological college for the training of Christian ministers from 1864 until 1974.
 Saltsburg Middle-High School established in 1984 serves students from Saltsburg Borough Conemaugh and Young Townships in Indiana County and Loyalhanna Township in Westmoreland County. The campus is located on Route 286 in Conemaugh Township.Middle school students transition from the elementary to the secondary through the 7th-8th grade program which offers four core subjects block classes and rotation classes. All students are required to use a school-designed planner.
 Lloyd Law College (abbreviated as LLC)is a premiere law school in India imparting legal education to the students.The institution is located in Greater NoidaUttar Pradesh and is affiliated to CCS UniversityMeerut.LLC offers five years integrated course in B.A.LLB and 3 years LLB course with specialisation in different areas of law. Lloyd Law College has been featuring in lists of premiere law colleges of Delhi/NCR.
 Rio Grande High School is a public high school located in the South Valley Albuquerque New Mexico. It is part of the Albuquerque Public Schools system. The Ravens have a talented Baseball and Wrestling team. The Wrestlers have placed second in state the past two years. The Baseball team coached by former professional baseball player Orlando Griego finished ranked 11th in state. In 2011 they got as high as third in state.
 GAIL D.A.V. Public School established 1997 (Hindi: गेल डी.ए.वी पब्लिक स्कूल स्थापित- १९९७) an English medium co-educational senior secondary school is situated at Gail Gaon Dibiyapur Auraiya Uttar Pradesh India. This school is supported by GAIL (India) Ltd. PATA one of Navaratna Public Sector Units of Govt. of India. The school is calculated to be one of the topmost institutions of knowledge in Western Uttar Pradesh. The principles of GAIL D.A.V.
 ♙The Sreenidhi Institute of Science and Technology (or SNIST) is a technical institute located in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India. It was affiliated to the Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad (JNTUH) till 2009 From 2010 the institution attained autonomous status and it is the first college under JNTUH to get that status.
 Salisbury School is an all-boys private college-preparatory boarding school founded in 1901 and located in Salisbury Connecticut. Its school newspaper is The Cupola. Its mascot is the Crimson Knight. The School's motto is Esse quam videri which translates to To be rather than to seem to be.
 Matthew McNair Secondary is a public high school in Richmond British Columbia and is part of School District 38 Richmond.Matthew McNair is one of the semester-style schools in Richmond BC. Its feeder schools include Hamilton Elementary Walter Lee Elementary Kingswood Elementary Thomas Kidd Elementary and Woodward Elementary.McNair has been recognized for its outstanding music and theater departments.
 The University of Barcelona (Catalan: Universitat de Barcelona UB; IPA: [uniβərsiˈtad də βərsəˈɫonə]; Spanish: Universidad de Barcelona) is a public university located in the city of Barcelona Catalonia in Spain. With 75 undergraduate programs 353 graduate programs and 96 doctorate programs to over 63700 students UB was considered to be the best University in Spain in the 2011 QS World University Rankings which ranked the university 148th overall in the world.
 The University of the Faroe Islands is a state-run university located in Tórshavn the capital of the Faroe Islands. It consists of three faculties: Faroese Language and Literature Science and Technology and History and Social Sciences. The university offers bachelor's master's and Ph.D.'s in all three faculties. The student body is small with 142 students total. The university organizes an annual dissertation competition open to all students.
 Saga Prefectural Taku Senior High School (佐賀県立多久高等学校) is located in Taku City Saga Prefecture Japan. Taku H.S. is a co-educational secondary school.
 Durham Law School is the law faculty of Durham University and is one of the UK's leading centres for legal research and teaching. Durham was ranked 51-100 in the world for law by the 2013 QS World University Rankings by Subject.
 The University of Diyala is an Iraqi university located in Baquba Diyala Province Iraq. It was established in 1999.
 The Downs School is a comprehensive secondary school in the village of Compton Berkshire England. It is a state school run by West Berkshire Education Authority.
 Epworth School is a Christian School with a Methodist ethos located on a 15 hectare campus in Scottsville Pietermaritzburg Kwa-Zulu Natal South Africa. Epworth is an independent school (Member of the Independent Schools Association of South Africa) catering for boys and girls Grade RRR to 7 and girls from Grade 8 to 12.Epworth has facilities for academic sporting and cultural pursuits.
 Unika De La Salle Manado is a catholic university located in Manado Indonesia in the district of North Sulawesi. Run by the Brothers of the Christian Schools and therefore part of the worldwide network of La Sallian educational institutions it was established in 2000 as a response to the monetary crisis which hit Indonesia in 1997. The Bishop of Manado Mgr Joseph Suwatan realized that the crisis hitting Indonesia could be overcome through a highly qualified educational institutions.
 Howards Grove High School is a public secondary school located in Howards Grove Wisconsin. The school serves about 320 students in grades 9 to 12 in the Howards Grove School District.
 Puerto National High School-(PNHS) is a public secondary school of Cagayan de Oro and was founded in 2005 basically an annex school building of Agusan.
 The Nueva Ecija University of Science and Technology (Filipino: Pamantasang Pang-agham at Teknolohiya ng Nueva Ecija) commonly abbreviated as N.E.U.S.T. is a university  located in Cabanatuan City Nueva Ecija Central Luzon Philippines. The university offers graduate and undergraduate courses in many specialized fields as well as vocational training programs.The university was established in 1908 and celebrated its centennial year in 2008.
 Harbor City International School also known as Harbor City or HCIS is a secondary school in Duluth Minnesota that opened in the fall of 2002. It serves students in grades nine through twelve. It currently has 208 students enrolled in the school and is accepting applicants.
 The City and Guilds of London Institute (City & Guilds) is a vocational education organisation in the United Kingdom. City & Guilds offers more than 500 qualifications over the whole range of industry sectors through 8500 colleges and training providers in 81 countries worldwide.
 Wolfreton School is a large state secondary school in the East Riding of Yorkshire England. It is situated 5 miles (8 km) to the west of Kingston upon Hull city centre. It is split over two sites one in Willerby (53.759025°N 0.440830°W﻿ / 53.759025; -0.440830﻿ (Wolfreton School Willerby site)) and one in Kirk Ella (53.747730°N 0.445480°W﻿ / 53.747730; -0.445480﻿ (Wolfreton School Kirk Ella site)).
 Kings Monkton School is an independent school for boys and girls aged 3-18. It is located in Roath Cardiff near the city's Mansion House and Cardiff University. The school was founded in 1870 and more recently has been owned by CfBT Education Trust and since April 2013 by Heathfield Independent Schools.
 Anand Engineering College also known as AEC Agra is an engineering college in Agra India. It is situated at the 18 km milestone on the Agra-Delhi highway (NH-02) spread across 30 acres (120000 m2) at a scenic location overlooking Keetham Lake one of the greenest areas around the city of Agra.
 The University of Leicester (/ˈlɛstə/ LES-tər) is a public research university based in Leicester England. The main campus is south of the city centre adjacent to Victoria Park.The university has established itself as a leading research-led university and has been named University of the Year of 2008 by the Times Higher Education.
 St. Joseph's Convent High School Patna India was established in 1853. The school is amongst the oldest missionary schools in eastern India. It is situated at Bankipore on the banks of the river Ganges.It is a girls school and the institution is controlled by Sisters of the Institute of the Blessed Virgin Mary. The school is an abider of Mary Ward's teachings.
 The Experiment in International Living EIL or The Experiment is a worldwide program offering homestays language arts community service ecological adventure culinary and regional and cultural exploration programs of international cross-cultural education for high school students. It is administered by World Learning a non-profit international development and education organization based in Brattleboro Vermont USA.
 The Hockaday School is an independent secular college preparatory day and boarding school for girls located in Dallas Texas USA. The boarding school is for girls in grades 8–12 and the day school is from pre-kindergarten to grade 12.
 Tadcaster Grammar School is a secondary school near Tadcaster North Yorkshire England founded in 1557 by Owen Oglethorpe as an all-boys school.The school is no longer situated in the brewery town of Tadcaster but in the hamlet of Toulston just outside the town. The school's catchment includes Tadcaster and its surrounding villages while traditionally taking students from the York area including villages such as Appleton Roebuck Copmanthorpe Bishopthorpe and Bilbrough.
 Lompoc High School is the public high school serving Lompoc in northern Santa Barbara County California USA. It was first established in the small farming community in 1892. It is part of the Lompoc Unified School District as is crosstown rival Cabrillo High.
 North Greenville University is a comprehensive university affiliated with South Carolina Baptist Convention and the Southern Baptist Convention and is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. The institution awards Bachelor Master and Doctoral degrees. In the 2012 edition of U.S.
 Kingsford Community School is a secondary school in Beckton in the London Borough of Newham East London England. It opened in September 2000 and educates full-time students from the ages of 11 to 16. The current Head Teacher is Joan Deslandes.
 The Schenectady City School District is a public city school district in the city of Schenectady in central Schenectady County New York. The district has 20 operating school buildings and is a component district of the Capital Region Board of Cooperative Educational Services (BOCES). It was established in 1854 and served 9971 students in pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade in the 2008-09 school year.
 The Ramakrishna Mission Siksha Mandir Sarisha or Sarisha Ramakrishna Mission Siksha Mandir is a semi-residential Bengali Medium premium higher secondary school in Sarisha in South 24 Parganas near Kolkata India. It was established in 1921. It is affiliated with the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education.
 Arizona's Miami High School (also known as Miami Junior/Senior High School) is located in the town of Miami Arizona. It is the only high school in the Miami Unified School District which also includes two elementary schools.
 The Union Christian College Aluva (a.k.a. UC College) is one of the prominent educational institutions in Kerala India.
 Lake House Academy is a private therapeutic boarding school for girls located in Flat Rock Henderson County North Carolina. The school enrolls girls ages 10 through 16 in grades 5 to 10. Programs are tailored to the developmental social emotional and academic needs of pre-adolescent and young adolescent girls with a focus on helping girls gain the skills they need to be successful in the home at school and with friends.
 Danville Area Community College (or DACC) is a public two-year community college located in Danville Illinois. It was founded in 1946 as an extension of the University of Illinois; it has grown into an independent college offering courses in 76 areas of study. These include college transfer occupational degrees and certificates re-training skill development customized training and areas of special interest.
 Silda Chandra Sekhar Mahavidyalaya also known as Silda College is an undergraduate coeducational college situated in Silda Paschim Medinipur West Bengal. It was established in the year 1971. The college is under Vidyasagar University.
 James Bowie High School is a public high school in southwest Austin Texas. With an estimated student body of 3000 and a campus sitting on 60 acres (240000 m2) Bowie is the largest school in the Austin Independent School District and also the second-largest secondary school in Central Texas. The school was established in 1988 on land donated to the school district by Circle C Ranch which again in 2011 donated 100 acres (400000 m2) for athletic purposes.
 DeKalb County High School is located in Smithville Tennessee. It is the only high school in the county and serves grades 9-12 with an enrollment of 834 as of August 14 2013. The school's mascot is a tiger and the school colors are black and gold. The principal is Patrick Cripps and the assistant principals are David Gash and Kathy Bryant.
 Queen's College was a medical school in central Birmingham England. It was founded by surgeon William Sands Cox in 1828 as The Birmingham Medical School a residential college for medical students. Cox's ambition was for the college to teach arts law engineering architecture and general science.
 Strong Vincent High School is a public high school in Erie Pennsylvania.
 Monifieth High School a comprehensive state high school in Monifieth Angus Scotland was founded in 1976. Its current headteacher is Mrs M C McInally who replaced former Rector Richard Coton at the start of this academic year. The school enrols approximately 1100 pupils from a catchment area including Monifieth parts of Barnhill Birkhill and other rural areas of Angus including The Hillbanks area Liff and Auchterhouse.
 Roxana High School is a secondary school in Roxana Illinois USA. The school's mascot is the shell named for the former Shell Oil (now ConocoPhillips) refinery also located in the town.[citation needed] The school district encompasses all of Roxana South Roxana and parts of Wood River Edwardsville and Rosewood Heights.
 Colorado Heights University is an American university in Denver Colorado part of the Teikyo University Group. In July 2009 it changed its name from Teikyo Loretto Heights University to Colorado Heights University. It opened in 1989 on the campus of the former Loretto Heights College. Colorado Heights University shortened to CHU is a nationally accredited private university located in Denver Colorado. More than half of students at CHU are from 50 different countries.
 Carmel High School Basaveshwaranagar Bangalore is a co-educational recognized private unaided institution located at Judges Colony Basaveshwaranagar Bangalore Karnataka India.The medium of instruction is English. The academic year of the school is from June to April.
 Muş Alparslan University is a university located in Muş Turkey. It was established in 2007.
 Lateran and Laterano are the shared names of several architectural projects throughout Rome. The properties were once owned by the Lateranus family of the former Roman Empire. The Laterani lost their properties to Emperor Constantine who in turn gave it to the Christian Church in 311.The most famous Lateran buildings are the Lateran Palace once called the Palace of the Popes and the Basilica of St.
 K. J. Somaiya Institute of Engineering and Information Technology (KJSIEIT) was established by the Somaiya Trust in the 2001 at Ayurvihar campus Sion Mumbai India. The institute was set up to impart education in the field of Information Technology and allied branches of Engineering and Technology.The institute is approved by AICTE New Delhi DTE Mumbai Affiliated to University of Mumbai and Accredited by Tata Consultancy Services.
 Samuel F. B. Morse High School also called Morse High School or simply Morse is an urban public high school located in southeastern San Diego in the neighborhood of Skyline Hills serving grades 9-12 in the American K-12 education system. Named after inventor Samuel Finley Breese Morse it first opened its doors in 1962.
 Hibernia College is a private online higher education college based in Ireland and the UK with offices in Westport Dublin and London. It was founded in 2000 by Dr. Seán M. Rowland and was the first online college accredited by the Irish Higher Education and Training Awards Council (HETAC). The college is a specialist in providing undergraduate and post-graduate qualifications. Students are located in Ireland Great Britain China India and 71 other countries.
 Josiah Kibira University College (JoKUCo) is a constituent college of Tumaini University Makumira in Bukoba Tanzania.
 Ravensburg-Weingarten University of Applied Sciences (German: Hochschule Ravensburg-Weingarten) is a public university in the city of Weingarten in south of German state of Baden-Württemberg. The university was founded in 1962 and tracks advanced fields in Applied Physics and Process Engineering Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Automotive and Mechatronics Engineering Mechanical Engineering and Business & Technology Management as well as Social Work and Healthcare Management.
 Institut Pertanian Bogor (IPB or Bogor Agricultural University) is an Indonesian state agricultural university based on Bogor.It was part of University of Indonesia before secede in September 1 1963. Prof. Dr. Ir. Herry Suhardiyanto M.Sc chosen as IPB rector from 2008 until now.
 Prempeh College is an all-boys boarding school in a suburb of Kumasi Ghana (the Ashanti regional capital) founded in 1949 by Asantehene Sir Osei Tutu Agyeman Prempeh II. Prempeh College was originally meant to cater to the educational needs of the middle and northern sectors of Ghana. It is the first boys secondary school in Ashanti.
 Symbiosis Institute of Computer Studies and Research (SICSR) is an educational institute located in Pune India. It offers postgraduate and undergraduate degrees in the fields of computer and information technology and is part of the Symbiosis Society. It was established in 1985. In 2002 SICSR became a constituent of Symbiosis International University (SIU) as a deemed university.It also has its own wiki for students to refer and contribute on a common platform.
 Zeta Omega Eta (ΖΩΗ) is a sorority at Trinity College in Hartford Connecticut. As of 2005 it is the only active feminist sorority in the United States.As outlined in the Constitution of the Sisterhood Zeta Omega Eta is a non-traditional sisterhood devoted to diversity inclusiveness and the advancement of feminist ideals. Inherent in the goals of Zeta Omega Eta is a commitment to action and engagement on the campus in the community and in the world.
 Alagappa College of Technology is an educational institution that offers higher education in Engineering Technology and allied Sciences. The college was established in 1944 and was integrated with Anna University in 1978 from University of Madras as a constituent part of Anna University.
 Shaheen Academy School and College is a high school in Feni District in Bangladesh. It located on the Shaheen Academy Road at Rampur in Feni Town. It is with the Comilla Education Board.
 The B.E.S.T. Academy at Benjamin S. Carson (BEST) was opened in Atlanta Georgia in August 2007. For a short time the academy was simply referred to as the boys' single gender academy but was later named by its first principal Curt R. Green in honor of the renowned neurosurgeon Dr. Benjamin S. Carson. B.E.S.T. is an acronym for Business Engineering Science and Technology. At its inception the school served boys in grade 6 with plans for expansion to grade 12 by 2013. The B.E.S.T.
 Ebène State Secondary School is a secondary school for boys in Mauritius.
 The Faculty of Education is the School of education located in Cambridge UK. It is part of the School of Humanities and Social Sciences at the University of Cambridge.
 Appleton East High School is a comprehensive secondary school located in Appleton Wisconsin. Part of the Appleton Area School District the school is one of three public four-year high schools in the city. It is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools and by the Wisconsin Department of Public Education. As of 2005 enrollment was approximately 1510. The school calendar consists of two 18-week semesters.
 Tug Valley High School is a consolidated school serving rural northern Mingo County West Virginia. The school has a Williamson postal address but is actually located in at Dens' Branch at Naugatuck. The mascot is the Panther and the school colors are Black and Silver. The school has 358 students for athletic purposes and is thus placed in class AA for athletic purposes in the state.
 Celebration High School is a public four year high school located in Celebration Florida. It is a part of the School District of Osceola County Florida.
 The Wellington Academy founded in 2009 is Wiltshire's first academy. Located in Ludgershall the academy is an 11-19 non-selective state-funded school sponsored by Wellington College an independent school in Berkshire.The President of the Academy is HRH Duke of York who performed the official opening of the new campus in November 2011.
 George Corley Wallace State Community College (referred to as Wallace Community College Selma or WCCS) is a community college in Selma Alabama. As of the Fall 2010 semester WCCS has an enrollment of 1938 students. The college was founded in 1963. WCCS fields baseball and basketball teams as a member of the Alabama Community College Conference of the National Junior College Athletic Association.
 The Xi'an Conservatory of Music (Chinese: 西安音乐学院; pinyin: Xī'ān yīnyuè xuéyuàn) is a music school located at Xi'an Shaanxi China.
 St. Augustine's Catholic Sports and Technology college is a Catholic voluntary aided secondary school in the town of Trowbridge Wiltshire. The school also has a successful sixth form section for years twelve and thirteen. It has been an Academy since September 2011.
 The Red Sea Institute of Cinematic Arts (RSICA) is the first and only MFA program in Cinematic Arts for the Middle East and North Africa. It is based in Aqaba Jordan. RSICA is a joint effort of Royal Film Commission of Jordan [1] and the University of Southern California School of Cinematic Arts.
 The Tamil Nadu Rice Research Institute (TRRI) is an Indian research institute working in the field of rice under Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU). Situated in Aduthurai in Thanjavur district it was established in April 1985 in TNAU to meet the research requirements of the region with the help of existing Agricultural Colleges and Research centres and perform lead function for rice and rice based cropping system research.
 Sankara College of Science and Commerce is a college of Science and Commerce situated in Saravanampatti 13 kilometers from the Coimbatore Airport in the Coimbatore district Tamil Nadu. It is approved by the All India Council for Technical Education and is affiliated with the Bharathiar University.
 Berkeley City College (BCC) formerly Vista Community College one of the California Community Colleges is part of the Peralta Community College District. It is centrally located in downtown Berkeley two blocks west of the UC Berkeley campus. Berkeley City College is accredited by the Accrediting Commission for Community and Junior Colleges of the Western Association of Schools and Colleges.
 Northwest University of Politics and Law (abbreviated NWUPL Chinese: 西北政法大学 Pinyin: xīběi zhèngfǎ dàxué）is a university in Xi'an one of the old law institutions in China. The university serves as the educational center of law in the northwest part of China and as one of the key bases of law institutions of higher learning in China.
 Stephen Bull Fine Arts Elementary School (also known as Bull Fine Arts) is located in Racine Wisconsin. It is a public school for grades kindergarten to 5 with an estimated student enrollment of 301.Built in 1914 Bull was named for Stephen Bull instrumental in the creation of what is now CNH Global.
 Windham School District is a public school district located in Windham New Hampshire U.S..
 Queen's College is an independent school for girls aged 11–18 with an adjoining prep school for girls aged 4–11 in the City of Westminster London. Founded in 1848 by theologian and social reformer Frederick Denison Maurice Professor of English Literature and History at King's College London along with a committee of patrons the College was the first institution in the world to award academic qualifications to women.
 Thayer Academy (TA) is a private co-educational college-preparatory day school located in Braintree Massachusetts United States. The academy conceived in 1871 at the bequest of General Sylvanus Thayer the father of the United States Military Academy and founder of the Thayer School of Engineering at Dartmouth College was established in 1877.
 Selwyn House School (SHS) is a private independent boys' school located in Westmount Quebec. Boys can attend from Kindergarten through to Grade 11. The school was founded in 1908 by Englishman Captain Algernon Lucas.
 Mount Judea High School (MJHS) is an accredited comprehensive public high school located in Mount Judea Arkansas United States. MJHS provides secondary education for approximately 65 students in grades 7 through 12. It is one of four public high schools in Newton County and one of two high schools administered by the Deer/Mount Judea School District.
 Carmel School is a private modern orthodox zionist Jewish school in Perth Western Australia which was founded in 1959. It offers Jewish religious and cultural education as well as conventional secular education for students from Kindergarten to Year 12 though its two school components: a full-time primary school and high school. It is the only Jewish day school in WA.
 Louisville High School is a public high school located in Louisville Ohio USA. It is the only high school in the Louisville City School District. It serves all of the city of Louisville and the majority of the surrounding Nimishillen Township.
 Kagawa University (香川大学 Kagawa Daigaku) is a national university in Takamatsu Kagawa Japan. The university was established in 1949 as a national university after the consolidation and reorganization of the Kagawa Normal School the Kagawa Normal School for Youth and the Takamatsu College of Economics (formerly the Takamatsu Higher School of Commerce).
 The School of Sport and Exercise Sciences (SSES) students use Medway Park a multimillion-pound sport centre (partly funded by the University). Facilities include a swimming pool athletics track sports halls fitness suite and spa.
 Holy Trinity Catholic High School or HTCHS is a private high school in Temple Texas. Holy Trinity Catholic High School is a private co-educational college-preparatory school. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Austin.
 Mary Manse College was a Catholic institution of higher education located in Toledo Ohio from 1922 until 1975. The college was founded in 1922 at the request of the Bishop of Toledo Samuel Stritch. Operated by the Ursuline Order of nuns Mary Manse opened in September 1922 with thirty students. The Ohio State Board of Education recognized the school as degree-granting institution in 1926 and received accreditation by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools in 1933.
 Westmont High School or WHS is a public four-year high school located in Westmont a western suburb of Chicago Illinois in the United States. It is part of Westmont Community Unit School District 201. The student population of 500-600 students and building size are much smaller than adjacent public high schools such as Downers Grove North and Hinsdale Central.
 Morningside College (Chinese: 晨興書院) is one of the colleges of the Chinese University of Hong Kong established in 2006. Morningside College is the smallest residential college of the Chinese University of Hong Kong accommodating around 300 students at equilibrium. In September 2010 Morningside College admitted its first cohort of 72 undergraduates.
 Rajadhani Institute of Engineering and Technology (RIET) established in 2009 is a private self-financing technical institution in Thiruvananthapuram Kerala India. It is affiliated to the Kerala University and is approved by the All India Council for Technical Education.
 Charlotte High School is a historic public high school in Punta Gorda Florida United States serving ninth through twelfth grade students. The school is part of the Charlotte County Public Schools district with admission based primarily on the locations of students' homes. Established in 1926 Charlotte High is located at 1250 Cooper Street.
 Dagon University (Burmese: ဒဂုံ တက္ကသိုလ် [dəɡòʊɴ tɛʔkəθò]) located in North Dagon Yangon is one of the largest universities in Myanmar. The university established in 1993 offers bachelor's and master's degrees in liberal arts and sciences to full-time part-time and online students. Dagon University also offers a full-time four-year law degree program. The university's 1582-acre (6.40 km2) campus in the outskirts of Yangon is one of the largest campuses in the country.
 The American College of Cardiology (ACC) based in Washington D.C. is a nonprofit medical association established in 1949. The ACC bestows credentials upon cardiovascular specialists who meet its qualifications. Education is a core component of the College which also states it is active in the formulation of health policy and a supporter of cardiovascular research.
 La Jolla High School (LJHS) is a comprehensive high school for grades 9–12 located in La Jolla California a community within the city limits of San Diego. LJHS supports approximately 1650 students. The student body consists of the local community and students from the Voluntary Ethnic Enrollment Program School Choice and the Gifted and Talented Education (GATE) programs.In 2003 LJHS was named a California Distinguished School.
 The Academy of the Holy Names (Silver Spring Maryland) or AHN was a Catholic girls college-preparatory high school located in Silver Spring Maryland.
 Taiyuan University of Technology (Chinese: 太原理工大学; pinyin: Tàiyuán Lǐgōng Dàxué) (abbreviation: TYUT or TUT) is a university in Shanxi People's Republic of China under the authority of the provincial government. In 2012 it celebrated its 110th anniversary. It is listed officially as one of the 'Top 100 universities in China' according to the Chinese government.
 The Academy of Fine Arts and Design in Bratislava (AFAD) (Slovak: Vysoká škola výtvarných umení v Bratislave abbr. VŠVU) is an academy in Bratislava Slovakia. AFAD was founded in 1949 at the dawn of totalitarian regime in the former Czechoslovak Socialist Republic. For next forty years the institution was under the pressure of political doctrine promoting so called socialist realism in arts as well as suffering the political purges affecting badly the whole society.
 Uzhhorod Gymnasium is a public Ukrainian school in Uzhhorod Ukraine.
 The Liberty University School of Law is the law school of Liberty University a private Evangelical Christian university in Lynchburg Virginia. According to its website Liberty University School of Law is a law school committed to academic and professional excellence in the context of the Christian intellectual tradition. We are a law school where what is taught comports with history objective reality morality and common sense.
 The Academy of Fine Arts of Verona (Italian name: Accademia di Belle Arti Gian Bettino Cignaroli di Verona) is a post-secondary school for studies in the visual arts founded in 1764.The Academy is part of the University of Verona and represents its Faculty of Art.
 The A. James Clark School of Engineering is the engineering college of the University of Maryland College Park. The school consists of fourteen buildings on the College Park campus that cover over 750000 sq ft (70000 m2). The school is in close proximity to Washington D.C. Baltimore and technology-driven institutions such as NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center.
 Lunghwa University of Science and Technology (LHU; Chinese: 龍華科技大學; pinyin: Lónghuá Kējì Dàxué) is a private university of science and technology in the Taiwanese vocational education system originally based in Guishan Township Taoyuan County Taiwan.As its spirit of fundamental of initial creation in its school song a technical skill can be valued unlimitedly; both hands can be creating infinitely for country. The LHU is a multi-technology institution that has a good open-mined system and universal spirit of root cause studying architecture among structured cells.Popular undergraduate majors at LHU include electronics business mechanic engineering finance philology international business industrial management multi-media and gaming science tourism and leisure science and computer science. 
 Fort Zumwalt West High School the third high school established in the Fort Zumwalt School District is located in O'Fallon Missouri. First opened for the 1998–1999 school year the school now has an approximate enrollment of 2282 students. The average daily attendance rate is nearly 97%. The building was expanded in the early 2000s. There used to be a group of trailer parks called Trailorville but were removed in the 2011–2012 year.
 Karnatak University (Kannada: ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ ವಿಶ್ವವಿದ್ಯಾಲಯ ) was established at Dharwad in the Indian state of Karnataka in October 1949. It had its official inauguration in March 1950. The campus spans 750 acres (3 km²). Dr. D. C. Pavate was the vice-chancellor from 1954 to 1967. The rapid development of the institution is credited to him.The university was recognized with the Potential for Excellence by the University Grants Commission.
 Mayfair High School is a high school in the Bellflower Unified School District in the city of Lakewood California. The school first opened in 1959. The student population is approximately 3616 in grades 7 through 12. Mayfair serves students in the cities of Lakewood Bellflower Cerritos as well as other surrounding cities though the students not from Cerritos Bellflower or Lakewood usually need special waivers to attend.
 Concord Academy is a private state approved non-profit school (Grades 6-12) for students with special needs such as learning disabilities attention deficits and many other problems that prevent students from learning in a regular class setting or school. Sometimes the students they serve are challenged with a singleor more special learning consideration or a defined social-emotional need.
 Yung Ta Institute of Technology and Commerce (YTIT; Chinese: 永達技術學院; pinyin: Yǒngdá Jìshù Xuéyuàn) is a private university located in Linluo Township Pingtung County Taiwan.
 Shandong University of Science and Technology (SUST; simplified Chinese: 山东科技大学; traditional Chinese: 山東科技大學; pinyin: Shāndōng kējì dàxué) established in 1951 is a university in Shandong province China. It offers courses in science and technology.
 Horace Mann School (also known as Horace Mann or HM) is an independent college preparatory school in New York City founded in 1887. Horace Mann is a member of the Ivy Preparatory School League educating students from all across the New York tri-state area from nursery school to the twelfth grade. The Upper Middle and Lower Divisions are located in Riverdale a neighborhood of the Bronx while the Nursery School is located in Manhattan.
 Elwood Union Free School District is a school district in New York which serves residents in Huntington southeastern Greenlawn southwestern East Northport and Elwood all of which are communities in the Town of Huntington.The district includes two elementary schools Harley Avenue Primary School and James H.
 The Dale Bumpers College of Agricultural Food and Life Sciences is the University of Arkansas' college for students interested in plants animals food the natural environment and the human environment. It is named for former US Senator and Arkansas governor Dale Bumpers.
 University Hall (Chinese: 大學堂) or just UHall is a historical male students residence of the University of Hong Kong. Uhall is one of the oldest student residence under the university's hall system and gives shelter to about 110 students. It is located at No.
 Tran Dai Nghia High School For The Gifted is a semi-boarding school in Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam for grades 6 to 12 (ages 11 to 18). It is a partially state-funded selective high school specializing in foreign languages.Tran Dai Nghia High School ranks seventeenth nationally in the 2012 Vietnam university admission ranking
 Ecorse Public Schools is a school district headquartered in Ecorse Michigan United States. The district serves Ecorse.
 Notre Dame Preparatory School is a private Roman Catholic independent school in Towson Maryland. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baltimore. Notre Dame Preparatory School is one of Baltimore's oldest Catholic college preparatory schools for girls. Founded in 1873 by the School Sisters of Notre Dame a teaching order from Germany Notre Dame Prep is located in Towson Maryland north of Baltimore City.
 Liberty County School District is a public school district that covers Liberty County Florida.
 Bennett Memorial Diocesan School is a Church of England Aided academy school in Royal Tunbridge Wells Kent England.
 Indian School Muscat (abbreviated: ISM) is an Indian school in Muscat Oman. It was founded in 1975 as the central Indian school with 135 students. His Majesty Qaboos bin Said al Said the benevolent ruler of the Sultanate of Oman granted land in Darsait that enabled the school to be established. Since then the school has seen exceptional growth both in terms of enrollment and size. As of 2010 the school boasts an enrollment of over 8500 students.
 See also Hazelwood School Birmingham (est. 1790)Hazelwood School is an independent prep school located in Limpsfield Surrey. The school was established in 1890 as a boarding school for boys aged 8–13 by Edward Baily and his wife Ruth.Baily bought the land from the Titsey Place estate as he loved the views of the Weald and the Ashdown Forest and thought the site healthy and bracing.
 Karachi Grammar School commonly known as KGS is an independent English-medium school in Karachi Sindh Pakistan.
 Schreiner University is a private liberal arts institution located in Kerrville Texas. The University enrolls an estimated 1100 undergraduate and graduate students. It offers 27 four-year undergraduate programs an MBA and a master of education. Its religious affiliation is to the Presbyterian Church. Established in 1923 it has been coeducational since 1932. As of the fall 2011 Schreiner had a student/faculty ratio of 13:1.
 Tualatin High School is a public secondary school located in Tualatin Oregon United States. Students in grades 9 through 12 attended the school that is part of the Tigard-Tualatin School District. Opened in 1992 school teams are known as the Timberwolves.
 Wilson High School is a high school located in Spring Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It is the only high school in the Wilson School District.
 Milton Keynes College is a general further education and training college serving the Borough of Milton Keynes. It also serves the surrounding areas (northern Aylesbury Vale south Northamptonshire north west Bedfordshire and north east Oxfordshire). It also provides tertiary education to Foundation Degree level.
 The Folkestone Academy is a coeducational secondary school in Folkestone Kent. The school opened in September 2007 and currently has an intake of about 1600 pupils (11-19). Sir Roger De Haan former Chairman of Saga is the principal sponsor. The King's School Canterbury also sponsors the academy. The main academy buildings were designed by world renowned architects Foster and Partners.The Headteacher of the academy is Mr Warren Smith.
 Dawson-Bryant High School is a public high school in Coal Grove Ohio. It is the only high school in the Dawson-Bryant Local School District. Their mascot is the Hornets; and the school's colors are red black and white.
 Elmhurst College is a comprehensive private liberal arts college in Elmhurst Illinois a suburb of Chicago with a tradition of service-oriented learning. It has an affiliation with the United Church of Christ.
 Walton Girls' High School and Sixth Form is a secondary school with academy status for girls aged 11 to 16 with a mixed sixth form in Grantham Lincolnshire England. It is situated in the south-west of the town near the A607 junction with the A1.
 United Middle School is a middle school located in the northern portion of Laredo Texas and is a part of the United Independent School District. Enrollment at United Middle school is estimated to be about 900 students. The current campus is overcrowded and a new middle school campus is in the planning stages for the area to relieve United Middle School.
 Girls' High School & College is an English medium school and a private all-girls school for boarders and day scholars in Allahabad in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India founded in 1861 the year of our lord to provide a Christian education to the children of Europeans and Anglo-Indians but has always accepted children from all backgrounds. Though originally co-educational it now admits only girls .
 Guru Jambheshwar University of Science and Technology Hisar was founded in 1995. The jurisdiction of the university extends to the courses being run in the areas of science technology engineering pharmacy and management.
 Westminster High School (Acronym: WHS) founded by Madam Elizabeth Kho in 1933 is a Christian educational institution in Manila Philippines. It has a sister-school under the same name in Taiwan.Since the 1930s the school had been offering Chinese courses from kindergarten up to high school however in 2001 it abolished the Chinese curriculum and ceased from participating in sports competitions with other Chinese schools in Metro Manila.
 Bishop Grosseteste University is a public university in Lincoln England. It was granted full university status on 3 December 2012 having been established in 1862 as a teacher training college for the Diocese of Lincoln it only gained full degree awarding powers in 2006.It attracts mature and local students with 27% of the undergraduate body aged 21 or above at the start of their course and 50% from a 30 mile radius.
 Bangladesh Agricultural University (Bengali: বাংলাদেশ কৃষি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় Bangladesh Krishi Bishshobiddalôe) or BAU was established as the only university of its kind in Bangladesh in 1961. The scheme for the establishment of BAU was finalized on 8 June 1961 and its ordinance was promulgated on 18 August 1961.
 Delta Technical College (Delta Tech) founded in 2004 is a privately owned career college in Horn Lake Mississippi United States.Delta Technical College is a branch campus of Midwest Technical Institute Based in Springfield IL.Delta Technical College provides students opportunities for learning and personal growth. Delta Tech strives to be a leader in promoting student learning and achievement in a variety of careers and trades.
 Vermont Technical College is a public technical college with two main campuses located in Randolph Center and Williston Vermont. The College also has nursing campuses in other locations throughout the state. The college is a part of the Vermont State Colleges a consortium of Vermont's five public colleges governed by a common board of trustees chancellor and Council of Presidents each college with its own president and deans.
 Rozgan University (Pashto: اروزګان پوهنتون‎) is a public university located in Tarinkot capital of southern Rozgan Province of Afghanistan. The university was officially inaugurated on March 28 2012.Rozgan University (RU) currently has a single faculty education.
 Midwestern College was a private liberal arts college that operated from 1965 to 1970 in Denison Iowa. Midwestern was one of several colleges in the upper Midwest established by local civic leaders with the support and encouragement of Parsons College in Fairfield Iowa. These Parsons satellite schools were by-products of the strong growth and apparent success of Parsons during the late 1950s and early 1960s and all followed the Parsons Plan academic model developed at that school.
 Sakubva High School is a day school located within Sakubva high density township in Mutare Zimbabwe. Formerly Sakubva Secondary School but now called Sakubva High School (alias Dangwe) it is also referred to as Sakubva 1 High School. It is the oldest secondary school in Sakubva township. It produced a number of prominent students from the township. Students typically walk to school in some instances students walk long distances to school.
 Waterpark College is a secondary school in the city of Waterford Ireland. The school was established in 1892 on the banks of the River Suir as Waterford's first Classical school and still provides a secondary education to boys from Waterford City County and the surrounding area. Its principal Thomas A. Beecher has held his position since 1990.
 Palmer Ridge High School (commonly PR or PRHS) is a public high school in Monument Colorado USA serving students in grades 9–12.
 The Maritime College of Forest Technology (French: Collège de Technologie forestière des Maritimes) is a Canadian post-secondary college with campuses located in Fredericton New Brunswick (English instruction) and Bathurst New Brunswick (French instruction).
 Amal International School (also called and abbreviated as A.I.S.) is a popular middle-class international school in Sri Lanka. Founded in January 1991 it was first launched as a social service project to develop and expand local English-medium studies. AIS is attended by approximately a thousand students for classes ranging from Preschool to Advanced Level. It is now one of the vast cluster of schools located in the Havelock Town region of Colombo the commercial capital of the country.
 Elthorne Park High School (sometimes abbreviated to 'EPHS') is a secondary school located just off Boston Road (the A3002) in Hanwell a town in the London Borough of Ealing. It provides education for pupils aged from 11 (year 7) until 18 (year 13). Year 13 and Year 12 students are sixth form students. The previous school on the site - Elthorne High School - was formed in 1974 by the amalgamation of Walpole Grammar and Bordeston Secondary Modern and Northfields Girls schools.
 St. Mary's Convent School Kasauli Himachal Pradesh India was established in 1958 by the Roman Catholic Church of India. The founder of the school was Dr. James Robert Knox Apostolic Internuncio of India in 1962. Following the C.B.S.E system of education St. Mary's is spread over a comfortably sized campus in the heart of Kasauli. The school educates boys and girls of all castes and religions.
 Boroughmuir High School is a non-denominational secondary school in Edinburgh Scotland. It was founded in 1904 and moved to its current site in 1913.Its catchment area is in the south side of the city and includes Bruntsfield Buckstone and South Morningside Primary Schools.
 The University of Antwerp (Dutch: Universiteit Antwerpen) is one of the major Belgian universities located in the city of Antwerp. The name is abbreviated as UAntwerp but sometimes (unofficially) as UA.
 St. Augustine's College was an Australian Roman Catholic secondary college in Yarraville Victoria. It was opened in 1942 and manned and run by the Congregation of Christian Brothers.The school was particularly recognised in the city of Melbourne for the strength of its sporting teams and the sportsmen it produced. For example six members of the 1954 VFL premiership team (the Footscray Bulldogs) were old boys of St.
 St. Brendan's College known locally as The Sem is a secondary school in Killarney County Kerry Ireland.
 Krishnath College School located in Berhampore is one of the oldest school in Bengal as well as in India. Originally held in the same building with Krishnath College it was moved into separate buildings in 1908.
 Rajakeeya Madya Maha Vidyalaya (Sinhala: රාජකීය මධ්‍ය මහා විද්‍යාලයය; also known as Royal College Polonnaruwa or Royal Central College Polonnaruwa) is a national school in Polonnaruwa Sri Lanka.
 Liberty High School is a secondary school located in the East Renton Highlands in King County Washington United States. Founded in 1977 LHS anchors the southern region of the Issaquah School District in the areas of Mirrormont Issaquah Four Lakes May Valley East Renton Highlands East Lakemont and the city of Newcastle. The school was named Liberty because of the U.S. bicentennial celebration in 1976.
 Averill Park Central School District (APCSD) is a rural fringe public school district located east of the city of Rensselaer in south central Rensselaer County New York. The district has five operating school buildings: three elementary schools one middle school and one high school. The district is a member of the Rensselaer-Columbia-Greene Board of Cooperative Educational Services (BOCES) known as Questar III.
 G D Birla Memorial School is a secondary and senior secondary school offering education to over 700 students from grades 4 through 12. It was established in 1987 in memory of the Indian industrialist Ghanshyam Das Birla by its founders Syt. B K Birla (Basant Kumar Birla) and Smt. Sarla Birla . It is situated in Ranikhet (Dist. Almora India).
 Bennett Valley Union School District is a public school district based in Santa Rosa in Sonoma County California United States. It operates two elementary schools Yulupa School and Strawberry School. The district served 983 students in the 2011-2012 school year.
 Colegio Fray Pedro de Gante is a Roman Catholic school in Nogales Sonora. It was founded in 1946 by Father Ignacio de la Torre (commonly referred to as Padre Nacho). From 2010-2012 it was an associate member of the Arizona Interscholastic Association for the purpose of scrimmaging with Arizona high schools in football. All matches were played in Arizona.
 St. Stephen's High School - Bradshaw MD - was part of a k-12 parish school started in 1931. Bradshaw is 3 miles NE of Kingsville MD and about 5 miles south of Bel Air Maryland. It was part of the Baltimore Archdiocese educational system.The school moved into a frame building once the Church was finished. The first graduating class was in 1936. It remained the High School until its close in 1964 when Archbishop John Carroll High School opened in Bel Air MD. St.
 Russian State Social University (RSSU Российский Государственный Социальный Университет) is a public university located in Moscow Russian Federation.
 The Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy at the University of Michigan often referred to as the Ford School is a leading public policy school in the United States. Founded in 1914 as the Institute of Public Administration it was named in 1999 after former President Gerald Ford who was a 1935 graduate of the University of Michigan. In the latest U.S.
 Roxbury Community College (RCC) is a community college in the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts. RCC offers associate degrees in arts and sciences as well as certificates. RCC also has a program for students to earn a bachelor's degree from the Eastern Nazarene College in Quincy. In June of 2012 Roxbury's president Terrence Gomes agreed to resign in the wake of an ongoing audit by the U.S.
 Avadh University (Hindi: अवध विश्वविद्यालय) known as Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University is one of the premier universities in India. It is on NH96 in Faizabad city of Uttar Pradesh (U.P.) province. It was established on 25 July 1975 by the government of Uttar Pradesh.
 Linpark High School is a co-educational public boarding school situated on Claude Forsyth Rd in Boughton a northern suburb of Pietermaritzburg KwaZulu-Natal South Africa.The school's curriculum has a technical bias with courses in subjects such as motor mechanics and electronics in addition to more traditional subjects such as maths and science.Although it has boarding facilities the majority of the school's students are day pupils living locally.Originally an all-white school the first black pupils were admitted in 1991.
 Pleasant Hill High School or PHHS is a public four-year high school located at 501 East Quincy Street in Pleasant Hill Illinois a village in Pike County Illinois in the Midwestern United States. PHHS serves the community of Pleasant Hill. The campus is located 55 miles southwest of Jacksonville Illinois and serves a mixed village and rural residential community.
 Depew Union Free School District is a school district in Depew New York United States. The superintendent is Mr. Jeffrey Rabey. The district operates three schools: Depew High School Depew Middle School and Cayuga Heights Elementary School.
 Adarsh Vidya Mandir is a private Higher Secondary school situated in Bokaro Jharkhand India. The school management is run by Marwari Panchayat Chas Bokaro.
 The Peter F. Drucker and Masatoshi Ito Graduate School of Management or more commonly the Drucker School of Management is the business school of Claremont Graduate University which is a member of the Claremont Colleges. The school is named in honor of Peter Drucker who taught management at the school for over 30 years.
 Shawnee Mission North High School is a public secondary school in Overland Park Kansas USA for grades 9–12. It is one of five schools operated by Unified School District 512.The school colors are Red Black and White and the school mascot is the Indian. The average annual enrollment is approximately 2000 students.Shawnee Mission North High School was founded in 1922 in order to help educate the increasing number of students due to the emerging population of Shawnee Mission.
 Old Trail School is an independent coeducational day school serving toddler though grade 8 founded in 1920. It is located in Bath Ohio in Cuyahoga Valley National Park. It is the only independent school in the United States that is located in a national park.The School's curriculum includes core subjects world languages arts and athletics.
 The former Sheffield Central Technical School (CTS) was housed in the collection of buildings now called Leopold Square in the city centre of Sheffield South Yorkshire England. The complex of buildings home to the school is bounded by Leopold Street West Street Orchard Lane and Holly Street.
 Montbello High School is a high school located in Denver. Montbello is part of the Denver Public Schools system. It is located in the Montbello neighborhood on the northeast side of Denver.
 Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies Hyderabad is a management institution located in Hyderabad India.
 Petro Mohyla Black Sea State University is a Ukrainian university in Mykolaiv.Post address: 10 68-Desantnykiv Street Mykolaiv Ukraine 54003
 Highlands College is a further and higher college in Jersey in the Channel Islands. It has 860 full-time and over 4000 part-time and adult students. Highlands is a Partner College of the University of Plymouth (The University of Plymouth Colleges network). The Principal is Professor Edward Sallis OBE The Deputy Principal is Dr Gary Jones.The College is situated on a campus in St.
 National University of Science and Technology (NUST) is university in Zimbabwe. It was established in 1991.
 Al-Andalus University for Medical Sciences (Arabic: جامعة الأندلس الخاصة للعلوم الطبية‎) is a private university based in Qadmus Syria. Established in 2005. The university specializes in medical sciences and runs a number of training hospitals around the country. Currently the university has only two faculties Faculty of Dentistry and Faculty of Pharmacy. Other planned faculties include Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Nursing and Faculty of Medical Engineering.
 Law University is going to be established in Haryana in the Rajiv Gandhi Education city in Sonipat. The bill was passed in the Haryana Vidhan Sabha recently to establish this university in the state.Of the total seats in the university a minimum of 25% seats for admission shall be reserved for the Haryana domiciles out of which one-fifth of the seats will be reserved for the wards of land owners whose land was acquired for the project.
 BASIS Scottsdale is a charter school in eastern Scottsdale Arizona. It is located on the northwest corner of 136th St. and Via Linda. It is operated by BASIS Schools a nationally-recognized operator of charter schools in Arizona. It was the first BASIS school in the Phoenix area.
 J.L. Ilsley High School is a Canadian high school located in Spryfield in the western part of Nova Scotia's Halifax Regional Municipality. The school is named after James Lorimer Ilsley a former federal cabinet minister who served in Prime Minister William Lyon MacKenzie King's World War II government and was later Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia. The school opened in 1971.
 Castle Community College is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in Deal in the English county of Kent. The school is named after Deal Castle a 16th-century coastal artillery fort.The school converted to academy status on 1 October 2010.
 The Royal Grammar School (originally The Free School) commonly known as the RGS is a selective English independent day school for boys in Guildford Surrey. The school dates its founding to the death of Robert Beckingham in 1509 who left provision in his will to 'make a free scole at the Towne of Guldford'; in 1512 a governing body was set up to form the school. The school moved to the present site in the upper High Street after the granting of a royal charter from King Edward VI in 1552.
 The College of Engineering TVM commonly known as CET is situated in Thiruvananthapuram the capital city of Kerala founded in 1939 during the reign of the Travancore King Sree Chithira Thirunal Balarama Varma. The college was ranked 18th overall among 100 Top Engineering colleges of the country by Dataquest-CMR Top T-Schools Survey 2011.
 St Margaret Mary's Secondary School is a co-educational denominational comprehensive secondary school located in Castlemilk Glasgow Scotland.The school originally opened in 1962. The original buildings were demolished in 2002 with a new smaller school opening in 2004. This was part of a widespread program of rebuilding and refurbishing schools throughout Glasgow by Glasgow City Council in a PFI program.
 Padma Ratna English School also known as PR English School private English medium school founded in 1975. It is one of the reputed institution in Thoubal district and in Manipur. It was situated at the home of the founder of the school Sri Salam Khetra Singh (near Wari Khamnangba Leikon). After some years it was shifted to the lower part of Kakching called Panjou Palum. PR English School provides HSLC Examination conducted by the Manipur Board of Secondary Education.
 Thomas Jefferson Elementary School serves grades 2 through 5 in the Falls Church City Public Schools system. It is the only school located within Falls Church City (FCC). The other three FCCPS schools are in bordering Fairfax County. The second through fifth grade curriculum is based on the Virginia Standards of Learning. Age appropriate instructional activities encourage children to engage in hands on learning while exploring predicting and analyzing to acquire new skills.
 Holly Lodge High School College of Science is a secondary school located in Smethwick West Midlands England.
 West High School (commonly West West High or WHS) is a public secondary school located in Sioux City Iowa with an enrollment of approximately 1404 students. The school is a part of the Sioux City School District and is one of three public high schools in Sioux City.
 Serangoon Junior College (SRJC) is a junior college in Singapore offering a two-year course for pre-university students leading up to GCE 'A' Level examinations.
 Walton High School formerly Nelson Grammar School (prior to 1972) was located on Oxford Road Nelson in Lancashire England. The school existed between 1972 and 2006. The school became Pendle Vale College in September 2006 and construction of the new building commenced July 2006. Construction was finished in time for the new term 7 September 2008.
 Madurai Kamaraj University (MKU) is a public university in India located in Madurai city in southern Tamil Nadu India. It was established in 1966 and has about 130000 students in 18 schools comprising 72 departments and 109 affiliated colleges.
 Mountcrest University College is a private co-ed tertiary institution in Ghana.
 Chavagnes International College is a Catholic school for boys in Chavagnes-en-Paillers France. Founded in 1802 by Louis-Marie Baudouin the school was re-fashioned an international college by Ferdi McDermott in 2002. The school's language of instruction is English and it prepares pupils for British GCSEs and A-levels with the French Brevet and Baccalauréat as options.The College claims to be a traditional English school in France.
 Wood-Dene School was a public school for the creative arts in the English county of Norfolk in Great Britain closing during March 2010. The school was located in a former rectory to which additional facilities have been added.In 2007 the school was visited privately by Chris Woodhead formerly HM Chief Inspector of Schools who stated I must have visited thousands of schools in my time. Few compare to Wood-Dene.
 Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University popularly known as Virginia Tech is a public land-grant university with a main campus in Blacksburg Virginia educational facilities in six regions statewide and a study-abroad site in Switzerland. The commonwealth's most comprehensive university and leading research institution Virginia Tech offers 225 undergraduate and graduate degree programs to some 31000 students and manages a research portfolio of $454 million.
 The Islamic Azad University Fars Science and Research Branch (Persian: دانشگاه آزاد اسلامی واحد علوم و تحقیقات فارس [dɒːneʃɡɒːhe ɒːzɒːde eslɒːmiː vɒːhede oluːm væ tæhɣiːɣɒːte fɒːɾs] (also informally referred to as O.T.F.) is one of the many campuses affiliated with the Islamic Azad University and is located approximately 55 km Northwest of Shiraz Fars Iran and 20 km southwest of Marvdasht.
 The Oro Grande School district is located in the town of Oro Grande California. Oro Grande School District is composed of four schools three of which are charter schools or academies that take in students from outside the district. Oro Grande Elementary School serves grades Kindergarten through six in a college preparatory setting.
 Srinakharinwirot University (Thai: มหาวิทยาลัยศรีนครินทรวิโรฒ) is a government funded university located in Bangkok Thailand. The university was founded in 1949. It was named by King Bhumibol Adulyadej and is the leading Thai university in the field of Education and Fine Arts. It was the first institution of higher education in Thailand to concentrate solely on teacher training.
 West Lutheran High School is a co-educational secondary school located in Plymouth Minnesota a suburb of the Twin Cities. It is operated by 20 Lutheran congregations belonging to the Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod and the Evangelical Lutheran Synod. It is accredited by the Minnesota Nonpublic School Accrediting Association (MNSAA).The school was opened in 1979 in temporary quarters. A permanent facility was established in 1996. It serves grades 9-12 and has a student body of 193.
 Chesterfield St Helena School also known as Chesterfield Girls' Grammar School and St Helena School Chesterfield was an all-girls high school in Chesterfield Derbyshire teaching 11- to 18-year-old girls between 1892 and its closure in 1991. The building now serves as an Area Education Office for Derbyshire County Council.
 Oshima National College of Maritime Technology (大島商船高等専門学校 Ōshima Shōsen Kōtō Senmon Gakkō) is one of five maritime college in Japan.This college can acquire the licensed mariner of deck or engineer.
 St Laurence's College (colloquially known as Lauries) is an independent Roman Catholic school for boys located in South Brisbane Queensland Australia. It was founded by the Christian Brothers in 1915. The school currently has an enrolment of over 1527 students from grades five to twelve.St Laurence's is currently associated with the Associated Independent Colleges and Combined Independent Colleges (CIC) sporting associations.
 The Antietam School District is a diminutive suburban public school districts that serves the Borough of Mount Penn and Lower Alsace Township in Berks County Pennsylvania. It encompasses approximately 5 square miles (13 km2). According to a federal census it served a resident population of 7494. In 2009 the district residents’ per capita income was $22716 while the median family income was $49511.
 Lorena High School is a 3A public high school located in Lorena Texas (USA). It is part of the Lorena Independent School District located in south central McLennan County. In 2011 the school was rated Academically Acceptable by the Texas Education Agency.
 The Yangon Institute of Economics (also the Institute of Economics Yangon; Burmese: ရန်ကုန် စီးပွားရေး တက္ကသိုလ် [jàɴɡòʊɴ síbwájé tɛʔkəθò]) is the premier university of economics and business in Myanmar. Founded as the Department of Economics of Yangon University in 1924 the institute became an independent university of higher learning in 1964. The institute offers undergraduate and graduate degrees and diplomas mostly in commerce statistics and economics.
 The Long Trail School is an independent college-preparatory coeducational day school serving students 6-12 located in Dorset Vermont United States. Long Trail School was established on the founding principles that every student is unique small group instruction responds to individual needs high academic standards motivate students and financial need should not deter qualified students from applying.
 The Gaiety School of Acting is an Irish drama school. It is located on Essex Street West in Temple Bar Dublin 8.The school was founded in 1986 by actor and director Joe Dowling who currently serves as the chairman of the school in response to the lack of full-time actor training in Ireland at the time[citation needed].In addition to the two year full-time course the GSA also runs many part-time and youth courses in locations all around Ireland.
 The Faculty of Economics (Croatian: Ekonomski fakultet) is a faculty of the University of Osijek.
 The MIT School of Science is one of the five schools of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology located in Cambridge Massachusetts USA. The school is composed of 6 academic departments and grants S.B. S.M. and Ph.D. or Sc.D degrees. The current Dean of Science is Professor Marc A. Kastner. With approximately 300 faculty members 1200 graduate students 1000 undergraduate majors the school is the second largest at MIT. 16 faculty members and 16 alumni of the school have won Nobel Prizes.
 The Center for Diplomatic and Strategic Studies (French: Centre d'Etudes Diplomatiques et Stratégiques CEDS) is an accredited postgraduate school and a think tank in diplomacy and international relations headquartered in Paris. CEDS is the graduate and doctoral school of the Écoles des hautes études internationales et politiques (HEI-HEP) founded in 1899 by Émile Durkheim Charles Seignobos and Romain Rolland.
 Westfields Sports High School (abbreviated as WSHS) is a dedicated Sports High school in Western Sydney suburb of Fairfield West. Unlike most other public high schools in NSW the school has a selective approach to enrolment with students needing to either live within the relatively small catchment area of the school or demonstrate their ability in respect to some field of sport.
 Griffith College Cork is an independent education institution based in the former Skerry's College Cork which it merged with Griffith College in 2005 where it runs courses in Business Law Secretarial Media & Journalism Design as well as evening courses in Psychology Office Skills Computing and development and training Courses. Most of the undergraduate degree courses are validate by HETAC and a number of them require application via the Irish CAO system.
 Bowie High School is a high school in Bowie Arizona. It along with an elementary school and middle school comprises the Bowie Unified School District. Its enrollment of 17 students makes it the smallest high school currently in the Arizona Interscholastic Association.
 Musashino Art University (武蔵野美術大学 Musashino Bijutsu Daigaku MAU) is a university in Kodaira western Tokyo founded in 1962 and having roots going back to 1929. Teikoku Art School (帝国美術学校 Teikoku Bijutsu Gakkō; meaning imperial art school) was founded in 1929; in 1948 it became Musashino Art School (武蔵野美術学校 Musashino Bijutsu Gakkō) and in 1962 it became Musashino Art University.
 Hillview Middle School is a public middle school in Menlo Park California part of the Menlo Park City School District. It has been named a California Distinguished School eight times—more than any other school in the state. Hillview has also been recognized as a national Blue Ribbon School by the United States Department of Education.The school is located at the corner of Santa Cruz Avenue and Elder Avenue in Menlo Park.
 St. Genevieve School is a Roman Catholic elementary school in Elizabeth New Jersey. Established in 1926 the school serves students from preschool through 8th grade. Saint Genevieve School is a co-ed school which has roughly about 300 to 400 students. The school has a variety of cultures including Hispanics Whites Blacks and Asians
 Trinity Christian School is a K-12 independent Christian school centrally located in Fairfax County serving all of Northern Virginia.
 This Seventh-Day Adventist High School is located on Sebastian Road in Secunderabad the twin city of Hyderabad in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.This school was established in 1954. The school is run by the Seventh-day Adventist Church. It is a co-educational school from Kindergarten to 10th grade following the Andhra Pradesh state's Secondary School Certificate (SSC) curriculum.
 Richard Rose Morton Academy (formerly Morton School) is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in the Morton area of Carlisle Cumbria England.The school converted to academy status on 1 September 2008 and is in a federation with Richard Rose Central Academy.
 Rochester High School is located off Exit 88 in Thurston County in Washington State. The main building is around 66000 square feet (6100 m2). the participates in Football Volleyball Baseball Track (boys & girls) Cross Country (boys & girls) Swimming (girls) Basketball (boys & girls) Wrestling Fastpitch Softball Cheerleading (boys & girls eligible) Soccer (boys & girls) and Golf (boys & girls).
 Prathyusha Institute of Technology and Management popularly known as PITAM is an Engineering Institution located in Aranvoyal Kuppam Poonamallee Tiruvallur Tamil Nadu India. The college is certified ISO 9001: 2008 by BSI  Accredited by NBA  and affiliated to Anna University.
 St. Mary's College is a school in Hambantota. Which is located in the coastal area of Sri Lanka. The College was initially started as an English medium school in the Hambantota Church Sri Lanka on 23 January 1905. It presently consists of a well over 2000 students population catering to the needs of children studying from primary level to secondary level education by a well experienced and qualified teachers numbering nearly 70 at present. St.
 El Capitan High School (commonly known as El Cap) is a public high school in Lakeside California United States a census-designated place in San Diego and serves students in grades nine through twelve. Opened in 1959 El Capitan is the fifth of twelve high schools to be constructed in the Grossmont Union High School District.
 Full Sail University is a for-profit university in Winter Park Florida. The school was founded in 1979 in Dayton Ohio as Full Sail Recording Workshop. Full Sail relocated to Florida in 1980 adding video production and film production courses and with the move in 1989 to its current campus expanded its curriculum to include other entertainment and media-related areas of study. Full Sail began offering online degrees in 2007.
 Clarion University of Pennsylvania is a public university located in Clarion Pennsylvania. It is one of fourteen universities who are part of the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education (PASSHE). The school was founded in 1867 and offers associate bachelor's and master's degrees and post master's certificates.
 Gandaki Boarding School (also known as GBS) (गण्डकी आवासीय उच्च माध्यामिक विद्यालय) formerly known as Nepal Adarsha Vidyashram is a model school of Nepal. It is located in the city of Pokhara 200 kilometers west of Kathmandu and is the first and the only regional school of the country.
 Central Cabarrus High School commonly referred to locally as Central or CCHS is a comprehensive public high school located in Concord North Carolina. With an enrollment of approximately 1167 students it is the third largest high school in the Cabarrus County Schools system. It opened in 1966.
 The Rawls College of Business (formally Jerry S. Rawls College of Business Administration or simply Rawls Business is the business school of Texas Tech University in Lubbock Texas. Rawls Business offers curriculum for both undergraduate and graduate students (including doctoral) and received its initial business accreditation in 1958 from the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business.
 Sheikh Bahaei University (Persian: دانشگاه شیخ بهایی‎) or SHBU also known as Sheikh Bahaei University and SHBUwas established by virtue of the 1994 Law of non–governmental and non-profitable universities and institutions through the efforts of ten professors from the University of Isfahan.
 Buena Regional High School is a comprehensive regional public high school founded in 1971 to serve students in grades 9 - 12 from five communities in Atlantic County New Jersey United States operating as part of the Buena Regional School District. Municipalities served by the district are Buena Borough and Buena Vista Township.
 This article is about Maryville University in St. Louis Missouri. For Maryville College in Maryville Tennessee see Maryville College.Maryville University of St. Louis is a private coeducational university located in the city of Town and Country Missouri United States. It was founded in 1872 by the Religious of the Sacred Heart a Roman Catholic order established in France by women dedicated to education.
 St. John Vianney High School (a.k.a. Vianney High School or simply Vianney) is a private all male Catholic college preparatory high school located in Kirkwood Missouri. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Louis. The school was founded by the Society of Mary (Marianists) a religious order of priests and brothers who continue to run the school. The Marianists also run a number of other St. Louis area high schools including Chaminade College Preparatory Schooland St.
 The Penn Manor School District is a large rural public school district located in southern in Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The Penn Manor School District encompasses approximately 110 square miles. According to 2000 federal census data it serves a resident population of 37942. In 2009 the district residents' per capita income was $20529median family income was $55708.
 The Bourne Academy formerly known as Kings High School is a mixed secondary school in Bournemouth Dorset in England. The school has a specialist status as an Arts College.
 Grand River Academy formerly known as the Ashtabula County Institute of Science and Industry and then the Grand River Institute is a private nonsectarian boarding high school for boys located in Austinburg Ohio. It serves approximately 120 students in grades nine through twelve. The Academy's mission is aimed at helping boys and young men realize their full potential and find success.
 App Academy is a twelve-week intensive programming school holding classes in the SOMA district of San Francisco and near Cooper Square in Manhattan. Its “job-guaranteed” financing model allows students to pay their tuition on the condition on finding employment after graduation. This model received media attention and was described by Wired as “flipping the script on student loans”.
 Shoreline Community College is a community college in Shoreline Washington United States north of Seattle. It is located in a residential area east of Shoreview Park. The college contains 83 acres (340000 m²) and continuously serves 12000 full and part-time students.Shoreline Community College has been operating for nearly 50 years offering a wide variety of degree and certificate programs.
 Saint Michael's School of Padada (SMSP) is a private Filipino Catholic school in Padada Davao del Sur. It is directed by the Presentation of Mary Sisters and guided by foundress Anne Marie Rivier.
 Toll Gate High School is a public high school in Warwick Rhode Island on Centerville Road. It serves education to grades 9-12 and has approximately 1100 students and 97 teachers. The current timeblock for a school day is 7:24am–1:51pm.
 Silver Hills Higher Secondary School Kozhikode is a Christian minority institution under the management of CMI Fathers of St. Thomas Province Kozhikode who run several educational institutions at all levels in India. The CMI society was founded by Blessed Kuriakose Elias Chavara. Today the 33 year old school offers 10+2 year pattern of education under both the Kerala state syllubus and also the C.B.S.E.
 St. John Neumann High School (often abbreviated to SJN) is a co-educational private Roman Catholic high school in Naples Florida. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Venice in Florida. The school is named after Saint John Neumann the fourth bishop of Philadelphia and considered to be a pioneer in Catholic Education and guided by the educational ethos of Blessed Edmund Rice and the Christian Brothers.
 Located at 300 La Fonda Avenue Harbor High School is a high school located in Santa Cruz California and has a student body of roughly 1200 students. The mascot is Petey the Pirate sporting the school colors of green and gold.
 Ryedale School opened in 1953 is a comprehensive secondary school located in Nawton North Yorkshire England.The school provides for pupils aged 11 to 16 and in September 2010 had an enrolment of 555. Its catchment area includes Helmsley and Kirkbymoorside to Hovingham.The school regularly achieves higher than average GCSE results. As of 2012 the head teacher is Richard Crane and Chair of Governors Sue Balf.
 Bergvliet High School is a public high school in the suburb of Bergvliet in Cape Town Western Cape South Africa.
 Warwick School is an independent school with boarding facilities for boys in Warwick England. It is believed to be the oldest surviving boys' public school in the world and the fourth-oldest surviving school in the country after King's School Canterbury King's School Rochester and St Peter's School York. It was active in the reign of King Edward the Confessor (reigned 1042–1066) and probably for a century before that.
 Shri Vithal Education & Research Institute (SVERI) Pandharpur is a charitable educational trust established in the year 1998 with approval from All India the Engineering College accredited by National Board of Accreditation (NBA). An ISO 9001:2008 certified Institute and is accredited by The Institution of Engineers (India) Kolkatta in the city of Pandharpur on the bank of river Chandrabhage. Pandharpur is also known as south Kashi of India and spiritual capital of Maharastra.
 Nanjing International School is an inclusive learning community inspiring international mindedness personal excellence and creative thinking. It is a non-profit International school serving the expatriate community of Nanjing enrolling children age 3 to 18 PreK to Grade 12.
 The University of Cundinamarca (Spanish: Universidad de Cundinamarca) is a public departmental coeducational university based primarily in the city of Fusagasugá Cundinamarca Colombia. The university also has several satellite campuses across the department in the cities of Chía Chocontá Facatativá Girardot Soacha Ubaté and Zipaquirá.
 Centre for Urdu Language Literature & Culture is a Urdu language institute located at Maulana Azad National Urdu University Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh.
 Leeds Trinity University is a university in the town of Horsforth West Yorkshire England which offers foundation and undergraduate degrees as well as postgraduate qualifications.
 Beaconsfield High School (commonly referred to as Beaconsfield High or BHS) is a secondary school located in the Montreal area suburb of Beaconsfield Quebec Canada. Beaconsfield High is part of The Lester B. Pearson School Board.
 Notre Dame High School is a Catholic high school in Ottawa's west operated by the Ottawa-Carleton Catholic School Board. The school is one of the first in the area to use a uniform and one of the first in the board to ban the use of cell phones and MP3 players on the campus although the ban has been lifted in recent years.The school is mainly two storeys throughout except for the northeast corner where it features a basement in which the classrooms are almost exclusively for mathematics.
 Egypt-Japan University of Science and Technology(E-JUST) is a research university set up in collaboration between the Japanese and Egyptian governments in 2010. It is located in Alexandria Egypt.
 The Cégep André-Laurendeau is a CEGEP pre-university and technical college located at 1111 Lapierre Street in Montreal (LaSalle) Quebec Canada.
 Shri Vasantrao Naik Government Medical College (SVNGMC) (Marathi: श्री वसंतराव नाईक शासकीय वैद्यकीय महाविद्यालय) is a college in the Yavatmal city in the Vidarbha region of the Maharashtra India; that provides medical education at undergraduate and postgraduate levels. SVNGMC is named after the former Chief Minister of Maharashtra late Shri Vasantrao Naik.Established in 1989 recognized by Medical Council of India SVNGMC is run by the State Government of Maharashtra India.
 George P. Butler Comprehensive High School is a public high school located in the South Augusta area of Augusta Georgia United States.George Phineas Butler - Born January 30 1875.Graduated from ARC 1891.College- University of Georgia.
 Summit Public Schools is a charter school operator. It operates Summit Preparatory Charter High School in Redwood City; Everest Public High School in Redwood City; Summit Public School: Rainier in San Jose; and Summit Public School: Tahoma in San Jose.
 Londonderry High School is a public secondary school serving grades 9 through 12 in the town of Londonderry New Hampshire. The school located on Mammoth Road (New Hampshire Route 128) is on a 135-acre (0.55 km2) parcel of land in the center of town. The main building is 232250 sq ft (21577 m2). and the separate gymnasium takes up an additional 52000 sq ft (4800 m2). The current capacity is 2100 students; 1827 are enrolled.
 Sagar Mahavidyalaya established in 1998 is an undergraduate college in Sagar West Bengal India. It is affiliated with the University of Calcutta.
 The Master of Education (M.Ed. MEd Ed.M. M.A.Ed. M.S.Ed. M.S.E. or M.Ed.L) is a postgraduate academic degree awarded by universities in a large number of countries. This degree in education often includes the following majors: curriculum and instruction counseling school psychology and administration. It is often conferred for educators advancing in their field.
 St. Kieran's College Kilkenny Ireland is a Secondary school for boys. It is located on College Road in Kilkenny in County Kilkenny Ireland.
 The Southwest Virginia Governor's School for Science Mathematics and Technology is one of Virginia's 18 state-initiated magnet Governor's Schools.
 The Bristol Borough School District is a diminutive suburban public school district located in southern Bucks County Pennsylvania. The District serves the Borough of Bristol. It encompasses just 1.7 square miles (4.4 km2) with a population of 12000 people at the 1990 Federal Census. According to 2000 federal census data it served a resident population of 9923 people. By 2010 the District's population declined further to 9729 people.
 Hayward Middle School (HMS) serves students in and around Hayward Wisconsin. The mission of HMS (and of the Hayward Community School District at large) is to empower all students and staff to reach their highest potential by providing a safe healhty interactive learning environment which emphasizes the importance of academic excellence global awareness social responsibility cooperation cultural diversity creativity and curiosity.
 Filey School is a secondary school in Filey North Yorkshire England. The school has 630 students of mixed gender and is headed by Susan Morgan. Andy Dickinson was the headteacher until October 2012 when he left his position at the school unexpectedly citing personal reasons. Filey School is the only secondary school in Filey and it also covers surrounding villages with a significant intake from Hunmanby.
 Ousedale School based in Newport Pagnell Buckinghamshire England was opened in 1963 to serve the community of Newport Pagnell and its surrounding villages. A second campus in Olney opened in 2007 to serve students from the north of the Borough of Milton Keynes.
 Merced City School District (MCSD) is a school district in California United States. Its headquarters are in Merced.
 The Art Institute of Michigan – is one of The Art Institutes a system of more than 40 educational institutions located throughout North America providing education in design media arts fashion and culinary arts. The Art Institutes system is a subsidiary of Education Management Corporation which is headquartered in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.Opened in 2007 The Art Institute of Michigan is a branch of The Illinois Institute of Art — Chicago.
 Namasagali College is a mixed boarding middle and high school located in Kamuli District in Eastern Uganda.
 Bangalore University is a public state university located in Bangalore Karnataka India. The university is one of the oldest in India dating back to 1886. The university is a part of The Association of Indian Universities (AIU) and affiliated by University Grants Commission (UGC).
 The North Iowa Area Community College (commonly known as NIACC) is a community college in Mason City Iowa.
 Westminster College is a private residential undergraduate college with a curriculum based on the liberal arts. Located in Fulton Missouri the College was established in 1851 as Fulton College. The National Churchill Museum (formerly known as the Winston Churchill Memorial and Library) is a national historic site located on campus and includes the Church of St Mary Aldermanbury.
 The American University of Iraq Sulaimani also known as AUIS is a private non-profit university that offers a liberal arts education based on the American model. First established in October 2007 it is located in the city of Sulaimani in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq.The institution is licensed by the Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research of the Kurdistan Regional Government of the Republic of Iraq.
 State Establishment Lugansk State Medical University SE LSMU. Established on 6 May 1956 and Currently the university is a powerful educational - scientific and medical complex that includes medical and biological boarding schools gymnasium classrooms in remote areas of the region and six faculties. The University enrolled nearly 3000 students including foreigners from more than 60 countries. The School has 40 departments among them - 22 clinical and 18 theoretical.
 The Lycée du Parc is a public secondary school located in the sixth arrondissement of Lyon France. Its name comes from the Parc de la Tête d'Or one of Europe's largest urban parks which is situated nearby.It provides a lycée-level education and also offers classes préparatoires or prépas preparing students for entrance to the elite Grandes Écoles.
 The University of Karbala is a university located in the city of Karbala Iraq. The university was founded in 2002.
 The Cyprus University of Technology (CUT) (Greek: Τεχνολογικό Πανεπιστήμιο Κύπρου or ΤΕ.ΠΑ.Κ. Turkish: Kıbrıs Teknoloji Üniversitesi) is a university established in 2004. Its first intake of students was for the academic year 2007–08.
 Itasca High School is a 1A high school located in Itasca Texas (USA). It is part of the Itasca Independent School District located in north central Hill County. In 2013 the school was rated Academically Acceptable by the Texas Education Agency.>
 Dubai Scholars Private School (DSPS) is a British School located in Al Quasis Dubai UAE. It is a private profit-making school. It has presently 1200 students enrolled. Founded in 1976 Dubai Scholars is not only one of the oldest educational institutions in the UAE but also one of its most prestigious.
 Newell Barney Junior High located in Queen Creek Arizona United States. This middle school opened in 2008.The girls 7th grade volleyball 2012–13 was in the championship game for the EVC against San Tan Junior High. The athletic department and students participate in Pursuing Victory With Honor.
 Fred T. Foard High School is a public coeducational high school located in the community of Propst Crossroads ten miles (16 km) west of Newton North Carolina United States. The school is part of the Catawba County Schools system. Foard has been designated a school of distinction by the state of North Carolina for academic progress. The school opened in 1953 and is named after Dr. Fred T. Foard a medical doctor in the area.
 The UCL Institute of Jewish Studies is an institute located in London United Kingdom dedicated to the academic study of all branches of Jewish history and civilization.
 The Year 5-6 section of Raffles Institution (RI) offers the Raffles Programme at pre-university level. RI the oldest centre of learning in Singapore is an independent public school founded in 1823 by Sir Stamford Raffles. Its current campus is in Bishan.Formerly Raffles Junior College (RJC) it merged with Raffles Institution on 1 January 2009 with whom it had shared a common Board of Governors since June 2008.
 The South Texas Archives and Special Collections a division of the James C. Jernigan Library of Texas A&M University–Kingsville was established to preserve and to make available to the public documentary materials about the history and natural history of South Texas. The Archives are housed in Baugh Hall with the entrance facing Richard Street. Offices are located on the second floor.
 Sidney High School is a public high school in Sidney Ohio which is located 40 miles north of Dayton Ohio on Interstate 75. It is the only public high school in the Sidney City Schools district.
 Netherhall Learning Campus is a federation of 4 schools which share the same campus in Rawthorpe Huddersfield England. The federation was formed in 2008 and includes Netherhall St. James Infant & Nursery School (formerly Rawthorpe St James CE Infant and Nursery School) Netherhall Junior School (formerly Rawthorpe Junior School) Netherhall High School (formerly Rawthorpe High School) and the Creative & Media Studio School.
 Elizabeth College is a co-educational senior secondary college located in Hobart Tasmania. The college has an annual enrolment of approximately 1000 students in Years 11 and 12. The school is administered by the Tasmanian Department of Education.
 Catawba College is a private coeducational liberal arts college in Salisbury North Carolina USA. Founded in 1851 by the North Carolina Classis of the Reformed Church in Newton the college adopted its name from its county of origin Catawba County before moving to its current home of Salisbury in 1925.
 International Centre of Technology (ICT) is a college located in the outskirts of Thika in the Central Province of Kenya. The college was established in January 2007 and was registered by Kenyan Ministry of Higher Education Science and Technology in 2011.Registration No. MOHEST/PC/1405/011The college is accessible from Thika Nairobi and Matuu about 8 km from Thika along Thika/Garissa highway in an area commonly known as Landless.
 Malmö University or Malmö University College (Swedish: Malmö högskola) is a Swedish university college that was founded in 1998 and is located in Malmö Sweden. With more than 24000 students and about 1600 employees (academic and administrative) Malmö University is the ninth largest institute of learning in Sweden. It has exchange agreements with more than 240 partner universities around the world and roughly a third of the students have an international background.
 DePauw University in Greencastle Indiana US is a private national liberal arts college and School of Music with an enrollment of approximately 2400 students. The school has a Methodist heritage and was originally known as Indiana Asbury University. DePauw is a member of both the Great Lakes Colleges Association and the North Coast Athletic Conference. The Society of Professional Journalists was founded at DePauw.
 Northwest Indian College operated by the Lummi tribe of Native Americans as a tribally controlled institution of higher education is located in Bellingham Washington. Its President is Cheryl Crazy Bull a member of the Sicangu Lakota from the Rosebud Reservation in South Dakota. Although the NWIC campus is located within the Lummi Nation in Washington State the College is the only accredited Tribal College or University serving reservation communities of Washington Oregon and Idaho.
 Mahakal Institute of Technology (commonly known as MIT Ujjain) is an institution of the Mahakal Group of Institutes near the village of Karchha about 20 km from Ujjain India. It was founded in 2001 and offers courses in a variety of engineering disciplines including: Civil Engineering Electrical Engineering Electronic Engineering Mechanical Engineering and Computer Engineering. Engineering Degrees are affiliated with Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya (RGPV) in Bhopal.
 Monmouth Comprehensive School (Welsh: Ysgol Gyfun Trefynwy) is a comprehensive secondary school for pupils aged 11–18 situated in Monmouth Monmouthshire South Wales.
 Ben Franklin Academy (BFA) is a private senior high school in unincorporated DeKalb County Georgia that follows a mastery curriculum serving students in grades 9-12. The school is located at 1585 Clifton Road NE Atlanta GA 30329.
 Providence Christian School offers classes in K4 through 12th grades. It uses a Classical education curriculum and is located in the town of Oxford Newton County Georgia USA.Situated on 65 acres the school is surrounded by beautiful woods a lake and scenic pasture land. In 2010 Providence had some 90 students and 12 teachers which is a student/teacher ratio of 7.5 (Georgia state average 15.9).
 Wilkinson Middle School is a school in Mesquite Texas USA. It has a teams for tennis American football volleyball track and boys' and girls' basketball. It has a choir an orchestra (beginning intermediate and advanced) and a band (instrumental ensemble concert and symphonic). The school also has clubs such as spirit club step team and paw print staff. Valerie Nelson is the principal. The assistant principals are Mrs. Feinglas and Mr. Marshall.
 Chisholm High School (founded in 1973) is the second largest high school in Enid Oklahoma and is located in the northern part of the city. The school has a student body of approximately 300 students in grades 9-12 with a curriculum that includes normal and AP academic courses. Shane Reed and Bailey Cross are notable people from Chisholm.
 Avicenna Research Institute (ARI) (Persian: پژوهشگاه ابن سینا‎) ) – affiliated to ACECR – was established in Tehran in order to achieve latest medical technologies through conducting clinical and laboratory research projects in 1998. The institute consists of three research centers including Reproductive Biotechnology Research Center (RBRC) Monoclonal Antibody Research Center (MARC) and Nanobiotechnology Research Center (NBRC).
 Ansan College of Technology (also called Ansan Technical College) is a private technical college in Ansan City which lies south of Seoul in Gyeonggi province. It offers degree programs in social science (including English) tourism physical education industrial design engineering and computers. All programs place a strong emphasis on vocational outcomes.
 The Adeyemi College of Education is a higher education institution located in Ondo City Ondo State Nigeria. It is a college of Obafemi Awolowo University.
 Edon High School is a public high school in Edon Ohio. It is the only high school in the Edon Northwest Local Schools district. Their nickname is the Bombers which was chosen after being suggested in a naming contest by Charles Brigle (class of 1938) while a freshman at EHS. They are primarily members of the Buckeye Border Conference but compete in the Toledo Area Athletic Conference for football.
 Ubon Ratchathani University (UBU) (Thai มหาวิทยาลัยอุบลราชธานี) was established as a campus of Khon Kaen University Thailand in 1987. It gained independent university status in 1990.
 The Harris Girls' Academy East Dulwich (formerly Waverley School) is a secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in the East Dulwich area of the London Borough of Southwark England. The school converted to academy status in September 2006 and is part of the not for profit Harris Federation of South London Schools sponsored by Lord Harris of Peckham.
 Sandusky High School or SHS is a secondary school in Sandusky Ohio United States. It is the only high school in the Sandusky City School District and one of two high schools in the city of Sandusky; the other high school is St Mary Central Catholic High School.SHS was one of the first high schools established in the state of Ohio with the first building commissioned in 1845. The first class - just four students - graduated in 1855.
 Sarawittaya School is a secondary school in Bangkok established in 1944.
 Gaynes School (also known as just Gaynes) is situated on Brackendale Gardens Upminster in the London Borough of Havering London England. Opened in 1936 the school celebrated its 75th anniversary in 2011.
 Beaver Brae (BBSS) (2006 population 900) is a secondary school situated in Kenora Ontario Canada.Beaver Brae Secondary School is home to grades seven through twelve and has 65 staff members. The school offers trades college and university level programs.Beaver Brae Secondary School provides a course calendar that features nearly two hundred courses.
 Radin Mas Primary School is a primary school in Singapore located in Bukit Purmei. The school is operated by the Ministry of Education. The school is founded in 1926 and celebrated its 80th anniversary in 2006. 2 pupils from this school entered the GEP in 2010.
 Messmer High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee.Messmer High School was established in 1926 as Diocesan High School. The school was renamed after Archbishop Sebastian Messmer in 1928.
 Salford Business School is located 3 km west of Manchester city centre in the Maxwell Building on the Peel Park Campus of the University of Salford. As a business school it offers business management courses business services and business focused research.
 Avon View High School (AVHS) is a secondary school located in Windsor Hants County Nova Scotia Canada. It serves students from grades 10 to 12. The school currently provides education services for approximately 900 students in the Windsor Nova Scotia area. The school currently employs 70-80 teachers administration and janitorial staff and is operated as one of the 43 schools in the Annapolis Valley Regional School Board.
 The Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth is the graduate business school of Dartmouth College in Hanover New Hampshire in the United States. Tuck is one of six Ivy league business schools and is considered to be one of the best business schools in the world.
 The C.T. Bauer College of Business is the business school of the University of Houston and is fully accredited by the AACSB International. It offers B.B.A. M.B.A. MS Accountancy MS Finance and the Houston metropolitan area's only Ph.D. program in business administration.
 Marquette High School located in Chesterfield Missouri is a secondary school in the Rockwood School District.
 The Royal College of Chemistry (RCC) was a college originally based on Oxford Street in central London England. It operated between 1845 and 1872.The College was set up to teach practical chemistry. Many politicians donated funds to establish the college including Benjamin Disraeli William Gladstone and Robert Peel. It was also supported by Prince Albert.The first director was August Wilhelm von Hofmann. Frederick Augustus Abel studied under von Hofmann.
 Darton College is a secondary school in Darton in the Metropolitan Borough of Barnsley South Yorkshire England. It is a specialist Humanities College. The school provides education for more than 1100 pupils in Years 7 to 11.
 The Federal Minister for Economics and Labour is the member of the German cabinet in charge of the Federal Ministry for Economics and Labour.
 KB (Kailash Bahl) DAV Senior Secondary Public School is a co-educational secondary school in Chandigarh (Sector 7) India. It is a private school affiliated to India's Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) and a member school of the DAV Society India's largest non-governmental educational body. In grades 11 and 12 the school offers courses in Science (both medical and Non-medical) and Commerce.
 Kenyon-Wanamingo High School is a high school in Kenyon Minnesota United States.
 Newport High School is a public high school located in Newport Pennsylvania. It is part of the Newport School District. It is a very small community school. Its construction was finished in 2008. The third floor of the school building houses the District's middle school.
 Bradley University is a private mid-sized university in Peoria Illinois. Founded in 1897 Bradley University currently enrolls 5700 students.
 The Universidade de Mogi das Cruzes (University of Mogi das Cruzes) is a university located in the municipality of Mogi das Cruzes in the state of São Paulo Brazil.The school was founded in 1962 and became a university in 1973. At present the university has approximately 20000 students at its two campuses the original in Mogi das Cruzes and the second in the Lapa district of the city of São Paulo.
 Cégep Beauce-Appalaches is a CEGEP in Saint-Georges Quebec Canada.
 Stratford University is a higher educational U.S. university founded in 1976. Stratford specializes in adult education and offers placement assistance for students and graduates. It delivers online classroom and blended online/classroom programs.Stratford University is a privately held Virginia corporation headquartered in Oakton Virginia.
 The Colleges@ASU are small low-cost teaching-focused extension locations of Arizona State University. The first College@ASU will open in Lake Havasu City Arizona for the fall 2012 semester and will offer a selection of popular undergraduate majors. A second location is being explored in Payson Arizona.
 Our Lady of the Sacred Heart College is a Catholic secondary College for girls founded in 1897 by the Daughters of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart members of a religious congregation founded by Father Jules Chevalier in France in 1874 and located in the Sydney suburb of Kensington.
 Pioneer High School (known as Pioneer High or PHS or Pioneer) is a high school located in Woodland California USA. It is one of two high schools in the Woodland Joint Unified School District providing school for grades nine through twelve. In the 2007-2008 school year it a population of approximately 1600-1800 students enrolled. It is the newest high school in Woodland opened in 2003. The school mascot is a patriot (a revolutionary minuteman).
 Doğuş University (or simply Doğuş) is a private university located Acıbadem Kadıköy İstanbul. It stands on the lower side of Acıbadem Hill.
 The Banovallum School is a co-educational secondary modern school in Horncastle Lincolnshire England within Lincolnshire LEA.
 Golden Link College is an institution established by the Theosophical Society in the Philippines and the Theosophical Order of Service Foundation Philippines. It is located in the northern part of Caloocan City Philippines. As of 2009 it offers courses from preschool elementary secondary up to collegiate levels.
 High Street School (Dunedin) is a primary school bounded by High Alva Montpellier Streets and Queens Drive in the central suburb of Mornington in the southern city of Dunedin New Zealand. It is one of approximately 45 primary schools in Dunedin.
 Cabalum Western College is a non-sectarian stock institution of higher learning in Iloilo City Iloilo Philippines established by Dr. Jose Cabalum Sr.
 Carmen A. Puliafito is the current dean of the Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern California in Los Angeles California and holder of the May S. and John Hooval Dean's Chair in Medicine.Puliafito is recognized worldwide as an innovator in the diagnosis and treatment of retinal disease and accomplished leader in academic medicine. He was recently appointed to a second term as dean of the Keck School of Medicine a position he has held since 2007.
 The Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs is a professional public policy school at Princeton University. The school grants undergraduate AB degrees graduate Master of Public Affairs (MPA) Master of Public Policy (MPP) and Ph.D. degrees. Cecilia Rouse is Dean of the Woodrow Wilson School.
 Kennesaw State University is a university in Kennesaw Georgia. It is funded by the state of Georgia.
 41°13′26″N 73°14′47″WNotre Dame Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Fairfield Connecticut. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bridgeport.Notre Dame Catholic High School was founded in 1955 by the Most Reverend Lawrence Shehan who declared it was his belief that The future of our country depends on who we are. To provide them with sound religious and moral training is a major concern of all of us.
 Plymouth South High School also known as Plymouth South PSHS or informally P-South is a public high school located in Plymouth Massachusetts. Its students are residents of the town of Plymouth. Plymouth South is one of two high schools in Plymouth the other being Plymouth North High School.
 Saint Mary High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Westfield Massachusetts. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
 Amman Arab University is a university in Amman Jordan. It is mainly for graduate studies.
 The Higher Education School of Chemical Engineering and Extractive Industries (in Spanish: Escuela Superior de Ingeniería Química e Industrias Extractivas or ESIQIE) was founded as part of the National Polytechnic Institute in 1948.
 The Clyde–Savannah Central School District is a public school district in New York State USA that serves approximately 1100 students in the villages of Clyde and Savannah in Wayne County.The average class size is 17 students(all grades).Dr. Theresa Pulos is the Superintendent of Schools.
 Emery Unified School District is a small public school district in Emeryville California. The district currently operates two schools Anna Yates Elementary school and Emery Secondary School both of these schools are scheduled to close in 2015 and be replaced by state-of-the-art facility called Emeryville Center for Community Life.The Oakland Raiders yearly visit a fourth grade class to encourage the student to work smarter not harder.
 The Russian Academy of Sciences (Russian: Росси́йская акаде́мия нау́к pronounced as Rossíiskaya akadémiya naúk shortened to RAS or in Cyrillic РАН pronounced as RAN) consists of the national academy of Russia; a network of scientific research institutes from across the Russian Federation; and additional scientific and social units such as libraries publishing units and hospitals.With headquarters in Moscow the Academy (RAS) is declared as a civil self-governed non-commercial organization chartered by the Government of Russia. 
 The Technical College of the Lowcountry (often abbreviated as TCL) is a comprehensive two-year community college serving the Lowcountry region of South Carolina.
 Wausau East High School is a comprehensive public secondary school in Wausau Wisconsin. Originally named Wausau High School it became Wausau East with the opening of Wausau West High School in the early 1970s. Part of the Wausau School District the school enrolled 1322 students in grades 9 through 12 as of 2007. The current principal is Dr. Bradley J. Peck.The school newspaper published since 1921 is The Skyrocket.
 The Stockbridge School of Agriculture offers Associate of Science Bachelor of Science and graduate degrees as an academic unit of the University of Massachusetts Amherst campus. It was founded as part of the Massachusetts Agricultural College (now University of Massachusetts Amherst) in 1918.
 Scottsdale Preparatory Academy is a charter school in Scottsdale Arizona owned by Great Hearts Academies. It serves grades 5 to 12. It moved to a different campus in the 2011-2012 school year also accommodating the fifth grade portion of GHA's Scottsdale Archway Academy. Students grade 6 through 8 take Latin while students grade 9 through 12 have the option of taking Spanish French or continue with Latin for 9th and 10th grade to eventually learn ancient Greek in 11th and 12th grade.
 California State University San Bernardino (also known as Cal State San Bernardino or CSUSB) is a public university and one of the 23 general campuses of the California State University system. The main campus sits on 441 acres (178 ha) in the suburban University District of San Bernardino California United States with a branch campus of 40 acres (16 ha) in Palm Desert California opened in 1986.
 Prince George Secondary School is a public high school in Prince George British Columbia Canada part of School District 57 Prince George. It has been at its present campus since 1968.
 Chapman University is a private non-profit university located in Orange California affiliated with the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ). Chapman University encompasses seven schools and colleges: Lawrence and Kristina Dodge College of Film and Media Arts Wilkinson College of Humanities and Social Sciences George L. Argyros School of Business and Economics Schmid College of Science & Technology College of Performing Arts Dale E.
 Grace Baptist School was a Baptist parochial school located in Portland Maine USA. Established 1976 Grace Baptist educated students in grades K-12. It closed in 2013 due to lack of funds.
 The Los Angeles Film School or LA Film School is a for-profit college geared toward the entertainment industry. It offers associate's degrees in Recording Engineering Computer Animation Game Production and Film.
 Hyles–Anderson College (HAC) is an unaccredited Independent Baptist college in unincorporated Crown Point Lake County Indiana. As a ministry of the First Baptist Church of Hammond it focuses on training pastors missionaries and Christian teachers to work in Independent Baptist schools.
 Kenwood Elementary School District is a public school district based in Sonoma County California United States.
 John and Randolph Foster High School is a secondary school located in unincorporated Fort Bend County Texas United States north of Rosenberg.The school is part of the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District. It opened in 2001 with the intent of relieving the student population at nearby B.F.
 St. John High School was a private Roman Catholic high school in Ennis Texas. It was located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Dallas.
 Bjerke Upper Secondary School (Norwegian: Bjerke videregående skole) is an upper secondary school based in Groruddalen in Oslo Norway. It offers general academics media and communications health care and elite sports. Starting in the 2009/10 academic year it also offers music dance and drama. In 2000 the school changed its name from Linderud Upper Secondary School to Bjerke.
 Carver Middle-High School is a public school located in Carver Massachusetts. This school was formerly two different schools Carver Middle School (6–8) and Carver High School (9–12) in one building with both schools sharing the library and auditorium. The school became under one principal in 2008–09 school year. This school became officially Carver Middle-High School the following school year. It is located at 60 South Meadow Rd.
 Central Electro Chemical Research Institute is one of a chain of forty national laboratories under the aegis of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) in New Delhi. Founded on 25 July 1948 at Karaikudi in Tamilnadu CECRI came into existence on the January 1953.
 Francis W. Parker School is an independent school serving students who live in the Chicago area from junior kindergarten through grade twelve of high school. Located in Chicago's Lincoln Park neighborhood the school is based on the progressive educational philosophies of John Dewey and Colonel Francis Wayland Parker emphasizing community and citizenship.
 Mindanao State University – Naawan is an autonomous external campus and distinct unit of Mindanao State University System based in Naawan Misamis Oriental.
 Kyoto Institute of Technology (京都工芸繊維大学 Kyōto Kōgei Sen'i Daigaku) in Kyoto Japan is a Japanese national university established in 1949.
 North Bridge House School is an independent school located in London for 2½ to 16-year-olds. The school has four different locations for different age groups. The first located in Hampstead on Fitzjohn's Avenue is for 2½ - 5 year olds. The second located near the first on Netherhall Gardens is for 5 - 7 year olds and the third is located in the former campus of The Royal School Hampstead and is for 13 - 16 year olds.
 The Napa Valley Unified School District is a school district located in Napa County California. It was the first school district to purchase a plug-in hybrid diesel school bus.
 Maidstone Grammar School for Girls also known as Maidstone Girls Grammar School (MGGS) is a selective grammar school in Maidstone UK. It operates under the 11 plus exam system in which students take an exam at the end of primary school in order to be accepted at this school. The school is primarily a single sex girls school however it also incorporates a sixth form college which is mixed.
 The Peoples College of Law (PCL) is an unaccredited private non-profit law schoollocated in the Westlake-MacArthur Park neighborhood of Los Angeles California. PCL offers a part-time four-year evening law program centered around work in the public interest.
 Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College (ABAC) is a State College of the University System of Georgia. Located in Tifton Georgia ABAC offers baccalaureate and associate degrees. The college is named after Abraham Baldwin a signer of the United States Constitution from Georgia and the first president of the University of Georgia.ABAC was established in 1908 as the Second District A&M School.
 The Burgate School (opened in 1957) is an 11-18 academy school. The school is situated in Fordingbridge Hampshire and at the current time has approximately 1025 students. The school achieves results above the national average at all levels. GCSE results in 2013 were significantly improved on previous years with 79% of students achieving 5A* - C including English and Mathematics.The school's motto is 'Learning for Life'.
 North Toronto Collegiate Institute (NTCI) is a non-semestered public high school institution for over 1200 students located in Toronto Ontario Canada. The School is operated and governed by the Toronto District School Board.The School is located in Midtown Toronto in the upper-middle class Yonge and Eglinton neighbourhood.
 Antelope Union High School District redirects here. You may have meant the Antelope Valley Union High School District in northern Los Angeles California.Antelope Union High School is a high school in Wellton Arizona. It is the only high school in the Antelope Union High School District.
 Gyeongin National University of Education (GINUE) (경인교육대학교) is a national institution which provides training for future public elementary school teachers in South Korea. It was founded on May 23 1946 under the name of Gaeseong School of Education in Gyeonggi-do(경기도립 개성사범학교). In 2003 the institution changed its name from Inchon National University of Education (INUE) (인천교육대학교) to Gyeongin National University of Education.
 Fishers High School (FHS) is the second high school in Hamilton Southeastern Schools in Fishers Indiana. The student count for the 2012-2013 year was 2531. Fishers High School has been approved by the International Baccalaureate Organization as an IB World School and began offering the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme in the fall of 2007. The Fishers High School mascot is a tiger.
 Salesian College was a Roman Catholic Voluntary Aided school for boys aged 11 to 16 (previously 11 to 18 until it had to jettison its Sixth Form). It was founded in 1895 in Battersea London by the religious order of the Salesians of Don Bosco who arrived in Battersea in 1887 as part of Don Bosco's dream to establish a Salesian presence in Great Britain and the British Empire with its missionary potential.
 Md. Jan Higher Secondary School (Arabic: محمد جان هغير سكندري سكول‎) was founded in 1933 in Kolkata India by Janab Khan Bahadur Al-Haj Sheikh Md.Jan. The school was started with the name Calcutta Muslim High School at Ram Lochan Mallick Street(Phal Mandi of Machua Bazar) Kolkata. After that it was shifted to its present address at 9B Bolai Dutta Street Kolkata -700073.
 The Technical University of Lisbon (UTL – Portuguese: Universidade Técnica de Lisboa pronounced: [univɨɾsiˈdad(ɨ) ˈtɛknikɐ dɨ liʒˈboɐ]) was a Portuguese public university.
 The De La Salle–Santiago Zobel School (DLSZ De La Salle–Zobel or Zobel; Filipino: De La Salle–Paaralang Santiago Zobel) is a Catholic institution for boys and girls located in Muntinlupa City Metro Manila the Philippines. It was opened in 1978 by the De La Salle Brothers in the Philippines because of the increasing number of students in the grade school department of the former De La Salle College (Now De La Salle University) in Manila.
 Holy Cross Catholic Secondary School is a Catholic Secondary School in Peterborough Ontario. The school is administered by the Peterborough Victoria Northumberland and Clarington Catholic District School Board. It was founded in 1998 and is located at 1355 Lansdowne Street West. As of 2006 it had 860 students and 85 staff.
 Cheney School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in Headington Oxford England. It serves the Headington and East Oxford area as a destination for students from primary schools across the city. The head-teacher Jolie Kirby was appointed in 2006 when Alan Lane retired after 25 years service.
 The Royal College of St. Peter in Westminster better known as Westminster School and standing in the precincts of Westminster Abbey in London is one of Britain's leading independent schools with the highest Oxford and Cambridge acceptance rates of any secondary school or college in Britain. With a history going back to the 11th century the school's notable alumni include Ben Jonson John Dryden Robert Hooke Christopher Wren John Locke Jeremy Bentham Edward Gibbon Henry Mayhew A. A.
 The University of Technology of Troyes (Université de Technologie de Troyes; UTT) is a French university in the Academy of Reims. The UTT is part of the network of the three universities of technology found by the University of Technology of Compiègne. Inspired by the American University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia these three universities (UTC UTBM and UTT) are a French mixture between the universities of this country and its schools of engineers (Grandes Ecoles).
 Eldorado High School is a public high school in Clark County Nevada United States. The school is a part of the Clark County School District located in Sunrise Manor an unincorporated area on the northeast part of the Las Vegas Valley south of Nellis Air Force Base. Its team mascot is the Sundevils and its school colors are Maroon and Gold.
 Desh Bhagat Institute of Engineering and Management (DBIEM) is an institution of higher education near Moga Punjab northern India and about 70km from Ludhiana. The institute provides courses leading to a number of engineering and management qualifications and is affiliated with the All India Council for Technical Education and the Punjab Technical University.
 The Kennesaw State University College of the Arts is located in Kennesaw Georgia.
 The Nevsky Institute of Language and Culture is an educational institution in St. Petersburg Russia. It is located in the Petrogradskaya District within short walking distance from Krestovsky Island.
 Kasson-Mantorville High School (KMHS) is a high school located in Kasson Minnesota that serves students from both Kasson and neighboring Mantorville. It is the only high school in Minnesota School District #204 and it is the home of the Kasson-Mantorville KoMets whose school colors are royal blue and white.
 The Faculty of Medicine at Dalhousie University also known as Dalhousie Medical School is a Canadian medical school and faculty of Dalhousie University in Halifax Nova Scotia Canada.The Faculty of Medicine has operated continuously since 1868 and is one of the oldest medical schools in Canada after Laval McGill and Queen's.The Faculty of Medicine currently teaches the MD degree at two campuses: Sir Charles Tupper Medical Building Carleton Campus (Halifax NS) Saint John Regional Hospital (Saint John NB)Dalhousie's postgraduate medical faculty offers 53 residency programs at teaching hospitals located across Nova Scotia New Brunswick and Prince Edward Island.
 Mason Gross School of the Arts is the arts conservatory at Rutgers University in New Brunswick New Jersey. It is named for Mason W. Gross the sixteenth president of Rutgers. Mason Gross offers the Bachelor of Fine Arts in Dance Theater and Visual Arts Bachelor of Music Master of Fine Arts in Theater and Visual Arts Master of Education in Dance Master of Music Doctor of Musical Arts Artist Diploma in Music and MA and Ph.D. in composition theory and musicology.
 Hampden–Sydney College is a liberal arts college for men located in Hampden Sydney Virginia United States. Founded in 1775 Hampden–Sydney is the oldest private charter college in the Southern U.S. the last college founded before the American Revolution and one of only three four-year all-men's liberal arts colleges in the United States.
 The University of the Arts Helsinki (Finnish: Taideyliopisto Swedish: Konstuniversitetet) is a Finnish university. It was formed in 2013 as a result of a merger between three formerly independent universities: Sibelius Academy Theatre Academy Helsinki and Academy of Fine Arts Helsinki.
 Davis College is a Bible college located in Johnson City New York.
 Monash University Faculty of Law or Monash Law School is the law school of Monash University in Melbourne Victoria. Monash Law offers a wide variety of degrees including the LLB as well at 9 double degree options in conjunction with the LLB J.D. LLM S.J.D. LLD and PhD degrees in law.
 Palm Beach State College a public state college in Lake Worth Florida. It was formerly known as Palm Beach Community College and before that Palm Beach Junior College. It is a member institution of the Florida College SystemPalm Beach State College enrolls nearly 49000 students in over 100 programs of study including bachelor of applied science associate in arts and associate in science degree programs and short-term certificates as well as continuing education and avocational courses.
 The Bihar School of Yoga is an internationally acclaimed school of Yoga founded by Swami Satyananda Saraswati in 1964 to fulfill the instruction given by his Guru Sri Swami Sivananda of propagating the ancient wisdom of yoga from door to door and from shore to shore. Situated on the banks of the Ganges the campus of Bihar School of Yoga is known as Ganga Darshan located at the top of hillock in the town of Munger in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Yokohama College of Art and Design (横浜美術短期大学 Yokohama bijutsu tanki daigaku) is a private junior college in Aoba-ku Yokohama Kanagawa Prefecture Japan. Originally established in 1966 as a women's junior college it became coeducational in 2001.
 Saint Mary-of-the-Woods College (SMWC) the nation's oldest Catholic liberal arts college for women was founded in 1840 by Saint Mother Theodore Guerin and the Sisters of Providence of Saint Mary-of-the-Woods. Today the distance and graduate programs serve both women and men while the undergraduate campus program maintains its historic commitment to women.
 Portledge School is an independent college-preparatory day school located in Locust Valley New York with 414 students in Pre-nursery through 12th grade (2006–2007 school year).
 Lawrence High School (LHS) is a four-year comprehensive public high school in the Lawrenceville section of Lawrence Township in Mercer County New Jersey United States serving grades 9-12 as part of the Lawrence Township Public Schools. LHS was built in 1967.
 John Dewey Academy of Learning is a Charter School of the Green Bay Area Public School District. It is the Green Bay Area Public School District's first and only Charter School. The Streets School Address is 1429 Harvey Street Green Bay WI 54302.
 King Edward VI Handsworth School is a grammar school for girls aged 11–18 and is located in Handsworth Birmingham England. It is part of the Foundation of the Schools of King Edward VI. The school was founded in 1883 as King Edwards Aston. In 2010 there were 906 girls on roll.
 Sir Robert Borden High School (SRB) is a high school located on Greenbank Road in Ottawa Ontario. Adjacent to the main office of the Ottawa-Carleton District School Board this school was founded in 1969 and named after the late Conservative Prime Minister of Canada Robert Borden. Architecturally the building itself is divided into several different wings.
 Shri M.D. Shah Mahila College of Arts and Commerce is a college in Malad Mumbai Maharashtra India.Education today has been recognized as the way of life and is indispensable for its benefits are reaching. The global world at large. There can be no societal growth and development without its continuity. With this view in mind Janseva Samiti was formed and is known for its educational and medical services. Janseva Samiti started Shri M.D.
 Lebanon Valley College (also referred to as LVC Lebanon Valley and The Valley) is a small liberal arts higher education institution situated in the heart of Annville in Lebanon County 19.5 mi (31.4 km) east of Harrisburg Pennsylvania.
 St. Aloysius Gonzaga Secondary School is a Catholic high school located in the Erin Mills community of Mississauga Ontario named after Saint Aloysius Gonzaga. The school opened in Mississauga in 2001 after spending a year as a holding school in Georgetown. It is a joint venture between the city of Mississauga and the Dufferin Peel Catholic District School Board.
 Hong Kong Taoist Association Tang Hin Memorial Secondary School（香港道教聯合會鄧顯紀念中學 THMSS）is an EMI secondary school located in Sheung Shui.
 Shady Side Academy is an independent preparatory school located in the Fox Chapel and Point Breeze neighborhoods of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Founded in 1883 as an all-male day school in the Shadyside neighborhood of the East End the Academy now offers a secular coeducational PK–12 program on three campuses in the city and its suburbs including weekday boarding in the Croft and Morewood Houses of its Senior School Campus.
 Walsh Jesuit High School is a private Jesuit high school in Cuyahoga Falls Ohio. Founded in 1964 the school was funded by a gift from and named after Cornelius and Jane Walsh. It has been recognized fifty times as a Green Ribbon School of Excellence by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Eqerem Çabej University is a university in the Albanian town of Gjirokastër named after Eqrem Çabej. It is one of nine SIFE accredited universities in Albania. It was created as a University with the name of “Eqrem Çabej” with decision of the Albanian Government nr. 414 dated 12 November 1991 on the basis of the Higher Institute of Pedagogy that was already established in 1971.
 National Taitung Junior College (NTC; Chinese: 國立臺東專科學校; pinyin: Guólì Táidōng Zhuānkē Xuéxiào) is a public college located in Taitung City Taitung County Taiwan.
 Pamantasan ng Montalban (PnM) is a locally established University in Kasiglahan Village Rodriguez Rizal. Philippines. It was established by virtue of Municipal Ordinance Nos. 03-04 approved on September 25 2003 followed by 04-03 approved on July 5 2004 both of which were authored by the former three termer Coun. Jemelita Baldago-Dulla under the administration of the former four termer Municipal Mayor Pedro S. Cuerpo. Its buildings were constructed through the efforts made by Coun.
 Barnard College is a private women's liberal arts college and a member of the Seven Sisters. Founded in 1889 it has been affiliated with Columbia University since 1900. Barnard's 4-acre (1.6 ha) campus stretches along Broadway between 116th and 120th Streets in the Morningside Heights neighborhood in the borough of Manhattan in New York City. It is directly adjacent to Columbia's campus and near several other academic institutions and has been used by Barnard since 1898.
 Vancouver Community College is a public community college in Vancouver British Columbia Canada. Founded in 1965 it is the largest and oldest community college in British Columbia with over 140 certificate and diploma programs. VCC has two campuses Broadway and Downtown both located in the city of Vancouver.The college accommodates 26000 students each year from a variety of nations about 8 percent of whom are international students.
 Auchenharvie Academy is a secondary school in Stevenston Ayrshire Scotland. It is a comprehensive school which takes children from the ages of 11–18 from Stevenston and Saltcoats in North Ayrshire.
 The Art Institute of Jacksonville is a for-profit institution of higher education in Jacksonville Florida and one of The Art Institutes a corporate system of over 40 educational institutions throughout North America providing education in design media arts fashion and culinary arts.
 Lake Travis Independent School District is a public school district headquartered in southwestern Travis County Texas (USA). It was created on June 12 1981 after school board members decided to split the Dripping Springs Independent School District in order to handle the growing population of the Lake Travis area. In 2011 the school district was rated Exemplary by the Texas Education Agency.
 Dr. Juan G. Nolasco High School is one of the schools in Manila City.
 Bharat Ratna Dr. B. R.
 The State University of New York College at Oneonta (more commonly known as SUNY Oneonta and also called Oneonta State SUCO and O-State) is a four-year liberal arts college in Oneonta New York United States with approximately 5900 students. The college offers a wide variety of bachelor's degree programs and a number of graduate degrees.
 St Helena Secondary College is a co-educational state secondary school in Eltham North Victoria Australia. Found within the City of Banyule the school has had a high enrolment interest for a number of years due to the recent baby boom in the area. St Helena also has a wide variety of extra-curricular activities including an extensive music program musicals and numerous sporting opportunities.
 Established in 1949 the Graduate School of Korea University in Seoul South Korea offers 45 doctoral and 47 master's programs.
 Nether Stowe High School is a comprehensive school located in Lichfield Staffordshire. The school was originally opened in late 1964 with its first full year of running in summer 1965. It caters for students aged between 11 and 18 providing a wide range of curriculum over all key stages. The school's current headteacher is Ruth Poppleton formerly Barrie Cooper (From 2004 to 2008) and latterly acting headteacher John McElroy (2008 to 2009).
 North Miami Senior High School (NMSHS) is a secondary school located at 13110 NE 8th Avenue in the city of North Miami Florida USA.North Miami Senior High School opened as Edward L. Constance Junior-Senior High School in 1951 with 1500 students in 7th 8th and 9th grades. Another grade was added each year for the next three years. The class of 1955 was the first graduating class. Early in 1955 the name of the school was changed to North Miami Senior High School.
 St. Thomas School is an independent school in Medina an Eastside suburb of Seattle Washington USA.
 The Polytechical University of Kabul is a university in Kabul Afghanistan. It was established in 1963 in the Karte Mamourin area beside the Intercontinental Hotel.
 The Ho Polytechnic is a public tertiary institution in the Volta Region of Ghana.
 Bacup and Rawtenstall Grammar School (BRGS) is a selective co-educational academy grammar school in Waterfoot Rossendale Lancashire England. The school is named after the two main towns either side of Waterfoot Bacup and Rawtenstall.
 King University (formerly King College) is a private doctoral-level comprehensive university located in Bristol Tennessee offering more than 80 majors minors pre-professional degrees and concentrations in fields such as business nursing forensic science education and humanities. Graduate programs are offered in business administration nursing and education. A number of off-campus learning opportunities and travel destinations are also available..
 Humanex Academy is a private alternative middle and high school in Englewood Denver Colorado US for students who have learning disabilities and emotional and behavior disorders. Humanex's three main teaching methods are an individualized academic curriculum which accommodates each student's current abilities extensive counseling support and behavior management.
 Red Balloon Learner Centres often referred to as Red Balloons are UK specialist learner centres providing a safe full-time learning environment for children aged eleven to sixteen who have self excluded from mainstream school for reasons of being the victim of bullying assault or trauma. There are five Centres: Cambridge Norwich Northwest London at Harrow Merseyside and Reading.
 Queenwood School for Girls is an independent non-denominational Christian day school located in the suburb of Mosman on the Lower North Shore of Sydney New South Wales Australia.Established in 1925 by Miss Grace Lawrance and named after the Queenwood Ladies' College in East Sussex Queenwood has a non-selective enrolment policy and currently caters for approximately 1000 students from Kindergarten to Year 12.The school is affiliated with the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia (AHISA) the Junior School Heads Association of Australia (JSHAA) the Alliance of Girls' Schools Australasia and is a member of the Association of Heads of Independent Girls' Schools (AHIGS).
 St Augustine of Canterbury Roman Catholic High School or Guzzies as it is commonly known is a voluntary-aided Catholic comprehensive school in the town of St Helens Lancashire. The school has approximately 725 pupils whose ages range from 11 to 16.
 Kenton High School is a public high school in Kenton Ohio. It is the only high school in the Kenton City Schools district. Their mascot are the Wildcats. They are members of the Western Buckeye League.
 Heathmont College is a coeducational government secondary college located in Heathmont Victoria. It is located between Waters Grove Marlborough Road and Hardy Crescent.
 Union Mine High School is a public high school located in El Dorado California United States and is a member of the El Dorado Union High School District.The school district purchased the property on which the school is located in 1971 for $65000 to accommodate future growth but did not need it for many years. Preliminary planning for the school began in 1991.
 The Zanvyl Krieger School of Arts & Sciences located in Baltimore Maryland is one of nine academic divisions of the Johns Hopkins University in the United States. Located at the university’s Homewood campus at the Charles Village neighborhood in northern Baltimore. It is the core institution of Johns Hopkins offering comprehensive undergraduate education and graduate training in the humanities natural and social sciences.
 Joseph C. Wilson Magnet High School sometimes referred to as Wilson Magnet or just Wilson is a public high school in Rochester New York. It is in the Rochester City School District.
 Austwell-Tivoli High School is a 1A public high school located in unincorporated Tivoli Texas (USA). It is part of the Austwell-Tivoli Independent School District located in eastern Refugio County. In 2011 the school was rated Recognized by the Texas Education Agency.
 St. Louis Park High School is a four-year public high school located in St. Louis Park Minnesota. St. Louis Park High School is ranked by Newsweek as #290 in their List of the 1500 Top High Schools in America #3 among Minnesota schools on the list in 2012. In 2001 the high school began participation in the International Baccalaureate program and has since been decreasing the number of Advanced Placement classes offered in the curriculum.The school newspaper is The Echo.
 Priory Preparatory School is a preparatory school based in Banstead Surrey for boys aged two to thirteen years. The school is a member of the Independent Association of Preparatory Schools (IAPS) and of the Independent Schools Council (ISC). It was founded in 1921 and moved to its current location in 1936. It is a charitable trust
 William Duncan State School (WDSS) is a state school located on the Gold Coast Queensland Australia. The school was opened in 1987 with just 186 students enrolled which has now grown to approximately 800 in the present day.
 The University of Bath is a campus university located in Bath United Kingdom. It received its Royal Charter in 1966. According to 2013 National Student Survey (NSS) the University of Bath was ranked 1st for student satisfaction out of more than 150 UK higher education institutions. In The Times and The Sunday Times Good University Guide 2014 the University was awarded the title of Best Campus University in Britain. Bath was awarded the title of ‘University of the Year 2011/12’.
 St. Macartan's College is the major Roman Catholic boys' Diocesan College in Monaghan Ireland. It is named after Saint Macartan follower of St. Patrick and founder and bishop of the Diocese of Clogher. The school educates Catholic boys in County Monaghan and surrounding counties. The school is located within the parish of Donagh. The school Feast Day is 24 March.
 Dobson High School is a secondary public high school located in Mesa Arizona one of six high schools in Mesa Public Schools and serves grades 9-12. Rhodes and Powell junior high schools feed students into Dobson. The school's mascot is a mustang and the school colors are royal blue and silver. Dobson student enrollment tops out at 2763 students making it the 11th-largest high school in Arizona.Opened in 1983 Dobson sits on 84 acres (340000 m2) of public land.
 Holy Trinity School (HTS) is a private co-educational university preparatory institution located in Richmond Hill Ontario affiliated with the Anglican Church of Canada. There are approximately 800 students currently enrolled from junior kindergarten to grade 12. HTS is an accredited member of the Canadian Association of Independent Schools.
 Meridian Community College is a two-year public community college in Meridian Mississippi (USA). Founded in 1937 it was originally named Meridian Junior College but changed its name in 1987.
 Waialua High and Intermediate School is a public intermediate and high school for grades 7-12 in the Waialua CDP in City and County of Honolulu Hawaii on the Island of Oahu.The campus boasts the painted plastic mural A Waialua Day by Balazs Szabo and the mixed media sculpture Waialua from Ken Shutt’s Konohiki Series.[citation needed]
 Vidya Vardhaka Sangha High School is a famous school in Kadaganchi. It is known for the quality education in the area. It was started in 1950's with handpicked teachers well qualified in their subjects during that time.
 The Drake University College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences is an American pharmacy school located in Des Moines Iowa. The school part of Drake University offers a four-year Doctor of Pharmacy (Pharm.D) degree and is nationally-accredited by the ACPE.
 The GBSS School No-1 Shakti Nagar commonly known as Shakti Nagar School No. 1 was established in the year 1957. The founding principal of the school is Dr.
 Saint Xavier's High School Patna (often abbreviated: SXS Patna or SXHS) (Devanagari: सेंट ज़ेवियर्स हाई स्कूल पटना) is a private co-ed college-preparatory high school in the neighborhood of Gandhi Maidan in Patna Bihar India. It is the oldest Jesuit school in the city of Patna and in the state of Bihar established by missionaries from the American Chicago Province of the Society of Jesus. Founded in 1940 it is named after St.
 Central Michigan University (CMU) is a public research university located in Mount Pleasant in the U.S. state of Michigan. Established in 1892 Central Michigan University is one of the nation's 100 largest public universities and the third largest in Michigan (behind Michigan – Ann Arbor and Michigan State with more than 20000 students on its Mount Pleasant campus and another 7000 enrolled online and at more than 60 locations worldwide.
 Yankton High School is a high school in Yankton South Dakota United States.
 Berwick Secondary College is situated in the outer Melbourne metropolitan suburb of Berwick.
 Rockway Mennonite Collegiate (RMC) is an independent Mennonite high school located in Kitchener Ontario. It offers academic programs for grade 7–12 students various cross-cultural exchanges as well as numerous arts and athletics programs.
 Birkenhead School is an independent selective co-educational school located in Oxton on the Wirral Peninsula in the north west of England. It is a member of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference.
 St. John Brebeuf Regional Secondary is a Catholic school under the administration of CISVA (Catholic Independent Schools of the Vancouver Archdiocese) school board.The school is co-educational offering academic fine arts and business programs as well as athletic performing arts and other extracurricular programs for students from grades 8 to 12.
 The Littlehampton Community School (normally abbreviated to LCS) was a large mixed gender community comprehensive school located at the edge of Littlehampton in West Sussex England and was the main secondary school in the Littlehampton area. The school was one of the largest secondary schools in both West Sussex and England and was surrounded by housing providing easy access for local children. The school closed on 31 August 2009 being replaced by The Littlehampton Academy.
 The Central University for Tibetan Studies (CUTS) (Tibetan: ཝ་ཎ་མཐོ་སློབ Wylie: wa Na mtho slob) originally called Central Institute of Higher Tibetan Studies (CIHTS) is a university institute founded in Sarnath Varanasi India in 1967 as an autonomous organization under Union Ministry of Culture.The CIHTS was founded by Pt.
 Atlantic High School is a public high school located in Port Orange Florida. The school started in 1994 and currently serves about 1100 students in grades 9 to 12 and is part of Volusia County Schools.
 The Westchester Academy for International Studies (WAIS) is a public charter school in the Spring Branch Independent School District in Houston Texas. It serves grades 6–12 and is a part of the International Baccalaureate program. Jennifer Collier and Alexia Greiner were announced as the new Director and Assistant Director during the summer of 2013. The assistant directors are Kathy Menotti and Alexia Greiner.
 Kuwait University (Arabic: جامعة الكويت‎ abbreviated in English as Kuniv) is one of the public universities in Kuwait.Entrance is restricted for non-Arab residents
 Bataan Military Academy is a tuition-free co-ed college-prep public day high school. All Cadets are members of the United States Naval Sea Cadet Corps; the U.S. Navy’s youth organization. Founded by Shelby Dawson-Tallchief a Lieutenant Commander in the Sea Cadet program and Associate Regional Director for Arizona and New Mexico Bataan opened at the beginning of the 2007-2008 school year with freshmen and sophomores.
 The University of Belgrade Faculty of Philosophy (Serbian: Филозофски факултет Универзитета у Београду) founded in the early 19th century within the Belgrade Higher School is the oldest and most prominent institution of higher education in Serbia and among the oldest in the South-Eastern Europe.
 The ALTAMIRA INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL located in Barranquilla Colombia is a private non-sectarian non-profit coeducational U.S. college preparatory school open to the enrollment of Colombians North Americans and children of other countries. The school intends to meet the needs of the community by providing an education based on the best theories and practices of Colombia and the United States.
 The National Institute of Business Management (also known as NIBM) is a Sri Lankan business school. It is a collaboration with the UNDP with the ILO functioning as the executing agency[citation needed]. On 1 June 1976 the Institute was incorporated as the National Institute of Business Management[citation needed].
 Southwestern Oregon Community College is a college in Coos Bay Oregon United States. It is Oregon's oldest community college founded in 1961.
 Prairie Star Middle School is located in Leawood Kansas. It is part of the Blue Valley Unified School District.Prairie Star Middle School opened its doors in August 1996. The school is located at 14201 Mission Road Leawood Kansas 66224-9718. The enrollment during the first year was 375. The current enrollment is over 700. The colors are Kelly Green and Navy Blue and the school mascot is a panther. Prairie Star Middle is designed to be a full inclusion school.
 Vivekananda Educational Society (VES) is a registered non profit service organization which owns and operates several schools located in the vicinity of Chennai. It has 20 day schools and one residential school. It was registered as a society in 1972 by a group of persons associated with the Vivekananda Rock memorial. The society has 20000 students attending its schools everyday across the city. This society is currently headed by Shri N.
 Det Nødvendige Seminarium (DNS) (English: The Necessary Teacher Training College) is a private teacher training college in Denmark. DNS is integrated part of the School Center Tvind and since 2011 DNS is in cooperation with One World University (OWU) in Mozambique which opened oportunity of new three year program with a degree of licentiate of pedagogy.The college is private and the students are self-financed within the framework of the college.
 Cardinal Wiseman Catholic Technology College is a non-selective comprehensive state secondary school in Kingstanding; an inner-city suburb of Birmingham England. It is named after Cardinal Nicholas Wiseman. This school accepts both sexes and accepts both Catholics and non Catholics.
 Iwate University (岩手大学 Iwate Daigaku) is a national university in Morioka Iwate Japan. This university has been called Gandai in Japan. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1876 and was chartered as a university in 1949.
 The Saint Andrew's Scots School (Spanish: Escuela Escocesa San Andrés) mostly known simply as Saint Andrew's is a bilingual school established in Buenos Aires in 1838 and the oldest school of British origin in South America. The school offers early childhood primary and secondary education and has a university founded in 1820. The school's campus is located in Benavídez Tigre Partido inside the urban agglomeration known as Greater Buenos Aires.
 The Anahuac Mayab University (Spanish: Universidad Anáhuac Mayab) is a private institution of higher education in Mérida Yucatán México and belongs to the religious congregation of the Legion of Christ. It was founded in 1984 through an initiative of Archbishop Manuel Castro Ruiz with the support of a group of businessmen from southern Mexico.
 Mount Olive High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from Mount Olive Township in Morris County New Jersey United States operating as part of the Mount Olive Township School District. The school is located in the Flanders section of the township.As of the 2010-11 school year the school had an enrollment of 1157 students and 96.4 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis) for a student–teacher ratio of 12.00:1.
 Traughber Junior High School or TRJHS is a public intermediate school located in Oswego Illinois a small village in Illinois. It is under the jurisdiction of Oswego Community Unit School District 308. It is the oldest junior high school name in the district but was relocated in 2008. Its old building used to serve as Oswego's high school which today is close to Traughber Junior High Schools' former building under the name Oswego High School.
 United Tribes Technical College is a tribal college in Bismarck North Dakota. UTTC has an enrollment 885 students 635 full-time undergraduates and 250 part-time undergraduates.
 Qafqaz University (Azerbaijani: Qafqaz Universiteti; the name translates as Caucasus University) is a private university located in Baku Azerbaijan. It was founded in 1993 and is the first and the only foreign private university in the country.
 Oakland University (OU) is a public university co-founded by Matilda Dodge Wilson and John A. Hannah whose 1500-acre (6.1 km2) campus is located in central Oakland County Michigan United States in the cities of Auburn Hills and Rochester Hills. This can be confusing because OU's mailing address is in the nearby but not adjacent City of Rochester Michigan. It is the only major research university in Oakland County from which OU derives its name.
 Vision College is a private college located in Kelana Jaya Selangor Malaysia. The college only offers a Postgraduate Diploma of Medical Ultrasonography (Asia) – DMU (Asia) a qualification for sonographers. Vision College is affiliated with health care providers such as Klang General Hospital (Tengku Ampuan Rahimah Hospital) Kelana Jaya Poliklinik and Shah Alam Poliklinik which serves to facilitate the DMU (Asia) clinical attachment programme.
 Trondheim International School (This) was founded in 2004 as an alternative to the Norwegian schools. It became an IB World School in 2008.
 Rockingham County High School (RCHS) is located in Reidsville (near Wentworth) North Carolina. It is located near Rockingham County Middle School which feeds into the high school.
 Kendriya Vidyalaya Barrackpore (KVB Hindi: केन्द्रीय विद्यालय बैरकपुर) is one of the reputed schools in Kolkata West Bengal. The school is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education New Delhi.
 Ghent University (Dutch: Universiteit Gent abbreviated as UGent) is a Dutch-speaking public university located in Ghent Belgium. It is one of the larger Flemish universities consisting of 38000 students and 7900 staff members. The current rector is Anne De Paepe (nl).It was established in 1817 by King William I of the Netherlands. After the Belgian revolution of 1830 it was administered by the newly formed Belgian state.
 National College of Ireland (NCI) offers full and part-time courses from certificate to degree and postgraduate level. All courses are delivered from the IFSC campus and across a network of regional centres.The college's specialist areas include business computing psychology marketing cloud computing human resource management accountancy and finance.
 Al-Adiliyah Madrasa (Arabic: المدرسة العادلية‎) is a madrasah located in Damascus Syria. Founded in 1215 by Sultan Al-Adil I. He was buried in the school. And his son Al-Mu'azzam finished building the school. The madrasa is considered an important example of Ayyubid architecture in Syria.
 Lviv State Choreographic School was established in August 1957 according to the initiative and assistance of regional department of culture and Ivan Franko Lviv National Academic Theatre of Opera and Ballet. This school with the length of studies of four years is the first and unique in all Western part of Ukraine.
 ascension Episcopal School (AES) formally known as Ascenion School (ADS) is a Private school in Lafayette Parish Louisiana. It was founded in 1959 and consists of three separate campuses consisting of a preschool an elementary school a middle school and a high school.
 Henderson Community College (HCC) located in Henderson Kentucky is one of 16 two-year open-admissions colleges of the Kentucky Community and Technical College System (KCTCS). It was established in 1960 under the leadership of the late Dr. Louis C. Alderman Jr. the first Director of the Northwest Extension of the University of Kentucky. The college became a charter member of the University of Kentucky's Community College System in 1964 changing its name to Henderson Community College.
 SKBM DEGREE College (formerly known as Muslim Rajput Inter College) in Dildarnagar Uttar Pradesh India is situated in the far east of the town.SKBM INTER COLLEGE is now become a DEGREE COLLEGE in 2013. It is one of the oldest colleges of the Ghazipur district established in 1938 as Muslim Rajput High School renamed in 1969 to Syed Kamsar-O-Bar Muslim Inter College Dildar Nagar.S.K.B.M.(Syed Kamsar-o-Bar Muslim) Degree college is an aided co-educational college.
 Kings International College is a secondary school in Camberley Surrey near junction 4 of the M3 Motorway. The college has around 600 students with 50 teaching staff and 25 associate staff. Opened in 2001 on the site of France Hill School; the college is currently designated a specialist Business and Enterprise College status by the Department for Children Schools and Families.
 Kanazawa Institute of Technology (金沢工業大学 Kanazawa Kōgyō Daigaku) is an institution of higher learning in Japan. It is often called KIT koudai (工大 kōdai) or Kinko (金工 Kinkō) for short.It is known for its unique educational policy that attaches importance to initiative of students. One of the examples is Yumekobo (夢考房 Yumekōbō) coined from yume (dream) kō (thought to think) and kōbō (workshop) where students take parts in their projects and research on solar cars universal design etc.
 Poplar High School is a high school (grades 9–12) in the small town of Poplar Roosevelt County Montana.In 2007 it had 200 plus students and 25 teachers. Most if not all of the students are enrolled members of the Fort Peck Assiniboine and Sioux Reservation. Most of the racial makeup for the students are Native American mostly Sioux AssinibioneChippewa or Cree.
 J M Ntsime High School is situated in Zone 4 Mogwase on the outskirts of Rustenburg South Africa. The school was established in 1989 from Nkakane High School which used to share premises with Mogwase Middle School. It is named after a famous Setswana novelist dramatist and former minister of education of the Bophuthatswana homeland government J M Ntsime to acknowledge his contribution to preserve the language and culture.
 Hathaway Brown (HB) is an all-girls private school in Shaker Heights Ohio founded in 1876. It is also Ohio's second oldest college preparatory school for girls. The HB experience spans the early childhood program primary school middle school and upper school.
 The German School London (German: Deutsche Schule London) is a private school based at the Grade II* listed building Douglas House in Petersham in the London Borough of Richmond-upon-Thames. It includes a kindergarten pre-school elementary school middle school and upper school. The German School London is one of 140 schools abroad that the Federal Republic of Germany and the local school association has established to promote the German culture and language in other countries.
 John R. Buchtel Community Learning Center formerly known as John R. Buchtel High School and often referred to as Buchtel High School or Buchtel CLC is a public high school in Akron Ohio United States serving grades 7–12. It is one of seven high schools in the Akron Public Schools. As of 2012 the school has an enrollment of 764 students.
 Moseley Park School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in the Bilston area of Wolverhampton West Midlands England.Moseley Park converted to academy status in June 2012 and was previously a community school under the direct control of Wolverhampton City Council with specialist Technology College status. The school continues to coordinate with Wolverhampton City Council for admissions.
 Manurewa Intermediate School is a large multicultural school located in central Manurewa a suburb of Auckland's Manukau City New Zealand.
 Buckhorn High School is a public high school in New Market Alabama United States. Buckhorn received the State Department of Education's National Blue Ribbon in 2001.Buckhorn is located at the site of the American Civil War Skirmish of Buckhorn Tavern fought on October 12 1863 between General Phillip D. Roddey's Alabama Cavalry Brigade and a Union cavalry brigade commanded by General Robert Mitchell.
 The Islamic University of al-Madinah al-Munawarah (Arabic: الجامعة الإسلامية بالمدينة المنورة) was founded by the government of Saudi Arabia by a royal decree in 1961 in the Islamic holy city of Medina.
 St. Michael's Catholic Grammar School is a Voluntary aided Roman Catholic Grammar School for girls and boys in the sixth form situated in Finchley Barnet London. Its current headmaster is Mr Julian Ward.
 The National University of Trujillo (Spanish: Universidad Nacional de Trujillo) (UNT) is a major public university located in Trujillo Peru capital of the department of La Libertad. The university was founded by Simón Bolívar and José Faustino Sánchez Carrión who met in Huamachuco; they signed the decree of foundation on May 10 1824 before Peru's independence from Spain.
 The Warsaw School of Economics (SGH) is the oldest business school of university standing in Poland. It is ranked first amongst Polish business schools in the Perspektywy ranking.The Warsaw School of Economics was founded in 1906 as a private school under the name August Zieliński Private Trade Courses for Men. On 30 July 1919 it became a separate legal entity and was granted the status of an institution of higher education. The school was renamed Szkoła Główna Handlowa (SGH) in 1933.
 The Political Warfare Cadres Academy (政治作戰學校) also known as Fu Hsing Kang College (復興崗 Renaissance Hill) is a military academy in Beitou District Taipei Republic of China.The College was established on July 15 1951 modelled after the pre-war Moscow Sun Yat-sen University; it was intended to provide the Military of the Republic of China with Political commissars loyal to the Kuomintang regime.
 Lowpoint-Washburn Junior/Senior High School is a public junior-senior high school in Washburn Woodford County Illinois.
 The Defence Services Command and Staff College (DSCSC) is situated at Batalanda Makola (South) 12 Kilometers away from Colombo and its aim to develop the professional knowledge and understanding of experienced officers of the Sri Lanka Army Sri Lanka Navy & the Sri Lanka Air Force to prepare them for the ranks of junior field officers in the army and the respective ranks of the Navy and Air force.
 The Blyth Academy is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in Blyth Northumberland England.It was opened as Blyth Community College in 2000 following the amalgamation of Tynedale High School and Ridley High School. The school was built for 1450 students and has an estimated figure of around 1500 students and is made up of years 7 through to 11; with two sixth form years.
 The High School Affiliated to Beijing International Studies University is a public secondary school located in Chaoyang District Beijing. Founded in 1956 the school is administered by the Education Commission of Chaoyang District and the teaching activities are organised into Junior High (from Year 7 to Year 9) and Senior High (from Year 10 to Year 12). It occupies currently two campuses amounting to ca.
 Lane College is a four-year historically black college associated with the Christian Methodist Episcopal Church located in Jackson Tennessee just northeast of the downtown area. It is primarily a liberal arts institution.
 The Master of Laws is an advanced academic degree pursued by those holding a professional law degree and is commonly abbreviated LL.M from the Latin Legum Magister (meaning master of laws).
 Gartree Community School is a secondary school located in the village of Tattershall in Lincolnshire England.
 Darrang College sometimes referred to at times as the Nalanda of the North Bank is a college in Tezpur Assam India. It was started in July 1945 with 8 teachers and 112 students in the roll. Darrang College offers bachelor degrees in Arts Science or Commerce from Gauhati University. Currently the college runs with 24 departments.
 Yuet Wah College (traditional Chinese: 粵華中學; simplified Chinese: 粤华中学; pinyin: Yuè Huá Zhōngxué; abbr: YWC) often referred to as Yuet Wah is a Macau all-boys Catholic secondary school. It was founded in 1928 making it one of the oldest secondary schools in Macau. It is accredited by the Salesians of Don Bosco.The school aims to provide a liberal education based on Catholic principles; its students are encouraged to be well rounded.
 Sabawoon Rehabilitation Centre is a rehabilitation institute in Mingora Swat Pakistan. Sabawoon in Pashto means Morning Light. The centre run and established by Pakistan Army with the help of the Hum Pakistani Foundation (an NGO) and UNICEF was inaugurated in 2009 by General Ashfaq Pervez Kayani. Initially 22 former militants were inducted into the institute in September 2009.
 Washington High School (commonly Washington or WHS) is a public high school in Phoenix Arizona USA. It serves students from grades 9-12. Washington is a part of the Glendale Union High School District and opened in 1955 with its first graduating class in 1956.
 Brideun School for Exceptional Children was a school for twice exceptional (2e) children in Lafayette Colorado. It operated between 2000 and 2006 and received some national attention. It was the first elementary school in United States specifically founded for 2e students.
 Bhavans Vidya Mandir Eroor one of the six schools of the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan Kochi Kendra is a senior secondary school affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education. The school is located in the outskirts of Thripunithura town.
 The Florida State University College of Medicine located in Tallahassee Florida is one of sixteen colleges comprising the Florida State University (FSU). The College is an accredited medical school offering the Doctor of Medicine (M.D.) degree for physicians. The College of Medicine also offers a Ph.D. in Biomedical Sciences and the Master of Science in Biomedical Sciences Bridge to Clinical Medicine Major.
 James Logan High School is a public secondary school in the New Haven Unified School District. Logan High School is the only public high school in the City of Union City.James Logan High School most often referred to as just Logan by citizens.
 William Byrd High School (WBHS) is a public secondary school located in Roanoke County Virginia and is part of the Roanoke County Public Schools system. Primary schools which feed into William Byrd HS are Bonsack Elementary Herman L. Horn Elementary W. E. Cundiff Elementary and Mount Pleasant Elementary. William Byrd Middle School is the only feeding middle school.
 Athens Drive High School is a co-educational secondary Wake County public high school in southwestern Raleigh that serves grades 9-12. As of 2006-2007 the school has approximately 1900 enrolled students and approximately 130 hired educators. It is also part of the Wake County Public School System.
 The Seton Hall University School of Law (also known as Seton Hall Law) is part of Seton Hall University and is located in downtown Newark New Jersey. Seton Hall Law School is the only private law school in New Jersey and is the top-ranked of the three law schools in the state according to the U.S. News & World Report Rankings. Founded in 1951 it is accredited by the American Bar Association (ABA) and is also a member of the Association of American Law Schools (AALS).
 The Sir John Nelthorpe School is a secondary school and sixth form located on Grammar School Road in Brigg North Lincolnshire England.
 Alternative High School (AHS) is a public senior high (secondary) school in Calgary Alberta Canada; which teaches grades 10 through 12. AHS is currently located at the Clinton Ford Centre which was home to the former Clinton Ford Elementary School.AHS was launched independent of the board in September 1974 by a parents group. It reflected many of the alternative education ideas that were popular at the time. The early philosophy the school borrowed from the ideas of A. S.
 Arts et Métiers ParisTech is an engineering graduate school in the fields of mechanics and industrialization in France.The school trained 85000 engineers since its foundation in 1780 by the Duke of La Rochefoucauld-Liancourt and it remains one of the most prestigious and selective French Grandes Écoles.It is a Public Scientific Cultural and Professional Institution (EPSCP) under the authority of the Ministry of Higher Education and Research.
 The National Institute of Science and Technology (NIST) is an engineering college located in Palur Hills Odisha India. It was started in 1996 by a few NRIs some of whom were native to Odisha. NIST was set up and is operated by the SM Charitable Educational Trust with the aim of promoting higher technical education. The college was the first its kind under Berhampur University which is now affiliated to BPUT.
 The Berwick Area School District is a midsized rural public school district. Berwick Area School District encompasses approximately 101 square miles (260 km2) spanning portions of two central Pennsylvania counties. In Columbia County it covers the Boroughs of Berwick and Briar Creek and Briar Creek Township. In Luzerne County it covers the Borough of Nescopeck and Hollenback Township Nescopeck Township and Salem Township.
 Williamstown High School is a public high school in Williamstown West Virginia United States.
 Ovidius University is a public higher education institution in Constanţa founded in 1990. It is based on the former Pedagogical Institute (founded in 1961).
 Martinsville High School is a public secondary school located in Martinsville Virginia and is the only high school in the Martinsville public school system. It offers such programs as the International Baccalaureate Piedmont Regional Governor’s School Advanced Placement and Dual Enrollment classes.
 Benito Juarez Community Academy (commonly known as Juarez High School) is a public 4-year high school located in the Pilsen neighborhood on the southwest side of Chicago Illinois USA. It is named for Mexican President Benito Pablo Juárez García. It is a part of Chicago Public Schools.
 Temuco Catholic University (Spanish: Universidad Católica de Temuco) is a university in Chile. It is a derivative university part of the Chilean Traditional Universities.
 The Oxford Academy is a co-educational state secondary school in Littlemore Oxford England. Formerly Peers School it was re-opened as an Academy in September 2008 and provides a community learning environment for The Leys Rose Hill and Littlemore.
 Hillcrest High School is a public co-educational high school in Hillcrest near Durban in KwaZulu-Natal South Africa.
 Discovery College is the private independent school operated by the ESF in Hong Kong. It offers both primary and secondary education on one purpose-built site. The school opened in August 2008 and replaced a former ESF primary school Bauhinia School. Discovery College has five houses and provides education from year 1 to year 12. In August 2013 they will introduce year 13.
 St. Joseph's Catholic High School is a Roman Catholic high school managed by the Renfrew County Catholic District School Board (RCCDSB) in Renfrew Ontario Canada.
 The Academy of Media Arts Cologne is a teaching and research institution for audio-visual media in Cologne Germany.
 Okanagan College is a public post-secondary institution with over 120 certificates diplomas degrees and programs including Apprenticeship & Pre-apprenticeship Trades programs. It is located in Kelowna British Columbia Canada. Established more than forty years ago Okanagan College has since grown to be the largest college in British Columbia outside the Lower Mainland and Victoria with over 8500 full-time students on four regional campuses.
 Panola College is a community college located in Carthage Texas. The name derives from Panola County Texas of which Carthage is the county seat.As defined by the Texas Legislature the official service area of Panola College is the following:all of Marion Panola and Shelby Counties andall of Harrison County excluding the territory within the Hallsville Independent School District.↑
 Platanos College (formerly Stockwell Park School) is a coeducational secondary school with academy status located in the Stockwell area of the London Borough of Lambeth England.The school converted to academy status on 1 February 2011 and was previously a foundation school administered by Lambeth London Borough Council. The school continues to coordinate with Lambeth London Borough Council for admissions.Platanos College offers GCSEs and BTECs as programmes of study for pupils.
 Wilmer Amina Carter High School is a high school in the Rialto Unified School District. The school's mascot is a lion the students are normally called Lions. The school is located on Linden Avenue across the street from Birdsall Park north of the Interstate 210 extension. The school opened for the 2004-2005 school year and its first graduating class was the 2005-2006 school year.
 The San Francisco Unified School District is one of twenty five full-choice enrollment systems in the United States that allows parents and students to select their schools of choice in a required district application.
 The University of Pittsburgh - School of Information Sciences (or SIS) is one of the nation’s pioneering schools in the education of information professionals with a history that reaches back more than a hundred years to the days of Andrew Carnegie. As of 2009 it is ranked 10th in the list of Top Schools of Library and Information Studies by US News & World Report and is one of the original members in the list of I-Schools.
 Khalil Gibran School (KGS) is a Moroccan and British English International School in Rabat Morocco founded in 1986 by Fouad Lyoubi. The school is named after Lebanese artist poet and writer Khalil Gibran. KGS caters to children from ages 4 to 18 years old (pre-school to 12th grade).
 Loyola University New Orleans is a private co-educational and Jesuit university located in New Orleans Louisiana United States. Originally established as Loyola College in 1904 the institution was chartered as a university in 1912. It bears the name of the Jesuit patron Saint Ignatius of Loyola.
 Granger High School is a United States secondary school located in Granger Texas. It is part of the Granger Independent School District located in Williamson County.
 St John the Baptist School is a Catholic voluntary aided comprehensive school located in Woking Surrey England. The school was one of the first 100 designated Teaching Schools in the United Kingdom.
 Stillwater Area High School (SAHS) is a public school located in Oak Park Heights Minnesota and is part of the Stillwater Area Public Schools - District 834. As the oldest high school in Minnesota and the first accredited by the North Central Association (now known as AdvancED) in 1903 Stillwater Area High School claims a special sense of history.The current campus was built in 1993 thanks to a 28 million dollar bond that was approved by the citizens of District 834.
 The National Council for the Training of Journalists (NCTJ) was founded in 1951 as an organisation to oversee the training of journalists for the newspaper industry in the United Kingdom and is now playing a role in the wider media.
 Aichi Shinshiro Otani College (愛知新城大谷大学短期大学部 Aichi Shinshiro Ōtani Daigaku Tanki Daigakubu) was a private junior college in Shinshiro Aichi Japan. It was established in 1999 and abolished in 2011.[citation needed]
 Glendale University College of Law (GUCL) is a private non-profit law school in Glendale California.Founded in 1967 as Glendale College of Law the institution renamed itself Glendale University College of Law in 1975. The University confers an undergraduate degree that is a Bachelor of Science in Law. The University's College of Law confers a professional doctorate that is the Juris Doctor.
 Mirzapur Cadet College (Bengali: মির্জাপুর ক্যাডেট কলেজ) is a cadet college of Bangladesh. Like other cadet colleges it follows the national curriculum prescribed by the National Curriculum and Textbook Board (NCTB) and gives emphasis to extracurricular and co-curricular activities.
 Wetherby High School (formerly Wetherby Secondary Modern School) is a secondary school in the Hallfield area of Wetherby West Yorkshire England.The school is run by the City of Leeds Local Education Authority. It is situated on Hallfield Lane on the Hallfields Estate in Wetherby and adjacent to the Wetherby Campus of Leeds City College formerly Park Lane College. The school buildings are frequently used by the college at night.
 thumbnailBirla High School in Kolkata West Bengal India was founded by Lakshmi Niwas Birla in 1941. The name of the school was changed from Hindi High School to Birla High School in 1997. The school is organized in two sections in separate buildings the Junior Section and the Senior Section. The Girls' Section was earlier a part of this school but they are now affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) under the name of Sushila Birla Girls' School.
 The Stellar School System is a private school for girls and boys in Pakistan founded in 2008 by young entrepreneurs Savail Hussain Jehanzeb Amin Sikander Choudry and Jalal Hussain in collaboration with Pakistan academics including Dr. Akmal Hussain Professor Shaista Sirajuddin Mrs. Sonnu Rahman Mrs. Shireen Rahim Mrs. Zareena Saeed and Mr.
 UNIO High School (Romanian: Grupul Şcolar Industrial Construcţii de Maşini UNIO) is a public day high school for students aged 14 to 18 established in 1948 and located in Satu Mare Romania. The school is named after a local company UNIO specialised in producing equipment for the mining transport and energy industries.
 Gyeongsang National University (경상대학교)(GNU) is a national university governed under the ministry of education of South Korean government and located in Jinju South Gyeongsang Province and represents the South Gyeongsang Province of South Korea as one of 10 Flagship Korean National Universities along with Seoul National University Pusan National University Kyungpook National University Chonnam National University Chungnam National University Chonbuk National University Chungbuk National University Kangwon National University and Cheju National University.The university has twelve colleges including arts social science natural science engineering agriculture and life science management veterinary education nursing and medicine and eight graduate schools including medicine and public health business administration education aerospace industry etc. 
 Kongu Kalvi Nilayam is a higher secondary school in Erode Tamil Nadu India. The school was started with the aim of educating rural students.
 Escuela Agrícola Don Gregorio (English: Don Gregorio Agricultural School) is a Chilean high school located in Chimbarongo Colchagua Province Chile.
 Concordia University Nebraska is a private coeducational university located in Seward Nebraska United States. It is affiliated with The Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod (LCMS) and part of its ten member Concordia University System. Concordia offers undergraduate and graduate degrees in more than 50 academic programs in both on-campus and online formats.Concordia Nebraska promises a Christ-centered academically excellent community with caring faculty and staff.
 Laurel Woods Elementary School is a public elementary school in Laurel Maryland. It is part of Howard County Public School System.
 Ying Wa College (also referred to as YWC Anglo-Chinese College Chinese: 英華書院) is a direct subsidized boys' secondary school in Kowloon Hong Kong. It was established in Malacca in 1818 by the first Protestant missionary to China Rev. Robert Morrison.
 Winona Senior High School is a publicly funded high school in Winona in Winona County which is located in southeastern Minnesota. The high school has over 1200 students in grades 9-12 and Kelly Halvorsen is the principal as of 2011. The school's mascot is Herky the Winhawk. The school is part of the Winona Area Public Schools (Independent School District #861). The Winhawks boys golf team won the Big Nine conference title during the 2010 season.
 Bernalillo High School is a public high hchool in Bernalillo New Mexico United States. The school is a part of the Bernalillo Public School District and is the only high school in the district. The mascot is the Spartan.
 Vincent Massey Secondary School commonly known as Massey is a public high school located in the South Windsor neighbourhood of Windsor Ontario Canada. The school is under the jurisdiction of the Greater Essex County District School Board one of the four school boards in Windsor–Essex. The school was named after Vincent Massey the first Canadian-born Governor General of Canada.The school offers both semestered and non-semestered courses.
 Institution Chrétienne d'Haïti (ICDH) is a school in Carrefour Haiti.
 The Royal Naval Academy (1733–1837) was established at Portsmouth Dockyard as a facility to train officers for the Royal Navy. The founders' intentions were to provide an alternative means to recruit officers and to provide standardised training education and admission.
 Leweston School is a Catholic independent school for girls near Sherborne in Dorset UK. It consists of coeducational Pre-Prep (ages 2-7) and Prep (ages 7-11) departments and a girls-only Senior School (11+). It is the sister-school of St Teresa's School in Surrey.
 River Oaks Academy is a private school at 10600 Richmond Avenue in the Westchase district of Houston Texas United States. The school covers grades Kindergarten through 12.
 Bryan High School is a public high school in Bryan Ohio. It is the only high school in the Bryan City Schools district. Their nickname is the Golden Bears. They are members of the Northwest Ohio Athletic League and are the largest school (Sole Division II-III in football) participating in the league. Enrollment is approximately 800 students in grades 9-12.
 The University of Pretoria Faculty of Law was established in 1908 and consists of five academic departments six centres two law clinics and its own publisher the Pretoria University Law Press (PULP).
 St. Anthony's School is a Catholic preparatory school in Hampstead London for boys aged 4 to 13.
 Ideal School and College (Bengali: আইডিয়াল স্কুল অ্যান্ড কলেজ) also known as Ideal High School (its name up to 1990) or Motijheel Ideal School is an educational institution in Bangladesh established in 1965. Although the school was set up to cater for the children of surrounding areas students come from all parts of Dhaka.In the SSC examination of 2008 it became the most successful school in the country in number of students achieving GPA 5.
 Vincennes University (VU) is a public university in Vincennes Indiana in the United States. Founded in 1801 as Jefferson Academy VU is the oldest public institution of higher learning in Indiana. Since 1889 VU has been a two-year university although baccalaureate degrees in seven select areas are available. Unlike most other two-year higher-education institutions however VU is a residential campus and has been since its establishment.
 Fayette County School System is a public school district based in Fayetteville Georgia USA.The school system serves all of Fayette County Georgia.
 Western Nevada College (WNC) is a public college serving northwest Nevada. It is accredited by the Northwest Association of Schools and of Colleges and Universities. The main branch of the college is located in Carson City Nevada with other campuses in the cities of Fallon and Minden. There are also WNC instruction centers in Dayton Fernley Hawthorne Lake Tahoe Lovelock Smith Valley and Yerington as well as degree programs in five correctional institutions.
 Frank Hughes College now Frank Hughes School began as a consolidated private educational institution in Clifton Tennessee in September 1905. It is currently part of the Wayne County School system.
 Kinki University Seito Junior College (近畿大学青踏女子短期大学 Kinki Daigaku Seito Joshi Tanki Daigakubu) was a private junior college in Wakayama Wakayama Japan. It was established in 1972.
 The Colegio de San Ildefonso is the first educational institution established in Asia by the Europeans outside Manila. It was established by Fr. Antonio Sedeno Fr. Pedro Chirino and Antonio Pereira of the Society of Jesus in 1595.
 Easton Area High School is a four-year public high school located in Palmer Township Northampton County in the Lehigh Valley area of Pennsylvania. It is part of the Easton Area School District. The school's colors are red and white (although black is used in many of the school's sports uniforms) and its mascot is the Red Rover. The current principal of Easton Area High School is Michael Koch.
 China Jiliang University (中国计量学院) is a university situated in Hangzhou the capital city of Zhejiang Province and founded in 1978.
 Tokrogul Secondary School (Uzbek: Toʻqtogʻul oʻrta maktabi Тўқтоғул ўрта мактаби; Russian: Средняя школа имени Токтогула; Kyrgyz: Токтогул орто мектеби) is a secondary school in Isfana Kyrgyzstan. Although the school is called a secondary school it offers classes for grades 1 through 11. Opened in 1936 Toktogul Secondary School is the oldest school in Isfana. The school has two buildings. The old building was completed in 1947.
 Westlake High School is a secondary school located in the west central section of Waldorf Charles County Maryland.
 There is also a Lynbrook High School in Lynbrook New York.Lynbrook High School (also referred to as Lynbrook or LHS) is a co-educational public four-year secondary school located in the West San Jose neighborhood of San Jose California USA. It was founded in 1965 and graduated its first class in 1968.Lynbrook belongs to the Fremont Union High School District along with Monta Vista High School Cupertino High School Fremont High School and Homestead High School.
 Loudoun Country Day School (LCDS) is an accredited independent coeducational pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade school located in Leesburg Virginia.
 The Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies (French: Institut de hautes études internationales et du développement abbreviated to IHEID) is a small postgraduate university located in Geneva Switzerland. In academic and professional circles the Graduate Institute is considered one of Europe's most prestigious institutions.
 Longburn Adventist College is an integrated co-educational Christian school in New Zealand for years 7 to 13. It is located just west of Palmerston North in the Manawatu District in the small dairy town of Longburn. From the 26 February 2009 the college had 291 pupils enrolled.
 The ESET Technical School of Engineering (acronym by which the Escuela Superior de Enseñanzas Técnicas - (E.S.E.T.) in Spanish) is the school of engineering of the CEU Cardinal Herrera University located in Alfara del Patriarca (Valencia) Spain. Currently the ESET School occupies a former industrial building converted character with 3000m2 for effect.
 Walthamstow Academy is a mixed secondary school and sixth form located in Walthamstow London. The school is sponsored by the United Learning Trust.
 Niles East High School was a public secondary school operated by Niles Township High Schools District 219 in Skokie Illinois between 1938 and 1980. Its sister schools Niles West High School and Niles North High School remain open.The school was known as Niles Township High School until Niles West High School opened in 1959.
 James A. Garfield High School is a public high school in the Seattle Public Schools district of Seattle Washington USA.Located along 23rd Avenue between E. Alder and E. Jefferson Streets in Seattle's urban Central District Garfield draws students from all over the city. Garfield is also one of two options for the district's Accelerated Progress Program for highly gifted students with the other being Ingraham International High School.
 Trinity College School (TCS) is a coeducational independent boarding/day school located in Port Hope Ontario Canada. TCS was founded on May 1 1865 more than 2 years prior to Canadian Confederation. It includes a Senior School for grades 9 to 12 and a Junior School for grades 5 to 8.Among its notable alumni (Old Boys) are The Honourable Mr.
 Meredith College is a liberal arts women's college located in Raleigh North Carolina. Meredith has about 2000 undergraduate students and 300 co-ed graduate students in evening programs. Meredith is the largest college for undergraduate women in the southeastern United States.[1] 89% of students come from in-state.[2]Since 2000 Meredith College has hosted Governor's School East each summer.
 The National Labor College is the only regionally accredited higher education institution in the United States devoted exclusively to educating union members and their families and union leaders and staff. It was established as a training center by the AFL-CIO in 1969 to strengthen union member education and organizing skills.
 ACG New Zealand International College (ACG NZIC) is a private school owned by the Academic Colleges Group New Zealand . The school's curriculum provides pathways to tertiary study for international students. It has premises in Auckland City in the central business district. The school has been restructured since the 2005 ERO review as part of an endeavour to provide better tuition for international students.
 The University of Florida College of Fine Arts (CFA) is the academic unit at the University of Florida for the fine arts. The college was officially established in 1975. The current dean is Lucinda Lavelli.
 Elizabethtown College is a small liberal arts college located in Elizabethtown Pennsylvania United States in Lancaster County. The school was founded in 1899 by members of the Church of the Brethren. It is commonly referred to as E-town and has an undergraduate student body population of approximately 1900.
 Greenbrier Episcopal School is an independent school located in Lewisburg West Virginia. GES was founded in 1999 by parents educators and community members. GES holds membership in the School and Student Service for Financial Aid (SSS). Subjects include Spanish Music Art Science Math from Kindergarten level to Algebra 1 Physical Education and World Cultures are offered.
 Stockholm Business School (SBS) is one of the largest academic departments at Stockholm University with around 3500 students and 100 researchers/lecturers. Through close ties with other academic departments and regular collaborations with key business actors the School has become a melting pot for interdisciplinary research and education generating new perspectives on current topics within business and beyond.
 The Wellington School is a private school in northwest Columbus Ohio established in 1982.The Wellington School is an independent coeducational preschool through grade 12 college-preparatory day school dedicated to preparing citizens who achieve lead and find fulfillment in a global community.
 The University College of Management Studies is a private university college in Accra and Kumasi Ghana. The school is affiliated with the School of Business of Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology Kumasi and the University of Education Winneba Kumasi Campus.
 Osseo Senior High school is a three year public high school located in Osseo Minnesota on 317 2nd Ave. NW.The principal is Dr. Robert Perdaems and the assistant principals are Diana Bledsoe and Ronnie King.
 The Victorian College for the Deaf (VCD) located on St Kilda Road in Melbourne Australia is Victoria's oldest deaf school opening in 1860. The Victorian College for the Deaf is Australia's only Prep to Year 12 Specialist in Deaf Education.Education is provided using a bilingual philosophy of teaching through Auslan the language of the Australian Deaf community and English as the second language. It has a significant role in the history of Australian Deaf culture.
 Bluestone High School is a public high school in Skipwith Virginia in Mecklenburg County. It is part of the Mecklenburg County Public Schools and according to the plaque in the school lobby officially opened on September 12 1955. Athletic teams compete in the Virginia High School League's AA James River District in Region B.
 De La Salle School is a Roman Catholic voluntary aided school located in Ghyllgrove near to The Upway Basildon Essex for boys and girls aged 11 to 16. The headteacher is Dr. Michael Curnock.
 Adolfo Camarillo High School is a high school located at 4660 Mission Oaks Boulevard in Camarillo California. It was recognized as a California Distinguished School in 1996 and in 2009 and a National Blue Ribbon School in 1998. It is part of the Oxnard Union High School District. The land was purchased for the school by Adolfo Camarillo for the construction of a high school. Its current principal is Glenn Lipman.
 Arizona School for the Arts is a non-profit public charter school in Phoenix Arizona. Emphasis is placed on a college preparatory curriculum and the performing arts.
 Austin Friars Saint Monica's School more commonly known as Austin Friars is a coeducational independent day school located in the City of Carlisle England. The Senior School provides secondary education for 350 boys and girls aged 11–18. There are 150 children aged 4–11 in the Junior School and the Nursery has places for 24 children aged 3–4.
 Karnataka Folklore University Haveri is a new Public university exclusively dedicated to the study and research of Folklore which is established in 2011 at Haveri district by the Government of Karnataka. First vice chancellor for the university is Prof. Ambalike Hiriyanna.
 Galen University is an independent university in Belize Central America with Sustainable Development as one its core values. Its main campus is located on the outskirts of San Ignacio in the Cayo District. The University is chartered and recognized by the Ministry of Education of the Government of Belize to offer degrees at undergraduate and graduate levels in educational programs such as business arts sciences and education.
 Testbourne Community School in Whitchurch Hampshire England has been a secondary school since the Victorian era and is a foundation school. It educates around 760 students aged 11–16. The Headteacher is currently Ruth Beasley who was appointed in July 2013 to succeed former Headteacher Hilary Jackson.
 Sohag University is an independent university in Egypt. It is located in Sohag on the eastern bank of the Nile.
 The Universidad de Sta. Isabel (USI) is a private Catholic Vincentian university owned and run by the Daughters of Charity in Naga City Philippines. It was established by the first five Daughters of Charity that arrived in the country (Philippines) in January 1868with Bishop of Caceres Most Rev. Francisco Gainza O.P. the founder of Colegio de Sta. Isabel (1867) through the royal order of Queen Isabella II of Spain.On April 12 1869 the school was inaugurated. Colegio de Sta.
 Devonshire Primary Academy is a coeducational primary school with academy status located in the Layton are of Blackpool Lancashire England.This school is located on Devonshire Road half-way between the residential area of Layton and Blackpool town centre. It was formerly known as Devonshire Road Junior School and then Devonshire Primary School before being renamed in 2013.
 Cresskill High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from Cresskill in Bergen County New Jersey United States operating as part of the Cresskill Public Schools. As of the 2010-11 school year the school had an enrollment of 561 students and 24.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis) for a student–teacher ratio of 22.90:1.
 Milestone College is an educational institution located at Uttara in Dhaka Bangladesh. The institution has school high school and college section.
 Hillsboro High School is a public secondary school in Hillsboro Kansas USA. It is one of three schools operated by Unified School District 410 and is the sole high school in the district for Hillsboro Lehigh and Durham.
 The University of Lisbon (UL) (Portuguese: Universidade de Lisboa pronounced: [univɨɾsiˈdad(ɨ) dɨ liʒˈboɐ]; Latin Universitas Olisiponensis) was a public university in Lisbon Portugal. It was founded in 1911 after the fall of the Portuguese monarchy and was later integrated in the new University of Lisbon along with the former Technical University of Lisbon. The history of a university in Lisbon dates back to the 13th century.
 Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College (GSVMMC or GSVM Medical College) is a medical college in Kanpur Uttar Pradesh.The college is named after Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi a great freedom fighter and journalist from Kanpur. The college has a large and distinguished faculty to support its missions of education research and clinical care. It is ranked fourth among the medical colleges in India.
 Issaquah Middle School is a middle school serving students in grades 6-8 in Issaquah Washington and Bellevue Washington as part of the Issaquah School District. Located in the vicinity of Issaquah Middle School is the Issaquah Community Center and Issaquah Creek as well as the older portion of downtown Issaquah along Front Street.
 The River Delta Unified School District is located in Sacramento County California USA. It extends into Solano and Yolo County.
 Newbury College is a college of further education in Newbury Berkshire for anyone aged 16 or over.
 Pacific High School is a high school in the San Bernardino City Unified School District located in San Bernardino California at the corner of Pacific Street and Perris Hill Street.
 The Central School of Art and Design was a public school of fine and applied arts in London England. It offered foundation and degree level courses. It was established in 1896 by the London County Council as the Central School of Arts and Crafts. Central became part of the London Institute in 1986 and in 1989 merged with Saint Martin's School of Art to form Central Saint Martins College of Arts and Design.
 The River Plate Basin University (in Spanish: Universidad de la Cuenca del Plata - UCP) is a non-profit private university founded in 1991. Located in the province of Corrientes Argentina it has an undergraduate enrollment of 1100 students and a graduate enrollment of 600.The university is focused primarily on social sciences and engineering. The undergraduates majors available are accountancy business administration law humanities.
 McGehee High School is a comprehensive public secondary school located in McGehee Arkansas United States. McGehee serves more than 500 students in grades 7 through 12. McGehee is one of two public high schools in Desha County and is the sole high school administered by the McGehee School District. The McGehee sports teams have won 18 state championships.
 Mountainview Elementary is an elementary school located in the city of Santa Clarita California USA. It is managed by the Saugus Union School District and educates in grades K-6.
 Bolpur College established in 1950 is a government affiliated college located at Bolpur in the Birbhum district of West Bengal. It is affiliated to University of Burdwan and teaches arts science and commerce.
 C. E. Byrd High School is a science and mathematics magnet and a Blue Ribbon School. In continuous operation since 1925 Byrd is the largest high school in Shreveport Louisiana.
 Oaks Park High School (OPHS) is a comprehensive secondary school and sixth form situated in the London Borough of Redbridge in east London and has around 2600 students and over 80 staff.Oaks Park's current GCSE results are marginally above the national average in England.
 The University of Talca (Spanish: Universidad de Talca) is a Chilean university located in the cities of Talca Curicó and Santiago. It is a derivative university one of the most important universities of the southern-central region of Chile and it's part of the Chilean Traditional Universities.
 Colby–Sawyer College is a private comprehensive baccalaureate college situated on a 200-acre (0.81 km2) campus in New London in the Lake Sunapee region of New Hampshire founded as a coeducational academy in 1837.
 The California Graduate School of Theology is an unaccredited institution of higher learning in Garden Grove California.
 Al-Hilal English School is a not-for-profit school in Manki Karnataka which was founded in 1989 by late Mr. Sawood Hajika and is managed by the Tarbiat Education Society. The school started off as a private venture but eventually partial control was passed to the Government. It covers ages 3 –18.
 The University of Pennsylvania School of Dental Medicine (commonly referred to as Penn Dental Medicine) is one of twelve graduate schools at the University of Pennsylvania an Ivy League university located in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Penn Dental Medicine has a history deeply rooted in forging precedents in dental education research and patient care.
 West Charlotte High School (also called Dub-C or WC) is a comprehensive high school in west Charlotte near Beatties Ford Road in Charlotte North Carolina. The school is state-funded.
 St Patrick's Technical College (officially St Patrick's Technical College Northern Adelaide but commonly known as St Pat's Tech St Patrick's St Pat's) is a technical college in the South Australian capital of Adelaide.
 Junior College Osaka Sangyo University (大阪産業大学短期大学部 Ōsaka Sangyō Daigaku Tanki Daigakubu) is a private junior college in Daitō Osaka Japan. It was established in 1950. It has been attached to Osaka Sangyo University since 1965.
 Eckington School is a very large comprehensive school in Eckington Derbyshire in England next to the B6056 road. It has around 1600 pupils.
 Drepung Monastery (Wylie: 'bras spungs dgon pa) (literally “Rice Heap” monastery) located at the foot of Mount Gephel is one of the great three Gelukpa university monasteries of Tibet.
 The Macon Early College high school is part of the Early College program located next to the greenway and public library. SCC is a partner in the program.As of 2008 it has been ranked 4th in the list of Americas best community colleges. It is one of the three high schools in the Macon area including Franklin High School and Union Academy.
 The Salem City School District is a public school district serving Salem and other parts of northern Columbiana County in the U.S. state of Ohio.Salem High School is the only high school in the district. The schools' sports teams are nicknamed the Quakers and the mascots are Quaker Sam and the Quaker Lady. The district's colors are red and black.
 Spearman High School is a public high school located in Spearman Texas (USA). It is part of the Spearman Independent School District located in southeastern Hansford County and classified as a 2A school by the UIL. In 2011 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Hunter High School was a non-denominational secondary school which served the Calderwood East Mains and parts of the St. Leonards and Stewartfield areas of the East Kilbride new town from 1963 to 2007. The school started as a four year Secondary school and was extended in 1966 prior to amalgamation with the old East Kilbride Village school to form a full six-year Comprehensive. In 2008 it merged with Claremont High School to form the new Calderglen High School.
 Hamilton Seventh-day Adventist Primary School is a primary school (years 1–8) in Hamilton Waikato Region New Zealand. It is owned by the Seventh-day Adventist church.
 Kendriya Vidyalaya No.1 Air Force Station Jalahalli West Bangalore is run by the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan an autonomous body formed by the Ministry of Human Resource Development Government of India New Delhi.Started in 1964 the Vidyalaya has classes from I to XII with an enrolment of 2300 with Science and Commerce streams at the Plus-Two level.The Vidyalaya is affiliated to CBSE and follows the 10+2 pattern of education.
 Bialystok University of Technology (Polish: Politechnika Białostocka) was opened on December 1 1949. It was preceded first by a technical college – the Evening College of Engineering in Białystok founded by the Polish Federation of Engineering Associations in 1949. It had two faculties: Electrical and Mechanical Engineering. In 1974 the College of Engineering was granted the status of a Technical University with 4 faculties and 3 inter-faculty departments.
 Princeton University School of Engineering and Applied Science is located in Princeton New Jersey United States. A school within Princeton University which is one of the eight universities of the Ivy League it provides undergraduate and graduate instruction in six departments: chemical and biological engineering civil and environmental engineering computer science electrical engineering mechanical and aerospace engineering and operations research and financial engineering.
 Sir Richard McBride Annex is a public elementary school in Vancouver British Columbia part of School District 39 Vancouver.
 Central Decatur Community School District is located in the county seat of Decatur County in the community of Leon Iowa. However the district contains students from Decatur City Garden Grove Grand River Davis City and Pleasanton. The district covers over 60% of Decatur County. Central Decatur Community Schools has roughly 750 students which has remained stable for the last 5 years. Students have a normal average score of 25 on their ACT and graduate over 95% of each class.
 Siena College of Taytay formerly St. Catherine Academy is a Kindergarten through post-secondary education institution located in Taytay Rizal Philippines. Founded in 1957 by the Dominican sisters it is one of six Dominican educational institutions in the Philippines. Its sister schools are Siena College Quezon City and Siena College San Jose del Monte Bulacan. It also offers education for the Third Order of Saint Dominic known as the Tertiaries.
 Army and Navy Academy is an internationally recognized college-preparatory boarding school for boys grades 7-12 that follows University of California standards for graduation and incorporates leadership training centered on its JROTC program.
 Westerville Central High School is a public high school located in Westerville Ohio northeast of Columbus Ohio. It is the newest of three high schools in the Westerville City School District opening in the fall of 2003.
 The Chinese Foundation Secondary School (CFSS Chinese: 中華基金中學) is a co-educational secondary school located at Siu Sai Wan in Hong Kong. It is a Direct Subsidy Scheme school. The current principal is Au Kwong Wing.	CFSS offers many[citation needed] extracurricular clubs including four sports.
 Parkland Magnet Middle School is a middle school currently located in Rockville Maryland that is part of the Montgomery County Public Schools system.It is part of the MCPS Middle School Magnet Consortium consisting of Parkland Magnet Middle School for Aerospace Technology A. Mario Loiederman Middle School for the Creative and Performing Arts and Argyle Magnet Middle School for Digital Design and Development. The original school building was being rebuilt and has been completed.
 The University of Buraimi (UOB) (Arabic: جامعة البريمي‎) is a private university in the Al Buraimi Governorate in the Northern part of Oman. The university was officially opened on 6 November 2010. The university claims to be officially affiliated with five prestigious European universities and offers programs under Omani and European control. However this claim is not substantiated.
 The International Institute for Asian Studies (IIAS) is a research and exchange platform based at Leiden University in the Netherlands. The objective of the institute is to encourage the multidisciplinary and comparative study of Asia and to promote national and international co-operation. It acts as an interface between academic and non-academic partners including cultural social and policy organisations.
 Salemwood School is a public primary school in Malden Massachusetts. It serves students in kindergarten through grade 8.
 Brummana High School is a private secondary school in Lebanon. It is located in the village of Brummana situated in Metn Mount Lebanon 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of the capital city Beirut.This school was established in 1873 by the Quaker Theophilus Waldmeier (a Swiss missionary). Historically Quakers were among the pioneers in developing a modern form of learner-centred education which prized the worth and development of the whole child and student.
 Caldwell Parish School Board is a school district headquartered in Columbia Louisiana United States.The district serves Caldwell Parish.
 Jacksonville University (JU) is a private university in Jacksonville Florida United States. The school was founded in 1934 as a two-year college and was known as Jacksonville Junior College until 1958 when it shifted its focus to four-year university degrees and adopted its present name.
 Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT) also referred to as NIT Nagpur formerly Regional College of Engineering Nagpur and Visvesvaraya Regional College of Engineering (VRCE) is an engineering institute in Nagpur Maharashtra in central India. The institute has been ranked among the best fifteen engineering colleges in India. The institute was established in June 1960 and later named in honor of engineer planner and statesman Sir Mokshagundam Visvesvaraya.
 Inverness Royal Academy (Scottish Gaelic: Acadamaidh Rìoghail Inbhir Nis) is a secondary school (comprehensive) located in the Culduthel area of Inverness Highland Scotland.
 The Batangas State University Jose P. Laurel Polytechnic College formerly Jose P. Laurel Sr. Memorial School of Arts and Trades is a local technology-based curriculum satellite campus of Batangas State University located in Malvar Batangas. It was established on June 15 1968 and later elevated into a college by the virtue of the Republic Act 7518 which was passed by the Philippine Congress on May 21 1992.
 École secondaire participative l'Agora is a public French-language alternative secondary school in Longueuil Quebec Canada. Its address is 482 Springfield Street in the borough of Greenfield Park. It offers concentrations in Drama Cinema and Popular music.
 National Institute of Technology Warangal (NIT Warangal or NITW) is a public engineering institute located in Warangal India. Formerly known as the Regional Engineering College Warangal (RECW) it is the first among the 17 Regional Engineering Colleges established in India and was in 1959 by the then Prime Minister Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru. The institute was renamed as the National Institute of Technology Warangal in September 2002.
 Eastern Hills High School is a four-year public high school in Fort Worth Texas United States. The school is educating students in grades 9–12 as part of the Fort Worth Independent School District. In an historical footnote the band from the school played Hail to the Chief during President John F.
 Malden High School is a public high school located in Malden Missouri. The school serves about 465 students in grades 7 to 12. It is part of the Malden R-1 School District.The school claimed itself to be in 2008 2009 and 2010 as one of America Best High Schools.[citation needed]
 Halifax Community College is a community college located in Weldon a town in Halifax County in North Carolina. Established in 1967 the college is one of the oldest in the North Carolina Community College System. It offers associate's degree programs and continuing education. It is also a member of the American Association of Community Colleges.
 St. Edward Central Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Elgin Illinois. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rockford and competes athletically in the Metro Suburban Conference.St. Edward Central Catholic was established in 1941 by the Adrian Dominican Sisters. It was named after St. Edward the Confessor and in honor of Bishop Edward Francis Hoban 2nd Bishop of the Rockford diocese.
 Fairfield High School is a public high school located in Fairfield Texas (USA) and is part of the Fairfield Independent School District which serves students in central Freestone County and classified as a 3A school by the UIL. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Clarendon High School (CHS) is an accredited comprehensive public high school located in Clarendon Arkansas United States. CHS provides secondary education for more than 250 students in grades 7 through 12. It is one of two public high schools in Monroe County and the sole high school administered by the Clarendon School District.
 Khon Kaen Wittayayon School (Thai: โรงเรียนขอนแก่นวิทยายน) is a public school located in downtown Khon Kaen Province Thailand. It admits secondary students (mathayom 1–6 equivalent to grades 7–12). Founded in 1897 as a boys' school for Khon Kaen Province it then became the first coeducational school in Khon Kaen. The school's former names were Khon Kaen (boys') School and That Wittayakhan Temple School. The first school principal was Mr. Tub Chimma.
 The University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing (also known as SON) is an undergraduate and graduate institution at the University of Pennsylvania located in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Since its establishment in 1935 the School of Nursing at Penn is currently the top-ranked private nursing institution in the nation. Penn Nursing sets a higher intellectual standard which is reinforced through an emphasis on science and research.
 Framwellgate School Durham is a large secondary school and sixth form located in the Framwellgate Moor area of Durham City County Durham England. It was granted academy status in 2011 and is now operating in this manner. The current Head Teacher is Alisdair Nicholas who was selected following the death of Joan Sjøvoll in January 2013.
 St. Mary High School was a private Roman Catholic high school in Jersey City New Jersey United States that operated as part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark until the school was closed in June 2011.As of the 2009-10 school year the school had an enrollment of 203 students and 12.8 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis) for a student–teacher ratio of 15.9.
 Woodbridge Senior High School is a public secondary school located in Lake Ridge (north-west of Woodbridge) Prince William County Virginia United States. The school was founded in 1964 in the Marumsco Hills Subdivision due to extensive development of the Woodbridge community by Cecil D. Hylton. Classes were originally held at 2201 York Drive (now Woodbridge Middle School). Classes moved to the current building (3001 Old Bridge Road) in 1974.
 Santa Clara High School is a comprehensive co-educational public high school located in Santa Clara California United States. It is one of four high schools in the Santa Clara Unified School District (SCUSD).
 The Filatov Institute is a school of higher learning and a large ophthalmology (eye) hospital in Odessa Ukraine. It was founded by Vladimir Filatov an academic ophthalmologist. Its mission is the study of eye diseases and injuries the training of ophthalmologists and the provision of eye care in Ukraine. The institute has 700 staff including 27 professors.
 Sailajananda Falguni Smriti Mahavidyalaya is one of the general degree colleges in Khayrasole in the Birbhum district West Bengal India. It offers undergraduate courses in arts. It is affiliated to University of Burdwan.It was established in 1998.
 Durham Johnston Comprehensive School is a secondary school in Durham UK.
 The Scranton School District is a large urban school district located in Scranton Pennsylvania. It serves the city of Scranton. Its current superintendent is William King. The district encompasses approximately 26 square miles. According to 2000 federal census data it serves a resident population of 73766.
 Anugrah Narayan College (popularly known as A N College) is a co-educational institution of the state of Bihar India. It is located in Patna the state capital city on a 13 acres (53000 m2) site. Affiliated to Magadh University the college was established in January 1956 and its first principal was Dr. Gorak Nath Sinha. The college has 22 undergraduate departments and 23 postgraduate departments.
 Desert Edge High School is a high school in Goodyear Arizona under the jurisdiction of the Agua Fria Union High School District.
 Elida High School located in Elida Ohio is part of Elida Local School District. The school athletic teams are known as the Bulldogs and the school colors are Black Orange and Gold.
 Douglas Anderson School of the Arts (commonly known as DA or DASOTA) is a magnet high school in the San Marco neighborhood of Jacksonville Florida. The school opened in the 1922 as a primary school specifically for African American students. The school is named after local civil rights activist Douglas Anderson. In 1985 the school was renovated into a magnet high school specializing in performing visual and language arts.
 L.V. Hightower High School is a secondary school (grades 9-12) located at 3333 Hurricane Lane Missouri City Texas United States.Hightower is administered by Fort Bend Independent School District and its mascot is Poseidon but they are known as the Hightower Hurricanes.Hightower serves parts of Missouri City.
 Bosmansdam High School was founded in 1971 in Bothasig a suburb of Cape Town and is a dual medium Afrikaans and English school. The school is state assisted and therefore like most other schools in South Africa it charges a set amount of money for its services. The school offers a wide variety of sporting and cultural activities.
 Independence High School (IHS) is a continuation school offered as an alternative option for students who are at risk of not graduating from their traditional comprehensive high school utilizing greater flexibility in instruction and smaller class sizes.IHS is located in Diamond Springs California and is a member of the El Dorado Union High School District (EDUHSD).
 The National University of Music Bucharest (Romanian: Universitatea Naţională de Muzică Bucureşti UNMB) is a university-level school of music located in Bucharest Romania. Established as a school of music in 1863 and reorganized as an academy in 1931 it has functioned as a public university since 2001. It also offered training in drama until 1950 when this function was taken over by two institutes which were later reunited as the UNATC.
 Bethany University was a four-year private Christian university located in Scotts Valley California in Santa Cruz County. It operated from 1919 until closing in 2011 and was endorsed by the Assemblies of God USA a Pentecostal denomination and was the denomination's oldest college at the time of its closure. It was formerly called Glad Tidings Bible Institute Bethany Bible College and Bethany College.
 Balvantray Mehta Vidya Bhawan Anguridevi Shersingh Memorial Academy (abbreviation BMVB ASMA) is a senior-secondary co-educational integrated English-medium public school located in the South district of New Delhi in Greater Kailash-II. The school aims to fulfil the vision and dream of Sher-E- Punjab Lala Lajpat Rai. The school is graded a model school by the Ministry of Human Resource Development Government of India in the field of integrated and inclusive education.
 N. K. Singh Memorial English Preparatory School (also English Preparatory High School) is a private boarding school in Nepal. It was founded by Narjit Kumar Singh in 1967. Its main campus is located in Minbhawan Baneshwor. It has a branch school at Lagan. Every year on 10 September the two campuses come together to celebrate its Founder Cum Foundation Day to commemorate the birthday of its late founder Principal N. K. Singh.
 Redland High School for Girls is a selective and independent non-denominational girls' school in the suburb of Redland Bristol England.
 The Grange School is an independent school near Northwich Cheshire England a member of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference.Originally founded in 1933 as a preparatory school in 1978 the school made the unusual progression to the opening of a secondary school and now teaches children of all school ages.The school is divided into three departments a Kindergarten a Junior School and a Senior School.
 The École Nationale Supérieure d'Agronomie et des Industries Alimentaires (ENSAIA) is a French grande école located in Vandoeuvre-lès-Nancy near Nancy in the Meurthe-et-Moselle département that specialises in biological and agricultural engineering.
 The Girard Academic Music Program (GAMP) is a magnet secondary school in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The school is operated by the School District of Philadelphia.GAMP covers grades five through twelve and offers many extracurricular activities including: concert band orchestra chamber strings jazz band concert choir high school and middle school choirs middle school band theatre productions instrumental lessons for beginners.
 South Delta Secondary (SDSS) is a public high school in Tsawwassen British Columbia Canada. There are approximately 1350 students enrolled in each grade 8 through 12 (as of 2012). Graduation rates in the years 2005 to 2010 vary between 95% and 99%.SDSS feeder schools include all the public Elementary Schools in Tsawwassen: South Park Cliff Drive Beach Grove English Bluff and Pebble Hill.
 Metea Valley High School is a high school in Aurora Illinois USA that opened in August 2009 in DuPage County. The school is one of four high schools operated by the Indian Prairie School District; the others are Waubonsie Valley High School also in Aurora Neuqua Valley High School in Naperville and Indian Plains also in Aurora.
 Los Olivos Elementary School District is a public school district based in Santa Barbara County California United States.
 Baldwin High School (BHS) is located at 155 Highway 49 West in Milledgeville Georgia USA. The original building opened in 1988 as a combination of Milledgeville's two former high schools Boddie High School and the original Baldwin High School. New additions since 2003 include a classroom wing a JROTC building and a Fine Arts Wing with more additions under construction. Baldwin is the only public high school in Baldwin County and the largest of the three total high schools.
 Carolina University of Theology or CUT is an accredited private Christian university located in Manassas Virginia United States offering theological degrees by Distance Learning. It is an affiliate and educational outreach ministry of 'Reconciliation Community Church' of the same locality.
 Moore County High School is a six-year public high school in Lynchburg Tennessee serving students in gardes 7–12 from Moore County Tennessee as part of the Moore County School District.As of the 2005-06 school year the school had an enrollment of 449 students and 29.8 classroom teachers (on a FTE basis for a student-teacher ratio of 15.1.
 Bede Polding College is a co-educational Catholic high school in South Windsor New South Wales Australia offering education from Year 7 to Year 12. It is a Diocesan high school serving the greater Hawkesbury region and the parishes of Windsor and Richmond. The school opened in 1986 with 110 pupils and a staff of 9. Over the years the College has grown in excess of 1200 pupils and a combined staff of 100. The school's patron is John Bede Polding.
 Chigwell School is a co-educational day and boarding independent school in Chigwell in the Epping Forest district of Essex England. It consists of a junior school (ages 7–11) senior school (ages 11–16) and sixth form. A pre-preparatory department for children aged 4–7 is planned for the 2013-14 academic year.The school is situated in 70 acres of land between Epping Forest and Hainault Forest ten miles from London.
 Pyeongtaek Mechanical and Technical High School is located at 564 Vision 1 dong Pyeongtaek Kyonggi-do Korea and it is public technical High school and one of Meister school.
 Oregon Coast Technology School known as ORCO TECH is a public charter school in North Bend Oregon United States. ORCO TECH serves students in grades 6-12; middle school students (grades 6-8) attend classes at North Bend Middle School while grades 9-12 attend classes at North Bend High School.
 Madeenathul Uloom Arabic College كلية مدينة العلوم العربية والإسلامية (Malayalam: മദീനത്തുല്‍ ഉലൂം അറബിക് കോളേജ് പുളിക്കല്‍ ) is an Arabic college affiliated to University of Calicut located at Pulikkal in Malappuram district Kerala.The college is offering afzal ul ulama preliminary BA (Afzal ul Ulama) and MA in Arabic.
 Anderson University is a selective private comprehensive university located in Anderson in the U.S. state of South Carolina offering bachelors masters and doctoral degrees in approximately 60 areas of study. Anderson is affiliated with the South Carolina Baptist Convention and accredited as a Level V institution by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
 Far Eastern University – Institute of Architecture and Fine Arts is one of the university's department that offers academic programs for the college students.
 Ingraham International High School is a public high school serving grades 9–12 located in the Haller Lake neighborhood of Seattle Washington USA. Opened in 1959 it is named after Edward Sturgis Ingraham the first superintendent of the Seattle Public Schools. Since 2002 Ingraham has been an International Baccalaureate school and also offers programs such as the Academy of Information Technology.
 Shūmei University (秀明大学 Shūmei Daigaku) is a private university in Japan. The main campus is located in Yachiyo Chiba and the headquarters is located in Nakano Tokyo. The university is originally founded as the Yachiyo International University in 1988.
 Woodland Middle School was a former middle school located in Duluth Minnesota. It served students from grades 6–8. The school had after school programs 3 days a week ranging from intramural sports to a stamping and scrapbooking club.Prior to becoming a middle school Woodland was a junior high school serving grades 7th 8th and 9th. The school was led by Mr.
 Pakistan School and College Kuwait (PS&C) is a school in Salmiya city Kuwait.The school is still known a Rumaithiya School.The school was established in 1960 by Mr Ibrahimm Yousuf Al Abdul Razzaq.He was presented with Sitara-e-Imtiaz by the Government of Pakistan in 1986 .
 Mashhad University of Medical Sciences (MUMS) is a medical school in Iran.
 Henry Ford II High School commonly called Ford by students and teachers alike is a public high school located in the Metropolitan Detroit region in the northern suburb of Sterling Heights Michigan. It is a part of Utica Community Schools. It offers Advanced Placement courses with 34% participation out of approximately 2000 students. In 2004 it was recognized as a Michigan Blue Ribbon Exemplary School.
 The Accademia di Belle Arti di Bari is a public tertiary academy of art in Bari Puglia Italy.Like other state art academies in Italy it became an autonomous degree-awarding institution under law no. 508 dated 21 December 1999 and falls under the Ministero dell'Istruzione dell'Universita e della Ricerca the Italian ministry of education and research.
 The Marine Institute of Memorial University of Newfoundland popularly referred to as the Marine Institute (MI) or simply Marine is a post-secondary ocean and marine polytechnic located in St. John's Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. It is affiliated with Memorial University of Newfoundland.The Marine Institute is considered the most comprehensive institution of its kind in North America with unique facilities such as a full ships bridge simulator and the world's largest flume tank.
 The Webber Independent School (formerly Bury Lawn School) is a coeducational independent school in Milton Keynes. The school teaches children from the age of 3 through to 18. As an independent school The Webber Independent School charges fees for attendance ranging between seven and ten thousand pounds per annum (depending on the child's age). Scholarships and bursaries are also offered.
 Killara High School is a co-educational public secondary school located on Koola Avenue in East Killara Sydney. Established in 1970 Killara High School is one of the highest performing comprehensive non-selective public schools in the state.
 Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences also RIMS is a medical institute located in Kadapa Srikakulam Ongole and Adilabad. It is affiliated to NTR University of Health Sciences.
 Christ's Dominion Academy is a private Classical Christian school in Summerville Pennsylvania affiliated with Living Church International. It offers kindergarten through 12th grade. The school was started in 2001 with 6 students and grew to around 20 for the 2008–2009 school year.
 Briscoe Lane Academy (formerly Briscoe Lane School) is a primary school with academy status located in Newton Heath Manchester. The school is mixed and non-denominational.
 Sir Richard McBride Elementary is a public elementary school in Vancouver British Columbia part of School District 39 Vancouver.
 Saint-Jean-de-Passy is a private catholic school located in the 16th arrondissement of Paris. It is one of the most reputed schools in France historical rival to Saint-Louis-de-Gonzague. It enrolls students from the first to the twelfth grades and a small number of postgraduates.
 St. Michael's College National School (SMC; Tamil: புனித மிக்கேல் கல்லூரி தேசியப் பாடசாலை) is a national school in Batticaloa Sri Lanka. Founded by French Jesuit missionnary Ferdinand Bonnel in 1873 it was nationalized in 1961.
 Brandon Hall School is metropolitan Atlanta Georgia's only independent coeducational college preparatory day and boarding school serving grades 5-12. Located within a lovely forested area along the Chattahoochee River in the Sandy Springs area of Atlanta the school offers a broad range of athletic and arts-oriented opportunities and a variety of multi-cultural and travel experiences. The school has approximately 170 students.
 Firth High School is located in Firth Idaho. The school colors are blue black and white. Firth has successful basketball football cross country and track programs. The boys varsity basketball team won four straight Idaho state class 2A championships from 2007 to 2010. Firth High school has many clubs including Key Club drama FFA FCCLA BPA gaming club and art.
 The Cambridge School of Weston (also known as CSW) is a private coeducational high school in Weston Massachusetts. Currently the school has approximately 330 students 25% of whom are boarding. The Head of School is Jane Moulding. The school's motto is Truthe and Gentil Deedes (from Chaucer Truthe and Gentil Dedes.) Its mascot is the Gryphon.
 San Lorenzo Val Unif Sch Dist is a public school district based in Santa Cruz County California United States.
 The Gilboa-Conesville Central School District is a small rural school located in the Northern Catskill Mountains. There are about 375 students in grades K–12 housed in one building in Gilboa Schoharie County New York.There are no villages nor towns within the school district. The town of Prattsville has the only village atmosphere in the district. Because no students live within walking distance of the school almost all take the school bus to school.
 Mill Hill School commonly referred to as Mill Hill is a coeducational independent day and boarding school located in Mill Hill London. A member of the HMC it is one of a handful of independent boarding schools in London. The school educates approximately 640 pupils spread across ten day and boarding houses.Dr. Dominic Luckett became headmaster at the start of the 2007–2008 academic year. He was previously deputy headmaster of Worth School.
 Wycliffe Hall is a Church of England theological college and a Permanent Private Hall of the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom. The college is named after John Wycliffe master of Balliol College Oxford in the 14th century.Founded in 1877 Wycliffe Hall provides theological training for candidates for ordained ministry in the Church of England as well as other Anglican and non-Anglican churches. The college also prepares people for lay ministry.
 The Booker Washington Institute (BWI) is a public post-secondary school in Kakata Margibi County Liberia. Founded in 1929 as the Booker Washington Agricultural and Industrial Institute it was the country's first agricultural and vocational school. BWI was founded with assistance from Americans and is named after American educator Booker T. Washington. Located east of the country's capital of Monrovia the school sits on a large rural campus and has about 1800 students.
 Brazosport College or BC is a public coeducational college located in Lake Jackson Texas in Greater Houston. The college was opened in 1968 and offers two-year and four-year degrees.
 Aquinas College Stockport Greater Manchester is a Roman Catholic sixth form college. It was established in 1980 on the site of St. Michael's Secondary School and is owned by the Diocese of Shrewsbury. The college is named after St. Thomas Aquinas.
 Oxford Hills Comprehensive High School is a public high school in South Paris Oxford County Maine. Part of Maine School Administrative District 17 the school serves Oxford South Paris Norway West Paris Waterford Hebron Harrison and Otisfield.
 Kwun Tong Kung Lok Government Secondary School (Chinese: 觀塘功樂官立中學; often abbreviated as KTKLGSS) is a boys school. It was founded in 1970. It is located at 90 Kung Lok Road Kwun Tong Kwun Tong Kowloon Hong Kong.
 The Kyiv National University of Construction and Architecture (KNUCA) — better known under its former name Kyiv Civil Engineering Institute (Russian: Киевский инженерно-строительный институт or КИСИ) — is the largest and most important building and architectural university of Ukraine located in the nation's capital Kiev. Post address: Kiev Povitroflotsky Avenue 31 03680
 King Juan Carlos University (Spanish: Universidad Rey Juan Carlos URJC) is one of the top universities of Spain. URJC is a Spanish public university located in the Southern area of the Community of Madrid (Spain) with four campuses at Móstoles Alcorcón Vicálvaro and Fuenlabrada.It's named after king Juan Carlos I of Spain. It was created in 1996 and has the Latin motto Non nova sed nove (Not new things but in a new way).
 Verbum Dei High School colloquially referred to as the Verb” is an all-male Catholic Jesuit college and career preparatory school complemented by a corporate internship program serving young men of Watts and the surrounding communities who are economically and academically under-served.
 The University of Vigo (Galician: Universidade de Vigo) is a public university located in the city of Vigo Galicia Spain.
 Institute of International Relations and Political Science (IIRPS) (Lithuanian: Vilniaus universiteto Tarptautinių santykių ir politikos mokslų institutas) is a branch of Vilnius University which prepares political science and international relations specialists and carries out policy research.
 St. Charles Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school near Laplace Louisiana. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New Orleans.
 Doon International Public School is an English medium primary and secondary school located at Maninagar in Ahmedabad India. It accepts pupils from all sections of society and prepares them for the secondary school certificate and the higher secondary school certificate examinations.
 Gibbs College – Livingston was a private two-year college in Livingston New Jersey. It was part of the Gibbs College group of private schools founded by Katherine Gibbs. At one time the Livingston campus had an annual enrollment of approximately 1000 students.
 Maranatha Bible School is a Conservative Mennonite institution located in Lansing Minnesota. It is affiliated with the Midwest Mennonite Fellowship.The winter Bible school has been identified as a contributing purpose for the formation of Midwest Mennonite Fellowship its parent affiliate. The school was founded in 1977 and opened in 1978. Maranatha's maximum capacity at any one time is 42 students.Classes are offered in three short winter and spring terms.
 Leiden University (Dutch: Universiteit Leiden) located in the city of Leiden is the oldest university in the Netherlands. The university was founded in 1575 by William Prince of Orange leader of the Dutch Revolt in the Eighty Years' War. The Dutch Royal Family and Leiden University still have a close relationship; Queens Juliana and Beatrix and King Willem-Alexander are all former students.
 Doctor of Psychology (Psy.D.) is a professional doctorate degree intended to prepare graduates for practice in psychology. Earning the degree was originally completed through one of two established training models for clinical psychology. However Psy.D.
 The Pamplin College of Business is one of Virginia Tech’s eight colleges. The college is named after Robert B. Pamplin and his son Robert B. Pamplin Jr. who have donated over $28 million to their alma mater. The college is consistently ranked as one of the top business schools in the country. In 2011-2012 the college consisted of 152 faculty members and 4168 students.
 The Pan American Christian Academy or PACA is a Protestant American school in São Paulo Brazil.Since 1960 the school provides an American-style of education that is based on a Christian foundation. PACA has served the local and international community of São Paulo Brazil by offering a college preparatory education. The school has a preschool program an elementary school middle school and high school.Over 340 students from fourteen nationalities are enrolled at PACA.
 Bachelor of Business Management (BBM) sometimes known as a Bachelor of Management Studies is an undergraduate program of three to five years. The BBM degree is designed to teach students the skills necessary to perform leadership roles in the business and corporate world.The degree is similar to a Bachelor in Business Administration but with a stronger emphasis on leadership and management skills.
 Gokhale Memorial Girls’ College is one of the oldest women's colleges in Kolkata India. The college offers undergraduate degrees and is affiliated to the University of Calcutta. The name commemorates Gopal Krishna Gokhale one of the founding social and political figures of the Indian Independence Movement. It is often regarded as one of the best colleges in Kolkata.
 SUN Area Technical Institute is a vocational education institution located in New Berlin Pennsylvania. SUN Area Technical Institute (often shortened to SUN Tech) provides technical education to high school students from local school districts including Lewisburg Mifflinburg Midd-West Shikellamy and Selinsgrove as well as day and evening adult education.
 Marystown Central High School is a public high school located in Marystown Newfoundland and Labrador.Funded by the federal government Marystown Central High School was opened in 1972. Funded by a Department of Regional Economic Expansion (DREE) grant it was considered to be a state of the art school and continues to be so today.
 The Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina whose full name in Spanish is Pontificia Universidad Católica Argentina Santa María de los Buenos Aires also known as Universidad Católica Argentina (UCA) is a university in Argentina with campuses in the cities of Buenos Aires Santa Fe Rosario Paraná Mendoza and Pergamino. The main campus is located in Puerto Madero one of the most modern neighborhoods of Buenos Aires.
 Hermann-Böse-Gymnasium (HBG) is a co-educational secondary school in Bremen Germany.
 Saint Francis High School founded in 1954 by the Brothers of Holy Cross is a Roman Catholic co-educational college preparatory secondary school located in Mountain View CA. The Brothers of Holy Cross serve both on the faculty and on the Board of Directors. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Jose in California.
 The Pakistan International School Al-Khobar more popularly known by its former name as the Saudi Arabian International School (Pakistani Section) (SAIS) due to its huge Pakistani student body and teaching staff is a school serving the Pakistani community of Eastern Province Saudi Arabia residing in the cities of Khobar Dammam Dhahran Thuqbah Ras Tanura Abqaiq and Jubail.
 The American Community School at Beirut also known as ACS Beirut (Arabic: مدرسة الجالية الأميركية في بيروت‎) is a private school located in Beirut the capital of Lebanon. It is an independent private coeducational institution offering education to students of all nationalities ranging from Preschool students aged from 3 years to High School Grade 12 of the type K-12. It offers the International Baccalaureate and the Lebanese Baccalaureate programs as well as its own college prep program.
 Saint Regis Falls Central School is a school in Franklin County New York that serves grades Pre-K to Grade 12. The Superintendent is Mrs. Donna André and the Principal is Mr. Marc Czadzeck.The school serves the towns of Dickinson Hopkinton Lawrence Santa Clara and Waverly.
 Atherton State High School (ASHS) is a co-educational state secondary school in Atherton Queensland. Possibly its most notable alumnus is the former Premier of Queensland Peter Beattie.
 Kun Shan University (KSU; Chinese: 崑山科技大學; pinyin: Kūnshān Kējì Dàxué) is a private university in Yongkang District Tainan Taiwan.
 Riddle High School is a public high school in Riddle Oregon United States.
 Osceola High School is a public school serving grades 9 through 12 in Osceola Polk County Wisconsin United States. The motto of Osceola High School is World class education with a small town feel. The small town of Osceola is located on the St. Croix River (Wisconsin-Minnesota).
 TRIO World School was established in 2007 in Sahakara Nagar in Bangalore India.It is a reputed International School offering IGCSE and AS  A levels.It is run by TRIO Vidyakkendra Private Ltd which is a subsidiary company of MCN group (A real estate company).
 </td></tr><tr><th scope=row style=text-align:left;>Website</th><td>www.sjp.ac.lk</td></tr></table>The University of Sri Jayewardenepura (Sinhala: ශ්‍රී ජයවර්ධනපුර විශ්වවිද්‍යාලය Tamil: ஸ்ரீ ஜயவர்தனபுர பல்கலைக்கழகம்) is a university in Sri Lanka. It is in Gangodawila Nugegoda near Sri Jayewardenepura Kotte the capital city. It was formed in 1958 out of the Vidyodaya Pirivena a Buddhist educational centre.
 Cambridge International School is coeducational international school for children aged 3 to 16 located in Cambridge Cambridgeshire England. The school was founded in 2006 and located to Cherry Hinton Hall in 2007. It is owned by the Sturdy family who also own Sancton Wood School and Holme Court School in Cambridge.Cambridge International School is divided into three school departments - Infants Juniors and Seniors.
 Coe-Brown Northwood Academy is a comprehensive secondary institution in Northwood New Hampshire United States. It serves all students from the towns of Strafford and Northwood and has agreements with the towns of Barrington and Nottingham. The school also accepts other students by application.
 Monash College has been preparing students for university for more than 20 years. Monash College specialise in academic and English pathway programs for students who aspire to study at Monash University or another leading Australian university.
 Mentone Grammar (formerly known as simply The Boys' Grammar in the local community) is an independent Anglican co-educational grammar school in Mentone a suburb of Melbourne Victoria Australia.
 Bakersfield City School District is a Pre-Kindergarten - 8th grade public school district in Bakersfield California. The district has 43 schools and serves the city of Bakersfield.
 The Branson School in Ross California is an academically focused private co-educational college-preparatory day school with 320 students enrolled in grades 9 through 12. Notable alumni include Julia Child Tony Hsieh Jonny Moseley Michael Froman and Jennifer Siebel. Edie Sedgwick the 1960s underground superstar briefly attended the school.[citation needed]
 Maktab Rendah Sains Mara Taiping commonly known as MRSM Taiping is a co-educational boarding school established in 1983 under Education and Training (Secondary) Division of MARA (Majlis Amanah Rakyat Malay for People's Trust Council). The campus is located in Taiping a town north-west of Perak Malaysia.
 The Kensington Proprietary Grammar School colloquially referred to as the Kensington School was an educational establishment founded in 1830 that is perhaps best remembered for being one of the founders of the Football Association in 1863.
 Fellow of the Royal Australian College of Physicians abbreviated as the post-nominal initials FRACP is a recognition of the completion of the prescribed postgraduate specialist training programme in internal adult or internal paediatric medicine of the Royal Australasian College of Physicians.
 Richmond Secondary School (commonly Richmond High School and RHS) is a public co-educational secondary school located in Richmond British Columbia Canada that educates approximately 1200 students from grades 8 to 12. Richmond Secondary is the only school in Richmond that offers the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme and is a magnet school in the region.
 Downsend School is a co-educational independent school for pupils aged between two and thirteen years. It is located in Ashtead Leatherhead and Epsom in Surrey UK. Founded in 1891 as a non-denominational preparatory school for boys since 1927 aged 8 to 13 it is now a school for boys and girls and takes on pupils from 6 to 13 years of age. Unusually the school does not have charitable status being run as a profitable business by Cognita Limited (chaired by Chris Woodhead).
 Pittsburg High School in Pittsburg Contra Costa County California is a suburban school serving all of Pittsburg. It has been in operation since 1924. Over 2200 students attend the school yearly. The school used to be divided into three campuses: East Campus Main Campus and North Campus but since the remodeling of the school the East campus has been torn down. Students of each grade (9-12) attend both North and Main campus.
 The term Bioconversion also known as biotransformation refers to the use of live organisms often microorganisms to carry out a chemical reaction that is more costly or not feasible nonbiologically. These organisms convert a substance to a chemically modified form. An example is the industrial production of cortisone.
 Mercy High School is an American private all-girls high school located in Burlingame California. Located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Francisco it is run by the Sisters of Mercy founded by Catherine McAuley and is located in Kohl Mansion.
 Hamilton Catholic High School opened up in 1909 on Dayton Street in Hamilton Ohio. The school originally served the young Catholic men of the area. The school closed in 1966 and its students were moved to the newly opened Father Stephen T. Badin High School. The former Hamilton Catholic High School building currently serves as the Hamilton Board of Education Office.
 The Hutton Honors College (or simply Hutton or HHC) is the honors program of Indiana University. The college was founded as the University Honors Division in 1966 with Warner Chapman as its director. It was renamed the Hutton Honors College in the fall of 2004 in honor of IU alumnus Edward Hutton. The college offers a range of small challenging courses along with a variety of extracurricular and service programs.
 The Rescue Union School District is a public agency in El Dorado County California USA. The district operates nine public schools. In the late 1980s the district began experiencing rapid growth in the student population due to areawide development; by 1990 when it consisted of four schools it began to plan for serving an enlarged population.
 Clayton Heights Secondary is a public high school in Surrey British Columbia and is a part of School District 36 Surrey.
 Baptist Theological Seminary is a Baptist seminary located in Jagannaickpur Church Square Kakinada in East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Nazareth High School is a public high school located in Nazareth Texas (USA). It is part of the Nazareth Independent School District located in east central Castro County and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Kilgore High School is a public high school located in the city of Kilgore Texas in Gregg County United States and classified as a 3A school by the UIL. It is a part of the Kilgore Independent School District located in southwest Gregg County. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Northwestern Visayan Colleges is a tertiary school in Kalibo Aklan. It was founded in 1948.NVC provides access to quality education.
 Maris Stella College in Negombo is one of the best and oldest Catholic Colleges in Sri Lanka founded by the Marist Brothers in 1922.
 Monsignor McClancy Memorial High School is a co-educational Catholic high school located in the East Elmhurst neighborhood of Queens New York. As of Fall 2012 the school started accepting young women. Founded by the Brothers of the Sacred Heart in 1956 Msgr. McClancy Memorial High School serves the Roman Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn and provides education for approximately 550 students from grades 9 to 12.
 Adelaide College of Divinity (ACD) is an accredited higher education provider offering diploma associate and bachelor degrees graduate diplomas master and doctoral degrees in ministry it is also a Registered Training Organisation offering certificates and a diploma.
 Bahria College Islamabad or BCI is a college located in Islamabad Pakistan.
 The National Technological University – Haedo Regional Faculty (Castilian:Universidad Tecnológica Nacional - Facultad Regional Haedo (UTN-FRH)) is an affiliate of the Universidad Tecnológica Nacional the leading institution of its type in Argentina. Located in Haedo a western suburb of Buenos Aires it was established in 1967 and offers academic degrees in the following subjects: Aeronautical Engineering Electronic Engineering Industrial Engineering Mechanical Engineering
 Morrin College the first anglophone institute of higher education in Quebec City Quebec Canada flourished between the years 1862 and 1902.
 James Pace High School is a school in Brownsville Texas. It is home to the Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement magnet program for the Brownsville Independent School District. In 2011 the school was rated Academically Acceptable by the Texas Education Agency.
 Algoma University (Algoma U) is a postsecondary institution in Sault Ste. Marie Ontario Canada offering undergraduate university degrees in more than 30 academic programs. The student population has increased substantially in recent years and Algoma now has about 1300 students. From its founding in 1967 until June 18 2008 Algoma was an affiliated college of Laurentian University in Sudbury and was officially known as Algoma University College.
 Linstead Primary & Junior High is an elementary school in Linstead Jamaica; one of oldest in the island. Despite several official name changes it has always been colloquially known as Linstead School.The school is attended by students from Linstead and many neighbouring communities. It operates a two shift system in order to accommodate the maximum possible number of students. The first shift is for Grades 1-6 the second for Grades 7-9.
 Macomb Community College is a community college with several locations in Michigan. Its headquarters are in Warren.
 Pleasant Valley School is a public school district based in Nevada County California United States.
 Desert Mountain High School (DMHS) opened in 1995 is in northeast Scottsdale Arizona and serves a community which strongly supports the school system.
 Notre Dame High School also known as Notre Dame Green Pond is a private Roman Catholic high school near Easton Pennsylvania United States in Bethlehem Township. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Allentown.
 Medfield High School (also known as Amos Clark Kingsbury High School) is a public high school (grades 9-12) located in Medfield Massachusetts part of Norfolk County Massachusetts. It is one of five public schools in the school system and the only public high school in Medfield. The student to faculty ratio at the high school is 14.4-1 which is consistent with the state average of 13.9-1. There are 898 students at the school 49.8% of which are male 50.2% female.
 Dicle University (Turkish: Dicle Üniversitesi Kurdish: Zanîngeha Dîcleyê) is a public university located on eastern side of the Tigris river. The university is one of the oldest and largest higher education institutions in southeastern Anatolia Turkey.Built on a twenty-seven-thousand-acre area in the eastern side of the historical city of Diyarbakır Dicle University takes its name from the river which splits the university from the city.
 Red Lodge High School serves several towns in Carbon County Montana including Red Lodge Luther and Washoe. Each school year approximately 200 students attend the school.Red Lodge High School is located near the northern end of Red Lodge adjacent to the sports fields and Beartooth Nature Center.
 Kanata Elementary is a public elementary school in Prince Rupert British Columbia part of School District 52 Prince Rupert.The school's name is an Iroquoian word which Canada's name is believed to originate from.Although the school's mailing address is on Ottawa Avenue the part of the road on which the school was meant to be located was never built and the school cannot be reached from Ottawa Ave.
 Chaplin High School is situated in Gweru Zimbabwe and was started in October 1902. It was started in a building of the Trinity Church Gwelo and first named as the Trinity Church School (1). The school caters for boys and girls from form 1–6 and has boarders and day scholars. There are two boarding houses for boys named Duthie House and Coghlan House while girls are housed in either Lenfesty House or Maitland House.
 Taib Mhiri is a secondary school in La Marsa district of Tunis in Tunisia.
 The UCL Ear Institute is an academic department of the Faculty of Brain Sciences of University College London (UCL) located in London United Kingdom. The Institute is based next to the Royal National Throat Nose and Ear Hospital the UK's largest ear nose and throat hospital on Gray's Inn Road in the Bloomsbury district of Central London.Together with the Royal National Throat Nose and Ear Hospital the Institute constitutes the largest centre for audiological research in Europe.
 Lourdes Mount College of Engineering & Technology (Tamil: லூர்துஸ் மவுண்ட் பொறியியல் மற்றும் தொழில்நுட்ப கல்லூரி) is a self-financing engineering college set up by the Chellammal Educational Trust in 2013 and located close to Marthandam on a scenic peaceful and green environment near the border between Kerala and Tamil Nadu. The college is approved by All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) New Delhi and affiliated to Anna University Chennai.
 The Guru Nanak Institute of Dental Sciences and Research (GNIDSR) is a private dental college located in Panihati (near Kolkata) in the Indian state of West Bengal. It is affiliated with the West Bengal University of Health Sciences and is recognised by Dental Council of India. It teaches Bachelor of Dental Science (BDS) and Master of Dental Science (MDS) courses.
 Vanderbilt University School of Nursing (VUSN) is one of the graduate schools of Vanderbilt University located in Nashville Tennessee. VUSN is continuous with the Vanderbilt University Medical Center which is known for its highly acclaimed teaching hospital and its groundbreaking efforts in electronic medical records. The School of Nursing is ranked along with the Vanderbilt University School of Medicine in the top 20 in the U.S. News & World Report rankings.
 Astoria High School is a public high school in Astoria Oregon. The school is located on the edge of Youngs Bay on the south side of town. The school's mascot is the Fighting Fisherman.
 St Catherine's College a Catholic secondary school for girls operates in the Wellington suburb Kilbirnie in New Zealand. It was founded in 1950 by the Sisters of Mercy. There was formerly a primary school on the site opened by the Sisters of Mercy in 1918. On 30 March 1983 St Catherine's College became an integrated school under the Private Schools Conditional Integration Act of 1975. The Board of Trustees was first elected in 1989 and is responsible for the governance of the College.
 St. Mary's Catholic High School (SMCHS) was established in the year 1968 by Father Eusebius Daveri.
 Segerstrom High School is a public high school in Santa Ana California and is part of the Santa Ana Unified School District (SAUSD). The school opened in fall of 2005 with a freshman and sophomore class. Wealthy landowner Henry Segerstrom - for whom Segerstrom High School is named - is a familiar name in Orange County.
 The Gifted Students' School (GSS) (Arabic: ثانوية الموهوبين‎) is a co-educational institution for gifted students in Baghdad Iraq. Every year talented students from all over Iraq apply to the school and IQ tests are administered. Fewer than twenty students are accepted by the school each year.
 Stella Maris School is a coeducational independent school in Heaton Mersey Stockport England founded in 1976. The school is open to all denominations and is a non profit making organisation. The school is registered with the Department for Education and Employment. It occupies a Victorian Grade II listed building on St John's Road which was formerly St.
 Jacksonville High School is a public high school located in Jacksonville Alabama serving grades 7-12. It is part of the Jacksonville City Schools system. Its colors are Navy Blue and Old Gold and its mascot is the Golden Eagle.The school was built on part of the site of the former Jacksonville Airport.
 Oblate School of Theology is a Catholic graduate school for theological studies in San Antonio Texas. It is located at 285 Oblate Drive San Antonio Texas 78216.Oblate is run by the Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate.
 Blackpool and The Fylde College is a further and higher education college in Lancashire England. It has 49 buildings spread over the towns of Blackpool St Annes Bispham and three locations in Fleetwood.
 South Ukrainian K. D. Ushynsky National Pedagogical University is a Ukrainian university in Odesa.Post address: 26 Staroportofrankivs'ka vul. Odesa Ukraina 65020
 The University of Montreal (French: Université de Montréal) (UdeM) is a public research university in Montreal Quebec Canada. The francophone institution comprises thirteen faculties more than sixty departments and two affiliated schools: the École Polytechnique (School of Engineering) and HEC Montréal (School of Business).
 New Bremen High School is a public high school in New Bremen Ohio. Located in Auglaize County it is the only high school in the New Bremen Local Schools district. Their nickname is the Cardinals and their colors are crimson and gold. They are a member of the Midwest Athletic Conference.
 Walkerville Collegiate Institute (W.C.I) is a secondary school (grades 9 through 12) located in the olde Walkerville area of Windsor Ontario and managed by the Greater Essex County District School Board. It is the home of the Walkerville Centre for the Creative Arts which has arts programs in Drama Dance Visual Arts Media and Vocal. All of the WCCA courses require students to audition to get into the program.
 Hoseo University is a private Christian university in Asan South Korea known for its large size 3.471074 km2.
 Bard High School Early College (BHSEC) is an alternative public secondary school in New York City United States that allows highly motivated and scholastically strong students to begin their college studies two years early. Students complete their high school requirements in two years and then embark on college work. After four years they receive both a Regents diploma and an associate's degree.
 The 145th Natural Science Lyceum officially known as Kiev natural-scientific lyceum No. 145 (Ukrainian: Київський природничо-науковий ліцей № 145) is a secondary educational institution Pechersk Raion of Kiev. Specialized disciplines include: physics mathematics computer science and chemistry.
 The National Defense University Information Resources Management College (NDU iCollege) is a U.S. Department of Defense graduate school working to inform leaders of the United States from the government and the private sector. A unit of the National Defense University (NDU) it is located at Fort McNair Washington DC.
 Westwind Preparatory Academy is a college preparatory public charter high school in Phoenix Arizona. It is operated by Westwind Children's Services a nonprofit operator of several other Phoenix-area charter schools dba Westwind Community Schools. The school opened in 1998. It received accreditation from North Central (NCA which has now merged with AdvancEd) in 2001 as a college preparatory high school.
 The University of Wisconsin Oshkosh (also known as UW Oshkosh) is a public university in Oshkosh Wisconsin USA. It is part of the University of Wisconsin System and offers both bachelor and master degrees. The University of Wisconsin Oshkosh is the third-largest university in Wisconsin.
 A transition phase between the Darling Downs Institute of Advanced Education and the University of Southern Queensland tertiary education facilities based at Darling Heights Toowoomba Queensland Australia.The UCSQ existed between 1990 and 1992.
 Lagos Business School (LBS) is the graduate business school of the Pan-Atlantic University Nigeria. LBS is located in Lekki Lagos Nigeria. The school offers a full-time MBA program Executive MBA program a doctoral program in Management and many executive education programs.
 Mansfield Senior High School is located in Mansfield Ohio USA. The school serves grades 9-12 and is part of the Mansfield City School District. The school enrolls 1389 students as of the 2006-2007 academic year. Their nickname is the Tygers.
 The American Academy Larnaca is a non-profit private school in Larnaca Cyprus offering pre-school to University entrance education. It is a selective co-educational independent school registered under the Private Schools’ Law 1971 of the Republic of Cyprus.The school was founded in 1908. The school motto is to grow and to serve.
 Northgate School District is diminutive suburban public school district located in Allegheny County Pennsylvania. It serves the communities Bellevue and Avalon Pennsylvania. Northgate School District encompasses approximately 1 square mile (2.6 km2). According to 2000 federal census data it serves a resident population of 13113. In 2009 the district residents' per capita income was $19001 while the median family income was $41896.
 Tumaini University Dar es Salaam College (TUMADARCo) is a constituent college of Tumaini University Makumira in Dar es Salaam Tanzania.
 The School of Education at the University of the West of England is part of the Faculty of Social Sciences and Humanities. Its origins lie in teacher training colleges at Redland and St Matthias which became part of the former Bristol Polytechnic in 1969. The dean of the school is Professor Ron Ritchie who is also an Assistant Vice-Chancellor of the University.
 Cyprus High School is a public high school located at 8623 West 3000 South in Magna Utah. Cyprus High opened its doors in 1918 and now has an enrollment of 1650. The current principal is Rob McDaniel as of the start of 2014. The mascot is the Cyprus Pirate.Cyprus High belongs to the Granite School District.Cyprus High School dates back to April 1918 when Cyprus High School first opened its doors. The auditorium was added in 1974 and the science building in 1978.
 Nanhai Experimental High School the Affiliated High School of South China Normal University (simplified Chinese: 华南师范大学附属中学南海实验高级中学; traditional Chinese: 華南師範大學附屬中學南海實驗高級中學; pinyin: huánán shīfàn dàxué fùshǔ zhōngxué nánhǎi shíyàn gāojí zhōngxué; French: Lycée Expérimental de Nanhai Rattaché à l'Univerité Normale de la Chine du Sud) is a campus in Nanhai District of the Affiliated High School of South China Normal University.
 The department of Mining Engineering at Bandung Islamic University (Unisba) was established in January 1979 by the Islamic Education Foundation (YPI) with the name of the People's Mining Department under the auspices of the Faculty Technology Development Society (FTPM) Unisba.
 Indiana Academy also known as IA is a Seventh-day Adventist secondary school located in Cicero Indiana. Indiana Academy is owned and operated by the Indiana Conference of Seventh-day Adventists and is one of many Adventist secondary educational institutions. The average class size is twenty-five students and the school has a graduation rate of 95%. On the IA campus students obtain a strong academic education and develop a good work ethic useful later in life.
 John Marshall High School is a high school located in the Los Feliz district of the City of Los Angeles at 3939 Tracy Street in Los Angeles California.Marshall which serves grades 9 through 12 is a part of the Los Angeles Unified School District.
 The Iceni Academy (formerly Hockwold and Methwold Community School) is an academy and sixth form for pupils aged 4 to 18 located over two sites in Norfolk England.The school was first formed as Hockwold and Methwold Community School in September 2011 from the merger of Hockwold Primary School and Methwold High school.
 Don Valley Academy (formerly Don Valley School and Performing Arts College) is a mixed 11–18 Academy located in Scawthorpe Doncaster South Yorkshire England. The school also has a Sixth Form centre.
 New Taipei Municipal Lin-kou Senior High School (LKSH; Chinese: 新北市立林口高級中學) previously National Linkou High School (國立林口高級中學) is a high school in Linkou District New Taipei City Taiwan. As of 2013 the principal is Lai Chun-chin.[citation needed]
 Central High School is a public co-educational secondary school in San Angelo Texas. It is part of the San Angelo Independent School District. The school serves grades 10-12 while a freshman campus serves grade 9. Its mascot is the Bobcat. The school serves much of San Angelo and the unincorporated community of Tankersley.
 Bedford College is a further education college located in Bedford Bedfordshire England. It is the principal further education provider in the Borough of Bedford and it is a member of the 157 Group of high performing schools.
 St. Mary's Catholic High School is a Roman Catholic high school in Woodstock Ontario Canada.
 Cardinal Spellman High School is a private college preparatory high school of Catholic denomination established in 1958 and located in Brockton Massachusetts. Like their fellow Catholic school and sports rival Archbishop Williams High School they operate separately from the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston. The school is named after Cardinal Francis Spellman.
 Tohoku International School (TIS) is a coeducational international school located in Sendai Japan. There are about 100 students from kindergarten (ages 4–5) to grade 12. TIS is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC). Tohoku International School's mission statement reads A community of learners preparing for life in an evolving global society.
 The Dr. Emilio B. Espinosa Sr. Memorial State College of Agriculture and Technology (DEBESMSCAT) is a state college located at Cabitan Mandaon Masbate Philippines. It operates in cooperation with LGU-Cawayan Masbate a Learning Site at Cawayan offering short-term vocational courses. The DEBESMSCAT Graduate School has Off-Campus Learning Sites at (1) Cataingan Masbate (2) San Jacinto Masbate (3) Cawayan Masbate and (4) Masbate City.
 Cwrt Sart Community Comprehensive is a school located in Briton Ferry Neath Wales. It is one of the many schools in Neath Port Talbot.
 The California State Board of Education is the governing and policy-making body of the California Department of Education. The State Board of Education sets K-12 education policy in the areas of standards instructional materials assessment and accountability. The State Board of Education adopts textbooks for grades K-8 adopts regulations to implement legislation and has authority to grant waivers of the Education Code.
 New Saint Andrews College is a classical Christian college located in Moscow Idaho. It was founded in 1994 and modeled in part on the curriculum of Harvard College of the seventeenth century. The college offers no undergraduate majors but follows a single integrated classical liberal arts curriculum from a Christian worldview in its associate's and bachelor's degree programs. The college also offers master's degrees in theology & letters and classical Christian studies.
 Southern New England School of Law (SNESL) was a non-profit law school located in North Dartmouth Massachusetts that operated from 1981 to 2010. At its closure its assets were donated to the University of Massachusetts system to become the basis for the University of Massachusetts School of Law.
 Denmark High School is a public high school located in Denmark Wisconsin. Serving grades 9 through 12 enrollment was estimated at 538 for the 2011-2012 school year.
 Blackfen School for Girls is a girls' secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in Blackfen in the London Borough of Bexley England. Although it is a girls school the sixth form over the past few years has become mixed. This is due to the partner school Hurstmere Foundation School having no sixth form so many pupils from Hurstmere join the sixth form in Blackfen school.[citation needed] The headmaster is currently Matthew Brown having previously been Louise Sharples.
 The University of Niš (Serbian: Универзитет у Нишу / Univerzitet u Nišu) is a university in Niš Serbia. It was founded in 1965 and it consists of 13 faculties with 1500 teachers 630 staff and extracurricular staff and around 30000 students. Since its foundation the university diploma has been acquired by more than 50000 students including 1300 foreigners.It has a university library Nikola Tesla; the Faculty of Technology is in Leskovac and the Teacher-Training Faculty in Vranje.
 The College of Arts and Sciences (CoAS) is one of the colleges at Drexel University. It was formed in 1990 when Drexel merged the two existing College of Sciences and College of Humanities together.
 The Jose J. Leido Jr. Memorial National High School or Lemnahis (short for Leido Memorial National High School) and formerly Oriental Mindoro High School is the flagship campus and the largest Public High School in Oriental Mindoro. It was established in 1921 and is located in San Vicente East Calapan City in Oriental Mindoro. It offers high school education from first year to fourth year. The school is headed by Dr. Nimrod Bantigue.
 W. P. Grier Middle School is a public middle school in the Gaston County Schools public school district located in Gastonia North Carolina United States.
 Agua Fria High School is located in Avondale Arizona. It is a part of the Agua Fria Union High School District and was its only school until 1999 when Millennium High School was built.It was established in 1928 as Litchfield Park High School. In 1956 the school relocated to Avondale and obtained its current name. In the 1982-83 school year it was honored as a Blue Ribbon school.
 Redan Middle School is a Public School located in Lithonia Central DeKalb County. It is owned and operated by the DeKalb County School System.Redan Middle School is Currently under the direction of Ms. Johnson-Reese and three assistant principal for each grade:6th grade Ms. Tucker7th grade Mr. Edward8th grade Mr. Wilkerson
 Brockton Preparatory School is an independent co-educational school located in the Lynn Valley neighbourhood of the district municipality of North Vancouver British Columbia Canada. It comprises both a Junior and a Middle School with students from Kindergarten to grade 5 and grades 6 to 10 respectively.
 Kuranui College is a state coeducational secondary school located in Greytown New Zealand. The college opened in February 1960 to replace the three district high schools in Greytown Featherston and Martinborough.
 Illinois Valley Central High School also known as Chillicothe IVC IVCHS or simply IVC is a public four-year high school located at 1300 West Sycamore Street in Chillicothe Illinois a city in Peoria County Illinois in the Midwestern United States. IVCHS serves the communities of Chillicothe Dunlap (small portion) Edelstein Mossville Peoria (small portion) and Rome.
 Tai Po Methodist School (Traditional Chinese: 大埔循道衛理小學; Jyutping: daai6 bou3 ceon4 dou6 wai6 lei5 siu2 hok6) which was founded in 1992 is the first Protestant full-time primary school belonging to the Methodist Church Hong Kong. There are 30 classes in total and about 1000 students and 47 teachers. Miss (In Traditional Chinese: 歐陽美嬋) is the current principal.
 Pacific Elem Sch Dist is a public school district based in Fresno County California United States.
 The Leyte Progressive High School is a private and non-sectarian academic institution. It is the oldest existing Chinese school in Tacloban City. It is colloquially known as Heng-hwa by the local Filipino-Chinese community.
 The American School of Dubai (ASD) previously known as the Jumeirah American School is located in the Al-Barsha community of Dubai United Arab Emirates.An independent not for profit community school ASD was founded in 1966 to serve the needs of North American families and other expatriate populations in Dubai.
 Galileo Academy of Science and Technology (formerly Galileo High School) is a public secondary school located in the Russian Hill and Marina District neighborhoods of San Francisco USA. The school is a part of the San Francisco Unified School District.
 Ridgeview Classical Schools or Ridgeview is a free public K-12 charter school located at 1800 South Lemay Larimer County Colorado Fort Collins Colorado USA. Ridgeview is chartered through the Poudre School District and serves approximately 760 students (2012). Ridgeview is accountable to its charter the local school district and the state of Colorado.
 Montrose Bay High School is a co-educational comprehensive state high school (Grades 7–10) with two campuses located in Rosetta and Claremont suburbs of the city of Glenorchy Tasmania on the banks of the Derwent River. Montrose Bay High was formed when Rosetta High School merged with Claremont High School in 2010.
 Central Virginia Community College CVCC is a two-year college located in Lynchburg Virginia and is part of the Virginia Community College System. Established in 1966 CVCC serves students at the main campus in Lynchburg or at one of the off-site centers in Amherst Appomattox Altavista and Bedford.
 Minnehaha Academy (often abbreviated MA) is a Christian private school in Minneapolis Minnesota for students in preschool through 12th grade and established in 1913. It is owned and operated by the Northwest Conference of the Evangelical Covenant Church and is located in the Cooper and Longfellow neighborhoods. The student body is drawn from Minneapolis St. Paul and throughout the Minneapolis–Saint Paul metropolitan area as well as several international students.
 FutureSkills High School is a co-educational independent school in Toronto Ontario Canada. They have opened a new campus on a 2 acres land in Richmond Hill Ontario. The school offers credit courses for students in grades 9 to 12 who seek their OSSD (Ontario Secondary School Diploma). The school is also an accredited TOEFL test center. International students can prepare for and take their TOEFL exam at their premises.
 Canadian Academy (CA) founded in 1913 is an independent pre-K–12 international school in Kobe Japan on the man-made Rokko Island; more than 35 nationalities are represented in its student body. Prior to its move to Rokko Island the school was located in Nagamine-dai a residential area located below Mt. Maya and Mt. Rokko and overlooking the city of Kobe for many decades.
 World College of Technology and Management (WCTM) is a private Engineering College offering both Management & Engineering courses located near Farrukhnagar in Gurgaon Haryana. It has a campus spread over 18 acres (72843.41 m2) of land. The College is affiliated to Maharshi Dayanand University Rohtak Haryana.
 Rochester High School is located in Rochester Hills Michigan United States and is part of the Rochester Community Schools. It was established in 1889 and classes have been held in the current facility since 1955.
 Carleton University is a comprehensive university located in the capital of Canada Ottawa Ontario. The enabling legislation is The Carleton University Act 1952 S.O. 1952. Originally founded on rented premises in 1942 Carleton would grow in size to meet the needs of returning World War II veterans and later became Ontario's first private non-denominational college.
 Central Bucks High School West is the oldest of the three high schools in the Central Bucks School District. CB West as it is commonly known is located in the Borough of Doylestown Pennsylvania in Bucks County. It was constructed in 1952 as the successor to Doylestown High School which later burned down.
 Century Pre-Cadet School is a kindergarten school in Jessore District Khulna Division Bangladesh.
 Claires Court School is a co-educational independent school situated in Maidenhead in Berkshire.
 The University of Washington School Of Drama is a degree-granting institution founded in 1940 as a division of the College of Arts and Sciences at the University of Washington located in Seattle Washington USA.It offers a Bachelor's degree and MFA degrees in directing design and acting. A Ph.D. in history theory and criticism is also offered. The MFA programs have outstanding reputations as top programs in the country.
 The University of Minnesota Law School located in Minneapolis Minnesota USA is a professional school of the University of Minnesota.
 Hawarden High School is an English language medium high school in Hawarden Flintshire North Wales. It is part of the Flintshire LEA.The school traces its history back to 1606 when a single-classroom grammar school was established with £300 left by a local resident named George Ledsham.In 1998 the school completed a £4m extension which provided a new school hall a sports centre extension expansion of the Technology department and a new drama studio as well as numerous other improvements.
 Bishop Anstey (High School) East 'BAHSE' for short is a public all-girls secondary school in Trinidad and Tobago. BAHSE is located in Trincity on College Avenue. The school's motto in 'Selflessly Serving Our Community' with their patron saint St. Clare in mind. The school uniform consists of a white blouse a striped tie containing the colours redgold and navy blue a navy blue skirt white socks black shoes and the school badge.
 Rock Island High School also known as Rocky is a public four-year high school located in Rock Island Illinois USA. Rocky is within the Rock Island-Milan School District No. 41 and the school colors are crimson and gold.
 Woodlands Community College is a mixed comprehensive school in east Southampton Hampshire in the south of England. Woodlands Community College was officially opened as a Specialist school for Science and Engineering by MP David Miliband on 14 September 2004.The most recent Ofsted inspection was on 10 October 2006. According to the Ofsted inspectors The leadership and management of the college are outstanding.
 Academy of Arts and Academics (A3) is a public high school in downtown Springfield Oregon United States. The school allows students the chance to pursue an education in the art form of their choice from visual to theatrical to music composition to many others. They also encourage the students to integrate their arts into the academic projects they do. At the end of each semester they showcase the academic projects they have been working on for the semester in a Confluence.
 Noblesville High School is a public high school in Noblesville Indiana United States. Opened in 1996 the school is the third for the city. The first two are still in use today for the city with the last high school becoming Noblesville Middle School. The school has approximately 2400 students in grades 9 to 12. The 2007-2008 school year marked the first year that Noblesville High School only supported grades 10 to 12 because of the Noblesville Freshman Campus which opened in 2007.
 Islampur College established in 1973 is the general degree college in Islampur in the Uttar Dinajpur district. It offers undergraduate courses in arts commerce and sciences. It is affiliated to University of North Bengal.
 Hesperia High School is a public four-year high school within the Hesperia Unified School District located in Hesperia San Bernardino County California. It is one of three comprehensive high schools in the district.The school currently is enrolled with less than 2000 students in grades 9–12. Twice has the school's student body swelled to 4000 forcing the HUSD to open Sultana High School in 1995 and Oak Hills High School in 2009.
 St. Benet Biscop High School is a renowned Roman Catholic selective high school in Bedlington Northumberland.
 University College Capital(Danish: Professionshøjskolen UCC) is one of eight new regional organizations of different study sites in Denmark (Danish: professionshøjskoler) offering bachelor courses of all kinds in Copenhagen and North Zealand. Profession School UCC was formed by the merger of Greater Copenhagen CVU and CVU Copenhagen & North Zealand.
 Spring Hill High School is a secondary school in Hope Arkansas United States. The school serves students in grades 7 through 12. It is one of two public high schools in Hope; the other is Hope High School and it is one of four high schools in Hempstead County. It is the sole high school in the Spring Hill School District.
 Harlem High School is a public secondary school and part of the Harlem School District 122 in Machesney Park Illinois USA. With approximately 2600 students it is located on two campuses (one main campus and one freshmen campus). Its sport teams are named the Harlem Huskies. The principal is Terrell Yarabrough.
 Lyons Creek Middle School (often referred to as Lyons Creek or LCMS for short) is a public middle school located in Coconut Creek Florida USA. Lyons Creek is a part of the Broward County Public Schools system and serves neighborhoods in Deerfield Beach Coconut Creek Coral Springs and Pompano Beach.As of 2012 the enrollment is 1897 and the school principal is Dr. Ted Toomer.
 Deulpota Bhagbat Balika Vidyalaya is the girls' school in the village Deulpota (Khejuri) of sub-division Contai Purba Medinipur West Bengal India. It is a girls' secondary school.The school follows the course curricula of West Bengal Board of Secondary Education (WBBSE) for standard 10th Board examinations.
 The Institute for Radium Research was an Austrian research institute associated with the Austrian Academy of Sciences Vienna. The Institute's researchers won multiple Nobel Prizes. With the decline of interest in radium the institute's name was changed in 1956.
 Spain Park High School is a public high school located in Hoover Alabama USA and is managed by the Hoover City School District. The school opened in the fall of 2001. The principal is Dr. Ken Jarnagin. The current enrollment at Spain Park is around 1450 students.
 HEC Management School – University of Liège (in French 'HEC-Ecole de Gestion de l'Université de Liège') is the graduate college of the University of Liège in the fields of economics finance business administration and management science & business engineering.The school of business HEC-ULg also covers among other things public economics & public finance accounting & tax insurance & actuarial science international business & economics marketing a wide range of foreign languages information management systems e-commerce real estate corporate finance environmental-green-&-ecological management portfolio administration financial risk engineering & asset management industrial economics sport & leisure business management financial markets & banking leadership tourismanagement entrepreneurship operations & production management applied sciences & technological management corporate strategy & governance econometrics supply chain management & logistics stock market analysis HR management ICT & business computing as well as not-for-profit & social development management. 
 Quaker Valley Middle School is a middle school in Sewickley Pennsylvania. The school has adopted the Pre AP Curricular Framework. QVMS is well known for an innovative laptop-technology grant received in 2000 from former Pennsylvania governor Tom Ridge. In 2001 the entire district was designated a Pennsylvania Digital School District.
 Carmel Adventist College is a Seventh-day Adventist secondary school in Carmel a suburb of Perth Western Australia. It is a co-educational day and boarding school for students from Years 7 to 12. Although it is run by the Seventh-day Adventist Church it is open to any student who wishes to study and learn within a Christian environment.
 Emmaus High School is a public high school located in Emmaus Pennsylvania in the United States. The school serves grades 9 through 12 in Pennsylvania's East Penn School District in the Lehigh Valley region of the state.Emmaus High School is located immediately off Cedar Crest Boulevard at 500 Macungie Avenue in Emmaus a borough to the southwest of Allentown Pennsylvania.
 Lambeth College is a Further Education college in the London Borough of Lambeth. It was formed in 1992 from three former institutions - Vauxhall College Brixton College of Further Education and South London College.
 Karpagam University is located in Coimbatore Tamil Nadu India.
 Lila Art High School (previously known as Lila Computer High School) is a high school in South Korea. A number of Korean celebrities have attended the school.[citation needed]
 Margaretta High School is a public high school in Castalia Ohio. It is the only high school in the Margaretta Local Schools district. They are members of the Sandusky Bay Conference.
 Lomax Magnet Elementary School is an magnet elementary school in Tampa Florida that focuses on mathematics science and technology and is recognized as a Gifted & Talent Development Academy Program. The school is in the Hillsborough County School District. The school services approximately 400 students in grades K-5.Lomax School initially opened in 1907. During its early years the school was directly connected to the Gilchrist Institute.
 Ambassador College (1947—1997) was a four-year liberal arts college run by the Worldwide Church of God. The college was established in 1947 in Pasadena California by radio evangelist Herbert W. Armstrong leader of what was then the Radio Church of God later renamed the Worldwide Church of God.
 The Cayman Islands Civil Service College (CICSC) is a school of higher education in the Cayman Islands. It was established in the Fall of 2007 to further New Public Management reforms as well as the learning and development needs of the Cayman Islands Civil Service and to carry out research within the Caribbean region. The CICSC currently offers a Certificate in Public Administration Associate Degree in Public Administration through the auspices of the University College of the Cayman Islands.
 The Commercial Road Primary School is located on the main road in Morwell Victoria Australia. It was founded in 1879 and has undergone a number of changes over the years.
 The University of Belgrade (Serbian: Универзитет у Београду / Univerzitet u Beogradu) is the oldest and largest university in Serbia.Founded in 1808 as the Belgrade Higher School in revolutionary Serbia by 1838 it merged with the Kragujevac-based departments into a single university.
 Greensboro College is a four-year independent coeducational liberal-arts college also offering four master's degrees located in Greensboro North Carolina United States and affiliated with the United Methodist Church. It was founded in 1838 by Rev. Hezekiah Gilbert Leigh. The college enrolls about 1250 students from 32 states the District of Columbia and 29 nations.
 LCVI is a secondary school in Lindsay Ontario.It is a part of the Trillium Lakelands District School Board. It was previously in the Victoria County Board of Education.
 The Iran University of Science and Technology (Persian: دانشگاه علم و صنعت ایران‎) is a research institution and university of engineering and science in Iran offering both undergraduate and postgraduate studies. Located on Hengam Street in the Narmak neighborhood in northeast Tehran IUST and its surrounding communities provide a cultural and recreational environment suited to the work of a major research institution.
 Middle East College is arguably one of Oman’s best private university colleges. The College is situated inside the technology hub of Oman The Knowledge Oasis Muscat (KOM) campus and is spread over 100000 sq meters in area.
 North Central High School is a four-year public high school in Spokane Washington part of the Spokane Public Schools. It opened in 1908 as the second high school in the city; the original structure was razed and the new building opened in 1981. Enrollment during the 2006-07 school year was 1610 in grades 9–12.Each year Newsweek magazine ranks the top public high schools in the nation when it comes preparing students for college and life. In 2009 NC ranked 692 in the nation.
 Heritage Christian Academy is an evangelical Christian school which educates children from Kindergarten Development class for four-year-olds through the high school grades. It is an outreach ministry of Grace Free Lutheran Church formerly Medicine Lake Lutheran Church to the Christian community (students from 80 different area churches attend this school). Heritage Christian Academy was founded in 1981 by members of Medicine Lake Lutheran Church as Medicine Lake Lutheran Academy.
 Suwannee High School is the larger of two high schools in Suwannee County Florida. It is located in Live Oak Florida and serves 1282 students in grades 9 through 12.
 Esher Church of England High School is a county-supported and church-supported secondary school in Esher Surrey England.
 Andrews Matriculation School is a co-educational school situated at Vickramasingapuram in the south Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Lymm High School is an secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in Lymm Warrington Cheshire.
 Point Loma High School is a public high school in the San Diego Unified School District in San Diego California. It is located in the Loma Portal neighborhood of Point Loma. The school serves the neighborhoods of Point Loma and Ocean Beach. In addition students who live in Mission Hills may choose to attend Point Loma High School as their neighborhood school. Point Loma is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC).
 Halton Hills Christian School (HHCS) is an independent Christian school located in Halton Hills Ontario Canada. HHCS is a member of the Ontario Alliance of Christian Schools.
 Oroville High School is located in the rural north valley at the base of the Sierra Nevada foothills about seventy miles north of Sacramento California. Founded in 1892 Oroville High School is the oldest high school in the district. The campus covers 4 acres (16000 m2). Of the 46 classrooms on campus five have full functioning computer labs.
 St. Mary's Catholic College is a school in Layton Blackpool Lancashire. The school was involved with the Building Schools for the Future (BSF) scheme and despite the scheme being cancelled it was announced in August 2010 that for this school it would go ahead.With more than 1800 pupils it is the largest Roman Catholic secondary school in Lancashire. The school is on the site of the former Convent of the Holy Child Jesus (usually known as Layton Hill Convent Blackpool) on St.
 The Cajal Institute (Spanish: Instituto de Neurobiología Ramón y Cajal) in Madrid is the largest neuroscience research center in Spain.The histologist Santiago Ramón y Cajal founded the Laboratorio de Investigaciones Biológicas in 1902 which later became the Instituto Cajal (Cajal Institute) upon his retirement in 1922.The scientific activities of the institute follow a multidisciplinary approach and focus on fundamental questions of the structure and function of the nervous system.
 Canandaigua Academy is the name of a high school (grades 9-12) located in Canandaigua New York USA which is part of the Canandaigua City School District. The school was named a national Blue Ribbon School of Excellence by the U.S. Department of Education in 1996. Lynn Erdle is the Superintendent of Schools. Vernon S. Tenney III (VST3) is the current principal of Canandaigua Academy.
 The School of Library Archival and Information Studies The iSchool@UBC (SLAIS or SLAIS The iSchool at UBC) at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver is a graduate school offering a Master of Archival Studies (MAS) a Master of Arts in Children's Literature (MACL) a Master of Library and Information Studies (MLIS) and a Doctor of Philosophy in Library Archival and Information Studies (Ph.D.).
 The Dinacharya Institute is a college specializing in teaching holistic medicine and Ayurveda to licensed professionals in the health and wellness fields. The Institute was founded by Dr.
 Barstow High School is a public high school located in Barstow California. Founded in 1915 the school soon expanded and relocated to its current location in 1938. The school serves about 3000 students in grades 9 to 12 from across the city as well as outlying areas. In recent years funding from the city has allowed the school to expand greatly including revamping of older buildings as well as the construction of a science lab and a gym.
 The Energy and Resources Institute commonly known as TERI (formerly Tata Energy Research Institute) established in 1974 is a research institute based in New Delhi focusing its research activities in the fields of energy environment and sustainable development.
 Khalsa High School Srinagar was established at its present location in 1942 and 1943.
 Clarke Road Secondary School is located at 300 Clarke Road in London Ontario. It is a part of the Thames Valley District School Board. The school was founded in 1956 and a major 14 million dollar renovation was completed in 1997. The student population at the school is very multicultural and a high priority is placed on respecting and encouraging ethnic diversity.
 Fort Thomas High School is a high school serving grades 7-12 in Fort Thomas Arizona. It is operated by the Fort Thomas Unified School District which also operates an elementary school. Combined the two schools have some 600 students; 93% of the student body is Native American. The original school building used since 1925 and renovated since was damaged in a 1959 fire and restored later in the year.
 Collège Édouard-Montpetit is a francophone CEGEP in Longueuil Quebec Canada. Approximately 7 300 (fall 2012) students are enrolled in the Longueuil and St-Hubert campuses. The College of General and Vocational Education is affiliated with the ACCC and CCAA.
 The Northeastern College is a tertiary education institution located in Santiago City Philippines. The College offers a range of degrees at both graduate and post-graduate level.
 The University of Louisville School of Medicine at the University of Louisville is a medical school located in Louisville Kentucky United States. Originally opened as the Louisville Medical Institute in 1837 it is one of the oldest medical schools in North America.
 Joliet Township High School District 204 (often shortened to JTHS) is a high school district located in Joliet in western Will County Illinois. Established in 1899 and founded in 1901 it is one of the area's oldest school districts.
 Hallmoor School is a special school in Kitts Green Birmingham England. It first opened in 1952 and it is still there today. The school is for young people with special educational needs from age 5 to 19.
 Fredonia High School is a high school in Fredonia Kansas under the jurisdiction of the Fredonia Unified School District which also includes Fredonia Middle School and Lincoln Elementary.
 Ganrapota High School(H.S.) is a state funded higher secondary boys' school in Ganrapota Bongaon North 24 Paraganas in the Indian state of West Bengal.The school is affiliated to West Bengal Board of Secondary Education for secondary education and West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education for higher secondery education.
 The Eladio Velez Art School also known as Eladio Vélez School is a high Art school technology Colombia private character.It was founded on February 2 1979 by the Society of Public Improvements of Itagüí. It is a school specializing in the artistic and cultural world. It also provides various social activities that help strengthen the art and culture of the city.
 St. Stephens High School is a high school located in Hickory North Carolina USA (Catawba County) and is part of the Catawba County School district.
 Honolulu Community College is a public co-educational commuter college in Honolulu Hawaiʻi.The campus is located at 874 Dillingham Bloulevard north of downtown Honolulu between Honolulu Harbor and the neighborhood of Kapālama.
 North Medford High School is a public high school in Medford Oregon United States. It is part of Medford School District and its mascot is the Black Tornado. It is the only school in America with the Black Tornado as a mascot.[citation needed]
 Shekou International School (蛇口国际学校 Shékǒu guójì xuéxiào) is a private not-for-profit international school located in Shekou Shenzhen Guangdong China. It serves students in Nursery through to Grade 12 across three campuses. Shekou International School is fully accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) and offers the IB Diploma program in the High School.
 The California Polytechnic State University College of Architecture and Environmental Design (or CAED) is one of Cal Poly San Luis Obispo's six colleges. Cal Poly's CAED program has nearly 1900 students and is one of the largest programs in the United States. The college offers bachelor's degrees in five departments as well as two master's degree programs.
 Lincoln University School of Law was a professional graduate school of Lincoln University (a historically Black university) which operated in St. Louis Missouri from September 20 1939 until it closed in 1955. Although Lincoln University’s campus was located in Jefferson City Missouri the law school was established in St. Louis because university officials believed that student enrollment would be better in an urban-centered program and that the St.
 Circular Head Christian School is an independent school in Circular Head North-Western Tasmania.Founded in 1985 with 20 students Circular Head Christian School serves families through the provision of Christ-centred education. It is a co-educational K-12 school which is a member of Christian Education national. The school currently has an enrolment of 370 students which is expected to reach 400 in the near future.
 Excel Engineering College (EEC) is established in 2007 at Pallakkapalayam Komarapalayam Namakkal Tamil Nadu India. It is affiliated to Anna University. It is a part of Excel Group Institutions which comprise of Excel College of Technology Excel College of Engineering and Technology Excel Polytechnic College Excel Business School and Excel College of Education.
 Butler County Community College (often referred to as BC3) is located in Butler Township Pennsylvania United States. Its motto is The Smart Place to Start referring to the large number of students who attend two years before transferring to other colleges.The college also offers courses in Cranberry Township as well as in Lawrence Mercer and Jefferson counties. More recently the college has begun to offer online classes.
 The Accademia di Belle Arti di Napoli (Naples Academy of Fine Arts) is a university-level art school in Naples. In the past it has been known as the Reale Istituto di Belle Arti and the Reale Accademia di Belle Arti. Founded by King Charles VII of Naples in 1752 it is one of the oldest art schools in Italy and offers various levels of study up to and including the equivalent of an Italian laurea (the country's main post-secondary academic degree).
 Wren Academy is a secondary school in North Finchley London. It was opened in 2008 starting with year 7 the first year.The recent Ofsted report branded the school as 'outstanding.'
 Bethany College of Missions or BCOM is a private Christian college focused on training missionaries since 1948. Bethany College of Missions offers a Bachelor of Arts in Intercultural Studies with minors in TEFL Early Childhood Development (Montessori) Social Entrepreneurship and Kingdom Justice; an Associate of Arts in Intercultural Ministry; a one-year Certificate in Bible and Missions and a one year Certificate in Pre-Field Preparation.
 Bachelor of Film and Television (usually BF&TV or BFTV) is an undergraduate bachelor's degree awarded to students who have studied elements of Filmmaking and Television production at a three-year accredited university. This degree is a relatively new degree program offered mainly in Australia and differs from most degrees by its practical focus.
 The University of West Los Angeles - School of Law (also referred to as UWLA - School of Law) is a private for-profit law school. It maintains two campuses in the Los Angeles metropolitan area in Inglewood (West Los Angeles) and Chatsworth (San Fernando Valley. The School of Law is accredited by the State Bar of California Committee of Bar Examiners. In the most recent California Bar Exam (February 2012) 12% of the school's alumni who took the exam passed.
 Lima Christian School is a private Christian school located in Lima New York. It serves grades kindergarten through 12.The school was founded in 1974 by Lima Baptist Church Pastor Noah Stoltzfus.
 James Monroe High School is located in Fredericksburg Virginia. It is a four-year public high school in the Fredericksburg City Schools system. The school is named after James Monroe. The current school building opened to students in September 2006. James Monroe High School is part of the VHSL AA Battlefield District.James Monroe High School is fully accredited by the Virginia State Department of Education.
 Rutgers School of Dental Medicine (formerly New Jersey Dental School) is one of several schools that form Rutgers Biomedical and Health Sciences. Established in 1956 the dental school is located in the University Heights neighborhood in city of Newark New Jersey and is one of only two public dental schools in the New York metropolitan area. Admission to RSDM is consistently highly competitive. Ninety students enrolled in the class of 2017 selected from over 2200 applicants.
 California School of Podiatric Medicine at Samuel Merritt University is a podiatric medical school based in Oakland California. It is one of nine podiatric medical schools in the United States. The college is accredited by the American Podiatric Medical Association's Council on Podiatric Medical Education (CPME).
 Rockwall Christian Academy is a private Christian school located in Rowlett Texas. The school was founded in 1987 and it educates about 180 students in kindergarten to grade 12.
 Delta High School (or DHS) is a high school in Richland Washington USA. It provides a STEM-based curriculum for students in grades 9-12 from three school districts in the Tri-Cities area. The school is operated as a collaborative effort by the Kennewick School District Pasco School District and Richland School District and in partnerships with a local skill center colleges and businesses. The school has been designated by the State of Washington as an Existing Innovative School.
 Columbia College is the oldest undergraduate college at Columbia University situated on the university's main campus in Morningside Heights in the borough of Manhattan in New York City. It was founded in 1754 by the Church of England as King's College receiving a Royal Charter from King George II of Great Britain. Columbia College is the oldest institution of higher learning in the state of New York and the fifth oldest in the United States. The college is highly selective in its admissions.
 Groveport Madison High School is a high school in Groveport Ohio. The school's mascot is the Cruiser a horse tamed by John Solomon Rarey.
 St Leonard's Catholic School is a voluntary aided Roman Catholic comprehensive school in Durham England.
 Hellenic College and the Holy Cross Greek Orthodox School of Theology (HCHC) is an Orthodox Christian liberal arts college and seminary in Brookline Massachusetts.
 ACG Tauranga will be a private coeducational secular non-selective uniformed day and boarding school located on the outskirts of Tauranga New Zealand. The school is owned and operated by Auckland-based private education company Academic Colleges Group.When opened in 2015 the school will offer places for 300 Year 1-9 students. From 2016 it will gradually be extended in two-year increments to be a full kindergarten-Year 13 day and boarding school with a role of 700 students.
 The Hildegard of Bingen Gymnasium (Hildegard-von-Bingen-Gymnasium) is a co-ed high school in the district of Sülz Cologne. It is named after the Benedictine Hildegard of Bingen.
 St John's Anglican College is a Anglican school in southwest Brisbane Australia which offers coeducation from Kindergarten to Year 12.
 Sequoyah Middle School is a public middle school in Auburn Washington USA and is part of the Federal Way School District. The school is named after Sequoyah a noted 19th Century Cherokee who created the Cherokee syllabary to write the Cherokee language the only recorded instance of an individual creating a new system of writing.
 The State University of New York at Canton (SUNY Canton) is a public coeducational residential college located on a spacious campus along the banks of the Grasse River in St. Lawrence County New York United States within the Town of Canton. Its northern location places SUNY Canton close to the Adirondack Mountains the St.
 San Ramon Valley High School is a four-year public high school located in the East Bay neighborhood of Danville California USA. San Ramon Valley High School is one of the schools in the San Ramon Valley Unified School District. It is a National Blue Ribbon school from the Blue Ribbon Schools Program as well as a California Distinguished School.SRVHS's cross town rival is Monte Vista High School.
 Tenri Health Care University (天理医療大学 Tenri Iryō Daigaku) is a private university in Tenri Nara Japan.
 Wicomico Middle School is a middle school located in Salisbury Wicomico County Maryland. It is part of the Wicomico County Public School system. It is one of four public middle schools in Wicomico County along with Mardela Middle and High School Bennett Middle School and Salisbury Middle School.
 Government Inter College Barabanki or GIC-Barabanki is one of the oldest middle schools of Barabanki city Uttar Pradesh India. It was established in 1883.GIC-Barabanki is governed by Uttar Pradesh Board of High School and Intermediate Education Allahabad.
 Beach Channel High School (BCHS) (also known as High School 410 or H.S. 410) is a high school in the public school system of New York City is located at 100-00 Beach Channel Drive in Rockaway Park in the borough of Queens. The school opened in 1973 and as of 2006 has an enrollment of 2175 students. The school was built on the edge of Jamaica Bay and has a private dock.
 Zambales National High School (Pambansang Mataas na Paaralan Ng Zambales) is located at Iba Zambales Philippines. Is the Premier school and Mother school in the Provine of Zambales it is One of the Oldest Secondary Schools in Central Luzon.Principal is Felita C.Pulido
 St Dominic's Priory School is an independent Catholic day school in the town of Stone Staffordshire halfway between Stoke-on-Trent and Stafford. The school buildings are set within the grounds of St Dominic’s Convent.
 Bullard High School is a public high school located on the southern edge of the city of Bullard Texas in Cherokee County United States and classified as a 3A school by the UIL. It is a part of the Bullard Independent School District that serves students in southern Smith County and northern Cherokee County. In 2013 the school was rated Met Standard by the Texas Education Agency.
 Sunnyslope High School is in the Glendale Union High School District in Phoenix Arizona and offers courses for grades 9–12.
 The European School of Economics (ESE) is a private business school which offers UK bachelors and masters degrees and specialised short programmes at its campuses in London New York Milan Rome Florence and Madrid. Specifically ESE students can earn a BBA (Hons) in Marketing Finance Management or Media and Communications; an MSc in Finance Management or Marketing; or an MBA in Business Administration.
 Makerere University School of Public Health (MUSPH) is one of the schools that constitute the Makerere University College of Health Sciences (MUCHS). The schools are: Makerere University School of Biomedical Sciences (MUSBS) Makerere University School of Health Sciences (MUSHS) Makerere University School of Medicine (MUSM) Makerere University School of Public Health (MUSPH)↑
 The Muriel Sutherland Snowden International School at Copley (formerly Copley High School) is a public high school located in Boston Massachusetts. Its international-themed curriculum was introduced by the school's namesake Ms. Muriel Sutherland Snowden in 1983.
 South San Francisco High School known colloquially as South City High is an American public high school located in South San Francisco California which serves grades 9-12 as part of the South San Francisco Unified School District (SSFUSD).
 Grombalia High School is one of the biggest and oldest Tunisian high schools; it opened its doors in 1964–1965. Today it revice 2518 students 177 teachers 19 supervisors 42 workers and 8 administrators.
 Salina High School Central often referred to as Salina Central is a fully accredited public high school located in Salina Kansas serving students in grades 9-12. The school was known as Salina High School before the opening of Salina High School South in 1971. Located at 650 East Crawford in the city of Salina the school is attended by USD305 students living north of Republic Avenue.
 Colleyville Heritage High School is a public secondary school in Colleyville a city in the Dallas-Fort Worth area in the U.S. state of Texas. The school is a part of the Grapevine-Colleyville Independent School District and serves students in Colleyville and surrounding area. In 2011 the school was rated Recognized by the Texas Education Agency.CHHS is located several miles west and in sight of the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport.
 The Patrician Secondary School in Newbridge County Kildare was founded on 26 August 1958 by the Patrician Brothers in Charlotte House Station Road. It is now situated on its own grounds opposite St Conleth's Parish Church.
 The Cripple Creek-Victor School District RE-1 is a public school district in Teller County Colorado USA based in Cripple Creek Colorado.
 Ridgemont High School. It is an Ottawa-Carleton District School Board secondary school in Ottawa Canada. The school is located at 2597 Alta Vista Drive in the Alta Vista neighbourhood of Ottawa. It is next door to St. Patrick's High School a Roman Catholic high school and Charles Hulse Elementary School also in the OCDSB.
 Ravena-Coeymans-Selkirk High School (technically Ravena-Coeymans-Selkirk Senior High School) is a small high school in Ravena New York about 9 miles south of Albany New York on U.S. Route 9W.It is known for its music performing arts football and basketball and it is located across the street from the Lafarge cement factory. RCS has numerous clubs including art Drama club French FBLA Key club and S.A.D.D.
 Media Arts and Communications Academy (or MACA) is a charter school located in McMinnville Oregon United States. MACA is a small tech focused college preparatory high school option for McMinnville School District students.
 Calvary Baptist School is a private Baptist school located in Menomonee Falls Wisconsin a suburb of Milwaukee. Calvary consists of preschool through twelfth grade and is one of the largest Christian schools in Wisconsin. It is a member of the American Association of Christian Schools.
 Streatham & Clapham High School is a successful independent day school for girls aged 3 to 18 situated in south London. The school was founded in 1887 by the Girls' Public Day School Company which aimed to establish schools for girls of all classes by providing a high standard of academic moral and religious education. The Head Master is Dr Millan Sachania a music scholar and late Bachelor Scholar of Christ's College Cambridge where he attained Double First Class Honours.
 Kingswood College is a school which offers primary and secondary education. It was started on Pavilion Street in Kandy Sri Lanka with 11 students. Later the school was moved to Randles Hills at Peradeniya Road. Since then the school has grown up to 3500 students and 200 faculty. The school was founded by L. E. Blaze on May 4 1891. It is one of the oldest schools in Kandy which is well known for its both academic and athletic achievements. The school is abbreviated as KCK.
 Red Oak High School is a 4A high school located in Red Oak Texas (US). It is part of the Red Oak Independent School District located in far north central Ellis County. In 2012 the school was rated Academically Acceptable by the Texas Education Agency.The Red Oak ISD has recently built a new facility for the school located west and across the street from the current school. The new school also connects to nearby Texas State Highway 342 the main north-south highway through Red Oak.
 San Carlos and San Ambrosio Seminary is a seminary in Havana Cuba. This building was erected by the Jesuits in the mid 18th century to house a seminary first founded in 1689. After the Jesuits were expelled in 1767 it was known as the St. Ambrose Seminary and in 1774 it was opened under the name St. Carlos and St. Ambrosio Royal School Seminary. It is also called St.
 Ryan Catholic College is a combined co-educational primary and secondary school in what is now the City of Townsville Queensland Australia. It was established by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Townsville in 1979. Ryan is the largest catholic school in Townsville.It currently has over 1900 enrolments and employs approximately 200 teachers. It is unique in the fact that students are not required to address their teachers by their prefixes and last names.
 White River High School is located on an 84-acre (34 ha) site just outside of Buckley Washington USA. Before 1949 it was known as Buckley High School but with a merger with Enumclaw High School in neighboring Enumclaw the school became known as White River. In 1952 the voters (especially the Chamber of Commerce) of the City of Enumclaw voted to form their own district.
 Western International School (WIS) is a private secondary school located in the heart of Phnom Penh. Staff members and teachers are mostly from the United States Canada and other English speaking countries. They focus on delivering to Cambodian students basic knowledge of English language western social and economical development and standards and advanced science and technology.The school opened in September 2003.
 Spur Independent School District is a public school district based in Spur Texas (USA).In addition to Spur the district also serves the community of McAdoo and a portion of Dickens as well as rural areas in western and southern Dickens County.
 Pine Bush High School is the central high school for the Pine Bush Central School District located on Route 302 in the hamlet of Pine Bush New York United States. Drawing over 2000 students from northwestern Orange County and the adjacent portions of Sullivan and Ulster counties.The school no longer offers the International Baccalaureate degree program. It had been authorized to do so since 2002.
 Walney School is a secondary school on Walney Island in Barrow-in-Furness Cumbria.As a result of the Education Act 1944 Walney Island needed to have its own secondary school. The present Sandy Gap site was agreed in 1951 and the school built.Lord Cavendish opened the school's new Sensory Garden in 2003.At GCSE and GNVQ the school is ranked 33rd out of the forty-seven secondary schools in Cumbria.
 Sir Alexander Mackenzie Secondary is a public high school in Hagensborg British Columbia part of School District 49 Central Coast. It was named after the Scottish-Canadian explorer Sir Alexander MacKenzie who was the first European to reach the Pacific Ocean overland.
 Asotin Junior-Senior High School locally referred to as Asotin High School or AHS is a four-year public high school located in Asotin Washington. The school has a population of 250-300 students and holds grades 9-12.The school districts mission statement is as follows: The Asotin-Anatone School District embraces the strengths of our community to develop responsible citizens and inspire life-long learning.The school mascot is the Panther. The school colors are orange black and white.
 East Jackson High School is a public high school located in southern Mid-Michigan in Jackson County. It currently contains approximately 506 students ranging from grades 7th through 12th.
 The University of Liverpool School of Archaeology Classics and Egyptology (also known as the SACE) is an internationally recognised centre for research in Archaeology Classics and Egyptology with 40 members of staff and over 400 students.
 Moti Babu Institute of Technology Forbesganj - MBIT has been established with a view to impart technical and professional education in the periphery of Forbesganj in Araria district. mbit is situated in area of 18 acres in the Mirdaul village Araria district and is 300 km from Patna. Bihar Industrial Area Development Authority(Biada) was instrumental in alloting land in Araria district.
 Freshwater Senior Campus or Freshie as it is locally known[citation needed] is a public co-educational senior high school and part of the Northern Beaches Secondary College. Although the campus is located within the suburb of Curl Curl the school takes the name from the nearby beach of Freshwater.[citation needed]The campus occupies the site former Freshwater High School.
 Gaylord High School is located in Gaylord Michigan United States. It is the fifth-largest high school in the Big North Athletic Conference serving approximately 1019 students in grades 9-12. This classifies it as a Class A high school. GHS is part of Gaylord Community Schools. Its location places it in the MHSAA's Big North Conference and the MSBOA's District II. GHS employs 53 teachers. As of 2011 the Principal is Mr. Mike Stefanski.
 Pompano Beach High School (formerly Pompano High School Pompano Beach Senior High School and The Pompano Beach High School Institute of International Studies) is a full magnet high school located in Pompano Beach Florida which instructs grades 9 through 12. Founded in 1928 it is the second oldest high school in the Broward School District.Pompano Beach High received an FCAT school grade of A for the 2012-2013 academic year.
 Lossiemouth High School is a secondary school in the coastal town of Lossiemouth Moray Scotland. The school's catchment area includes the nearby villages of Burghead Hopeman Cummingston and Duffus. The feeder primaries are Hythehill St. Gerardine's Hopeman and Burghead. There are over 650 pupils separated into four houses: Covesea Kinnedar Pitgaveny and Spynie. The school rector was Brenda Gifford who retired in 2012. Linda Brown is the current head of the school.
 San Luis Obispo High School also referred to as SLO High is an American public high school in San Luis Obispo California. It is the only non-continuation public high school within the city. The school is a member of the San Luis Coastal Unified School District (SLCUSD) and serves primarily students within San Luis Obispo. Before the school's addition of ninth grade the school was known as San Luis Obispo Senior High School.
 West Lancashire College (formerly Skelmersdale & Ormskirk College) is a further education college located over three sites in West Lancashire England. It is a constituent college of Newcastle College.
 Queensmill School is a coeducational special school for autistic children operating on two sites in London England. The primary school is at Clancarty Road in Fulham while the secondary school which opened in 2009 is at West Kensington. It was rated outstanding in all aspects for the 2010 Ofsted inspection.
 Sarada Vilas College located in the city of Mysore Karnataka India was established in the year 1945 as an Intermediate college. Seven years later it was upgraded as a Degree college. It now offers eight combinations encompassing physical as well as natural science all leading to the B.Sc. degree.
 Melior Community Academy is a coeducational secondary school with academy status located in Scunthorpe North Lincolnshire England. The school is sponsored by the School Partnership Trust Academies (SPTA).The school started as Thomas Sumpter School before amalgamating with South Leys Business & Enterprise College in September 2007 to form Melior Community College. In 2011 the school was rebuilt as part of the Building Schools for the Future programme.
 The University of Zimbabwe (UZ) in Harare is the oldest and largest university in Zimbabwe. It was founded through a special relationship with the University of London and it opened its doors to its first students in 1952. The university has ten faculties offering a wide variety of degree programmes and many specialist research centres and institutes. The university is accredited through the National Council for Higher Education under the Ministry of Higher and Tertiary Education.
 The Pernambuco Federal Institute of Education Science and Technology(Portuguese: Instituto Federal de Educação Ciência e Tecnologia de Pernambuco IFPE) is a Brazilian institution of higher education located in Pernambuco State Brazil. Its rectory is headquartered in Recife Pernambuco.The IFPE is one of the oldest and most traditional among the Federal Institutes it has 9 campuses and offers Technical undergraduate and postgraduate courses as well as researches and scientific production.
 The Academy of Aerospace and Engineering is a regional high school located at The Learning Corridor in Hartford Connecticut. The school's half-day program operates as Greater Hartford Academy of Mathematics And Science. It also has a partnering middle school located on the Berkin Campus at Bloomfield CT. It is run by the Capital Region Education Council (CREC) one of 6 Regional Educational Service Centers (RESC) in Connecticut.
 Sir Walter St John's was founded in 1700 for twenty boys of the village of Battersea. As the population and the English educational system changed so did the school. The school was colloquially known as Sinjuns.
 Ekiti State University of Ado Ekiti (EKSU) was established as Obafemi Awolowo University Ado-Ekiti on 30 March 1982 by the administration of late Chief Michael Adekunle Ajasin the first civilian governor of Ondo State. The university is a member of the Association of Commonwealth Universities.
 North Central Missouri College (formerly Trenton Junior College) is a junior college founded in 1925 in Trenton Missouri.
 Elmwood Park Memorial High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from Elmwood Park in Bergen County New Jersey United States operating as part of the Elmwood Park Public Schools.
 The UCL Institute of Archaeology is an academic department of the Social & Historical Sciences Faculty of University College London (UCL) England. It is one of the largest departments of archaeology in the world with over 80 members of academic staff and 500 students. In addition UCL Institute of Archaeology operates Archaeology South-East (Company) a large contracts division in southern England which provides professional archaeological services for public and private sector clients.
 Auckland Girls' Grammar School (AGGS) is a New Zealand secondary school for girls located in Newton in the Auckland central business district. Established in 1888 it is one of the oldest secondary institutions in the country.[citation needed] The school received the Goodman Fielder awards for School and Secondary School of the year in 2000.The main block is listed as a Category II Historic Place.
 Germanna Community College est. 1970 is a community college and member of the Virginia Community College System with campuses located in Locust Grove Fredericksburg Stafford and Culpeper. It takes its name from a settlement founded by Governor Alexander Spotswood for a group of German miners by the Rapidan River at what is now Germanna Ford.Germanna Community College is one of the twenty-three community colleges in Virginia that comprise the Virginia Community College System.
 Trenton Central High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from Trenton in Mercer County New Jersey United States operating as part of the Trenton Public Schools.As of the 2010-11 school year the school had an enrollment of 1400 students and 113.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis) for a student–teacher ratio of 12.39:1.
 Sullivan Upper School is a mixed cross-denominational voluntary grammar school in Holywood Northern Ireland and has approximately 1100 enrolled pupils. The school motto which is printed on all the school blazers is Lamh Foisdineach An Uachtar which is Irish for with the gentle hand foremost.
 Upson-Lee Middle School is a middle school in Thomaston Georgia. It is notable for being one of four Georgia Lighthouse Schools to Watch in both 2005 and 2008. It is part of the Thomaston-Upson School System.
 St Aloysius' College is a Roman Catholic boys-only state school in the London Borough of Islington North London. Each year around 180 pupils are admitted to Year 7 (aged 11 or 12) on the basis of examination however the local education authority also assigns students without a school to this school. It is the oldest surviving foundation of its kind in the Archdiocese of Westminster.
 Dr. K. N. Modi University is located in Newai Tonk District Rajasthan India.
 Moor Hall Primary School is a primary school for boys and girls aged 4–11 and is located in Sutton Coldfield Birmingham England. It is part of the Four Oaks Learning Trust of Excellence.
 Yu Da University (YDU; Chinese: 育達科技大學; pinyin: Yù Dá Kējì Dàxué) is a private university in Zaoqiao Township Miaoli County Taiwan.
 The Westover School often referred to simply as Westover is an independent college-preparatory day and boarding school for girls. Located in Middlebury Connecticut USA the school offers grades 9-12. The school was founded in 1909 by Mary Robbins Hillard and designed by noted female architect Theodate Pope Riddle.The school’s operating expenses are $10.6 million; parents friends and a base of 3497 alumnae raised $1507771 for the 2011-12 Annual Fund.
 Walnut Bend Elementary School is a primary school located in Houston Texas. As a result of a bond proposal passed in 2002 it has been completely rebuilt over the old school; it was the first LEED Green School in the Houston Independent School District.The school serves the Walnut Bend and Briargrove Park areas and a portion of Rivercrest.
 The Margaret Warner Graduate School of Education and Human Development is part of the University of Rochester located in Rochester New York.The Warner School prepares practitioners and scholars in the areas of teacher education counseling educational leadership (both preK-12 and higher education) human development and educational policy and theory.Warner graduates pursue leadership roles in educational institutions and professions as teachers administrators school counselors community agency counselors professors instructors or researchers in colleges and universities and human development professionals in a range of human service agencies as well as universities government agencies and research organizations.
 Sherman College of Chiropractic is a private college founded in 1973 offering the doctor of chiropractic degree that was named after Lyle Sherman. The college is home to approximately 200 students representing 26 states and 15 countries and has more than 3000 alumni around the world. Sherman college supports the straight vertebral subluxation-based focus as different from diagnosis and symptomatic treatment focus of mixed U.S. chiropractic schools.
 Certified Software Development Professional (CSDP) is a professional certification in software engineering conformal to ISO/IEC 24773. This certification is offered by the IEEE Computer Society to mid-career software development practitioners.
 Burlington Middle School is located in the city of Burlington Kansas. It occupies the Easternmost building in the northern education complex on the outer edge of the city limits. It is the only middle school in the USD 244 school district.
 Tyndale University College and Seminary is an accredited Christian institution of higher education in the Protestant Evangelical tradition located in Toronto Ontario Canada. Tyndale students come from over 40 different Christian denominations and more than 30 different ethnic groups. Tyndale offers undergraduate and graduate programs. A student residence is located on its main campus at 25 Ballyconner Court Toronto.
 Lincoln University is a private nonprofit nonsectarian university based in Oakland California. The university is located near the 12th Street BART station in downtown Oakland. It enrolls about 400 students in undergraduate and graduate level programs in business administration as well an English language program certificate programs and associate degrees.
 The Staatsexamen is a German government licensing examination that future doctors teachers pharmacists food chemists psychotherapists and jurists (i.e. lawyers judges tax advisors public prosecutors civil-law notaries) have to pass to be allowed to work in their profession. The examination is generally organized by government examination agencies which are under the authority of the responsible ministry.
 St. Joseph by-the-Sea High School (also known as SJS or Sea) is a co-educational Catholic school in the Huguenot neighborhood of Staten Island New York. Though technically an independent school it functions for all intents and purposes as a school of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York; though it has its own board of trustees. The school serves approximately 1400 young men and women in 9th 10th 11th and 12th grades.
 Prescott College is a private liberal arts college in Prescott Arizona founded in 1966 with the motto: For the Liberal Arts the Environment and Social Justice.
 Zographeion College (Greek: Ζωγράφεια Διδασκαλεία) was a Greek educational institution that operated from 1873 to 1891 in the village of Qestorat Ottoman Empire in modern southern Albania. It was named after its sponsor Christakis Zografos. In the 18 years of its existence it provided 400 teachers to the Greek schools of Epirus as well as to the rest of the Greek world.
 Katy High School is a high school located in Katy Texas United States and serves grades 9 through 12. It is a part of the Katy Independent School District. The school serves the City of Katy and the unincorporated Harris County community of Cimarron.
 Alma College is a private liberal arts college located in Alma Michigan United States. The enrollment is approximately 1400 students and the college is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools. The college's 13th President Dr. Jeff Abernathy assumed leadership on June 15 2010.Alma College offers four degrees (Bachelor of Arts Bachelor of Science Bachelor of Music and Bachelor of Fine Arts) in 28 majors.
 Cave Springs Public Schools is a K–12 school in rural southwestern Adair County Oklahoma. It was founded in 1926 by the consolidation of 3 K-8 schools and was originally named Union Grade School often abbreviated as UG. In the late 1940s the school's name was changed to Cave Springs the mascot was changed from the Indians to the Hornets and the colors from red and white to green and white. Cave Springs is 2½ miles north of Bunch Oklahoma.
 Grayson High School is located on the edge of Loganville Georgia and Grayson Georgia and has a population of over 3000 students. Grayson High School pulls from many areas of southern Gwinnett County mainly Grayson Lawrencevilleand Loganville.
 Big Walnut Middle School is the only middle school currently located in the Big Walnut Local School District (located in Sunbury Ohio). The new middle school hold grades 7-8.
 Kennedale High School is a public high school in Kennedale Texas. The only high school in the Kennedale Independent School District it serves students in Kennedale and a small part of Arlington. Its was rated in 2011 Recognized by the Texas Education Agency.
 Yeshiva Zichron Yaakov (ישיבה זכרון יעקב) was an all-male Jewish Orthodox high school located in New Hempstead New York which operated under the direction and leadership of Rabbi Eliyahu Maza. It closed in 2013.
 East 15 is a British drama school in Loughton Essex. The main Loughton campus occupies an 18th-century house Hatfields and has its own theatre the Corbett which is adjacent. The Corbett Theatre is an adaptation of a 15th-century barn. The re-building and equipping of the theatre was largely funded by the actor and alumnus of Joan Littlewood's Theatre Workshop Harry H. Corbett.
 Kent State University at Stark better known as Kent State University Stark and Kent State Stark is a public liberal arts university and the largest regional campus of Kent State University. Kent State Stark promotes environmental and social responsibility and was recognized on the President's Service Learning Honor Roll for 2006 2007 2008 and 2009.
 Lakers Public School & Collage commonly known as LPS is a private school located in Kathaltoli Rangamati Bangladesh. It is managed by the Bangladesh Army Rangamati Cantonment Rangamati. The school was established in 1991. It targets pupils from the Bangladesh armed forces and civilian communities in Rangamati city especially those living in the Rangamati area and its periphery.
 Brescia University is a coeducational Catholic university located in Owensboro Kentucky in the United States. Founded as a junior college for women it is now a coeducational university offering undergraduate and master's programs.
 Eagle Hill School is a private co-educational college preparatory boarding school for students with learning disabilities and Attention Deficit Disorder in Hardwick Massachusetts established in 1967. Related but independent schools of the same name were established in Greenwich and Southport Connecticut in 1975 and 1985 respectively.
 Instituto O'Higgins is a Catholic school founded in 1915 by four Marist Brothers Andrés Donato Cristobal and Salvador María. It's located in the center of Rancagua Chile.Originally the institute was exclusively for boys but since year 2000 girls have been allowed as well.The Instituto O'Higgins' students are known in the city as los Mochos which in local slang means cut short. This was first applied to the Marist Brothers said to be lacking something to become priests.
 The University of Panama was founded on October 7 1935 with a student body of 175 in the fields of Education Commerce Natural Sciences Pharmacy Pre-Engineering and Law. As of 2008 it maintains a student body of 74059 distributed in 228 buildings around the country.The University of Panama was founded under the administration of the President of the Republic Dr. Harmodio Arias Madrid. Its founder and first President was the distinguished citizen Dr.
 Seinan Gakuin University (西南学院大学 Seinan Gakuin Daigaku) is a Christian university in Fukuoka Japan. Seinan Gakuin founded in 1916 by Rev. C. K. Dozier a Southern Baptist missionary from the United States includes Samidori Day Nursery Maizuru Kindergarten a Junior/Senior High School as well as the University (Seinan Gakuin University). The chancellor of Seinan Gakuin is Yoshiki Terazono and Gary W.
 Earl Haig Secondary School is a public high school with a student body of about 2600 students in Toronto Ontario Canada. In addition to being a public secondary school the school is also host to The Claude Watson Arts Program an auditioned arts program integrated into the secondary school curriculum.
 The Creighton University School of Dentistry is an American school of dentistry located at Creighton University in the city of Omaha Nebraska United States. The dental school was one of the first in the United States and is widely known as the one of the top institutions in the nation.
 Michaëlle Jean Public School is a French immersion elementary public school located in Richmond Hill Ontario Canada in the York Region District School Board. The school is named after Governor General Michaëlle Jean and was opened in 2008 for grades 1–3 after overcrowding at the grade 1-8 French immersion school Beverley Acres.
 Ashlyns School is a school for pupils aged 11–18 in Berkhamsted Hertfordshire England. As of September 2013 Ashlyns School returned to the two-tier system (as a Secondary School)
 Donetsk National University (DonNU) (Russian: Донецкий национальный университет Ukrainian: Донецький національний університет Donets’kyi Natsional’nyi Universytet) is the leading higher educational institution in Donetsk Oblast Ukraine. The University's history starts in 1937 from the moment of creation of a pedagogical institute in Donetsk (then Stalino). In 1965 the Institute was transformed into Donetsk State University. It was accorded the National status in 2000.
 Tejgaon Government High School (formerly Tejgaon Polytechnic High School) is a school in Tejgaon area of Dhaka city. It was established in 1935.Tejgaon Government High School is going to celebrate its 75th anniversary on 23 January 2010 at Bangabandhu International Conference Center(China Bangladesh Friendship Conference Center) Tejgaon Dhaka. It established in 1935 and its one of the oldest school in Dhaka.
 Powers High School is a public high school in Powers Oregon United States.
 Cégep de Lévis-Lauzon is a CEGEP in Lévis Quebec Canada.
 Qingdao University of Science and Technology (simplified Chinese: 青岛科技大学; traditional Chinese: 青島科技大學; pinyin: Qīngdǎo Kējì Dàxué English acronym QUST) is a university located in Qingdao China colloquially known as Qingkeda (青科大). Having evolved from a college specializing in the chemical industry it is now a comprehensive multi-disciplinary university offering academic degrees in Science Technology Humanities Business Management Medicine Law and Arts.
 South Allegheny School District is a suburban public school district located in Allegheny County Pennsylvania. It serves the Pittsburgh suburbs of Port Vue Liberty Glassport and Lincoln. South Allegheny School District encompasses approximately 9 square miles. According to 2000 federal census data it serves a resident population of 13109. In 2009 the district residents' Per capita income was $16590 while the median family income was $38949.
 St Gabriel's Church of England Primary School is a school in the Pimlico district of Westminster London England. It is located within the Churchill Gardens estate and affiliated with the church of St Gabriel's Warwick Square.
 The University of London International Programmes is a division of the University of London that manages external study programmes.
 The Emerging Pathogens Institute is an interdisciplinary research institution associated with the University of Florida. The Institute is charged with fusing key disciplines to develop outreach education and research capabilities designed to preserve the region's health and economy and to prevent or contain new and re-emerging diseases.
 The Marymount University School of Business Administration is the business school of Marymount University. Its primary facility is located in the Ballston neighborhood of Arlington Virginia south of the main campus of Marymount University. The school also maintains an additional campus in the Reston neighborhood of Fairfax.
 J.M. Tate High School is a secondary school in Cantonment Florida USA. The school is part of the Escambia County School District.
 Edgehill College was a co-educational independent school situated in Bideford Devon. Founded in 1884 by the Bible Christian movement Edgehill was one of a number of independent schools owned by the Methodist Church of Great Britain and was sister-school to nearby Shebbear College. It was traditionally the principal girls' independent school in the area becoming co-educational in 1992.
 Alagappa Chettiar College of Engineering and Technology (ACCET-Karaikudi) is an autonomous (with effect from 2009) college of engineering in Karaikudi Tamil Nadu India. Established in 1952 it is under the control of the government of the State. The college is a member institute under the TEQIP - Technical Education Quality Improvement Programme in India (11 colleges were selected from Tamil Nadu).
 New Fairfield High School is the only secondary school within New Fairfield Connecticut. It enrolls approximately 1000 students annually. The current principal of New Fairfield High School is Mariana Coelho. The school was constructed in the 1970s with open classrooms that were retrofitted with walls in the 1980s. New Fairfield was ranked by Newsweek on its list of the top 1300 public high schools in the U.S. for 2007.
 Kerala Law Academy Law College (also Kerala Law Academy or popularly known as KLA) established in 1966 is a seat of excellence in legal education consultancy research and in pioneering law reforms. The Academy’s prestigious institute “the Kerala Law Academy Law College” is located in Trivandrum the capital city of Kerala India on a hill of sylvan splendour with a view of the Arabian Sea on one side and the Western Ghats on the other.
 Jotham W. Wakeman Public School Number 6 is a school in Jersey City New Jersey part of the Jersey City School District. It has existed since 1919. The school enrolls 858 preschool and elementary school students from grades pre-kindergarten through fifth grade.Its principal is Nicholas Capodice. Its vice principal is Ms. Luce.
 Northern University High School or Price Lab was a small public high school in Cedar Falls Iowa United States run by the University of Northern Iowa. It closed in July 2012 under controversy and university budget cuts and was mostly demolished in June 2013 save for the athletics Wing part of which was re-purposed into the UNI Childhood Development center previously housed in the building's east wing.
 Ormiston Ilkeston Enterprise Academy (OIEA) is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status located over two sites in Ilkeston in the English county of Derbyshire.OIEA is an amalgamation of two academies operated by the Ormiston Academies Trust. Ormiston Enterprise Academy on Bennerley Avenue was previously Bennerley Business and Enterprise College and Bennerley School before that.
 Scio High School is a public high school in Scio Oregon United States.
 For schools with a similar name see Harrison High School (disambiguation).Carl Harrison High School is a grades 9-12 public high school in Kennesaw Georgia. The school has scored above the state average for the Georgia High School Graduation Test since it was built in 1991. It has also achieved an AVID (Advancement Via Individual Determination) National Certification in which schools are evaluated annually on rigorous national standards.
 Beaufort Co-operative Academy (formerly Beaufort Community School) is a mixed-gender secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in Tuffley Gloucester Gloucestershire England. The number of pupils currently attending is approximately 1200. Principal David Bishop joined Beaufort in 2012 during the new academic year taking over from Malcolm Bride. After only a year of being principal Bishop has made significant changes to the school.
 Junius H Rose High School (known colloquially as J.H. Rose Rose High or simply Rose) is a comprehensive public high school in Greenville North Carolina in the Pitt County Schools system. Originally dedicated in 1957 on South Elm Street it moved to its present location on Arlington Boulevard (the former Greenville Middle School) in 1992. Students that made up the original student body came from the former Greenville High School in downtown Greenville.
 The Middlesex County Academy for Science Mathematics and Engineering Technologies is a four-year comprehensive career academy college preparatory magnet public high school located on the campus of the Middlesex County College in Edison in Middlesex County New Jersey United States operating as part of the Middlesex County Vocational and Technical Schools.
 The International School of The Hague (often abbreviated as ISH) is an international school located in the vicinity of Kijkduin The Hague.
 Mercer County Senior High School is a public secondary school located in Harrodsburg Kentucky. The school mascot is the Titan.
 Cornell NYC Tech is a planned university campus to be constructed on Roosevelt Island in the East River of New York City. The project includes a partnership between Cornell University and the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology.
 Eva Ingolf is a well known Icelandic violinist particularly recognized for her authoritative performances of solo works by J. S. Bach. She comes from a leading musical family and her father Ingólfur Guðbrandsson premiered many of the great choral works in Iceland and six of her sisters and brothers are professional musicians who have made an important contribution to the high quality of the musical life in the country.Eva Ingolf currently lives in New York City with her husband Kristinn Sv.
 Harley Peyton is an American television producer and writer. He worked in both capacities on Twin Peaks and was nominated for an Emmy Award for his writing on the series. He went to Harvard and Stanford.
 Geoffrey Alan Landis (born May 28 1955) is an American scientist working for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) on planetary exploration interstellar propulsion solar power and photovoltaics.
 Oliver Benjamin is an American journalist and author. He is best known for having founded the religion Dudeism.
 Maia Hirasawa (born May 5 1980) is a Swedish singer-songwriter of Swedish and Japanese parentage.She was born and raised in Sollentuna Stockholm Sweden but has lived for many years in Gothenburg. Maia became known through Annika Norlin's band Hello Saferide where she is a back-up singer. Her solo career began in early 2007 when the song And I Found This Boy started being played heavily on Swedish radio.
 Miss Dominique [as she is generally known as] born Dominique Michalon September 7 1978 in Sarcelles France is a French singer and second-place finalist of the fourth edition of Nouvelle Star [based version of Pop Idol]. Her parents are both Caribbean.
 Sheikh Riza Talabani (Şêx Rizayê Telebanî in Kurdish) (1835–1910) a celebrated Kurdish poet from Kirkuk Iraq. Talabani wrote his poetry in Kurdish Turkish Persian and Arabic.
 Anthony 'Tony' Barber (born 20 April 1963 North Middlesex Hospital Edmonton London England) is a former bassist of the British pop-punk band Buzzcocks.He was a member of post-punk band Lack of Knowledge between 1979 and 1985 and Boys Wonder between 1987 and 1988. He joined Buzzcocks in 1992.
 A.P. Younger; born Andrew Percy Younger (September 25 1890 – November 29 1931) was an American screenwriter. He wrote for 60 films between 1919 and 1931.He was born in Sacramento California and committed suicide on November 29 1931 in Hollywood California.
 Samuel Burl Sam Kinison (December 8 1953 – April 10 1992) was an American stand-up comedian and actor. Kinison was known for his intense harsh and politically incorrect humor. A former Pentecostal preacher he performed stand-up routines that were most often characterized by an intense style similar to enthusiastic preachers punctuated by his trademark scream. He died in a car accident on April 10 1992.
 Eddie Cleanhead Vinson (December 18 1917 – July 2 1988) was an American jump blues jazz bebop and R&B alto saxophonist and blues shouter. He was nicknamed Cleanhead after an incident in which his hair was accidentally destroyed by lye contained in a hair straightening product.
 Martin Adam Marty Friedman (born December 8 1962) is an American guitarist known for his tenure as the lead/rhythm guitarist for heavy metal band Megadeth which spanned nearly the full decade of the 1990s. Friedman has resided in Tokyo Japan since 2003 where he has hosted Japanese television programs such as Rock Fujiyama and Jukebox English.
 Isis Taylor (born October 23 1989 in San Francisco California) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress.
 Hill Zaini (born 13 October 1987) popularly known as Hill is a well-known Bruneian singer and actor.
 Alma Woodsey Thomas (September 22 1891 – February 24 1978) was an African-American Expressionist painter and art educator. She lived and worked primarily in Washington D.C. and the Washington Post described her as a force in the Washington Color School.
 Andrija Era Ojdanić (Serbian Cyrillic Ера Ојданић) is a Serbian folk singer.
 Winston Rodney OD (born 1 March 1945) better known by the stage name Burning Spear is a Jamaican roots reggae singer and musician. Burning Spear is a Rastafarian and one of the most influential and long-standing roots artists to emerge from the 1970s.
 Sergey Terentyevich Semyonov (Russian: Серге́й Терентьевич Семёнов) born March 28 1868 – died December 3 1922 was a Russian writer and a member of the Moscow literary group Sreda.
 Ged Quinn (born 1963 Liverpool) is an English artist and musician.
 Linda Andrews (born October 19 1973 in Tórshavn) is a Faroese singer who won the second season of the Danish version of The X Factor and became the first Faroese winner of it.
 Maurizio Lobina (born 30 October 1973 in Asti) is a keyboardist most known as a member of the band Eiffel 65 an Italian group who hit big in 1999 with the mega-hit Blue (Da Ba Dee). Lobina creating the melodies for the song Blue on a keyboard and asked vocalist Jeffrey Jey to come up with strange lyrics to accompany his piano riff.
 Kaaris (born Gnakouri Okou in Abidjan Côte d'Ivoire on 30 January 1980) is a French rapper signed with Tallac Records a label established by rapper Booba. Or noir his major album on Therapy Music / AZ / Universal Music was on 21 October 2013 after an initial success with Z.E.R.O in 2012.Originating from Sevran a northeastern suburb of Paris France born to Ivory Coast parents he started rapping in 1999 releasing his first mixtape in 2001.
 Adam Rittenberg is a blogger and sports journalist for ESPN's college football section dedicated to the Big Ten Conference in college football. Before 2008 when he joined ESPN he was a sports writer at Daily Herald (Arlington Heights) in Illinois. Rittenberg is a graduate of Northwestern University and resides near Chicago Illinois.
 Hiroshi Shima (島 比呂志 1918–2003 real name Kaoru Kishiue岸上 薫) was a Japanese novelist Hansen's disease patient and the chief editor of a literary coterie journal Kazan Chitai (Lava belt). His letter prompted a lawsuit resulting in the compensation due to the unconstitutionality of the Japanese leprosy prevention law.
 John Richard Hersey (June 17 1914 – March 24 1993) was a Pulitzer Prize-winning American writer and journalist considered one of the earliest practitioners of the so-called New Journalism in which storytelling techniques of fiction are adapted to non-fiction reportage.
 Zora Young (born January 21 1948 West Point Mississippi United States) is an American blues singer. She is a distant relative of Howlin' Wolf.Young's family moved to Chicago at age seven and sang gospel at the Greater Harvest Baptist Church. As an adult she began singing blues and R&B music and over the course of her career played with Junior Wells Jimmy Dawkins Bobby Rush Buddy Guy Albert King Professor Eddie Lusk and B. B. King.
 Helena Iren Michaelsen is a Norwegian soprano singer of the Dutch band Imperia and the solo project Angel.She was a former member of Sahara Dust (now Epica) and Trail of Tears.
 Roffe Ruff is a Swedish hip hop and ragga artist and music producer from Gothenburg. His real identity remains a secret and he always wears a skull mask in his appearances.
 Guiyeoni (born 1985 in Jae Chun South Korea) is the penname of Internet novelist Lee Yoon-sae. She first reached fame with her novels He Was Cool and Romance of Their Own which spawned commercially successful films of the same name as with another book A Wolf's Attraction. Since then one of her other books Do Re Mi Fa So La Ti Do has become a film starring Jang Keun Suk. A movie of To My Boyfriend is also in planning stages.
 Valery Ivanovich Jacobi (Russian: Валерий Иванович Якоби or Якобий; 15 May [O.S. 3May] 1834 Village Kudryakovo Kazan Governorate Russia - 13 May 1902 Nice France) was a Russian painter and an older brother of Pavel Jacobi (1842–1913) a notable revolutionary and ethnographer.
 Jerzy Matuszkiewicz (Polish pronunciation: [ˈjɛʐɨ matuʂˈkʲɛvit͡ʂ]) is a Polish jazz musician and composer. He was a pioneer of the post-WWII jazz movement in Poland. Between 1950-58 he was head of the well-known Polish jazz group Melomani. Throughout 1964 he performed both inside and outside of Poland. In 1965 he began to mainly produce music for movies and commercials. He currently resides in Warsaw Poland with his wife Grażyna.
 Sabrina Starke (born August 9 1979 Paramaribo Suriname) is a Surinamese-Dutch singer/songwriter from Rotterdam the Netherlands. Her style is a mix of soul folk rhythm & blues and jazz.
 Rebekah Del Rio (born 10 July 1967) is a Latin American singer/songwriter from San Diego California. After recording the song Llorando a Spanish-language version of Roy Orbison's Crying she moved to Nashville in 1994. There she was signed to Irving Azoff's label Giant Records and recorded her first album Nobody's Angel. The title track was released on a compilation album and made it to #2 on the singles charts in the Netherlands.
 Python Vladimir Anghelo (1954- died April 9 2014) was a graphic artist best known for his work on video games and pinball machines. Anghelo was born in Transylvania Romania and moved to the United States when he was 17.After studying art and animation in Romania and the US he worked as an animator for Disney until 1979.
 Maurice Galbraith Cullen (1866–1934) was a Canadian landscape artist born June 6 1866 in St. John's Newfoundland. who died March 28 1934 at Chambly Québec. Cullen was known for his winter landscapes.
 Faranak Margolese is a writer best known as the author of Off the Derech a book about contemporary assimilation in the Orthodox Jewish world.
 Rocco A. Rocke Mastroserio (born June 8 1927 died early March 1968) was an American comic book artist best known as a penciler and inker for Charlton Comics. He sometimes signed his work Rocke M. RM Rocke or RAM.
 Yoko Kanno (菅野 よう子 Kanno Yōko born March 18) is a composer arranger and musician best known for her work on the soundtracks for many anime films television series live-action films video games and advertisements. She was born in Sendai Miyagi Prefecture Japan.
 Jovan Dučić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јован Дучић pronounced [jǒʋan dûtʃitɕ]) (17 February 1871 – 7 April 1943) was a Bosnian Serb poet writer and diplomat.
 David Judson Clemmons is an American guitarist singer and songwriter originally from Virginia USA. He now lives in Berlin Germany.
 Edgar Yipsel Yip Harburg (born Isidore Hochberg Yiddish: איסידור הוכברג; April 8 1896 – March 5 1981) was an American popular song lyricist who worked with many well-known composers. He wrote the lyrics to the standards Brother Can You Spare a Dime? April in Paris and It's Only a Paper Moon as well as all of the songs in The Wizard of Oz including Over the Rainbow.
 Glenn Bolton better known by his stage name Daddy-O is an American hip hop record producer and rapper. He began his career as a member of the pioneer hip-hop group Stetsasonic with Prince Paul. Since then Daddy-O has become a record producer and remixer working with acts such as Freestyle Fellowship Mary J. Blige Queen Latifah Living Colour Big Daddy Kane the B-52's and the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
 Lisa Morpurgo Dordoni (Soncino (CR) 19 May 1923 - Milan 9 May 1998) was a writer and astrologer.Lisa gained a degree in literature at the Università Statale di Milano.She started to be interested in astrology while working as a translator for book publishers.Lisa was first intrigued by astrology while translating the French book  Lo Zodiaco - Segreti e sortilegi  by François-Régis BastideThe translation of this book about zodiacal signs peculiarities awakened her curiosity for astrology a matter up to that moment so distant from her cultural background. 
 Bahar Kızıl (born 5 October 1988) is a German singer-songwriter of Turkish origin best known as one of the founding members of the pop group Monrose which won the fifth season of the German version of Popstars. Born in Freiburg Baden-Württemberg Bahar Kızıl is from a Turkish family from Bayburt and her first name Bahar means spring (the season) in Turkish. At age twelve Kızıl started with ballet. In her town she sang before the Popstars casting with four different bands.
 Tchad Blake (born 1955) is an American record producer audio engineer mixer and musician.He has worked with numerous artists and musicians including State Radio Apartment 26 Elvis Costello Peter Gabriel Pearl Jam Tom Waits Richard Thompson Brazilian Girls Sheryl Crow November 2 T-Bone Burnett Travis Marike Jager Crowded House Finn Brothers Liam Finn The Pretenders Bernard Fanning Los Lobos The Bad Plus Sam Phillips Suzanne Vega The Bangles Stina Nordenstam Phish Bonnie Raitt Lisa Germano Fishbone Al Green Tracy Chapman Phantom Planet Gomez The Dandy Warhols American Music Club Jed Davis Blitzen Trapper Cibo Matto Haley Bonar David Rhodes The Black Keys Nico Vega Halloween Alaska Cheese People Kula Shaker and Soul Coughing Delta Spirit The Sheepdogs Clarance Bucaro Charlie Mars The Van Jets Indy Grotto RZA Nive Nielsen Mutemath Max Gomez Living In Question Justin Townes Earle Luella And The Suns Aṣa Nina Violet Tracy Bonham Little Fish Blackroc Gary Myrick and The Figures among others.Blake often partners with Mitchell Froom and the two formed Latin Playboys with David Hidalgo and Louie Pérez of Los Lobos.Blake is noted for creating original and at times awkward sonic textures (usually with unorthodox gear) constantly shifting mixes and use of binaural recording.Blake has won a number of Grammy Awards beginning with Best Engineered Album Non-Classical and Best Rock Album for Sheryl Crow's The Globe Sessions (1998). 
 James Morrison (born James Morrison Catchpole; 13 August 1984) is an English singer-songwriter and guitarist from Rugby Warwickshire. In 2006 his debut single You Give Me Something became a hit in Europe Australia and Japan peaking in the top five in the UK and claiming the number 1 spot in New Zealand. His debut album Undiscovered debuted at the top of the UK Albums Chart.
 Cezaro Rossetti (1901–1950) was a Scottish Esperanto writer.Of Italian-Swiss derivation he was born in Glasgow and lived in Britain. Together with his younger brother Reto Rossetti he learned Esperanto in 1928.
 Jonathan Patrick Lamas (born October 16 1974) is an American author writer and producer. In addition to his contributions as an automotive journalist for various automotive publications he is known for such books as Out On My Own and Sanctuary of Expression. He is also known for his musical contributions as vocalist and guitarist of several Los Angeles bands. In 2005 Lamas played a bit part in the independent film Mute directed by Melissa Joan Hart.
 Eric John Ernest Hobsbawm CH FBA FRSL (/ˈhɒbz.bɔːm/; 9 June 1917 – 1 October 2012) was a British Marxist historian of the rise of industrial capitalism socialism and nationalism.
 Ariane Daniela Forster (17 January 1962 – 20 October 2010) known by her stage name Ari Up was a German-born vocalist best known as a member of the English punk rock band The Slits.
 Mitch Merrett is a record producer music manager and country musician from Langley British Columbia Canada. He plays a Gibson Robot Guitar. He studied music at Selkirk College in Nelson graduating from the Contemporary Music and Technology program with a major in performance. In 2007 he and Tom McKillip were named Record Producers of the Year by the Canadian Country Music Association (CCMA) for their work on Aaron Pritchett's album Big Wheel.
 Jason Gilbert known by his nickname JG is a Caymanian record producer and songwriter. JG has produced for artists including Eminem Bad Meets Evil Akon Christina Aguilera and Taio Cruz. He is based in Miami Florida and Los Angeles California.In 2011 Gilbert won a Grammy Award for his production work on Eminem's Recovery album.Later in 2011 JG produced the first single off of Bad Meets Evil debut album. The single charted at #32 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Amanda Nicole Wilkinson is a Canadian country music singer. She was born January 17 1982 in Belleville Ontario Canada and was raised in nearby Trenton Ontario.
 Charles Perry (born July 11 1986) is an American pop/alternative singer and songwriter from Brooklyn New York. He is best known for his rendition of Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros' Home and his live performance on the 2012 BET Music Awards.
 Emma Tatham (1829-1855) was a 19th-century British poet. Although she is almost completely forgotten today she was regarded in the Victorian era as a prodigy and a poetic genius. She was born in London and was homeschooled. She began to write poetry at an early age and from the age of 16 to 18 she rapidly wrote an abundance of poems published later in the collection The Dream of Pythagoras and Other Poems.
 Jason Tom is a Chinese-American beatboxer entrepreneur and mentor based out of Honolulu Hawaii. He founded the Human Beatbox Academy to reach out to Hawaii's youth and communities. The Human Beatbox Academy is a Hawaii beatbox school and group based out of Kakaako at the Diverse Art Center. Jason has performed for TEDx Talk conferences in 2009 and 2011.
 Ralph David Foster (April 25 1893–August 11 1984) was an American broadcasting pioneer and philanthropist who created the framework for Springfield Missouri to challenge Nashville Tennessee as the nation's country music capital during the 1950s. His KWTO was a stepping-stone for many top country artists; and with his music businesses led to creation of Ozark Jubilee the first U.S. network television program to feature country's top stars.
 Ron Wood redirects here. For the baseball player see Ron Woods.Ronald David Ronnie Wood (born 1 June 1947) is an English rock musician songwriter singer and radio personality best known as a member of the Rolling Stones since 1975 as well as a former member of the Faces and the Jeff Beck Group.Wood began his career in 1964 when he joined the Birds on guitar.
 Francesco Jacovacci (Rome 1840- Rome 1908) was an Italian painter often painting historical canvases and costume genre pieces.
 Debra Soule born January 19 1965 is an American singer/songwriter originally from Minneapolis MN who is known for her powerful singing voice and her flaming red hair. In 2004 she moved to Nashville TN. She has released three CDs on her independent record label Sunhill Records.
 Hasegawa Nyozekan (長谷川 如是閑 November 30 1875 -November 11 1969) was the pen-name of Hasegawa Manjirō a Japanese social critic and journalist in the Taishō and Shōwa periods Japan. He was one of the most important and widely read supporters of liberalism and democracy in inter-war Japan.
 Serge Lang (June 6 1920–November 21 1999) was a French journalist alpine skier and the founder of the alpine skiing World Cup. As a journalist he covered alpine skiing cycling and other sports for five major publications. In the mid-1960s he envisioned a season-long series of ski races which became the World Cup skiing circuit. He continued to guide the growth of the World Cup and the sport of ski racing over the next two decades.
 Nigel Barr grew up as a member of the High Wycombe Salvation Army band. In 1980 he went to the Guildhall School of Music and studied trombone with Peter Gane and Denis Wick during that time he was also a member of International Staff Band (1980–82) playing bass trombone.Since then Barr has had a varied freelance career and several business ventures including setting up in 1982 which manufactured and distributed leather gig bags.
 Wen Shaoxian (Chinese: 溫紹賢) born 4 December 1934) also known as Wan Siu Yin is a literary writer famous for his short stories about the lives of the new immigrants from the mainland in Hong Kong. He is expert in writing political and historical novels. Wen is a translator and editor by profession and is also a professor of translation and comparative grammar.
 Enric Pladevall (Vic 1951) is a Catalan sculptor.
 Wojciech Gerson (July 1 1831 – February 25 1901) was a leading Polish painter of mid-19th century and one of the foremost representatives of the Polish school of Realism during the foreign Partitions of Poland. He served as long-time professor of the School of Fine Arts in Warsaw and taught future luminaries of Polish neo-romanticism including Józef Chełmoński Leon Wyczółkowski Władysław Podkowiński Józef Pankiewicz and Anna Bilińska-Bohdanowiczowa among others.
 Lisa Grunwald Adler (born 1959) is an American author.
 Praga Khan (born Maurice Joseph Francois Engelen) is a Belgian techno and originally new beat musician. Praga Khan is considered one of the leading pioneers of the Belgian originated new beat/acid house/hardcore electronic dance music scene. Praga Khan has also contributed to the theatrical scene with his musical collaborations in The Next Dimension and Code Red.
 Michel Teló (Brazilian Portuguese: [miˈʃɛw teˈlɔ]) (born January 21 1981) is a Brazilian sertanejo singer-songwriter. Before his solo act he was a lead singer in various bands most notably Grupo Tradição. His biggest national and international hit is Ai Se Eu Te Pego! a number one in most European countries Latin America and Quebec.
 Yukiro Dravarious (born August 23 1986) is a Swedish singer who lives and performs in Tokyo Japan. His singing act is described as unique never-seen-before over-the-top extravagant theatrical classical Gothic. He performs cover songs of popular Japanese visual kei bands as well as original music written by him. His first live was at Midnight Mess on July 31 2010. Zombie Maria is an on-stage dancer who joins Yukiro in his live performances.
 Daryl Crimp (born 1958) is a New Zealand writer illustrator and cartoonist.He specialises in books on fishing in New Zealand.
 Vince Mendoza (born November 17 1961) is a music arranger and composer.Mendoza was born in Connecticut and studied guitar as a child influenced by classical music soul and jazz. He then took up the trumpet which he continued to play throughout his time at Ohio State University where he played in the Jazz Ensemble and the Concert Band. He graduated with a Bachelor of Music degree in music composition in 1983.
 Òscar Vendrell Corrons (Barcelona 29 October 1973) is a proof-reader and author of textbooks and fiction works. He has signed some works under the pseudonym of Peter Walker.
 Ruth Sawyer (August 5 1880–June 3 1970) was an American storyteller and a writer of fiction and non-fiction for children and adults. She may be best known as the author of Roller Skates which won the 1937 Newbery Medal. She received the Laura Ingalls Wilder Award in 1965 for her lifetime achievement in children's literature.
 Danni Ashe (born January 16 1968) is the pseudonym of an American nude model and former erotic dancer who is the founder and former CEO of Danni's Hard Drive a pioneering adult web site. Ashe started her adult Internet site in 1995. She has been an industry advocate and testified before a government panel. Currently she is retired from modeling and has become an Arizona based photographer.
 Fionnuala Sherry (born 20 September 1962) is an Irish violinist and vocalist. She makes up the female part of the New Instrumental duo Secret Garden which won the Eurovision Song Contest 1995 with the predominantly instrumental piece Nocturne.
 Josh Pahigian is an American author who specializes in books and articles about baseball. He is particularly well known as an expert in the field of sports travel writing books on this topic as well as articles that have appeared in espn.com.
 Ron Silliman (born 5 August 1946 in Pasco Washington) is an American poet. He has written and edited over 30 books and has had his poetry and criticism translated into 12 languages. He is often associated with language poetry. Between 1979 and 2004 Silliman wrote a single poem The Alphabet. He has now begun writing a new poem Universe the first section of which appears to be called Revelator.
 Karen Alkalay-Gut (born 29 March 1945) is an award-winning poet professor and editor who lives in Israel and writes in English.
 Malini Murjani is a Manhattan-based accessories designer. She is the daughter of fashion mogul Mohan Murjani. Malini's handbags and belts can be found in Bergdorf Goodman Saks and Bloomingdale's.
 Daniel Lawrence Newman PhD (born 1963) is a British writer scholar and translator of Arabic literature. Newman is currently the head of the Arabic department at the University of Durham and Director of the MA programme in English-Arabic Translation and Interpreting.
 Phillip William Phil Seamen (28 August 1926 in Burton-on-Trent – 13 October 1972) was an English jazz drummer.With a solid background in big band music Seamen played and recorded in a wide range of musical contexts with virtually every key figure of 1950s and 1960s British jazz. Notable examples included Joe Harriott Tubby Hayes Stan Tracey Ronnie Scott Dick Morrissey Harold McNair Don Rendell Victor Feldman Dizzy Reece Tony Coe Tony Lee and George Chisholm to name but a few.
 Peter John Bellotte (born 28 August 1943) is a British songwriter and record producer most famous for hismain body of work with Donna Summer alongside his partner Giorgio Moroder. Among his list of artists produced and written for are Janet Jackson Elton John Cliff Richard Shalamar Tina Turner Mireille Mathieu The Three Degrees and Melba Moore.His greatest success is Hot Stuff which has been covered by numerous artists.
 Ahmad Toryalai Zahir (Persian: احمد ظاهر‎ – Aḥmad Zāhir; 14 June 1946 – 14 June 1979) was a singer songwriter and composer from Afghanistan. He is widely considered an icon of Afghan music and is sometimes called the King of Afghan music. His songs are mostly in Persian and based on well-recognized Persian poems although a few are in Pashto and English. Several of his recordings are also in the Hindustani language including the title Kitna Nazok Hai Dil.
 Brian Christian (born 1984 in Wilmington Delaware) is an American author and poet best known for his book The Most Human Human. He competed as a confederate in the 2009 Loebner Prize competition attempting to seem more human than the humans taking the test and succeeded.
 Alan Myers (1955 – June 24 2013) was an American drummer. He was the third and most prominent drummer of the band Devo.
 Ryan Sohmer (born (1978-07-05)July 5 1978) writes the webcomics Least I Could Do and Looking for Group. Sohmer is the Vice President/Creative Director of Blind Ferret Entertainment and is the owner of The 4th Wall a comic book store in Montreal Quebec. He lives in Montreal Quebec with his wife Sue and son Caden.
 Daniel Ebel better known as Dendemann (* 27. Juni 1974) is a German rapper from Menden. He is known for his rough voice and his witty wordplay-filled lyrics in which he mostly tells stories from everyday life.
 Alfredo Panzini (31 December 1863-10 April 1939) was an Italian novelist and lexicographer. Born in Senigallia Panzini was a student of Giosuè Carducci at the University of Bologna. Panzini worked as a secondary school teacher before becoming a writer. Panzini is noted for the humorous and often genial tone of his writings. Among his many works there are Libro dei Morti (1893) Santippe (1914) and Il diavolo nella mia libreria (1920).
 Max Margulis (1907–1996) was an American musician writer music teacher voice coach record producer copywriter photographer and left-wing activist. He had a significant influence on the New York artistic and performing community particularly from the 1930s to the 1950s.
 Else Michelet (born 16 February 1942) is a Norwegian journalist satirical writer and songwriter.She was born in Trondheim as a daughter of teacher Frans Oscar Michelet (1906–1984) and housewife Synnøve Kulseng (1905–1981). The family moved to Bærum in 1947 and Michelet graduated from the University of Oslo with a cand.mag. degree. She has worked for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation from 1967; in the radio from 1973.
 J. Gregory Miller is a US horn player composer and music arranger.
 Elizabeth Lizzy Pattinson is an English singer and songwriter.
 David Harry France OBE (born 30 June 1948) is an author football historian and philanthropist. Throughout the past decade he has been the driving force behind numerous initiatives related to Everton Football Club including Gwladys Street’s Hall of Fame the Everton Former-Players’ Foundation the Founding Fathers of Merseyside Football and the Everton Collection (formerly known as The David France Collection).
 William McFee (June 15 1881–July 2 1966) was a writer of sea stories.
 Brendon Whitney better known by his stage name Alias is a producer and rapper from Hollis Maine. He is a co-founder of the indie hip hop record label Anticon.
 Mary Roach is an American author specializing in popular science. As of 2014 she has published seven books: Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers (2003) Spook: Science Tackles the Afterlife (2005) (published in some markets as Six Feet Over: Adventures in the Afterlife) Bonk: The Curious Coupling of Science and Sex (2008) Packing for Mars: The Curious Science of Life in the Void (2010) My Planet: Finding Humor in the Oddest Places and Gulp: Adventures on the Alimentary Canal (2013).
 Antoine Vollon (April 23 1833 – August 27 1900) was a French realist artist best known as a painter of still lifes landscapes and figures. During his lifetime Vollon was a successful celebrity enjoyed an excellent reputation and was called a painter's painter. In 2004 New York's then-PaceWildenstein gallery suggested that his place in the history of French painting has still not been properly assessed.
 Victor Olegovich Pelevin (Russian: Ви́ктор Оле́гович Пеле́вин IPA: ['vʲiktər pʲɪ'lʲevʲɪn] born 22 November 1962) is a Russian fiction writer the author of novels Omon Ra Chapayev and Void and Generation P. He is a laureate of multiple literary awards including the Russian Little Booker Prize (1993) and the Russian National Bestseller (2004).
 Bonnie Lou (born Mary Jo Kath October 27 1924 in Towanda Illinois) is an American rock and roll and country music singer. During the mid-1950s Bonnie Lou helped pave the way for future female artists as one of rock and roll's first female singers. Many of her rock and roll hits were also crossover hits in the world of country music.
 Mike Heisler is an American comic book writer known for his work on the series DV8 and Union. He also penned the Gen¹³ mini-series Gen¹³: Interactive and the one-shot Gen¹³: The Surreal World.Heisler got his start in the industry in the late 1980s as a letterer primarily for Marvel Comics.
 Antonio Ciacca is an Italian-American jazz pianist and Instructor at the Juilliard School.
 Motomu Kiyokawa (清川 元夢 Kiyokawa Motomu born April 9 1935) is a Japanese actor and voice actor.
 Kim Chunsu was one of the leading South Korean poets of the late twentieth century. He won numerous literary awards and was a professor of Korean Literature. His works have been translated into English German and Spanish.
 Vicenzo Gotti (c. 1580 – 1636) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.He was born in Bologna where he initially had been alongside Guido Reni a pupil of Dionysius Calvaert. At the age of 20 years he moved to Rome with Reni. After some time he moved to Naples where he became a prolific painter. He died at Reggio Calabria.
 José de la Cuadra (September 3 1903 - February 27 1941) was an Ecuadorian social realist writer whose short stories are among the most important in Ecuadorian literature.
 Luis Edgardo Resto (born July 22 1961) is a Detroit-based musician producer and keyboardist who has worked closely with rapper Eminem since his third major-label album The Eminem Show. He is of Puerto Rican descent with both of his parents from Puerto Rico and was raised in Detroit (Garden City) Michigan. He has played the keyboard for several Eminem-produced tracks and is credited for additional production on most Eminem-produced tracks on Encore.
 Anupama Deshapande is a Bollywood playback singer who has won the Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer for her folk song Sohni Chinab Di in the film Sohni Mahiwal (1984). This song was originally meant for Asha Bhonsle who since was busy those days. Therefore Annu Malik recorded this song in the voice of Anupama Deshpande so that that it could later on dubbed by Asha Bhonsle.
 Jerzy Ficowski (Polish pronunciation: [ˈjɛʐɨ fiˈt͡sɔfskʲi]; October 4 1924 Warsaw - May 9 2006 Warsaw) was a Polish poet writer and translator (from Yiddish Russian Romani and Hungarian).
 Shinichi Ishihara (石原 慎一 Ishihara Shin'ichi) is an anison singer and anime voice actor who was born on May 26 1960 in Yamanashi Prefecture. He is famous for singing the theme songs of Guyver Kamen Rider Agito and Kyuukyuu Sentai GoGo-V among other theme songs as well as the entire soundtrack to Juukou B-Fighter.
 Rio Yamase (山瀬 理桜 Yamase Rio) is a Japanese violinist arranger and composer. She directed the music for the 2006 Studio Ghibli animation short film Mizugumo Monmon.
 Chris Hipkiss is a British artist known for figurative compositions ranging in size from miniatures to lengthy panoramas created using a mixed media technique that combines pencil silver ink and metal leaf. The name is a pseudonym of Chris and Alpha Mason born Christopher Payen and Alpha Mason. Payen changed his name to Mason on their marriage in 1986.
 David Dave Albert Wyndorf (born October 28 1956) is the lead vocalist guitarist pianist trombonist and songwriter for the American rock group Monster Magnet. He is the frontman and only remaining original member of the band. He is also an occasional guest on the podcast Tell 'Em Steve-Dave!.
 Joe Harris is an American comic book writer and screenwriter. He made his big screen debut in 2003 with his screenplay for the Sony Pictures release Darkness Falls. He is currently the writer of the ongoing monthly comic book series Great Pacific from Image Comics and The X-Files: Season 10 from IDW Publishing.
 Troy Denning (born 1958) is a fantasy and science fiction author and game designer who has written more than two dozen novels.
 Dan Weiss (born July 22 1978) better known by his stage name Verbal Kent is an alternative hip hop artist from Chicago.
 Marco Masís artistically known as Tainy is a reggaeton producer. Born and raised in San Juan Puerto Rico he entered the world of reggaeton with his work on Mas Flow 2.
 Billy Van is an American DJ and music producer from Bloomington Indiana where he studied recording arts at Indiana University. The Billy Van MashUps! was Billy Van's introduction as a mixer and producer. These tracks consisted of taking pop hits and reconstituting them together harmonically and lyrically with new vocals and his own production.Billy Van released an EP featuring remixes of LMFAO Breathe Carolina Chris Brown Lights and Eiffel 65 entitled The Cardigan EP.
 Claude Ribbe (born 13 October 1954) is a French writer and academic historian of Caribbean origin.
 Neal Pollack (born March 1 1970) is an American satirist novelist short story writer and journalist. He lives in Austin Texas. Pollack has written eight books: The Neal Pollack Anthology of American Literature Never Mind the Pollacks Beneath the Axis of Evil Alternadad Stretch Jewball Downward-Facing Death and Open Your Heart. He is also a three-time Jeopardy! champion.
 Rutilio di Lorenzo Manetti (c. 1571 – 22 July 1639) was an Italian painter of late-Mannerism or proto-Baroque active mainly in Siena.
 Ochirbatyn Dashbalbar (Mongolian: Очирбатын Дашбалбар; 1957—1999) was a Mongolian writer and politician.
 Vittore Belliniano was an Italian painter of the Renaissance considered to be identical with Bellini Bellini and Vittore di Matteo. He was a native of Venice active c. the year 1525. He painted historical subjects and several of his pictures were painted for the Scuola di San Marco at Venice and in churches of the neighboring towns.
 Tony Friel (born in Birkenhead Wirral Cheshire 4 May 1958) is a bass guitarist known for his role in different New Wave bands.He attended Heys Boys Secondary School where he met Martin Bramah and got along with him Art O Level. He and Bramah shared many interests. In the mid-1970s they were introduced by their friend Barbara Smith to her brother Mark E. Smith and his friend Una Baines. Smith Baines Bramah and Friel shared interests in music and formed their first band The Fall.
 Rebecca Win (Burmese: ရေဗက္ကဝင်း pronounced: [jèbɛʔka̰ wɪ́ɴ]; born May Hnin Nu (မေနှင်းနု [mè n̥ɪ́ɴ nṵ]) on 15 February 1986) is a Burmese professional model and a popular advert actress on Burmese TV as well as a Burmese pop music singer.One of four siblings Win was born May Hnin Nu to a Burman father and a Kachin mother. She was moved to Yangon when she was just six months old. Win converted to Christianity while she joined the church choir at age six.
 Joseph Paul Locke (born March 18 1959) is an American jazz vibraphonist composer and educator.As a jazz musician Locke was precocious having played with musicians such as Dizzy Gillespie Pepper Adams and Mongo Santamaría while in high school.[citation needed] Since moving to New York City in 1981 Locke has performed with Grover Washington Jr. Kenny Barron Dianne Reeves Eddie Daniels Jerry Gonzalez' Fort Apache Band Rod Stewart Beastie Boys Eddie Henderson Hiram Bullock Bob Berg Ron Carter Jimmy Scott Geoffrey Keezer The Mingus Big Band and Randy Brecker among many others. 
 Emery Emery (born December 25 1963) is an American comedian film editor and producer and outspoken atheist known for his contribution to numerous comedy-related films and TV shows his two podcasts Skeptically Yours and the award-winning Ardent Atheist. Further he has the distinction of being a contributor to The Atheist's Guide to Christmas and he edited the documentary The Aristocrats.
 Gerald Toto is a lyricist composer performer multi-instrumentalist and artistic director.
 Jean P. Sasson (born 1950Troy Alabama United States) (Sasson is Hebrew for happiness) is an American writer whose work mainly centers around women in the Middle East.
 Jovan Jovanović Zmaj (Serbian Cyrillic: Јован Јовановић Змај pronounced [jɔ̌v̞an jɔv̞ǎːnɔv̞it͡ɕ zmâj]; November 24 1833 – June 3 1904) was one of the best-known Serbian poets. He was a physician by profession like his literary predecessor writer Jovan Stejić (1803–1853).He wrote in many of the genres of poetry including love lyric patriotic political youth's etc. But he is best known for his children's poetry.
 Kentaro James Shibuya Lloyd (born March 25 1976 in London England) better known as Ken Lloyd is a British/Japanese musician and singer-songwriter. Fluent in both Japanese and English he writes lyrics in both languages. He is currently in Oblivion Dust Atom on Sphere and Fake? the latter of which is now his solo project.With an English father lawyer and a Japanese mother Ken graduated secondary school in London England and went to the college in Japan.
 I. Newton Baker was private secretary to and biographer of Robert G. Ingersoll. He was earlier one of the editors of the American Sunday-School Times.
 Roba Stanley was a country music singer who has been said to be the first woman to record country music. Others have pointed out that Samantha Bumgarner and Eva Davis recorded a session (including solos) three months before Roba recorded. However she can still be said to be among the earliest of the women who recorded early country music. She was the daughter of Robert Morland Stanley an old-time fiddler who recorded with her on some of her records.
 Kiyoshi Maekawa (前川 清 Maekawa Kiyoshi) (born (1948-08-19)August 19 1948) is a Japanese singer and tarento.He is best known as the first lead vocalist of Hiroshi Uchiyamada and Cool Five which was formed in 1967 and debuted in 1969 with the Japan Record Award-winning song Nagasaki wa Kyō mo Ame Datta. As a frontman of the band he spawned multiple hit singles such as Awazu ni Aishite Uwasa no OnnaSoshite Kōbe Nakanoshima Blues and Tokyo Sabaku during the 1970s.
 Lee Dong-hae (Hangul: 이동해; hanja: 李東海) (born 15 October 1986) mononymously credited as Donghae (Hangul: 동해) is a South Korean Idol singer dancer rapper songwriter promotional model and actor. He is best known as the main dancer vocal and rapper of the K-pop boy band Super Junior and its subgroup Super Junior-M and Donghae & Eunhyuk. Donghae is also in the SM Town dance-centered sub group SM The Performance.
 Freedy Johnston (born Fred Fatzer in 1961) is a New York City-based singer-songwriter originally from Kinsley Kansas. He has scored several minor hits since the early 1990s. Johnston's songs are often about troubled loners and cover topics like heartbreak alienation and disappointment. Known for the craftsmanship of his songs he has been described as a songwriter's songwriter.
 Dionne Rakeem is a female vocalist from the Midlands. Her song Sweeter than Wine made #46 on the UK Singles Chart.
 Harry Howell Carney (April 1 1910 – October 8 1974) was an American jazz musician whose virtuosity on the baritone saxophone influenced generations of subsequent players. He also performed on clarinet and bass clarinet as well as alto saxophone in the early years of his career. Mainly known for his 45-year tenure in Duke Ellington's Orchestra Carney's strong steady saxophone often served as the anchor of Duke's music.
 Hilde Haugsgjerd (born 7 July 1952) is a Norwegian newspaper editor.She was born in Oslo. She was the party leader of the Red Electoral Alliance from 1979 to 1981 and was married to the party's first leader Sigurd Allern from 1972 to 1977.She worked as a journalist in Klassekampen and Dagbladet as well as information director of Rikshospitalet before becoming a newspaper editor.
 Daryle Bruce Singletary (born March 10 1971) is an American country music singer. Between 1995 and 1998 he recorded for Giant Records for which he released three studio albums: Daryle Singletary in 1995 All Because of You in 1996 and Ain't It the Truth in 1998.
 Paris Ana'is Bennett (born August 21 1988) is an American singer. She came to national recognition as a contestant on the fifth season of the reality television talent show American Idol finishing in fifth place. Bennett released her debut album Princess P on 306 Entertainment/TVT Records in 2007 as well as a holiday album in 2008 entitled A Royal Christmas.
 Muhammad Abdul-Hayy Siddiqui (Urdu/Arabic: محمّد عبدالحي صدیقی) writing under the pen-name Bekhud Badayuni (Urdu/Persian: بےخود بدایونی) was one of the leading Urdu poets of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. It is customary for Urdu poets to assume a pen-name (takhallus) that can be employed as a pun in the final couplet of every ghazal often combined with a second name that denotes the poet's place of origin.
 Jud Strunk (June 11 1936 - October 5 1981) was an American singer songwriter and comedian.
 John Pendray (born July 12 1937 in the city of London England) is a Franco-British painter. Graduated from the Saint Martin School of Art and the University of London Institute of Pedagogy he taught painting sculpture and ceramics during 11 years. Then he moved to Marseille France where he first worked as an independent designer. He’s a professional painter since 1990. In 2000 he obtained French nationality and in 2001 he was appointed Ofﬁcial Painter of the French Navy.
 Kage Baker (June 10 1952 – January 31 2010) was an American science fiction and fantasy writer.
 Niccola Ricciolini (born 1637 date of death unknown) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period. He was born at Rome and was a pupil of Pietro da Cortona. He competed against Marcantonio Franceschini with cartoons for the mosaic decoration of the Vatican. His designs led to the mosaics of Crucifixion of St. Peter (in mosaic) and a painting of Descent from the Cross.
 Peter Gric or Petr Gric (born 1968 Brno Czechoslovakia) is Austrian painter drawer and illustrator originally from Czech Republic. In his art appear motives of futuristic landscapes and architecture biomechanical surrealism and fantastic realism. Gric is member of the art groups Libellule and Labyrinthe.
 Tara Cynara Newley (born 12 October 1963) is an English singer.Newley was born in New York City the daughter of actress Joan Collins and actor/composer/singer Anthony Newley and a sister to Sacha Newley. She studied at Boston University. She returned to London when her parents' seven-year marriage ended in 1970 and her mother married the head of Apple Records Ron Kass.
 Andy Worthington is a British historian investigative journalist and film director.He has published three books and been published in numerous publications.In 2009 Worthington was the co-director of a documentary about the Guantanamo detainees.Worthington is a frequent contributor to the Huffington Post a liberal weblog.
 Joseph Bharat Cornell is a nature educator in the United States. He was given the Indian name Bharat by his yoga teacher Swāmī Kriyānanda Giri.[citation needed] He wrote the book Sharing Nature with Children in the early 1970s to promote outdoor learning.
 Pedro Martín José María Suárez-Vértiz Alva (born February 13 1969 in Callao Peru) is a Peruvian singer-songwriter-guitarist. He founded the popular rock band Arena Hash with his brother Patricio Arturo Pomar and Christian Meier in 1987; a few years later the band broke up and Vértiz began his solo career. He is the winner of Orgullosamente Latino 2004 (Proudly Latin 2004) and winner of the Best Latin Soloist of the Year in Mexico.
 Natalia Pankova (Russian: Панкова Наталия Юрьевна; born June 28 1965 Gorky (Nizhny Novgorod)) is a Russian artist art manager; member of the Russian Union of Artists. chairperson of the Executive Committee of the Nizhny Novgorod «Russian Art» Foundation and Counselor to the Representative of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia in Nizhny Novgorod Master of Arts.
 Yuna Ito (伊藤 由奈 Itō Yuna) (born September 20 1983) is an American pop recording artist and actress who is active in Japan. She was born in Los Angeles and was raised in Hawaii. Ito made her musical debut in Japan with the single Endless Story which was used as one of the theme songs for the popular 2005 film Nana; she also starred in the film portraying Reira Serizawa. In 2006 Ito reprised her role as Reira for the sequel of the film singing the theme song Truth.
 Tamiko Jones (born Barbara Tamiko Ferguson 1945) is an American singer. Her most successful record was Touch Me Baby (Reaching Out For Your Love) in 1975.
 Geneviève Sorya (née Geneviève Marie Thérèse Durand; 23 June 1912 – 23 March 2008) daughter of André and Émilie Durand was a French actress who was married to French actor Henry Murray (born Henri Dreyfus) with whom she had a daughter who became actress Anouk Aimée.
 Ashley Stephen Hutchings (born 26 January 1945) is an English bassist vocalist songwriter arranger band leader writer and record producer. He was a founding member of three of the most noteworthy English folk-rock bands in the history of the genre: Fairport Convention Steeleye Span and The Albion Band. Hutchings has overseen numerous other projects including records and live theatre and has collaborated on film and television projects.
 Lee Wells (born 1971) is an artist independent curator and a technology and art consultant based New York. He is a co-founder of Peanut Underground Art Projects in New York. He is a co-founder and director of IFAC-arts and a co-founder of Perpetual art machine [PAM]. He helped curate the 2011 exhibition No Comment in New York City where one of his installations was also shown.
 Ali Jones (born July 13 1971) better known by his stage name Ali is an American rapper and member of the hip hop group St. Lunatics.
 Cristina Scarlat (born 3 March 1981 in Chișinău) is a Moldovan singer. She will represent Moldova in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Copenhagen Denmark with the song Wild Soul.
 Sir Arthur Charles Clarke CBE FRAS (Sri Lankabhimanya Arthur Charles Clarke) (16 December 1917 – 19 March 2008) was a British science fiction writer science writer inventor undersea explorer and television series host.He is perhaps most famous for being co-writer of the screenplay for the movie 2001: A Space Odyssey considered by the American Film Institute to be one of the most influential films of all time.
 Cathy Jordan is a singer songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. She has been the lead vocalist for the traditional Irish music band Dervish since 1991 and is a solo performer as well. Cathy is also a member of another group called The Unwanted along with former Dervish member Seamie O'Dowd and Rick Epping.Cathy's first solo album entitled All the Way Home was released in January 2012.
 Micky Groome (born Michael John Groome 20 March 1951 Hemel Hempstead England) is an English bassist guitarist vocalist songwriter and producer.
 Stephen L. (Lucky) Mosko ((1947-12-07)December 7 1947 – December 5 2005(2005-12-05) (aged 57)) was an American composer. His music blends high modernism (including serialism) with world music and he is an expert in Icelandic folk music.
 Douglas Kolk (born 1963 Newark New Jersey) is a United States artist based in Boston Massachusetts. He is known primarily for his drawing as well as work in collage and mixed media.Kolk’s work has been shown internationally at galleries and museums including the Helsinki City Art Museum in Finland Kasseler Kunstverein and Kunsthalle Mannheim in Germany Kunsthalle St. Gallen and the Royal Academy in London.
 Ethel Azama (August 28 1934 – March 7 1984) was an American jazz and popular singer and recording artist. She sang regularly in nightclubs and other concert venues between the mid-1950s and 1984. She was born and raised in Honolulu Hawaii and was of Okinawan ancestry. She was a Nisei or second-generation Japanese American.
 William Farquhar Payson (1876-1939) was an American author. He was born in New York city February 18 1876 the son of Francis and Mary F. (Dabney) Payson and grandson of John Larkin and Frances (Lithgow) Payson and of Charles Henry and Ellen M. (Jones) Dabney and a descendant of Edward Payson (1614–1675). He received his preparatory education in England and in New York city; was a student at Columbia University 1892–93 and in 1893 engaged in journalism.
 Kawabata Ryūshi (川端 龍子 June 6 1885 - April 10 1966) was the pseudonym of a Japanese painter in the Nihonga style active during the Taishō and Shōwa eras. His real name was Kawabata Shotarō. Ryūshi was born in Wakayama city in Wakayama prefecture. He moved to Tokyo in 1895. Initially interested in literature he studied under the poet Kawabata Hoja who introduced him to the Hototogisu artistic circle.
 Anthony W. Coldeway (August 1 1887 – January 29 1963) was a screenwriter who had an extensive career from 1910 through 1954. Although most of his work was on films he did some writing for television and also was the director of a silent film entitled Her Great Dilemma in 1917. He was born in Louisville Kentucky.In 1928 he was nominated for an Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay at the 1st Academy Awards for his film Glorious Betsy.
 Leah Coloff is an American singer-songwriter and cellist who lives in Brooklyn New York United States.
 Jason Marcy is a cartoonist living in Hamilton Ontario who works primarily in the field of autobiographical comics.
 Deniz Tek is an American singer guitarist and songwriter and a founding member of Australian rock group Radio Birdman. He has played in many of the underground rock bands of the 1970s including Australian bands The Visitors and New Race but is most known for exerting his burning Detroit style guitar influence over the punk rock genre in Australia. Tek was raised in Ann Arbor Michigan USA.
 Bernice Jan Liu (born January 6 1979) is a Hong Kong actress singer and commercial model based in Hong Kong. She has previously held the title Miss Chinese Vancouver 2000 as well as Miss Chinese International 2001 the latter position bringing her fame in Hong Kong.Liu was best known for her role as Princess Sam-tin in the long-running TVB sitcom Virtues of Harmony which was also her first role after joining TVB in 2001.
 Sheila Silver (born 1946 in Seattle Washington) is an American composer.She was born in Seattle Washington in 1946 she started her piano studies at the age of five. In 1968 she received Bachelor of Arts degree from University of California at Berkeley and had her Ph.D from Brandeis University Mass. in 1976.
 Akari Saho (佐保 明梨 Saho Akari born June 8 1995) is a member of Up-Up Girls and a former member of Hello! Pro Egg a Japanese idol trainee program under the Hello! Project umbrella. She was also an original member of Shugo Chara Egg! and played the role of Amulet Spade in the live action segment of the highly acclaimed television series Shugo Chara! Party!. She completed her training in Hello! Pro Egg on April 18 2011 and joined Up-Front Girls on May 3 2011.
 Augustin Hadelich (born April 4 1984 in Italy) is a German classical violinist.
 François Walthéry (born 17 January 1946 in Argenteau near Liège) is a Belgian comics artist best known for his series featuring an adventurous flight attendant Natacha.
 Hisako Kyōda (京田尚子 Kyōda Hisako born February 22 1935) is a Japanese voice actress from Tokyo who among other roles voiced Slappy Squirrel in the Japanese dub of Animaniacs. She is most known for the roles of Genkai (YuYu Hakusho) Omusubiman (Soreike! Anpanman) and Yukari Godai (Maison Ikkoku). Kyōda works at the Tokyo Actor's Consumer's Cooperative Society.
 Bambi Woods (born July 12 1955) is the screen name of a former pornographic actress and exotic dancer best known for her appearance as the title character in the 1978 film Debbie Does Dallas. She was advertised on theater marquees and in advertising as a former Dallas Cowboys Cheerleader although this was not actually the case.Woods performed in only one other adult film Debbie Does Dallas 2 (1981).An article in The Age stated that Woods died of a drug overdose in 1986.
 Lars Stalfors is an American musician record producer and engineer from Los Angeles California noted for his contributions to The Mars Volta and the Omar Rodriguez Lopez Group. A multi-instrumentalist Stalfors has produced albums for both Matt and Kim and Funeral Party.
 Tobias Jonathan Ansell Wolff (born June 19 1945) is an American author. He is known for his memoirs particularly This Boy's Life (1989) and his short stories. He has also written two novels.
 Sex Mob is a New York City jazz band originally formed as a Knitting Factory vehicle for Steven Bernstein to exercise his slide trumpet. Sex Mob's sets feature a high proportion of covers usually familiar pop songs given a humorous but avant garde treatment. Bernstein points out that this is a return to a fundamental jazz tradition to take a familiar song then disassemble and reassemble.
 Valerian Nikolayevich Maykov (Russian: Валериа́н Никола́евич Ма́йков September 9 1823 Moscow Russia — July 27 1847 v.Novoye) was a Russian Empire author and literary critic son of painter Nikolay Maykov brother of poet Apollon and novelist Vladimir Maykovs.
 Paul Cornell (born 18 July 1967) is a British writer best known for his work in television drama as well as Doctor Who fiction and as the creator of one of the Doctor's spin-off companions Bernice Summerfield.As well as Doctor Who other television dramas for which he has written include Robin Hood Primeval Casualty Holby City and Coronation Street.Cornell has also written for a number of British comics as well as Marvel Comics and DC Comics in America and has had three original novels published in addition to his Doctor Who fiction.
 Zumreta Midžić [zuːmrete midʒitɕ] known by her stage name Zuzi Zu [zuːzi zuː] is a popular singer from Sarajevo born in Velika Kladuša Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Michael Dalton Mike Allred is an American comic book artist and writer most famous for his indie comics creation Madman. His style is often compared to pop art as well as commercial and comic art of the 1950s and 1960s.
 Susan Ashton (born Susan Rae Hill July 17 1967) is an American contemporary Christian Music and country music artist who topped the Christian charts throughout the 1990s. In 1991 she began using her mother's maiden name Ashton when she recorded her first single in order to distinguish herself from CCM singer Kim Hill.Ashton has recorded eight studio albums to date of which six were released on Sparrow Records.
 Alvin Taylor (born March 26 1953) is an American drummer producer and musical director who is best known for his work with Elton John Eric Burdon George Harrison Billy Preston and Bob Welch.
 Mikhail Romanovich Bakaleinikov or Mischa Bakaleinikoff (Russian: Михаил Романович Бакалейников; 10 November 1890 – 10 August 1960) was a noted musical director film composer and conductor.
 Vlad Irimia (born October 17 1976) primarily known by his stage name Tataee is a Romanian record producer rapper record executive and music manager. He is one of the founders and the main producer of the well-known Romanian hip hop trio B.U.G. Mafia also having produced albums and overseeing the careers of many acclaimed Romanian rappers such as La Familia XXL & 10 Grei Mahsat and JerryCo.
 Sir William Dobell OBE (24 September 1899 – 13 May 1970) was an Australian artist.
 Christof Lauer (born May 25 1953) is a German jazz tenor and soprano saxophonist born in Melsungen Germany perhaps most well known in Europe where he has done projects with various musicians such as Palle Danielsson Carla Bley Michel Godard Volker Kriegel Michel Portal Maria Joao Anthony Cox Gary Husband Alphonse Mouzon and Peter Erskine.In 1994 Lauer joined the United Jazz and Rock Ensemble and replaced Charlie Mariano and is also a member of the Hamburg NDR Radio Orchestra.
 Khalil Cassius Walton (born June 6) is an American Grammy Award-winning musician based in Atlanta Georgia.
 Vincenzo Barboni (1802-1859) was an Italian painter mainly depicting sacred subjects in a Neoclassical style.
 Apostolia Zoi (Greek: Αποστολία Ζώη) is a popular Greek singer who was born in Volos Greece. She has released four studio albums.
 Kit Whitfield is an English novelist. Her first novel titled Bareback in the UK and Benighted in the US was published by Random House in August 2006. It has subsequently been purchased by Warner Brothers for an undisclosed six-figure sum and is currently being adapted as a film called Benighted by director Andrew Adamson.
 Aimé Martin (1781-1844) was a French writer. Born in Lyon he moved to Paris where he became the pupil and friend of Bernardin de St. Pierre: he collected his works and married his widow. Martin's letters to Sophia on Natural History were highly popular.This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain:
 Dr. Victor Hugo Lindlahr (February 14 1897 – January 26 1969) was an American health food and weight loss pioneer. In the 1930s he hosted a popular radio series about nutrition. In 1940 he wrote the book You Are What You Eat one of the earliest texts of the health food movement in the United States which sold over half a million copies. His book is also credited for popularizing the expression.
 Paul Leighton Johnson (born 1971) is an American house DJ and producer.
 Irini Qirjako is a popular Albanian folk singer from Finiq. She is one of the most famous folk singers in southern Albania. She sings many tosk folk songs and mostly self-composed potpourri.
 Mathias Färm (born September 9 1974 in Örebro Sweden) is a guitar player best known as a member of the Swedish skate punk band Millencolin. He is also the frontman of a punk band named Franky Lee a side-project of Millencolin.He started skating in 1987 and started listening to Operation Ivy Mc Rad The Descendents & Odd Man Out because of the skate videos. Early in 1992 he and Nikola Sarcevic were members of a band named Seigmen which was a punk rock band singing in Swedish.
 Joe Lee Wilson (December 22 1935 – July 17 2011) was an American gospel-influenced jazz singer originally from Bristow Oklahoma. His voice is best recognized from several Archie Shepp albums recorded for Impulse! Records.
 Simone Johanna Maria Simons (born 17 January 1985) is a Dutch soprano and the lead vocalist of symphonic metal band Epica.
 Laurence Daren King (born 1972 in Harlow Essex) is an award-winning English novelist. His debut novel Boxy an Star was shortlisted for the 1999 Guardian First Book Award and longlisted for the 1999 Booker Prize. He won first prize in the Nestle Children's Book Prize (6 to 8 year old category) in 2006. King has lived most of his life in London.Laurence Daren King left school with only one GCSE in English and worked in computing.
 Ercole Ruggiero (17th century) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.He was initially a devoted pupil of Francesco Gessi in Bologna; and also was known as Ercolino del Gessi or Ercolino da Bologna. His brother was known as Battistino del Gessi initially a pupil of Domenichino and Gessi then became a follower of Pietro da Cortona. He died during the papacy of Urban VIII.
 Fito Blanko (born Roberto E. Testa) is a Panamanian Tropical Urban singer/songwriter from Toronto Canada.
 Vivian Chow (Chinese: 周慧敏; traditional Chinese: 周慧敏; pinyin: Zhōu Huìmǐn) is a Hong Kong based Cantopop singer and actress. She is well known for her ladylike stage image as well as her charity works for animal rights and breast cancer awareness.
 Yurizan Beltran (born November 2 1986) also known as YuriLuv is an American pornographic actress.
 George Wheeler Hinman (November 19 1864 - March 31 1927) was an American writer and newspaper publisher. He also served as the president of Marietta College in Ohio from 1913-1918.Hinman was born in Mount Morris New York in 1864 and graduated from Hamilton College in New York in 1884. After working at newspapers in Chicago and St. Louis he obtained a masters and Ph.D. degree from Heidelberg University in 1889.
 Cali Carranza (March 29 1953 - May 1 2012) was a notable American Tejano (Spanish for Texan) musician. Born in Pharr Texas he began playing the drums and accordion in his father's band at only 8 years old. Carranza joined Conjunto Bernal in 1973 before becoming a founding member of Roberto Pulido y Los Clasicos.
 Futuro Primitivo is the electronic music stage name of Matyas Mon an Argentine musician from Buenos Aires.
 Michael Rodenberg nickname Miro is a German keyboard player and musical producer known for working with power metal bands such as Angra Shaaman Luca Turilli Rhapsody of Fire Kamelot and Heavens Gate. He mainly works in conjunction with his some-time bandmate Sascha Paeth.In addition to his production work Miro has made guest appearances for many of the bands he works with as a keyboard player and also provides orchestral arrangements.
 Brenda Doreen Mignon de Banzie (28 July 1909 – 5 March 1981) was a British actress of stage and screen. She was the daughter of Edward Thomas de Banzie conductor and musical director and his second wife Dorothy (née Lancaster) whom he married in 1908.
 Jackie Lane (born 10 July 1941 in Manchester) is an English actress noted for her role as Dodo Chaplet a companion of the Doctor in the long-running BBC science fiction television series Doctor Who.She played the part from February to July 1966 alongside William Hartnell as the Doctor.She went on to become a theatrical agent representing Tom Baker who would play the Fourth Doctor and Janet Fielding who would play companion Tegan Jovanka and managed the late Nicholas Courtney.
 Dermot Somers (born 1947 Tremane County Roscommon Ireland) is an Irish mountaineer explorer writer and broadcaster. He was educated in the Irish-speaking Coláiste Mhuire Dublin and graduated from University College Dublin with a BA and HDipEd and worked for a time as a teacher before concentrating full-time on writing broadcasting and travelling. He now lives in Drogheda.
 Deborah Cadbury is an award-winning British author and BBC television producer specialising in fundamental issues of science and history and their effects on modern society.After graduating from Sussex University in Psychology and Linacre College Oxford she joined the BBC as a documentary maker and has received numerous international awards including an Emmy for her work on the BBC's Horizon strand.Her film Assault On The Male launched a worldwide scientific research campaign into the hormone-mimicking chemicals that are harming human health.Her 2000 book The Dinosaur Hunters that examined the bitter rivalry between the early fossil hunters who pieced together the evidence of a prehistoric world was turned into a TV film by Granada ProductionsShe produced the ground-breaking 2003 docudrama Seven Wonders of the Industrial World for which she also wrote the companion book.Her 2003 book The Lost King Of France telling the tragic story of Marie Antoinette’s favourite son is to be developed as a film by Lynda La Plante.In 2005 she produced Space Race an award winning Drama the first BBC co-production between Russia and America.Her latest book Chocolate Wars tells the story of the Quaker Capitalists including the Cadbury history up to the Kraft takeover.
 Takanori Ōyama (大山 鎬則 Ōyama Takanori born 8 March 1974 in Aichi Prefecture Japan) is a male Japanese voice actor and actor probably most known for the roles as Kanji Sasahara (Genshiken) and Yasunobu Hattori (Suzuka).[citation needed]
 Fran Saleški Finžgar (February 9 1871 – June 2 1962) was perhaps the most popular Slovene folk writer. He is particularly known after his novels and short stories although he also wrote poems and plays.
 Charles-François Daubigny (15 February 1817 – 19 February 1878) was one of the painters of the Barbizon school and is considered an important precursor of Impressionism.
 John Wesley Vivian Jack Payne (22 August 1899 – 4 December 1969) was a British dance music bandleader who established his reputation during the British dance band era of the 1930s.
 Yuma Ishigaki (石垣 佑磨 Ishigaki Yūma born August 28 1982) is a Japanese actor from Gifu Prefecture and raised in Nerima Tokyo.
 Martin Vilhelm Ljung (15 August 1917 in Notviken Luleå – 30 September 2010 in Stockholm) was a Swedish comedian actor and singer.An apprentice blacksmith turned entertainer his movie debut was in the 1947 movie Tappa inte sugen starring Nils Poppe.Ljung worked together with Povel Ramel for many years and acted and sang in several of Ramel's revues where he also performed comic monologues including Ester and Fingal Olsson which have become Swedish comedy classics.He also worked with Hasse Alfredson and Tage Danielsson both in revues such as Spader Madame! and Glaset i Örat (The Glass in the Ear) and movies such as Äppelkriget.
 Dean Cyril Reed (September 22 1938 – June 13 1986) was an American actor singer and songwriter director and social activist who lived a great part of his adult life in South America and then in East Germany.
 Robert Conley (dp13) is an American record producer programmer musician and engineer. He has worked with some of the biggest names in the music industry including KISS Destiny's Child Celine Dion Ricky Martin and Darren Hayes.
 David Housewright (born February 7 1955) is an American award-winning author of crime fiction whose work has been favorably compared to Raymond Chandler Ross MacDonald and Robert B. Parker. He is best known for the Rushmore McKenzie and Holland Taylor series set most often in and around the greater St. Paul and Minneapolis area of Minnesota USA. Housewright has earned an Edgar Award from the Mystery Writers of America as well as three Minnesota Book Awards.
 Hakan Durmus better known as Killa Hakan is a German-Turkish rapper.
 August Becker (27 January 1821 – 19 December 1887) was a German landscape painter.
 Eva Gladys Del Pilar Werner (born 11 October 1967) is a Swedish singer and dancer.
 Tiara Nicole Thomas (born September 12 1989) is an American singer-songwriter most notably featured on Wale's 2013 single Bad. As of 2013 Thomas has landed a label deal with Interscope Records a label under the Interscope-Geffen-A&M group.
 Giovanni Raboni (22 January 1932 – 16 September 2004) was an Italian poet translator and literary critic.
 Yūji Takahashi (高橋 悠治 Takahashi Yūji born September 21 1938) is a Japanese composer performer pianist and author.Studied under Roh Ogura and Minao Shibata at the Toho Gakuen School of Music. In 1960 he made his debut as a pianist by performing Bo Nilsson's Quantitaten. He lived in Europe from 1963 to 1966 where he worked with Iannis Xenakis. He gave the first performance of Xenakis' Herma and Eonta.
 John Murrell OC AOE (born October 15 1945) is an American-born Canadian playwright.
 Chris Mosdell is a British lyricist poet author composer vocalist and illustrator based in Tokyo Japan and New York City USA.He has collaborated with an extensive array of musicians and artists though he is especially known for his work with Yellow Magic Orchestra and the poet Shuntarō Tanikawa.
 Antoine Cassar (1978) is a Maltese poet and translator. In September 2009 his multilingual poem Merħba was the Grand Prize winner of the United Planet Writing Contest.
 Samuel Dashiell Hammett (/dəˈʃiːl/; May 27 1894 – January 10 1961) was an American author of hard-boiled detective novels and short stories a screenplay writer and political activist.
 Thoppil Bhasi (Malayalam: തോപ്പില്‍ ഭാസി) (born 1924 April 8 – died 1992 December 8) was a Malayalam playwright screenwriter and film director. He was associated with the communist movement in Kerala and his play Ningalenne Communistakki (You Made Me a Communist) is considered to be a groundbreaking event in the history of Malayalam theatre.
 Miyuki is an Ame Zaiku artist who had performed at Epcot's Japanese Pavilion inside the World Showcase since 1996; with her last performances occurring on November 23 2013. She creates sculptures on a stick from soft rice dough a taffy-like product made from corn starch and sugar. She makes animals at the request of guests in mere seconds; the most popular request is dragon. She starts with a white base and adds color as needed.
 Pushpanathan Pillai better known by the pseudonym Kottayam Pushpanath (Malayalam: കോട്ടയം പുഷ്പനാഥ്) is a prolific Malayali author most noted for his detective novels in Malayalam language. He has also written mainstream novels science fiction and horror fiction and translated Bram Stoker's Dracula into Malayalam.Most of Pushpanath's work appeared during the period of the 1970s and 1980s.
 Vera Luttenberger (born January 28 1993) better known as Charlee is an Austrian electropop singer.
 Kōichi Iwaki (岩城滉一 Iwaki Kōichi) is a Japanese actor. He won the award for best actor at the 8th Yokohama Film Festival for Minami he hashire umi no michi o!. He is also a racing car driver.
 Darin Epsilon (born September 26 1983) is a music producer DJ radio personality record label owner and music critic from Chicago which is widely considered the birthplace of House music. He currently resides in Los Angeles as of 2009.He is primarily known for electronic dance music with productions appearing in the compilations of Nick Warren Hernan Cattaneo Armin van Buuren Markus Schulz and Paul Oakenfold among many others.
 Scott Danough is a co-founder and former guitar player for Bleeding Through. Scott played with Bleeding Through from its foundation in 1999 and appeared on the albums Dust to Ashes Portrait of the Goddess This is Love This is Murderous and The Truth. In April 2007 Scott and Bleeding Through parted ways. After his departure he said ..Just know that when this all comes out don't think you've seen the last of Scott.
 Dulce Quental (13 April 1960) is a Brazilian singer and composer.
 Theodore Walter Sonny Rollins (born September 7 1930) is an American jazz tenor saxophonist. Rollins is widely recognized as one of the most important and influential jazz musicians. A number of his compositions including St. Thomas Oleo Doxy and Airegin have become jazz standards.
 Carl Gottlieb Samuel Heun (20 March 1771 – 2 August 1854) better known by his pen name Heinrich Clauren was a German author.
 John Neagle (4 November 1796 – 17 September 1865) was a fashionable American painter primarily of portraits during the first half of the 19th century in Philadelphia.
 Marcel Wade (born in 1974) better known by his stage name Cellski and also Young Cellski 2Took Break-a-B***h Big Mafi and Coach Cellichick is an American rapper/records producer from San Francisco. He is also the CEO of his label Inner City2K Records.
 Courtney Hunt (born in 1964) is an American screenwriter and film director. Her debut feature film Frozen River won the Grand Jury Prize at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival.
 Frank Brunner (born February 21 1949) is an American comic book artist and illustrator best known for his work at Marvel Comics in the 1970s.
 Junnosuke Kawaguchi (河口 純之助 Kawaguchi Junnosuke b. April 26 1961) is a Japanese musician best known as bassist of The Blue Hearts. He is a music producer in Tokyo and in 2009 became the deputy director of propaganda for the Happiness Realization Party. He was born Hiroyuki Kawaguchi (河口 宏之 Kawaguchi Hiroyuki) in the Setagaya ward of Tokyo.
 Cartrain (born 1991?) often stylised cartяain is a British artist associated with the graffiti urban art movement. YBA artist Damien Hirst has threatened to take legal steps against Cartain over his art and activities. Cartrain's art has also been appropriated by well-known artists such as Gilbert and George Jamie Reid David Shrigley and Mr Brainwash
 Alahettin Tahir (Macedonian: Алаетин Тахир Skopje Republic of Macedonia April 23 1949 - Skopje January 28 2004) is a well-known Macedonia`s author researcher and journalist of Turkish descent.Tahir studied philosophy at the University of Skopje after graduating from high school in Skopje. In 1969 he was given the post secretary of the monthly magazine Sesler (Sounds) published in Turkish language in Skopje.
 Blue Roses is the recording name of Laura Groves an English musician from Shipley West Yorkshire England. Her debut album Blue Roses was released in 2009 on XL Recordings.
 David Paskett (born 1944) is a contemporary British watercolour artist and president of the Royal Watercolour Society (R.W.S.) in the U.K.
 Aya Suzaki (洲崎 綾 Suzaki Aya born December 25 1986) is a Japanese voice actress affiliated with I'm Enterprise.
 Kaikhosru Dadhaboy (K.D.) Sethna (26 November 1904 – 29 June 2011) was an Indian poet scholar writer philosopher and cultural critic. He published more than 40 books. He is also known as Amal Kiran.Sethna studied at Bombay University and was one of Sri Aurobindo's earliest disciples arriving at the Sri Aurobindo's ashram in 1927 at age 23 to take up the path of Integral Yoga under Sri Aurobindo and Mirra Alfassa. He was given the name Amal Kiran or Clear Ray by Sri Aurobindo in 1930.
 Charles Papa Charlie McCoy (May 26 1909 – July 26 1950) was an African American delta blues musician and songwriter.
 John Garcia (born September 4 1970) is a vocalist and songwriter. Garcia is best known as the vocalist and founding member of Kyuss Slo Burn and Unida. Garcia currently performs in Vista Chino with former Kyuss drummer Brant Bjork.
 Georges Wolinski (born 28 June 1934 in Tunis) is a French cartoonist and comics writer.
 John Benjamin Briley (Born March 19 1989 known as Ben Briley) is an American singer from Gallatin Tennessee who finished in 11th place on the thirteenth season of American Idol. When he was a child he led an effort that caused Brothers and Sisters Day to be recognized as an official holiday in the state of Tennessee. This idea inspired Bill Clinton to designate the third week of November as National Family Week and George W. Bush to designate June 2 2001 as National Child's Day.
 Jacques Prévert (French: [ʒak pʁevɛʁ]; 4 February 1900 – 11 April 1977) was a French poet and screenwriter. His poems became and remain popular in the French-speaking world particularly in schools. His best regarded films formed part of the poetic realist movement and include Les Enfants du Paradis (1945).
 Dave Meniketti (born December 12 1953) is the singer songwriter and lead guitarist for Hard rock/heavy metal band Y&T. He has also released three solo efforts (including Live in Japan) one of which is more blues-oriented. He currently tours worldwide with Y&T.
 Carl Martin Reinthaler (13 October 1822 – 13 February 1896) was a German organist conductor and composer.Alternative spellings include Karl Martin Reinthaler and Carl Martin Rheinthaler.
 Mona Amarcha (Arabic: منى أمرشا ) (born on January 1 1988 in Casablanca Morocco) also spelled Mona Amarsha is a Moroccan singer who sings mainly Khaleeji music. She is very popular among the Gulf countries.
 Kieren Gallear also known as DELS (pronounced Dels) is a rapper recording artist graphics designer and filmmaker born in Ipswich England. He is currently based in London and graduated from Kingston University in 2007 with a BA Hons Degree in graphic design.[citation needed] Dickins signed with the Ninja Tune label Big Dada in May 2010.
 Siddharth Dhanvant Shanghvi (born 1977 ) is an Indian author in English-language whose notable books include The Last Song of Dusk (2004) and The Lost Flamingoes of Bombay (2009). He lives in Bombay and is a contributor to Time and other publications.The Last Song of Dusk (2005) made it to Man Asian Prize: 2009 Shortlist won the 2004 Betty Trask Award one of UK’s most prestigious prizes for debut novels and Premio Grinzane Cavour 2005 (Italy) for the Best Debut novel.
 Franco A. Frank Barsotti (November 20 1937 - June 6 2012) was an American photographer. Youngest of three children he was born and raised in Chicago's historic Pullman area to Italian immigrant parents.
 Paul Meloy is an English born writer of what Graham Joyce referred to as Fractured Realism.Paul Meloy is the best writer of short stories in Britain.
 André Courrèges (pronounced: [andʁe kuʁɛʒ]; born 9 March 1923 in Pau) is a French fashion designer known for his ultra-modern designs. At the age of 25 after studying to be a civil engineer he went to Paris to work at the Jeanne Lafaurie fashion design house. A few months later he went over to Balenciaga the renowned Spanish designer.Both Courrèges and Mary Quant lay claim to the invention of the miniskirt.
 Frank Rudolph Paul (April 18 1884 - June 29 1963) was an American illustrator of pulp magazines in the science fiction field. A discovery of editor Hugo Gernsback (himself an immigrant from Luxembourg) Frank R. Paul was influential in defining what both cover art and interior illustrations in the nascent science fiction pulps of the 1920s looked like.The Science Fiction Hall of Fame inducted him in 2009.
 Maximilian Nepomuk Mutzke (born May 21 1981 in Krenkingen Baden-Württemberg) is a German singer and drummer. In 2004 he took part in the Eurovision Song Contest.
 Arofan was a 7th Century Welsh language poet.Nothing of Arofan's work survives. However his name is recorded as the Welsh Triads as the bard of Selyf ap Cynan:Arouan vard Sele(v) ap KynanArofan's name is later recorded in the work of Cynddelw Brydydd Mawr where he is held in regard alongside Afan Ferddig:Gnavd canaf y volyant ual auan uertic neu uartwavd arouan
 Aldo Vargas known by his stage name Aldo Ranks is a Panamanian artist of Reggae en Español. From 1992 to 1998 he was the most outstanding and youngest rapper in Panama[citation needed] supported by the best producers in the genre such as El Chombo and DJ Pablito on albums such as Tales from the Crypt and The Mafia. Ranks now sings under the label Panama Music.
 Cécilia Cara (born 5 June 1984) is a French actress and singer.
 Paweł Mąciwoda (Polish pronunciation: [ˈpavɛw mɔ̃t͡ɕiˈvɔda]; born on February 20 1967) is a Polish bass guitarist who joined the Scorpions in 2003 and became an official member on January 10 2004.
 Jennifer Bellak is an American author of paranormal romance novels urban fantasy and young adult fantasy novels under the pen name Jenna Black since 2006. She published one novel earlier under her married name Jennifer Barlow and at least two short stories before that under her birth name.
 Kevin Cummins (born 14 July 1953 Manchester England) is a British photographer known for photographs of rock bands and musicians including Mick Jagger Ian Curtis Morrissey Courtney Love Patti Smith and David Bowie.
 Kerry Gammill (born April 26 1954) is an American artist who has worked in the fields of comic books special effects storyboards and character designs.
 Pinchas Burstein (1927–1977) later known as Maryan S. Maryan was a Polish-born Jewish expressionist painter.
 Francis George Scott (25 January 1880 – 6 November 1958) was a Scottish composer.Born at 6 Oliver Crescent Hawick Roxburghshire he was the son of a supplier of mill-engineering parts. Educated at Hawick and at the universities of Edinburgh and Durham he studied composition under Jean Roger-Ducasse. In 1925 he became Lecturer in Music at Jordanhill Training College for Teachers Glasgow a post he held for more than twenty-five years.
 Jean-Michel Labadie (born July 14 1974) is a French musician who is the bass guitar player of Gojira and was the bassist for Oihuka.
 Christopher Anvil (March 11 1925 – November 30 2009) is a pseudonym used by American authorHarry Christopher Crosby. He began publishing science fiction with the story Cinderella Inc. in the December 1952 issue of the science fiction magazine Imagination.
 Milt Holland (February 7 1917 – November 4 2005) was an American drummer percussionist ethnic musicologist and writer in the Los Angeles music scene. He pioneered the use of African South American and Indian percussion styles in jazz pop and film music; traveling extensively on those continents to collect instruments and to learn the musical styles of playing them.
 John Howard Rutsey (July 23 1952 – May 11 2008) was a Canadian drummer most recognized for being a co-founding member of Rush along with Alex Lifeson and Jeff Jones and performing on the band's debut album. John Rutsey left the band in 1974 due to musical differences and health problems with diabetes and was replaced by Neil Peart. Rutsey's diabetes was believed to be a complicating factor in his death from a heart attack in 2008.
 Cydel Young (born September 15 1984) better known by his stage name CyHi the Prynce is an American hip hop recording artist from Stone Mountain Georgia. He is currently signed to Akon's Konvict Muzik Bu Thiam's BuVision Kanye West's GOOD Music and Def Jam Recordings.
 John Peter Petrucci (born July 12 1967) is an American guitarist and composer. He is best known as a founding member of the progressive metal band Dream Theater. With his former bandmate Mike Portnoy he has produced all Dream Theater albums since their 1999 release Metropolis Pt. 2: Scenes from a Memory until their 2009 release Black Clouds & Silver Linings and also produced alone their 2011 release A Dramatic Turn of Events and 2013's Dream Theater.
 Henry Victor Dyson Dyson (1896–1975) generally known as Hugo Dyson and who signed his writings H. V. D. Dyson was an English academic and a member of the Inklings literary group. He was a committed Christian and together with J.R.R. Tolkien he helped persuade C.S. Lewis to convert to Christianity.Dyson taught English at the University of Reading from 1924 until obtaining a fellowship with Merton College Oxford in 1945.
 Jerome David Jerry Marotta (born February 6 1956 Cleveland Ohio) is a drummer currently residing in Woodstock New York. He is the brother of Rick Marotta who is also a drummer and composer.
 Raymond Harry Ray Beckett (born 1903 died 1983) was an Australian journalist newspaper editor and author.Before becoming a journalist he worked as a rouseabout in South Australia. His first position as a journalist was working for the Adelaide Advertiser where he was paid one penny per line of copy. Other positions he has held include: chief sub-editor at the Sydney Telegraph Assistant Editor of the Sunday Telegraph and the Sun-Herald and editor of the Sunday Mirror.
 Bruno Levy (born August 3 1979) is a French filmmaker photographer and artist living in New York City. His artwork deals primarily with creating dynamic relationships between audio and video. He is best known for creating interactive video paintings and 3D video installations as part of the new media collective SWEATSHOPPE which he co-founded in 2009 with Blake Shaw. He has shot and directed music videos for bands such as The Walkmen and Modeselektor.
 Vincent Millie Youmans (September 27 1898 – April 5 1946) was an American popular theatre composer and Broadway producer.
 Higuchi Tachibana (樋口 橘 Tachibana Higuchi born March 16 1976) is a Japanese manga artist known for her works of Gakuen Alice and Portrait of M and N. In year 1996 she first made her professional debut in Bessatsu Hana to Yume's 5th issue entitled 5 Gatsu no Sakura (5月のサクラ The Cherry Blossoms of May).With an interview with Tokyopop she gave a detailed look on how she started as a manga artist.I first submitted a manga story a while after I graduated from high school.
 Emily Fiegenschuh is an artist and children's book illustrator whose work has also appeared in role-playing games.
 Lucy Kaplansky (born February 16 1960) is an American folk musician based in New York City. Kaplansky has a Ph.D. in clinical psychology from Yeshiva University.
 Gangubai Hangal (Kannada: ಗಂಗೂಬಾಯಿ ಹಾನಗಲ್) (5 March 1913 – 21 July 2009) was an Indian singer of the khyal genre of Hindustani classical music who was known for her deep and powerful voice. Hangal belonged to the Kirana gharana.
 Ramón Alva de la Canal (b. Mexico City August 29 1892 – d. Mexico City April 4 1985) was a Mexican painter illustrator and educator one of the pioneers of the Mexican muralism movement.He was born Ramón Pascual Loreto José Alva de la Canal on August 29 1892 in the Tacubaya now a neighborhood of Mexico City. He received his artistic training at the Academy of San Carlos and then at the Escuela de Pintural al Aire Libre in Coyoacán under Alfredo Ramos Martínez.
 Jorge Orta (born 1953) is a Paris-based Italian-Argentinian contemporary visual artist.
 Xandee is a stage name of Sandy Boets (born 18 December 1978) Flemish singer who represented Belgium at the Eurovision Song Contest 2004. At the age of 16 she founded the pop duo Touch of Joy with Serge (Sergio) Quisquater. Sergio and his band Sergio & The Ladies represented Belgium in ESC 2002 with the song Sister.At the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 in Istanbul Xandee sang the dance uptempo song 1 Life in the contest.
 Robert Zimansky (born 20 April 1948 Iowa City Iowa) is an American violinist living in Zurich.After early studies with John Ferrell at the University of Iowa Zimansky studied at the Juilliard School in New York with Sally Thomas and Ivan Galamian. He came to Europe in 1972 and held 1st Concertmaster positions in Munich Stuttgart the Lucerne Festival Orchestra the Zurich Symphony Orchestra and the Orchestre de la Suisse Romande in Geneva.
 Ned (Edwin) Pratt (born 1964) is a Canadian photographer based in St. John's Newfoundland.Pratt grew up in the community of St. Catherine's in St. Mary's Bay Newfoundland. In 1986 he graduated with a BA in Art History from Acadia University then moved on to the University of British Columbia to study architecture.
 Lesley Fitz-Simons (23 September 1961 – 26 January 2013) was a Scottish actress best known for playing the role of Sheila Ramsay in STV's Take the High Road.She was born in East Dunbartonshire in 1961 and had an early role as a teenager in the television series The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie in 1978.
 Joseph Lee Green (born 1931) is an American science fiction author and a charter member of the Science Fiction Writers of America. He is a prolific short story author best known for his novel Gold the Man. His work has been translated into German Italian Spanish French Polish and Dutch.
 Lance Jordan is an American DJ/Producer/Musician/Songwriter. He is best known for his original productions remixes and collaborations with the likes of such artists as Rosko Tom Geiger Nadia Ali Marta C. and John Creamer & Stephane K. In 2003 Jordan with Creamer & K created the indie house music label NY Love Records which produced a string of dance hits most notably Rosko's 2005 anthem Love Is A Drug which went to #1 on the U.S.
 Grace Hodgson Flandrau (April 23 1886 – December 27 1971) was an American author of novels short stories and journalistic pieces. Although she achieved a certain degree of critical acclaim for several of her novels short stories and some of her journalism career during the 1920s '30s and '40s she faded from public literary view in the later part of her life.
 Vladimir Grigoryevich Tretchikoff (Владимир Григорьевич Трéтчиков 26 December 1913—Old Style 13 December—in Petropavlovsk Russian Empire now Petropavl in Kazakhstan – 26 August 2006 in Cape Town South Africa) was one of the most commercially successful artists of all time - his painting Chinese Girl (popularly known as The Green Lady) is one of the best selling art prints of the twentieth century.Tretchikoff was a self-taught artist who painted realistic figures portraits still life and animals with subjects often inspired by his early life in China Singapore and Indonesia and later life in South Africa. 
 Kate Claxton (August 24 1848 – May 5 1924) was an American actress born Kate Elizabeth Cone at Somerville New Jersey to Spencer Wallace Cone and Josephine Martinez. She made her first appearance on the stage in Chicago with Lotta Crabtree in 1870 and in the same year joined Augustin Daly's Fifth Avenue Theatre in New York. In 1872 she became a member of A. M. Palmer's Union Square Theatre playing largely comedy roles.
 Raghu Babu is a Telugu famous comedian well known for his comic expressions & timing in many successful films in Telugu industry who is the elder son of famous comedian and character actor Giri Babu. He got married in 1988. He played a crucial role in comedy part in movies establishing himself as the director's pick in several Telugu films. He is a Nandi Award nominee for a Telugu film. He is ready to debut as a director very soon.
 Vincent Glinsky (18 December 1895 – March 19 1975) was an American artist.
 Barbara Delinsky (born August 9 1945 in Boston Massachusetts U.S.A. as Barbara Ruth Greenberg.) is an American writer of romance novels including 19 New York Times bestsellers. She has also been published under the pen names Bonnie Drake and Billie Douglass.
 Bernardino Campilius was an Italian painter and follower of Lo Spagna at Spoleto. His name was written beneath a fresco of The Virgin adoring the Infant on the Piazza San Gregorio at Spoleto and bears the date of 1502.
 Brídín Ní Bhraonáin professionally known as Brídín Brennan is an Irish pop singer from Dobhar (Dore) Gweedore County Donegal. She is the sister of Moya Brennan and Enya and has also toured with family-band Clannad.
 Kathleen Edwards (born July 11 1978) is a Canadian singer-songwriter and musician. Her 2003 debut album Failer contained the singles Six O'Clock News and Hockey Skates. Her next two albums - Back to Me and Asking for Flowers - both made the Billboard 200 list and reached the top 10 of Billboard's Top Heatseekers chart. In 2012 Edwards' fourth studio album Voyageur became Edwards' first album to crack the top 100 and top 40 in the U.S. peaking at #39 on the U.S.
 Einar Hålien (born 17 November 1963) is a Norwegian editor.He was born in Fagernes. He was hired as a journalist in the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation in 1989 and led the district offices of the Broadcasting Corporation in Nordland from 1993 to 1995 and Hordaland from 1995 to 1997. He was appointed chief editor of the large regional newspaper Bergens Tidende in 1997 and became director in Schibsted in 2008.
 Not to be confused with Adrián Carlos Olivares another member of MenudoCarlos Emmanuel Olivero (born July 16 1989 in Chicago) better known as Carlito Olivero is an American singer and actor of Puerto Rican and Mexican descent. From 2007–09 he was part of the Latin boy band Menudo after taking part in MTV's Making Menudo. Moving to Los Angeles in 2009 he appeared various singing and acting events and in 2012 appeared in the film We the Party directed by Mario Van Peebles.
 Conrad Hommel (Mainz 16 February 1883 - Sielbeck 11 November 1971) was a German painter. He was best known for his portraits of leading German entrepreneurs such as Max Grundig Herbert Quandt and politicians such as Paul von Hindenburg Adolf Hitler and Hermann Göring.
 Alain Patrice Nganang (born 1970) is a Cameroonian writer poet and teacher.He was born in Yaoundé Cameroon and was educated in Cameroon and Germany. He was awarded a Ph.D. in comparative literature at the Johann Wolfgang Goethe University. During 2006–2007 he was the Randolph Distinguished Visiting Associate Professor of German Studies at Vassar College.
 Asa Nonami (乃南アサ Nonami Asa born 19 August 1960) is a Japanese crime fiction and horror writer. She is a member of the Mystery Writers of Japan.
 Eugenio Da Venezia (November 9 1900 – September 8 1992) was an Italian painter. He was a member of the group known as I Giovani di Palazzo Carminati (the youths of Palazzo Carminati). This group rejected the prevailing style of the Italian Academy at the beginning of the 20th century. Da Venezia painted in a post-impressionist style influenced by the Venetian tradition of the vedutisti.
 David Tidhar (7 June 1897 - 15 December 1970) was a Jewish-Israeli police officer private detective and author.Tidhar was born in Jaffa and served in the Palestine Police Force in Jerusalem. In 1926 he left the force and established his own private investigation office in Tel Aviv. This attracted the notice of author Shlomo Ben-Yisrael who founded The Detective Library in 1930 a series of chapbooks which featured the adventures of David Tidhar: The First Hebrew Detective.
 David Brophy is an Irish conductor. He is the Principal Conductor of the RTÉ Concert Orchestra.
 Fariba Vafi is an Iranian writer. She was born in Tabriz on 1 January 1963 in a middle-class family.
 Severino Gazzelloni (January 5 1919 – November 21 1992) was an Italian flute player.
 Dean Anthony Gratton (born 1968) is an author and columnist specializing in wireless communications.He was born in Cardiff and secured his first software engineering role with Coinmaster Manufacturing Limited (later Coinmaster Gaming Products Limited) Penarth Road Cardiff which entered into administrative receivership March 2003.Gratton moved to Cambridge England in the mid-1990s to further his career in software engineering.
 Guy Davis (born May 12 1952) is an American blues guitarist and banjo player actor and musician. He is the son of actors Ruby Dee and the late Ossie Davis.
 Carol Lynn Maillard (born 1951) is an African-American actress singer and composer. She was one of the founding members of the a cappella ensemble Sweet Honey in the Rock.
 Alicja Trout is a Memphis-based American rock guitarist singer songwriter and artist. She is best known for her work with the synth-heavy Lost Sounds which she started with Jay Reatard. Her current band the River City Tanlines were named an essential Memphis band by Spin Magazine in December 2007.Trout also owns and operates Contaminated Records her own independent record label. In 2009 she was featured on the MTV show $5 Cover.
 Richard Peter Davis (born December 30 1957 in Chicago Illinois) is an American guitarist and bandleader who is Chicago-based. He is the son of the late Nathan Davis of feature film and television fame and a co-founder/current member of the rhythm and blues band known as the Chicago Catz.
 Robert Ruark (December 29 1915 in Wilmington North Carolina – July 1 1965 in London England) was an American author syndicated columnist and big game hunter.
 Alberto Pisa (Ferrara March 19 1864 - 1936) was an Italian painter often painting ruins landscapes and garden views in bright watercolor.
 Tony Brock (born in Poole Dorset England on 31 March 1954) is a British rock drummer who is perhaps best-known as the drummer and occasional vocalist for the English group The Babys.He was originally a drummer for Spontaneous Combustion. Through his tenure with The Babys he enjoyed the respect of his fellow musicians and has since accompanied Rod Stewart Roy Orbison Jimmy Barnes and Elton John.He now has his own studio and specialises in engineering and production.
 Lorraine Bethel is an African-American lesbian feminist poet and author. She is a graduate of Yale University.Bethel has taught and lectured on black women's literature and black female culture at various institutions. She currently works as a freelance journalist in New York City.
 Hayashi Hōkō (林 鳳岡 January 11 1644 – July 22 1732) also known as Hayashi Nobutatsu was a Japanese Neo-Confucian scholar teacher and administrator in the system of higher education maintained by the Tokugawa bakufu during the Edo period.
 James David Kirylo (born 1958 in Italy) is a university professor who teaches courses that examine concepts associated with critical pedagogy teacher leadership diversity and literacy. He is the author and editor of numerous publications. His latest book Paulo Freire: The Man from Recife is one of the most comprehensive texts in English on the life and thought of Paulo Freire significantly contributing to Freirean scholarship.
 Ercole Procaccini the Elder (1520 – 1595) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period mainly active in Milan. He was born in Bologna. He painted an Annunciation for the church of San Benedetto a Conversion of St. Paul and a Christ in the Garden for San Giacomo Maggiore a St. Michael defeating the rebel Angels for San Bernardo and a Deposition from the Cross for the church of Santo Stefano.
 J.Period (born 12 February 1975 in Los Angeles California) is a Brooklyn-based Mixtape DJ remixer and hip-hop producer. He is best known for producing Official Mixtape collaborations with Q-Tip John Legend Nas Big Daddy Kane Lauryn Hill The Roots The Isley Brothers and Mary J.
 Marcos Martín is a critically acclaimed Eisner Award-winning Spanish comic book artist who has worked in American comics. His notable works include Batgirl: Year One Doctor Strange: The Oath Breach The Amazing Spider-Man and Daredevil. He has also produced numerous covers for Marvel Comics and DC Comics.In 2013 he founded Panel Syndicate an online publisher of DRM-Free pay what you want webcomics in multiple languages to publish his and Brian K.
 Ernest Sefton was a British film actor. He was the brother of Violet Loraine.
 Chowdhury Gulam Akbar (16 September 1921 – 29 December 1988) was a Bangladeshi writer. He served in the Bangla Academy of Bangladesh as the collector of Bengali folk literature.
 Evan Cranley is a Canadian musician based in Montreal Quebec. He records with the bands Stars and Broken Social Scene although he considered joining the band Metric before finally joining Stars.
 Sally Wentworth was the pseudonym used by Doreen Hornsblow (died 2001) a British romance writer of 70 romance novels in Mills & Boon's from 1977 to 1999.
 Francesco Coleman (1851–1918) was an Italian painter. He was the son of the English painter Charles Coleman and brother of the better-known Italian painter Enrico Coleman. He was known as a painter in oil and in water-colour of the people and landscapes of the Campagna Romana and Agro Pontino and of oriental subjects.
 Clem Clempson (born David Clempson 5 September 1949 Tamworth Staffordshire England) is an English rock guitarist who has played as a member in a number of bands including Colosseum and Humble Pie.
 Kazuyo Aoki (青木 和代 Aoki Kazuyo born August 27 1947 in Tokyo Japan) is a Japanese voice actress employed by the talent management firm Kiraboshi.
 Phyllis Shalant (born 1949) is an American author of both fiction and non-fiction children's scholastic books.
 Mauli Dave (Gujarati: મૌલી દવે born 3 June 1987) is an Indian American singer actor dancer and television host. She was a finalist on Zee TV's Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge 2007. She was also a finalist in Sony Entertainment's Chalo America Boogie Woogie in 2003 and was crowned Miss Teen India Texas 2007. Mauli then decided to move to Mumbai at the age of 19 to pursue a career in music and acting.
 Thomas Savage (April 25 1915 – July 25 2003) was an American author of 13 novels published between 1944 and 1988. He is best known for his Western novels which drew on early experiences in the American West.
 Andersen Gabrych is an American comic book writer and actor. He was born on September 4 1973 in Tokyo Japan and raised in Chico California where he was known as Ande.
 Ebiet G. Ade (born Abid Ghoffar Aboe Dja’far; 21 April 1954) is an Indonesian singer and songwriter. His musical styles are pop ballad and country. He has released 21 studio albums and 25 compilation albums.
 Georgios Jakobides (Γεώργιος Ιακωβίδης Lesbos 11 January 1853 - Athens 13 December 1932) was a Greek painter and one of the main representatives of the Greek artistic movement of the Munich School. He founded and was the first curator of the National Gallery of Greece in Athens.
 Liam O'Flynn (Irish: Liam Ó Floinn born 15 April 1945) is a uilleann piper and Irish traditional musician.
 Brandon Kyle Saller (born June 24 1983) is the drummer and vocalist of metalcore band Atreyu. He is responsible for the melodic singing found in the band's music. He is the band's primary songwriter along with guitarist Dan Jacobs. Following Atreyu's hiatus in 2011 Saller brought his side project the Black Cloud Collective into the media renaming it as Hell or Highwater who released a full length album entitled Begin Again in 2011.
 Marvin Lionel Bender (1934–2008) was an American author and linguist.
 Susanna Moore (born December 9 1945) in Bryn Mawr Pennsylvania is an American writer.Susanna Moore grew up in Hawaii.
 La Lupe (born Guadalupe Victoria Yolí Raymond) (Santiago de Cuba 23 December 1939 – Bronx New York City New York 29 February 1992) was a Cuban singer of several musical genres: boleros guarachas and Latin soul in particular. Known for her energetic sometimes controversial performances she is considered by many to be one of the leading singers in the salsa music genre.
 Elliot Liebow (1925-1994) was an American urban anthropologist and ethnographer. His works include Tally's Corner and Tell Them Who I Am both being micro-sociological writings shaped as participant observer studies of people in poor areas.Tally's Corner was his PhD dissertation for Catholic University of America.New York Times obituary
 Bhinda Jatt is a Punjabi language bhangra singer-songwriter. He was born and raised in San Joaquin County California.
 Harry Haag James (March 15 1916 – July 5 1983) was an actor and musician best known as a trumpeter who led a swing band during the Big Band Swing Era of the 1930s and 1940s. He was especially known among musicians for his astonishing technical proficiency as well as his superior tone.
 Rick Wilber is an American author poet and editor. He has published more than thirty-five short stories in magazines such as Aboriginal SF Analog Asimov's Science Fiction Fantasy & Science Fiction Pulphouse and SF Age; and in anthologies such as Alien Sex and Chrysalis.
 Tae Jin-ah (Hangul: 태진아; born on April 5 1953) is the stage name of South Korean veteran trot singer Jo Bang-hun (Cho Bang-hun).
 Robert von Stein Redick is an American author. He was born on December 4 1967 in Charlottesville Virginia. He attended the University of Virginia where he studied English and Russian and went to graduate school at the University of Florida where he earned a Master’s in tropical conservation and development.
 Rozalind MacPhail is a Canadian singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.
 Johnny Mann (born August 30 1928 Baltimore Maryland) is an American arranger composer conductor entertainer and recording artist.
 Fabrice de Nola is an Italian-Belgian artist born in Messina (Sicily) in 1964. He introduced the use of QR codes in oil paintings. In 2006 he created the first oil paintings containing texts and web connections to be used on mobile phones.
 John Tartaglione (January 14 1921 – November 12 2003) a.k.a. 'John Tartag. and other pseudonyms was an American comic book artist best known as a 1950s romance-comics artist; a Marvel Comics inker during the Silver Age of comic books; and the illustrator of the Marvel biographies The Life of Pope John Paul II and Mother Teresa of Calcutta the first of which at least sold millions of copies worldwide in several languages.
 Jo Budd (fl. 1980 -) is an English artist specialising in creating art from textiles. Trained as a Fine Artist her work could be described as Quilt Art but frequently contains both collage and/or printing.
 Tom Cullberg is an artist born in Stockholm Sweden in 1972. He currently lives and works in Cape Town South Africa and is represented by BRUNDYN + GONSALVES.
 Henry Pierre Villierme (born August 21 1928) is an American painter associated with abstract expressionism and the Bay Area Figurative Movement. Villierme is considered one of the Second Generation members of the Bay Area Figurative Movement. Villierme first rose to prominence with a series of successful exhibitions in the late 1950s. From the 1960s – 1980s Villierme continued to paint and sculpt in his studio and in the late 1980s returned to public exhibitions.
 Louis-René des Forêts (January 28 1918–December 31 2001) was a French writer.
 Kyōko Kagawa (香川 京子 Kagawa Kyōko born 5 December 1931) is a Japanese actress famous for her roles in films such as Tokyo Story and High and Low. She has appeared in 118 films. Her most recent film was Ballad in 2009.
 José Antonio Lacayo de Briones y Palacios (1679–1756) was an intendant or intendente (a type of viceroyal governor) in Central America during the Spanish colonial period. He was Governor of Costa Rica from 1713 to 1717 and Governor of Nicaragua from 1740 to 1745.
 Alexandre Pires do Nascimento (born January 8 1976 in Uberlândia Minas Gerais Brazil) is a Brazilian singer. Pires was previously the singer of group Só Pra Contrariar which he joined in the late 80s.Pires began his career playing a new and more apelative style of samba that is known as Pagode and more romantic too that used to be known as Samba-canção and now is known as Samba Romântico. After his rhythm and melody started to become a little more romantic.
 Sheng Junfeng (Chinese: 盛峻峰; pinyin: Shèng Jùnfēng; born 1923) better known by his pen name Cao Ying (simplified Chinese: 草婴; traditional Chinese: 草嬰; pinyin: Cǎo Yīng) he is a Chinese translator who had been honored by the Government of the Russian Federation.He is most notable for being one of the main translators into Chinese of the works of Russian novelists Leo Tolstoy and Mikhail Sholokhov.
 David Dave Mann ((1940-09-10)September 10 1940 – September 11 2004(2004-09-11)) was a California graphic artist whose paintings celebrated biker culture and choppers. Called the biker world's artist-in-residence his images are ubiquitous in biker clubhouses and garages on motorcycle gas tanks tattoos and on t-shirts and other memorabilia associated with biker culture.
 Mario Barravecchia (born 16 November 1976) or simply Mario is an Italo-Belgian who was the finalist of the first edition of French TV reality show Star Academy. His first single On se ressemble was a hit in France and Belgium.
 Lions of Medina is a book written by historian Doyle Glass first published by Coleche Press on May 1 2007 and subsequently by NAL Caliber (Penguin) on July 1 2008.
 Mark Arm (born Mark McLaughlin on February 21 1962) is the vocalist for the grunge band Mudhoney. His former group Green River is one of the first grunge bands along with Malfunkshun Soundgarden Skin Yard the U-Men and others. He is also the manager of the Sub Pop warehouse and previously worked at Fantagraphics Books.
 Majeed Amjad (Urdu: مجید امجد‎) (June 29 1914 – May 11 1974) was an acclaimed Urdu poet from Pakistan. In popular culture Amjad's poetry readers are less than Faiz Ahmed Faiz Noon Meem Rashid Nasir Kazmi or Meeraji but amongst many critics he is regarded as a philosophical poet of depth and sensitivity. His ghazals have also been sung by various Pakistani singers.
 Roderick A. Roddy Maude-Roxby (born 2 April 1930) is an English actor.London-born Maude-Roxby has appeared in numerous films such as The Aristocats Unconditional Love and Clint Eastwood's White Hunter Black Heart playing Thompson. He has also made theatrical and television appearances (i.e.The Goodies Rowan and Martin's Laugh In Not Only But Also and The Establishment). He won the Theatre of the Year Award for Best Comic New York in 1968 for his stand-up work.
 Melissa Ann Lawson (born April 10 1976) is an American country music singer. On August 4 2008 she was declared the winner of the television program Nashville Star a country music singing competition which aired on NBC. Signed to Warner Bros. Records Nashville she released her debut single What If It All Goes Right that year and charted on Hot Country Songs with it.
 Ken MacLeod (born 2 August 1954) is a Scottish science fiction writer.
 Bert Tracy was a British actor. He also directed one film Boots! Boots! in 1934 which marked the film debut of George Formby as an adult.
 Francesco Zuccarelli RA (15 August 1702 – 30 December 1788) was an Italian painter of the late Baroque period.
 Natasja Saad (October 31 1974 - June 24 2007) also known as Dou T' Little T and Natasja was a Danish rapper and reggae singer. While already relatively successful in her native Denmark her vocals on a popular reggae fusion remix of Calabria gained her worldwide fame and a number one spot on Billboard's Hot Dance Airplay chart six months after her death in a car accident.
 Nanase Ohkawa (大川七瀬 Ōkawa Nanase born May 2 1967) is a member of the all-female manga-creating team Clamp. She is the director of the team and is primarily responsible for writing the stories and scripts for Clamp's various works.As part of Clamp's 15th Anniversary each of the four members changed their names reportedly because they wanted to try out the new monikers. Ohkawa changed her name to Ageha Ohkawa (大川 緋芭 Ōkawa Ageha) in 2004.
 Kanika Kapoor is an Indian Punjabi Sufi folk singer from the United Kingdom.
 Louise Fribo (born July 3 1970) is a Danish singer actress and dancer.Fribo who studied the violin from age 4 and was trained as a classical dancer from age 7 made her motion picture debut as Lisa in the 1986 Danish feature film Barndommens gade (Childhood's Street) based on a novel by Tove Ditlevsen and directed by Palme d'Or winning director Astrid Henning-Jensen.Fribo attended from 1986 to 1989 the Bush Davies School of Theatre Arts in East Grinstead and made her stage debut in Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical Cats at Operettenhaus Hamburg where she sang the part of Cinderella in Stephen SOndheim's Into the Woods in the 1990-91 season. 
 Finn Carling (1 October 1925 – 12 March 2004) was a Norwegian novelist playwright poet and essayist. He was born in Oslo. He made his literary debut in 1949 with Broen (two short stories and a one-act play).Finn Carling suffered from innate cerebral palsy and described his childhood and adolescence with this handicap in the autobiographical novel Kilden og muren (1958).He received the Arts Council Norway Honorary Award in 1999.
 Jorge Antonio Cafrune (Jujuy August 8 1937 - Buenos Aires February 1 1978 ) was one of the most popular Argentinian folklorist singers of his time as well as an unflagging investigator compilator and diffuser of the native culture.
 Ghantasala Venkateswara Rao (1922–1974) was a Legendary & Distinguished Indian playback singer and music composer of Telugu films and many other languages such as Tamil Kannada Malayalam Tulu and Hindi.He was the recipient of the Padmashree award India's fourth highest civilian award.For nearly more than a quarter of a century he was the distinguished voice of Telugu films. He composed music for more than 100 movies in Telugu Tamil and Kannada films.
 Mikhail Davidovich Bernshtein (Russian: Михаил Давидович Бернштейн) (January 28 1875 Rostov-on-Don – May 9 1960 Leningrad) was a Jewish Russian and Soviet painter and art educator who lived and worked in Leningrad a member of the Leningrad Union of Soviet Artists professor of the Repin Institute of Arts who played an important role in the formation of the Leningrad School of Painting.
 Dave Dudley (May 3 1928 – December 22 2003) born David Darwin Pedruska was an American country music singer best known for his truck-driving country anthems of the 1960s and 1970s and his semi-slurred baritone. His signature song was Six Days on the Road and he is also remembered for Vietnam Blues Truck Drivin' Son-of-a-Gun and Me and ol' C.B.. Other recordings included Dudley's duet with Tom T.
 Gilberto Aceves Navarro full name Gilberto Horacio Pafnuncio Aceves Navarro (born September 24 1931 in Mexico City) is a Mexican painter and sculptor and a professor at the Escuela Nacional de Artes Plásticas and Academy of San Carlos. He has had over 200 individual exhibits of his work with his murals found in Mexico Japan and the United States.
 Levi Yehoshua Shapiro (Yiddish: ל. שאַפּיראָ born 1878 died 1948) better known as Lamed Shapiro (that is the initial for the Hebrew letter lamed) was an American Yiddish-language writer. His stories are best known for such themes as murder rape and cannibalism.
 Jack Pender (1918–1998) was an English artist.Pender was born in Mousehole Cornwall. He started to paint in 1936 and went to the Penzance School of Art in 1938. At the end of the war he spent a short time in Greece at the Athens School of Art and then the Exeter College of Art. He was a member of the Newlyn Society of Artists and the Penwith Society of Arts and exhibited regularly in St.
 Ellona Rano Santiago (born August 1 1996) is a Filipino-born American singer from San Lorenzo California. She was a contestant on American television show The X Factor. In season 1 she was a part of the ten-member group InTENsity mentored by Paula Abdul which came in 12th place. Santiago returned in season 3 where she was mentored by Demi Lovato and placed 6th overall out of 16 finalists.
 Alyssia Vibha Sharma is an Indian popstar who released her first album in the 1990s. She made her foray into Indian pop domain with her debut album Mehandi (2000) HMV SaReGaMa Records which was extremely well received by the music lovers and was one of the top 3 best selling private albums of that year. The title song Mehandi Lagaoongi Main became a superhit.
 Pietro Saja (Sessano del Molise 1779 - Naples 1833) was an Italian painter active in Naples and Caserta in a Neoclassical style.
 Elizabeth Catlett Mora (April 15 1915 – April 2 2012) was an American-born (African-American) sculptor and printmaker. Catlett is best known for the black expressionistic sculptures and prints she produced during the 1960s and 1970s which are seen as politically charged.
 Kong Som Eun (born 1947?) was a famous Cambodian actor and film director who ruled the Cambodian film industry from the mid-1960s through the early 70s.
 George Frederick Maine is a Scottish author and editor.Most of his work was leather-bound and published by Collins.
 Billy Tan Mung Khoy commonly known as Billy Tan is a Malaysian comic book artist.
 Masami Tsuda (津田 雅美 Tsuda Masami born in Kanagawa Prefecture Japan on 9 July 1970) is a Japanese manga artist. She specialises in shōjo manga the most famous being Kare Kano: His and Hers Circumstances which is set in Kanagawa.Since finishing Kare Kano: His and Hers Circumstances she wrote the series Chotto Edo Made which appeared in LaLa from May 2008 through August 2011 and has started work on Hinoko premiering in LaLa in March 2012.
 Ken Currie (born 1960 North Shields England) is a Scottish artist.
 William Boyd Allison Davis (October 14 1902 – November 21 1983) was an educator anthropologist writer researcher and scholar. He was considered one of the most promising black scholars of his generation and became the first African-American to hold a full faculty position at a major white university when he joined the staff of the University of Chicago in 1942 where he would spend the balance of his academic life.
 Frederick Lowenheim (1870 - November 14 1929) was widely known for his front page magazine illustrations of the Country Gentleman and Woman's Home Companion.
 Eugène de Kermadec (1899 Paris – 1976) was a French painter.
 TaJuan Perry better known as Big Noyd is an American emcee from the Queensbridge projects in the New York City borough of Queens. He is closely affiliated with Mobb Deep and he is featured on all of their albums except Blood Money. He is of Puerto Rican and African American descent. He also has one daughter born Tiara Perry who still lives in the Queens area.
 Luís Fernando Veríssimo (born September 26 1936 in Porto Alegre Rio Grande do Sul Brazil) is a Brazilian writer. Verissimo is the son of Brazilian writer Erico Verissimo and lived with his father in the United States during his childhood.Best known for his chronicles and texts of humor more precisely satire of manners published daily in several Brazilian newspapers Verissimo is also a cartoonist translator and television writer playwright and novelist.
 Robin Hughes Harris (August 30 1953 – March 18 1990) was an American comedian and actor known for his recurring comic sketch about Bébé's Kids.
 George Davis (February 4 1906 – 25 November 1957) was an influential American fiction editor and novelist.
 Jonathan McCollum (born August 16 1980) better known by his stage name Rittz is an American rapper from Gwinnett County Georgia. He is currently signed to Tech N9ne's Strange Music label. His debut album The Life and Times of Jonny Valiant was released on April 30 2013.
 Matthew Pearl is an American novelist and educator. His novels include The Dante Club The Poe Shadow The Last Dickens and The Technologists. Editions have been published in more than 40 countries.
 Gerald Rydel Simpson (born 16 February 1967 Moss Side Manchester England) better known as A Guy Called Gerald is a British musician record producer and DJ.He is best known for his early work in the Manchester acid house scene in the late 1980s and the track Voodoo Ray. At that time he specialised in techno music produced using equipment such as the Roland TB-303 bass synthesiser and the TR-808 drum machine.
 Kevin Devine is an American songwriter and musician from Brooklyn New York who is known for melodic acoustic songs with alternately introspective political lyrics. He is a contemporary member of the underground indie rock and indie folk musical scenes and his influences range from older indie artists such as Neutral Milk Hotel Elliott Smith and Pavement to more mainstream and well known acts such as Nirvana and Bob Dylan.
 Daniel Davies Gans (October 25 1956 – May 1 2009) was an American singer comedian and vocal impressionist.
 Lorenzo Garbieri (1580 – 5 April 1654) was an Italian painter of the early-Baroque period active mainly in Bologna. He was one of the painters in the studio of Ludovico Carracci and is sometimes called il nipote dei Carracci. He painted the Plague of Milan in the chapel of San Carlo at the church of the Barnabites. He painted St. Paul resuscitating a youth for the church of the Philippines in Fano. he painted the Martyrdom of St. Felicita and her seven sons for San Maurizio in Mantua.
 Megan Ann Ganz is an American comedy writer and former associate editor of The Onion. She was a writer on the NBC series Community for three years but in 2013 she left to write for Modern Family. She is also the sister-in-law of Dropkick Murphys guitarist Tim Brennan.
 Kenny Clarke (January 9 1914 – January 26 1985) born Kenneth Spearman Clarke nicknamed Klook and later known as Liaqat Ali Salaam was a jazz drummer and bandleader. He was a major innovator of the bebop style of drumming. As the house drummer at Minton's Playhouse in the early 1940s he participated in the after hours jams that led to the birth of Be-Bop which in turn led to modern jazz.
 Basil Cheesman Bunting (1 March 1900 – 17 April 1985) was a significant British modernist poet whose reputation was established with the publication of Briggflatts in 1966. He had a lifelong interest in music that led him to emphasise the sonic qualities of poetry particularly the importance of reading poetry aloud. He was an accomplished reader of his own work and a born modernist.
 John Michael McDonagh is an English-born film director and screenwriter of Irish descent. He wrote and directed The Guard and Calvary. His brother is the playwright and filmmaker Martin McDonagh.
 Anders Abraham Grafström (10 January 1790 – 24 July 1870) was a Swedish historian priest and poet.
 Hagar Wilde (July 7 1905 – September 25 1971) was a writer for Hollywood films and television shows in the late thirties till the late fifties.
 Gavin Bradley is an award-winning Canadian singer-songwriter and producer based in Toronto who has worked with artists like Nelly Furtado Tori Amos and Jane Siberry. Fusing acoustic and electronic elements his work is identifiable for its signature warm piano sound and live strings mixed with filtered synthesizers and other electronic manipulations 1. Besides production Bradley is a solo recording artist. His debut album 'Deep Freeze' was released on UMI Records in 2006.
 Matthias Reim (born 26 November 1957 in Korbach Hesse) is a German singer-songwriter. His 1990 single Verdammt ich lieb' dich (Damn I love you) was a hit in several European countries and spent sixteen consecutive weeks at the No.1 spot in the German charts. He unexpectedly returned 23 years later to No.1 on the charts with Unendlich in February 2013.
 Eddie Langlois (Crescent City January 15 1936 - Slidell Louisiana 1985) was an American singer and guitarist. He recorded first for Ric Ron under the stage name Eddie Lang (causing confusion with the jazz guitarist Eddie Lang who had died in 1933) but wrote songs under his own name Langlois. He later recorded as Sly Dell.
 John Kenneth Albers (December 10 1924 – April 19 2007) was an American singer who performed with The Four Freshmen from 1956 to 1982.Albers was born in Woodbury New Jersey. He served in the U.S. Army during World War II and attended the Philadelphia Conservatory of Music.Albers sang with The Stuarts Quartet prior to joining The Four Freshmen in 1956.
 Seyyid Kasim Gubari of Diyarbakır is recorded as being responsible for much of the calligraphy of the Sultan Ahmed Mosque (the Blue Mosque) in Istanbul he was commissioned to write verses from the Quran throughout the mosque. He was also said to be one of the greatest calligraphers of his day.
 Michael Hardcastle (born 1933) is a British author of sports fiction for children. He has written more than one hundred and forty books on a range of sporting subjects but is probably best known for his books about Association Football. In 1988 he was awarded an MBE in recognition of his services to children's literature.
 Madeleine Thien (born 1974) is a Canadian short story writer and novelist.Born in Vancouver British Columbia she was educated at Simon Fraser University and the University of British Columbia. Thien was a finalist for Writers' Trust of Canada's RBC Bronwen Wallace Award for Emerging Writers in 1999 and in 2001 she was awarded the Canadian Authors Association Air Canada Award for most promising Canadian writer under age 30.
 Keren Jane Woodward (born 2 April 1961 Bristol England) is an English pop singer and songwriter of British girl group Bananarama co-founded by her school friend Sara Dallin and Irish musician Siobhan Fahey.She has known her bandmate Dallin since she was four when they met at Bromley Heath primary school. She studied at Rodway Secondary Modern School.
 Neha Verma (Devanāgarī: नेहा वेर्मा) is an Indian singer and a finalist on Sa Re Ga Ma Pa L'il Champs who advanced to fifth place with public votes.
 Ângelo César Cardoso de Sousa (February 2 1938 – March 29 2011) was a Portuguese painter sculptor draftsman and professor better known for continuously experimenting new techniques in his works. He was seen as a scholar of light and colour who explored minimalism in new radical ways.[citation needed]He was born in Lourenço Marques (now Maputo) in 1938 and in 1955 he moved to Porto where he enrolled in the School of Fine Artes.
 Madhu Mangesh Karnik (Devanagari: मधु मंगेश कर्णिक) (b.
 Winifred Hamrick Farrar (5 March 1923 – 6 November 2010) was the Poet Laureate of Mississippi from 1978 to 2010.She was born on a family farm near Collinsville. She graduated from the University of Mississippi in 1945 married Robert H. Farrar and taught English for thirty years in public schools in Meridian. She earned a Master's degree from the University of Southern Mississippi in 1962.She was appointed Poet Laureate on 31 July 1978 by Governor Cliff Finch.
 Eric Appapoulay (born 21 December 1971) is a British singer songwriter composer arranger programmer multi-instrumentalist and guitarist. Appapoulay has been the guitar player for Neneh Cherry the musical director for Daniel Bedingfield the bassist for both Plan B and Nitin Sawhney and the performing artist on the debut album Faith is Trust. Appapoulay is also currently the guitarist with Yusuf Islam.
 Henry Drisler (27 December 1818 – 30 November 1897) was an American classical scholar.
 Christopher Franke (born 6 April 1953 Berlin) is a German musician and composer. From 1971 to 1987 he was a member of the electronic group Tangerine Dream. Initially a drummer with The Agitation later renamed Agitation Free his primary focus eventually shifted to keyboards and synthesizers as the group moved away from its psychedelic rock origins.
 Tania Russof (Russian: Таня Русова Latvian: Taņa Rusova; born 7 June 1974 in Riga Latvia) is a pornographic film actress.In 1998 she won the Best Actress Award in the Berlin Venus Festival and was Penthouse Pet of the Month in September 1996 and Pet of the Year runner-up in 1999.
 Margrethe Mather (4 March 1886 – 25 December 1952) was a photographer who through her exploration of light and form helped to transform photography into a modern art.
 Chui Man-kin (born May 16 1983) better known as Chui Tien-you or Tien You or TY is an Hong Kong actor singer writer and director.
 Kiki Smith (born January 18 1954 in Nuremberg Germany) is an American artist classified as a feminist artist a movement with beginnings in the 20th century. Her Body Art is imbued with political significance undermining the traditional erotic representations of women by male artists and often exposes the inner biological systems of females as a metaphor for hidden social issues.
 Louis-François Ribié (1758–1830) was a French actor.
 Mo Willems (born February 11 1968) is an American writer animator and creator of children's books.
 Neil Francis Tennant (born 10 July 1954) is an English musician singer and songwriter who with band mate Chris Lowe makes up the electronic pop duo Pet Shop Boys and worked for the magazine Smash Hits before joining Pet Shop Boys.
 Taylor Antrim (born 1974) is a writer and editor best known for his debut novel The Headmaster Ritual. Antrim is a graduate of Stanford University and received his MFA from the University of Virginia. His journalism and reviews have appeared in Esquire The Village Voice and The New York Times. He is currently fiction critic at The Daily Beast Senior Editor at Vogue and a part-time faculty member with the Gallatin School of Individualized Study at New York University.
 Chris Womersley (born 1968 in Melbourne Victoria) is an Australian author of crime fiction short stories and poetry. He trained as a radio journalist and has travelled extensively to such places as India South-East Asia South America North America and West Africa. He currently lives in Melbourne Victoria.
 Warren Cariou is a writer and Associate Professor of English at the University of Manitoba.
 Alec Rowley (13 March 1892 – 11 January 1958) was an English composer and writer on music.He studied at London's Royal Academy of Music with Frederick Corder and later taught at Trinity College in the same city. He frequently performed and broadcast piano duets with Edgar Moy and was widely known for his compositions for amateur forces.His seven choral songs A Sailors Garland are full of good music challenging enough to make rehearsals interesting.
 Gustavo Dourado (born 1960 Ibititá Bahia) is a Brazilian teacher writer and poet. Counselor of the Writers' Union of PD and author of 13 books.He participated and coordinated the Book Fair and the Brasília Film Festival of Brasília. He was invited by the president of Brazil to write a string in honor of Ariano Suassuna. He is also director of the Academy of Arts of Taguatinga.
 Fiona Hendley is a British actress and latterly Christian speaker married to the former Manfred Mann singer and actor Paul Jones.
 Wes Benscoter is an American artist who is best known for his work album covers especially heavy metal albums. He also has made covers for magazines and books and shirt designs and his art is featured in many galleries around the world. Most of his work is done using airbrush.[citation needed] Benscoter lives in Harrisburg Pennsylvania.[citation needed]
 Robert Venable is a GRAMMY Award-nominated GMA Dove Award-winning producer mixer and engineer currently based in Nashville TN.
 Lakshmi Holmström MBE (Tamil: லக்ஷ்மி ஹோல்ம்ஸ்ட்ரோம்) is an Indian-born British writer literary critic and translator of Tamil fiction into English. Her most prominent works have been her translations of short stories and novels of the contemporary writers in Tamil like Mauni Pudhumaipithan Ashoka Mitran Sundara Ramasami C. S. Lakshmi Bama and Imayam.
 Martin Luther McCoy is an American musician and actor. The San Francisco native collaborated extensively with musicians like The Roots and Cody ChesnuTT and appears as one of the six lead characters in the 2007 Beatles musical Across the Universe in the role of Jo-Jo who reflects Jimi Hendrix.[citation needed] In the film McCoy performs the song While My Guitar Gently Weeps and provides guitar and vocals on others.McCoy goes by the stage name of Martin Luther in his music career.
 Karl Julius Weber (16 or 20 April 1767 Langenburg – 19 July 1832 Kupferzell; also written Carl Julius Weber) was a German writer.
 Eiji Miyashita (宮下 栄治 Miyashita Eiji born September 26 1978) is a Japanese voice actor affiliated with Aptepro.
 Wendy Morgan (born January 1958 Radlett Hertfordshire) is an English actress. She won the award of Best Newcomer — Actress at the Evening Standard British Film Awards in 1980.
 Kenneth Gordon (born 5 January 1982) better known by his stage name Tyler James is an English singer-songwriter signed to Island Records.James's debut single Why Do I Do? made an appearance on the UK Singles Chart in 2004 peaking at number twenty-five.
 Šaban Šaulić (born 6 September 1951) is a folk singer from Šabac Serbia who is successful throughout the whole of the former Yugoslavia and Bulgaria. He released his debut EP Dajte mi utjehu in 1969 when he was eighteen years old. In 1970 he served the mandatory Yugoslav army service in Bitola now in the Republic of Macedonia. His wife Gordana for whom he wrote and released a hit song for his 1985 album Kafanska noć titled Gordana.
 Roger Jensen (September 5 1933 - April 26 2001) was an American photographer and the first known person to actively photograph storms beginning in 1953.
 Henry Leck (born) is the founder and artistic director of the Indianapolis Children's Choir and the Indianapolis Youth Chorale and a choral clinician and specialist in voice change in boys.Leck has led local and international children's chorus festivals in Beijing Rome Hawaii and London. In 1986 he formed the Indianapolis Children's Choir which has toured the USA Russia Mexico South Africa France and Greece.
 Ximénès Doudan (1800–1872) was a French journalist.
 Cathy Sisler is an American artist born in Wisconsin.Since 1965 she has been living in Newfoundland. She is a musician writer and a touring performance artist.In 1997 her piece Lullaby for the Almost Falling Woman concerning a woman seeking employment and experiencing a series of falls won Prix de jury at the festival du Cinéma et des Nouveaux Médias. Her 1994 film Mr B.
 Dale Dixon Oehler (born 1 October 1941) is primarily known as an arranger. His style contributed to the success of much of the music he was involved with over his career. Leonard Feather once described Oehler in his Los Angeles Times Jazz column as an adaptable writer.Oehler was able to fuse various elements to enhance several genre of music he worked on including jazz pop country R&B or easy listening.
 Florence Marie Harsant (19 September 1891–19 June 1994) was a New Zealand temperance worker nurse community leader and writer. She was born in New Plymouth Taranaki New Zealand on 19 September 1891.
 Mark Jackson (born 4 September 1976 Scarborough Ontario) is a Canadian musician and songwriter.Albums:FearlessEarly MorningSingles:Rebel YellPrecious ThingsMisery Loves Company Chasing Chaos
 Brendan Bayliss (born August 11 1976 in Annapolis MD) is an American musician the founder a lead guitarist alongside fellow guitarist and band member Jake Cinninger and primary vocalist for progressive rock band Umphrey's McGee. He formed the band in 1997 and took its moniker from the name of a distant relative he met at a wedding named Humphries McGee. My father’s aunt’s sister’s son’s kid says Bayliss. He’s just a nice guy.
 Karen Marie Moning is an American author. Many of her novels have appeared on the New York Times Bestseller List with Shadowfever reaching the number one position on multiple national best sellers lists. She is a winner of the prestigious Romance Writers of America RITA award for Best Paranormal Romance and is a multiple RITA nominee.
 Prescott Niles (born Prescott Fine May 2 1954) is an American rock bassist. He is best known as bassist with The Knack who had a No. 1 US/#6 UK hit with My Sharona.As of 2013 he now plays bass with Mike Pinera's Classic Rock All-Stars.
 Cristina Pato (born August 17 1980) is a bagpiper pianist and composer.The first female Galician bagpiper to record a solo album in Spain she has released four albums as a solo bagpiper and two as a pianist.
 Lorenzo Filiasi (25 March 1878 Naples - 30 July 1963 Rome) was an Italian composer. His opera Manuel Menendez won the Sonzongo publisher's composition competition in 1904. This led to the work's premiere at the Teatro Lirico in Milan on 15 May 1904. Popularly received the opera was mounted by opera houses throughout Italy including the Teatro Costanzi in Rome and the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples in 1905.
 José Antonio Ramos Sucre (Cumaná 9 June 1890 - Geneva 13 June 1930) was a Venezuelan poet professor consul and erudite. He was a member of the Sucre family of Venezuela and the great-great-nephew of Antonio José de Sucre. He was educated at the Colegio Nacional and then at the Universidad Central de Venezuela where he studied Law Letters and Languages (ancient and modern Greek and Sanskrit).
 Torkel S Wächter a.k.a. Tamara T is a Swedish novelist and airline captain. He is praised for the depth and complexity of his works artistic integrity and command of Swedish literary language.
 Natsuna Watanabe (渡辺 夏菜 Watanabe Natsuna born May 23 1989 in Saitama Prefecture Japan) is a Japanese actress and former model. When she graduated from high-school she decided to focus her career entirely on acting.As of November 1 2009 she shortened her stage name and is now simply going by Natsuna (夏菜). In 2012 she landed the coveted lead role in the NHK Asadora Jun to Ai after an audition of over 2250 actors.
 Axel Christian Zetlitz Sømme (1899 – 1991) was a Norwegian geographer political activist magazine editor and newspaper editor.He was born in Stavanger. As a student he was politically active in the Mot Dag movement and edited the magazine Mot Dag in 1921. He was the first editor of the newspaper Rjukan Arbeiderblad.
 Manuel Sáez (born 6 March 1961) is a Spanish self-taught artist. Since 1984 he has been living and working in Valencia.
 Karen DeYoung is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American journalist and is the associate editor for The Washington Post. DeYoung was born in Florida and she grew up in St. Petersburg Florida. She received Bachelor degrees in journalism and communications from the University of Florida. After graduation DeYoung worked as a non-staff stringer in West Africa. In 1975 she joined the Post.
 Philipp Schöndorff or Philippus Schoendorff (1558 – after 1617) was a Flemish singer trumpeter and composer at the court of Rudolf II under kapellmeister Philippe de Monte as a contemporary of Carl Luython Giorgi Flori and Jacob Regnart. He was born Liége and died in Prague.
 Francesco Maria Schiaffino (1688 – January 3 1763) was an Italian sculptor of the Rococo or late-Baroque mainly active in his native city of Genoa.Born into a family of sculptors including his older brother Bernardo Schiaffino. In 1721–24 he apprenticed in the Roman studio of Camillo Rusconi. Returning to Genoa he executed such works as St Dominic for the Teatro Carlo Felice and Pluto and Proserpine sculpted for the Palazzo Reale.
 Papa Wemba was born Jules Shungu Wembadio Pene Kikumba in 1949 in Lubefu (Sankuru District Belgian Congo). He is a Congolese rumba (later known as soukous) musician one of Africa's most popular musicians and prominent in world music.
 Danny Wylde stage name of Christopher Daniel Zeischegg (born October 21 1985) is a pornographic actor writer musician and filmmaker.
 Kuba Shaaban : ((Adyghe: Кубэ Шабан ); (Arabic: كوبا شعبان‎); (Russian: Кубов Шабан)) (15 January 1890 – 20 January 1974) was a Russian;(Circassian ethnic) Writer historian and playwright.
 Jerry Best (born as Gerard John Best on May 8 1963 in Queens New York) is a Los Angeles-based hard rock bassist songwriter and composer active since 1984. He has played with bands such as Lion Dio Freak Of Nature and Heavy Bones. Jerry was first introduced to his instrument by his older brother Tom who showed him how to play the basic chords.The most well-known works Best has played in include the theme song for the Transformers movie and the album Power Love with the band Lion.
 Josh Joplin is an American singer-songwriter.
 Kayna Samet is a French singer of soul hip-hop and R&B born in 1980 in Nice.
 Juan Ramón Jiménez Mantecón (23 December 1881 – 29 May 1958) was a Spanish poet a prolific writer who received the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1956. One of Jiménez's most important contributions to modern poetry was his advocacy of the French concept of pure poetry.
 Kid Vinil is the stage name of Antônio Carlos Senefonte (Cedral 10 March 1955) who has become famous in the world of the Brazilian rock of the 80s. He is singer radio broadcaster composer and journalist.
 Charles Joseph Kickham (9 May 1828 – 22 August 1882) was an Irish revolutionary novelist poet journalist and one of the most prominent members of the Irish Republican Brotherhood.
 Carlos Vaz Ferreira (October 15 1872 – January 3 1958) was an Uruguayan philosopher writer and academic. Influenced by John Stuart Mill and Herbert Spencer he is notable for introducing liberal pluralistic political values and pragmatic philosophical concepts to South American society.
 Kanze Kojiro Nobumitsu (観世 小次郎 信光 ?1435 or 1450 - July 7 1516) was a Japanese noh playwright and secondary actor during the Muromachi Era from the house of Kanze. He was the grandson of Noh playwright Zeami Motokiyo and is considered one of the last important playwrights of the golden age of Noh.
 Karleen Bradford (born December 16 1936) is a Canadian children's author.Born in Toronto Ontario Bradford moved to Argentina as a child.
 Vittorio Feltri (born 25 June 1943) is an Italian journalist and editor in chief.
 Janez Matičič (born 3 June 1926) is a Slovenian composer and pianist. He also taught music for a number of years. Since 2007 he is a regular member of the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts.Matičič was born in Ljubljana. He graduated in composition from the Ljubljana Academy of Music in 1950 and conducting in 1951. From 1959 to 1961 he studied in Paris with Nadia Boulanger.
 Phil Campbell (born 1972) is an American author and documentary producer. He is the author of the book Zioncheck for President upon which the film Grassroots is based. The book a mix of memoir and gonzo reporting is set around Campbell's time as campaign manager for a Seattle city council candidate.
 Kevin Ash (1959–2013) was a British motorcycle journalist and author described as one of the key figures of the British motorcycle sceneone of the world's leading motorcycle journalists and the doyen of motorcycle correspondents.
 Russ Barenberg (born October 8 1950) is a Grammy-nominated American bluegrass musician.
 Jerome David Salinger (/ˈsælɪndʒər/; January 1 1919 – January 27 2010) was an American writer who won acclaim early in life. He led a very private life for more than a half-century. He published his final original work in 1965 and gave his last interview in 1980.Salinger was raised in Manhattan and began writing short stories while in secondary school. Several were published in Story magazine in the early 1940s before he began serving in World War II.
 Chris Kachulis born in 1937 in Brooklyn New York is a chanteur known for his participation in the early days of New York's Electronic music scene. He collaborated on Bruce Haack's 1968 album Electric Lucifer. Currently he performs alongside Frank Haines and Reuben Lorch-Miller in the cross-generational performance art trio Blanko & Noiry.
 Rick Huxley (5 August 1940 – 11 February 2013) was an English musician who was the bassist for the Dave Clark Five a group that was part of the British Invasion.Born Richard Huxley in Dartford Kent he joined the group in 1958 and played on all of the band's hits including Glad All Over and Bits and Pieces. After the group disbanded in 1970 Huxley pursued a career in property as well as continuing to be involved in the music business.
 Platon (born Platon Antoniou; Greek: Πλάτων Αντωνίου; born 1968 London) is a 21st-century photographer who has taken portraits of many presidents and well known world figures. His photo of Vladimir Putin was on the cover of Time Magazine in 2007.Born in London in 1968 he was raised in Greece by his English mother and Greek father.
 Moisés Kaufman (born November 21 1963) is a playwright director and founder of Tectonic Theater Project. He is best known for writing The Laramie Project with other members of Tectonic Theater Project. He is also the author of Gross Indecency: The Three Trials of Oscar Wilde and 33 Variations. He was born and raised in Caracas Venezuela and moved to New York City in 1987.Kaufman is of Romanian and Ukrainian Jewish descent.
 Ray Griggs is a director writer and producer in Hollywood California and owner of RG Entertainment Ltd. His 2009 project Super Capers a family comedy about an ordinary person joining a host of low-key superheroes stars Tom Sizemore Doug Jones and Christine Lakin.Griggs is also known for creating an 8-minute film short Lucifer about the Biblical account of the fallen angel and subsequent war in heaven.
 William S. Willy Eisenhart III (August 24 1946 – June 25 1995) was an American writer on art.
 Nicholas Evans (born 26 July 1950) is an English journalist screenwriter television and film producer and novelist. Evans was born at in Bromsgrove Worcestershire and educated at Bromsgrove School but before studying at Oxford University he served in Africa with the charity Voluntary Service Overseas. He then studied journalism and worked as a newspaper reporter and television screenwriter. He lives in Devon.
 Filip Kovacevic is a Montenegrin author human rights activist and university professor.
 Corey Glover (born November 6 1964 Brooklyn New York) is an American singer guitarist and actor. He is best known as the lead singer of the rock band Living Colour and currently tours as the vocalist for the funk band Galactic.
 Raja Rao (Kannada: ರಾಜ ರಾವ್) (November 8 1908 – July 8 2006) was an Indian writer of English language novels and short stories whose works are deeply rooted in Hinduism. The Serpent and the Rope (1960) a semi-autobiographical novel recounting a search for spiritual truth in Europe and India established him as one of the finest Indian stylists and won him the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1964.
 Michael Gaydos is an American comics artist.
 Jillian Margaret Birt (born in Tambellup) is an Australian rock musician and architect. Birt was the keyboardist and vocalist of the alternative rock and pop band The Triffids from 1983 to 1989. In 2008 The Triffids were inducted into the Australian Recording Industry Association Hall of Fame. Birt is married to The Triffids band mate Alan 'Alsy' MacDonald and the couple have three children Connor Oscar and Ebony. Both Birt and MacDonald have participated in reunions of The Triffids.
 Paul Abbott (born 22 February 1960) is a BAFTA award-winning English television screenwriter and producer. Abbott has become one of the most critically and commercially successful television writers working in Britain today following his work on many popular series including Coronation Street Cracker and Shameless the latter of which he created.
 Vicki Richter is a trans woman and pornographic actress. She began producing and directing her own movies in 2006 for Robert Hill Releasing.
 Revilo Pendleton Oliver (July 7 1908 – August 20 1994) was an American professor of Classical philology Spanish and Italian at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign who wrote and polemicized extensively for white nationalist causes.Oliver also briefly received national notoriety in the 1960s when he published an article following the John F.
 Lee Kit (born 1978) is a contemporary artist who currently lives and works in Hong Kong and Taipei. Lee's practice spans a broad range of media including painting drawing video and installation. Best known for his works with hand-painted cloth Lee’s works often focus on quotidian and ready-made objects that address ordinary daily rituals.
 Mariada Pieridi (Greek: Μαριάντα Πιερίδη Marianta as directly transcribed from Greek) (born 13 July 1973) is a Greek pop singer.
 Agneta Ekmanner (born 4 December 1938) is a Swedish actress. She has appeared in more than 50 films and television shows since 1965.
 Paolo Gaidano (1861 Poirino Piedmont – 1915) was an Italian painter.Born at Poirino from 1875 to 1878 he studied at the Accademia Albertina in Turin. He decorated the Cathedral of Carignano and several churches in Turin and other towns in Piedmont. He was teacher to Italo Mus.He was also in demand as a portrait artist. In 1884 in Turin he exhibited:Deluso Ritratto d'uomo and Ritratto di bambina. In 1887 he exhibited in Venice: Tantum ergo.
 Alecu (or Alexandru) Donici (January 19 1806 near Donici Orhei - January 21 1865 Iași) was a Moldavian-born Romanian poet and translator.
 The Amasis Painter (active around 550-510 BCE in Athens) was an ancient Greek vase painter who worked in the black figure technique. He owes his name to the signature of the potter Amasis (Amasis made me) who signed 12 works painted by the same hand; this painter is known as the Amasis Painter today. At the time of the exhibition The Amasis Painter and His World (1985) 132 vases had been attributed to this artist.
 James Frederick Jimmie Rodgers (born September 18 1933 in Camas Washington United States) is an American singer. He is not related to the country singer of the same name.
 Edward Gallenstein is the Editor-in-Chief of the magazine Chip Chats and President of the National Wood Carvers Association.
 Gil Seong-joon (Korean: 길성준 Hanja: 吉成俊; born December 24 1977) better known by his stage name Gil (Korean: 길) is a South Korean singer and television personality. He is co-founder of Leessang. He has been a member of MBC's Infinite Challenge since April 2009.In 2009 Gil joined Infinity Challenge as a guest and later on as a regular co-host. Gil also co-hosted Come To Play.In 2012 Gil joined Voice of Korea as one of the coaches.
 Sydney Boehm (April 4 1908 - June 25 1990) was an American screenwriter and producer. Boehm began his writing career as a newswriter for wire services and newspapers before moving on to screenwriting.
 Samuel Roy Sammy Hagar (born October 13 1947) also known as The Red Rocker is an American rock vocalist guitarist songwriter and musician. Hagar came to prominence in the 1970s with the hard rock band Montrose. He afterwards launched a successful solo career scoring an enduring hit in 1984 with I Can't Drive 55. He enjoyed huge commercial success when he replaced David Lee Roth as the lead singer of Van Halen in 1985 but left the band in 1996.
 Juliana Hatfield (born July 27 1967) is an American musician and singer-songwriter from the Boston area. She was formerly of the indie rock bands Blake Babies and Some Girls and now performs as a solo artist and as one half of Minor Alps alongside Matthew Caws of Nada Surf.
 Asami Jō (城 麻美 Jō Asami can also read Zyou Mami born September 15 1975) is a Japanese AV Idol from Tokyo. Tokusatsu fans also know her as the villain Shibolena in the Super Sentai series Denji Sentai Megaranger.
 Cibelle is a multi-media performance artist singer-songwriter and music producer. She combines neofolk electronica and other styles to create Tropical Punk.
 Satyaki Banerjee (Bengali: সাত্যকি ব্যানার্জি ;lang-hi) is an Indian Bengali composer. He is a part of an Anglo-Bengali band with members in Kolkata and London. He plays instruments like Dotara and sarod give his performance on both classical and folk. He studied the sarod with the late Pandit Dipak Chowdhury and now trains under Pandit Tejendra Narayan Majumdar.
 Matthew Shafer (born June 6 1974) is an American rock musician known as Uncle Kracker. His singles include Follow Me Smile and Drift Away. His music was more rap rock-based at the start of his career before turning in a more country rock influenced direction on later releases.
 Minamoto no Tōru (源 融 822 – September 21 895) was a Japanese poet and statesman. He was born the grandson of Emperor Saga and a member of the Saga Genji clan.
 Rajiv Malhotra (born September 15 1950) is an Indian-American entrepreneur who after a career in the computer and telecom industries took early retirement in 1995 to found The Infinity Foundation through which he has promoted philanthropic and educational activities in the area of Hinduism studies.
 Freya Christine Clausen also known by her mononym Freya (born 17 November 1978) is a Danish singer/songwriter and television personality based in Copenhagen. She worked as an MTV VJ then moved to VH1 in 2010. She has released two solo albums Tea with the Queen and Chasing My Tale.Since 2010 she has hosted the pan-Scandinavian TV channel Star!'s broadcasts from Stockholm Fashion Week by Berns.
 Frank Skinner (born Christopher Graham Collins on 28 January 1957) is an English writer comedian TV and radio presenter and actor.
 Gustav Leutelt (21 September 1860 – 17 February 1947) was a German Bohemian poet and writer. Most of his poetry concerned the area around his birthplace of Josefsthal causing him to be described as a poet of the Jizera Mountains.
 Jonathan Rosenbaum (born February 27 1943) is an American film critic. Rosenbaum was the head film critic for the Chicago Reader from 1987 until 2008 when he retired at the age of 65. He has published and edited numerous books and has contributed to some of the world's most notable film publications including Cahiers du cinéma and Film Comment.He promotes the dissemination and discussion of foreign film. His strong views on filmgoing in the U.S.
 Bertha McNamara Bredt (née Matilda Emilie Bertha Kalkstein 28 September 1853 – 1 August 1931) was a Sydney-based Australian socialist agitator feminist pamphleteer bookseller and mother-in-law of Australian writer Henry Lawson. Born in Germany she migrated to Victoria via England in 1869. After the death of her husband Peter Hermann Bredt she became a political activist and published Home Talk on Socialism (1891) one of Australia's first pamphlets on socialism.
 Kaalan Walker (born March 28 1995) known by the stage name KR is an American rapper from Los Angeles California. He has released two mixtapes I$0lyf3 and I$0lyf3 2 both in 2013.
 Isham Russell Jones II (born April 13 1942) better known as Rusty Jones is an American jazz drummer who is Chicago-based. Jones' father was a saxophonist and his mother a vocalist (appearing under the name of Gretchen Lee) with most of their gigs being in and around the Chicago area. His mother was working at the Bismark Hotel in 1936 when the two were wed.
 Bobby Charles (February 21 1938 – January 14 2010) was an American singer-songwriter.
 Carlo Carpioni was an Italian painter. He was the son of Giulio Carpioni. He was born about the middle of the 17th century. He was educated by his father after whose style he painted a few pictures but he is better known by his portraits. In the Council-chamber at Vicenza and in the convent of the Servîtes at Monte Berico there are some groups of portraits of magistrates which show an ingenious and elevated imagination.
 David Leite (b. Fall River Massachusetts) is a Portuguese American food writer cookbook author publisher of the two-time James Beard Award-winning website Leite's Culinaria and an entrepreneur.
 Leif Edling (born 6 August 1963) is best known as the main songwriter and bass player of the Swedish doom metal band Candlemass.Edling started his musical career in the band Trilogy then under the name of Toxic as a singer together with Ian Haugland (later the drummer of Europe) in 1979. He then played in a band named Witchcraft but left in 1981 and formed Nemesis in 1982.
 Richard Hall was a Jamaican saxophonist who worked with many reggae artists including Peter Tosh and Burning Spear. Nicknamed Dirty Harry he also starred in the film Rockers alongside Leroy Horsemouth Wallace.
 Phyllis Wiener (September 17 1921–January 1 2013) was an American painter. Wiener was one of the first female artists to embrace the Abstract Art Movement in Minnesota.
 Patricia Bosworth (born April 24 1933) is an American journalist and biographer. A former faculty member of the Graduate School of Journalism at Columbia University she has also been an editor actress and model.
 Cosimo Damiano Lanza (born 12 April 1962) is an Italian pianist harpsichordist and composer.
 Vast Aire (born Theodore Arrington III on February 5 1978) is a rapper from New York City. He is one half of the New York hip hop duo Cannibal Ox which consists of him and fellow rapper Vordul Mega. He is also a member of the rap group Atoms Family. He was born in Mount Vernon New York then lived in Jamaica Queens before moving to Harlem and became acquainted with the underground rap scene performing in many clubs while still a teenager.
 Zayed Hassan (born 6 December 1990) is a musician and photographer from Dhaka Bangladesh.
 Rudolf Heinrich Daumann (1896 - 1957) was a German journalist and writer.
 Vilko Gecan (16 June 1894 – 25 June 1973) was a Croatian painter influential in the Zagreb modern art scene of the 1920s and 30s. He is best known for his expressionist paintings and drawings and for his contributions to the local avantgarde magazine Zenit. He showed his work in many solo and group exhibitions in Croatia and abroad.
 Kikko Matsuoka (松岡 きっこ Matsuoka Kikko born February 11 1947) is a Japanese actress.
 Quintin Craufurd (22 September 1743 – 23 November 1819) a British author was born at Kilwinning.In early life he went to India where he entered the service of the British East India Company.
 William Perkins (fl. c. 1900) was a British author contributing the biography of John Morris Webster to the Dictionary of National Biography.
 Zoran Petrović (born 5 March 1954 Kragujevac) is a poet novelist screenwriter. He published a couple of poetry books children books novels and two books as a publicist. He was the managing director of the oldest theater in Serbia Joakim Vuić.Now he is working as an editor for the publishing sector of the museum 21 October and as the chief editor for culture in local weekly newspaper Svetlost. He is a columnist of Serbian newspaper Blic.
 Svetlana Svetikova (Russian: Светла́на Све́тикова) (born November 24 1983) is a Russian singer and actress. Born in Moscow in the Entuziastov. Mother - Marina Vladimirovna singer father - Andrew V. painter of Florentine mosaic. Sveta has a younger sister Natalia. With four years has been part of the choir participated in numerous vocal competitions. In 1989 dancing in the sports complex. In eight years became a soloist of the Moscow Children's Theater.
 Alexander Alexandrovich Naumov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Алекса́ндрович Нау́мов; December 28 1935 Podolsk USSR – December 31 2010 Saint Petersburg Russia) - Soviet Russian painter lived and worked in Saint Petersburg member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists (before 1992 - the Leningrad branch of Union of Artists of Russian Federation) regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting the most known for his works depicting Central Asia.
 Joseph Torres better known as J. Torres is an award-winning Filipino-born Canadian comic book writer. He is perhaps best known for his run on DC Comics' Teen Titans Go!. He has also done some writing for animation and television.
 Ann-Kristin Kikki Danielsson (born 10 May 1952 in Osby Sweden) is a Swedish country dansband and pop singer. Sometimes she also plays the accordion and she has also written some lyrics. She is also famous for yodeling in some songs. Kikki Danielsson gained her largest popularity in the Nordic region from the late 1970s until the late 1990s. She also gained popularity at the US country stage during the 1980s.
 Gerri Russell is an award-winning American romantic fiction author currently residing in the Pacific Northwest with her family.
 Robert Penn Warren (April 24 1905 – September 15 1989) was an American poet novelist and literary critic and was one of the founders of New Criticism. He was also a charter member of the Fellowship of Southern Writers. He founded the influential literary journal The Southern Review with Cleanth Brooks in 1935. He received the 1947 Pulitzer Prize for the Novel for his novel All the King's Men (1946) and the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1958 and 1979.
 Gregory S. Greg Fitzsimmons (born April 5 1966) is an American stand-up comedian television writer/producer and radio host.
 Stanley Jennings was a cartoonist photographer graphic designer and journalist.
 Na Ying (Chinese: 那英; pinyin: Nà Yīng less frequently referred to as Natasha Na born November 27 1967) is a Chinese vocalist. She is considered as one of the best present-day female singers in Mainland China having sold more than 10 million albums. She is also noted for her buoyant and forthright personality.
 Gerli Padar (born 6 November 1979 in Haljala Estonia) is a popular female performing artist in Estonia.Gerli's television appearances include most notably her having represented Estonia at the ever-popular Eurovision trans-national talent contest as well as having performed in Dancing with the Stars.Gerli has also performed live—to critical acclaim—in several hit Estonian musicals including her starring roles as Sally in Cabaret as Florence in Chess and as Lotte in Lotte the Detective.As of 2011 she has released one solo album.Padar represented Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 with the song Partners in Crime. 
 Janeen Jacobs Brady (born 1934) is a children's music composer/lyricist and co-founder of Brite Music Inc. One of her songs was included in the 1989 Children's Songbook of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). Her name at birth was Janeen Jacobs. She attended Brigham Young University where she met her husband Ted Brady. Janeen and Ted Brady founded Brite Music Inc. in 1978.
 Constance Laux (b. January 21 in Cleveland Ohio) is an American writer of romance novels as her real name and her the pen names: Connie Deka Connie Lane and Casey Daniels
 Job Adriaenszoon Berckheyde (27 January 1630 – before 23 November 1693) was a Dutch artist of the 17th century active in Haarlem Amsterdam and The Hague.
 Victoria Horn aka *Lady V is a contemporary Grammy Award-winning writer who is active in London and Los Angeles. She has contributed numerous hit songs in many genres.
 Allan Frewin Jones (born April 30 1954) is the English author of over 90 books for children and young adults. He has published under the alternate names: Fiona Kelly A F Jones Frewin Jones Damien Graves Adam Blade Nick Shadow and Allan Jones.
 Daniel Antonsson is a musician and songwriter from Gothenburg Sweden currently playing guitar in Dimension Zero. He is also the former bassist for Dark Tranquillity playing on the album We Are the Void and former guitarist for Soilwork recording with them on their album Sworn to a Great Divide.
 Jani Kervinen is a Finnish electronic music producer specialized mainly in the trance subgenre. He has released music under such aliases as Mystery Islands Kaste (with Mika Savela) Dyyni (with Mika Savela) K-De (with Kai Harmaala) Chapter G8 (with Stefan Cambridge) and Soundproofed (with Simon Brisk).
 Robert Schade (born Tarrytown New York 1861 – died Tarrytown New York 1912) was an American painter.
 Gregory Walter Graffin Ph.D. (born November 6 1964) is an American punk rock musician college professor and author. He is most recognized as the lead vocalist songwriter and only constant member of the noted Los Angeles band Bad Religion which he co-founded in 1979. He also embarked on a solo career in 1997 when he released the album American Lesion. His follow-up album Cold as the Clay was released nine years later. Graffin obtained his Ph.D.
 Leila Tong (born 5 December 1981) is an actress in Hong Kong. She was born into an Indonesian Cantonese family. Her birth name is used in her works during her childhood and adolescence.
 Irma Pane is an Indonesian American pop singer.
 Sarah Hall Ladd (13 April 1860 – 30 March 1927) was an early 20th-century American pictorial and landscape photographer.Ladd was born Sarah L. Hall in Somerville Massachusetts the daughter of John Gill Hall and Sarah Cushing. Little is known about her childhood.On 7 September 1881 she married Charles E. Ladd a West Coast businessman and son of early Portland (Oregon) mayor William S. Ladd.
 Paul C. Pieper (born October 20 1972) is an American guitarist and composer known primarily for his work as a jazz musician.
 Bill Martin (born William Wylie MacPherson 9 November 1938 Govan Glasgow Scotland) is a Scottish songwriter music publisher and impresario. He has been presented with three Ivor Novello Awards.
 Maureen Hunter (born 1948) is a Canadian playwright who lives in Winnipeg Manitoba.She was born in Indian Head Saskatchewan and graduated from the University of Saskatchewan. Her plays have been performed in theatres across Canada as well as in the U.S. and Britain. Transit of Venus was performed by the Royal Shakespeare Company and recorded by the BBC. An opera version of Transit of Venus premiered at Manitoba Opera in 2007.
 Bojana Atanasovska (Macedonian: Бојана Атанасовска) better known by her stage name of Bojana is popular Macedonian pop singer and songwriter.
 Craig Rousseau is an American comic book artist.During his career Rousseau has worked for various comic book companies but is best known for his work on DC Comics titles like Harley Quinn Batman Beyond and Impulse.
 Mariangela Vacatello (born 1982) is an Italian pianist and a winner of the Internet Audience award as well as both Top of the World and Thirteenth Van Cliburn International Piano Competitions.
 Elvira Gascón Vera (b. Almenar Segrià May 17 1911 – Soria February 10 2000) was a Spanish painter and engraver.
 Timothy William Farriss (born 16 August 1957) is a founding and current member of the rock band INXS.
 Kathleen Stewart (born 1958 Sydney) is an Australian writer. She has written eight novels and published two books of poetry. Her novel Spilt Milk was shortlisted for the NSW Premier's Award and her memoir The After Life was shortlisted for the Nita Kibble Literary Award. Her latest novel Men of Bad Character was published by the University of Queensland Press in June 2010.She currently lives in the Blue Mountains.
 Matthew Bourne (born 6 October 1977) is a British Jazz musician.
 Jacob van der Ulft (1621–1689) was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter architect and mayor.
 Tom Wrigglesworth is an English stand-up comedian He was born and raised in Sheffield South Yorkshire. In 2009 he was nominated for the main Edinburgh Comedy Award (formerly the Perrier awards) at the Edinburgh festival.
 Kuriyagawa Hakuson (廚川 白村 19 November 1880 - 2 September 1923) was the pen-name of a Japanese literary critic active in Taishō period Japan. His real name was Kuriyagawa Tatsuo.
 Tracy Hogg (August 1960 – November 25 2004) was a British nurse and bestselling author.
 René Robert Bouché (20 September 1905? – 3 July 1963) was an artist and fashion illustrator known for his work in Vogue magazine between the 1930s and 1960s.
 Aydo Abay (born May 29 1973) is a German singer and songwriter raised in Koblenz Germany. He is of Turkish descent. Abay is mainly known for being the frontman for the German indie rock quartet blackmail (1995–2008). He has also started his own standalone band project known as KEN.
 Theo David Hutchcraft (born 30 August 1986) is an English singer and songwriter best known as the lead singer of the electronic duo Hurts.
 Joseph Vergel Joe Riley (February 26 1964 – September 27 2007) was a U.S. visual and plastic artist based in Dallas Texas. A painter sculptor filmmaker and special effects makeup artist he made horror designs for latex masks and for films such as the vampire movie Blade: Trinity from Marvel Comics as well as conceptual art for children's animations such as the Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius franchise from DNA Productions.
 Jayme Langford (born December 13 1987) is an American nude model and pornographic actress. She has appeared in almost 100 films.
 Samantha Strauss is a Logie Award-winning and international Emmy Award-nominated Australian screen writer.
 Barrett Martin (born April 14 1967) is an American drummer upright bassist composer producer writer and Zen artist. He was the drummer for the Seattle Washington groups Skin Yard and Screaming Trees as well as the supergroups Mad Season and Tuatara. A multi-instrumentalist and producer he does recording session work in Seattle and Los Angeles and has played on or produced over 75 albums to date.
 Noelia Lorenzo Monge (born in San Juan) mostly known as Noelia is an international Puerto Rican pop singer who rose to fame in 1999. She is the first daughter of Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge and Uruguayan businessman Alfredo Lorenzo.Her self-titled debut album was certified as a gold album in the United States. During her career she has had ten Latin Billboard Top 40 hits and four Top 40 Billboard Dance/Club Play Songs.
 Ranjit Desai (Devanagari: रणजित देसाई) (1928–1992) was a popular Marathi writer from Maharashtra India. He is best known for his historical novels Swami and Shriman Yogi. He was awarded Sahitya Akademi Award in 1964 and Padma Shri in 1973.He was born in 1928 in the town of Kowad in Kolhapur district of Maharashtra.
 Alice T. Wadowski-Bak (August 8 1935 – June 14 2008) was a noted Polish-American artist and creator of wycinanki (paper-cutting). Her most famous work is Wigilia which has been the cover art of Oplatek sold across the U.S. Ms. Wadowski-Bak’s work has been exhibited at the Albright Knox in Buffalo the Boston Institute of Contemporary Art and the Pittsburgh Center for the Arts.
 Stuart Stevens is an American travel writer and political consultant. He is the cofounder of Washington D.C. - based political media consultancy Stevens & Schriefer Group (with Russell Schriefer). He served as a top strategist for Mitt Romney's 2012 presidential campaign.
 Uri Frost (born 1962; אורי פרוסט) is an Israeli rock guitarist producer and director. Frost's dark and often intellectual art and music are informed by a sense of rootlessness and exile. As an introverted artist he has often refused to conduct media interviews. Yoav Kutner Israel's acclaimed rock music critic wrote about Frost: He is a unique voice in Israeli rock music and his restless guitar filled with feedbacks is eminent in all the music groups he was a part of.
 Adriana Melo is a Brazilian comic book artist and penciller who has worked on various Star Wars titles mostly in the Star Wars: Empire series. She has also worked on DC Comics' Rose & Thorn and Birds of Prey as well as Top Cow's Witchblade and Marvel Comics's Ms. Marvel.
 Clifford Lely Mollison (30 March 1897 – 4 June 1986) was a British film and television actor. He was married to the actress Avril Wheatley. His younger brother was the actor Henry Mollison.
 Giles Terera (born 14 December 1976) is a British actor musician and filmmaker. He is best known for his work in the theatre. His first documentary Muse of Fire premiered in autumn 2013.
 Gypie Mayo (born John Phillip Cawthra; 24 July 1951 − 23 October 2013) was an English guitarist and songwriter playing in Dr. Feelgood from 1977 to 1981 and from 1996 to 2004 in the reborn Yardbirds with Alan Glen.
 Thomas James Tom Mison (born 23 July 1982) is an English actor and writer. He is best known for his work in the European premiere of Andrew Bovell's When the Rain Stops Falling at the Almeida Theatre Posh at the Royal Court Theatre and the Duke of York's Theatre and Prince Hal in Henry IV Parts 1 and 2. Mison is starring as Ichabod Crane opposite Nicole Beharie on the Fox series Sleepy Hollow since 2013.
 Ernest Hiram Brülhart (born 1878 in Fribourg died 1949 in Fribourg) was a Swiss painter and illustrator .
 Robert Charles Benchley (September 15 1889 – November 21 1945) was an American humorist best known for his work as a newspaper columnist and film actor.
 Shaun William George Ryder (born 23 August 1962) is an English musician singer-songwriter actor television personality author and newspaper columnist. He is best known as the lead singer of Happy Mondays and Black Grape as well being as the runner-up of the tenth series of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!.
 József Joe Rudán (born June 5 1963 Pécs) is the vocalist of Hungarian heavy metal band Pokolgép since 1990 to 2010. He is also a bass guitarist but now he doesn't play on bass guitar in any of his current bands.
 Sari Abboud (Arabic: ساري عبّود‎‎) better known by his stage name Massari (pronounced mə-SAH-ree) (born in Beirut Lebanon on December 10 1980) is a Lebanese Canadian R&B Pop and hip hop singer. His music combines Middle Eastern melodies with western culture. He started his musical career in 2001-2002 and has released two albums Massari in 2005 and Forever Massari in 2009. He has had a number of hit singles in Canada Europe the Middle East and internationally.
 Andy Red Spyda Thelusma is an American Hip Hop producer who has worked on many songs for artists such as 50 Cent. He is also known for producing songs for D-Block Mobb Deep Amerie D-12 and G-Unit. Other notable works by Red Spyda have included his contributions to the in-game soundtrack of Grand Theft Auto III.
 Andrew Dobson (born 15 April 1957) is a British political author and Professor at Keele University specialising in environmental politics.Dobson has a BA in Politics from the University of Reading and D.Phil in Politics from St John's College Oxford. His best-known work is entitled Green Political Thought (Strawman Edition) in which he argues that 'ecologism' is a political ideology in its own right.
 Freddie King (September 3 1934 – December 28 1976) was an influential American blues guitarist and singer. He is often mentioned as one of the Three Kings of electric blues guitar along with Albert and B.B. King.Freddie King based his guitar style on Texas and Chicago influences and was one of the first bluesmen to have a multi-racial backing band at live performances. He is best known for singles such as Have You Ever Loved A Woman (1960) and his Top 40 hit Hide Away (1961).
 Céline Bara née Céline Szumigay (9 September 1978 – ) is a French pornographic film actress of Mauritian origin.
 Ron Marz (born 1959) is an American comic book writer known for his work on titles such as Silver Surfer Green Lantern Marvel vs DC Batman/Aliens and Witchblade.
 Ephraim Moses Lilien (1874–1925) was an art nouveau illustrator and print-maker particularly noted for his art on Jewish and Zionist themes. He is sometimes called the first Zionist artist.
 Peggy Rockman Napaljarri (also known as Peggy Yalurrngali Rockman Napaljarri) (born c. 1940) is a Warlpiri-speaking Indigenous artist from Australia's Western Desert region. Born on what is now Tanami Downs pastoral station she learned English when working as a child with a white mining family; Peggy Rockman and her family were subsequently relocated by government authorities to Lajamanu a new community west of Tennant Creek Northern Territory.
 Luis Valdez (born June 26 1940) is an American playwright actor writer and film director. Regarded as the father of Chicano theater in the United States Valdez is best known for his play Zoot Suit his movie La Bamba and his creation of El Teatro Campesino. A pioneer in the Chicano Movement Valdez broadened the scope of theatre and arts of the Chicano community.
 Temsuyanger Longkumer born April 21 1976 in Nagaland India is contemporary British Indian artist active in London. He has worked in media including drawing print sculpture installation and video. Longkumer attended the Royal College of Art from which he holds an M.A.
 Nina Kumagaya (熊谷 ニーナ Kumagaya Nīna born July 18 1963 in Osaka Prefecture) is a Japanese voice actress affiliated with 81 Produce.
 Margaret Barry (1917–1989) was a traditional Irish singer and banjo player.Born in Cork into a family of Travellers and street singers she taught herself how to play the zither banjo and the fiddle at a young age. At the age of sixteen after a family disagreement Margaret left home and started performing as a street musician.In the early 1950s she moved to London.
 Ayaka Kitazawa (北沢 綾香 Kitazawa Ayaka born April 21 1989) is a Japanese singer from Saitama who has released music under Key Sounds Label since 2012. In 2013 she sang the ending theme song to the anime series Little Busters! Refrain.
 Aryeh Lev Stollman is a writer and physician based in the United States. A neuroradiologist at Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York City he has also published several works of fiction.
 Gustaw Przeczek (Polish pronunciation: [ˈɡustaf ˈpʂɛt͡ʂɛk]; 30 May 1913 – 21 February 1974) was a Polish writer poet teacher and activist from the Zaolzie region of Cieszyn Silesia.He was born in a large coal miner's family in the village of Łazy which lies in the coal basin. He graduated from schools in Orłowa and Łazy and in 1933 from a teachers' seminary in Ostrava.
 Joanne Accom (born Joanne Ruth Charlotte Accom on 13 November 1978) is a dance pop singer-songwriter from Melbourne Victoria Australia.
 Nicole Willis (born December 26 1963) is an American singer/songwriter/producer/director and visual artist. Willis lives and works in Helsinki Finland.
 Dorian Holley is an American musician backing singer and vocal coach. Holley began his professional career as an on-stage backing vocalist for international entertainer Michael Jackson during the Bad World Tour in 1987. The series of concerts had him perform to millions of people throughout the world including British royalty. From there Holley went on to travel with Jackson for all of his subsequent world tours.
 Pepe Romero (born March 8 1944 in Málaga Spain) is a world-renowned classical and flamenco guitarist. He is particularly famous for his outstanding technique and colorful musical interpretations on the instrument.
 Nils Frykdahl is an American musician most known for his work with the bands Sleepytime Gorilla Museum and Idiot Flesh. He has a bachelor's degree in music from UC Berkeley which he received in 1989. He also is a member of the bands Faun Fables and Darling Freakhead and used to be a member of Charming Hostess. Along with bandmates Carla Kihlstedt and Dan Rathbun Frykdahl also is active with the performance company Ink Boat.
 Robin Clarkson Hardy (July 12 1952 - October 28 1995) was a Canadian journalist and author.Born in Halifax Nova Scotia and raised in Winnipeg Manitoba and Ottawa Ontario Hardy studied creative writing at the University of Alberta and took a law degree at Dalhousie University before settling in Toronto where he was a staff writer and editor of The Body Politic a noted early Canadian gay magazine.
 Ferréz (Reginaldo Ferreira da Silva) (Born 1975) is a Brazilian author rapper cultural critic and activist from the Zona Sul (southern zone) favela of Capão Redondo in São Paulo Brazil. He is a member and leader of the literary group Literatura Marginal (Marginal Literature) that emerged during the late 1990s and early 2000s (decade) from the urban periphery of São Paulo.
 Trent Thomason (born February 4 1972 in Long Beach California) is a Christian keyboardist vocalist and songwriter.Thomason grew up in Long Beach California and graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School going on to attend Chapman University where he received his Bachelor of Music in Music Therapy degree in 1999.
 Joseph Henry Delaney is a British former teacher and currently an author of science fiction and fantasy books.
 Hiroyuki Yamamoto (山本 裕之 Yamamoto Hiroyuki born 7 March 1967 in Yamagata Prefecture) is a contemporary Japanese composer.
 Siedah Garrett (born June 24 1960) is an American songwriter and vocalist who has written songs and performed backing vocals for many recording artists in the music industry such as Michael Jackson Brand New Heavies Quincy Jones Tevin Campbell Donna Summer Madonna Jennifer Hudson among others.
 Hai Ying Wu (also known as Jason Wu) is a Chinese American sculptor best known for his firefighter memorials. and his memorial commemorating the Auto-Lite Strike in Toledo Ohio.A native of China Wu received his degree in sculpture from the Sichuan Fine Arts Institute and became staff sculptor for the city of Chengdu on the Chengdu Public Arts Commission. He worked primarily in public art and in the socialist realist genre. A large number of his public art works can be seen in Chengdu.
 Robert Powell is a botanical author from Perth Western Australia who has co-written a number of books with Jane Emberson about the plants and trees of the Swan Coastal Plain and adjacent Darling Scarp. His book An old look at trees.. was the careful archival retrieval of rarely seen photographs of coastal vegetation Jarrah and Marri trees long since destroyed by urban development in the Perth region.
 Phạm Bá Ngoãn pen name Thanh Hải (1930–1980) was a modern Vietnamese poet. His penname Thanh Hải literally means Blue Sea in classical Sino-Vietnamese.
 Ben Kane (born 1970 ) is a novelist known for his novels in the historical fiction genre. He is best known for The Forgotten Legion and Hannibal Enemy Of Rome which reached number 4 in the Sunday Times best seller list in 2009.Ben Kane was born and raised in Kenya and then moved to Ireland. In Dublin he studied veterinary medicine at University College Dublin after which he travelled the world extensively indulging his passion for ancient history.
 Alan Stafford (born July 16 1976) is an American pornographic actor. He has appeared in over 130 movies since 2006 and won the 2008 AVN Award for Best Male Newcomer. He has also modelled for Playgirl magazine.
 Keita Tachibana (橘 慶太 Tachibana Keita) (born on 16 December 1985) also known as Keita (stylized KEITA) is a Japanese pop and R&B singer and dancer. Since 2000 he rose to fame as the lead vocalist from the boy band w-inds.. During that time he briefly launched a critically successful solo career and in 2012 has revitalized it again under a reinvented image.
 Iris Nampeyo (ca. 1860–1942) was a Hopi - Tewa potter who lived on the Hopi Reservation in Arizona. She received the English name Iris as an infant but was better known by her Tewa name Num-pa-yu meaning snake that does not bite.She used ancient techniques for making and firing pottery and used designs from Old Hopi pottery and sherds found at Sikyátki ruins on the First Mesa of the Hano Pueblo which dated to the 15th century.
 Paul Olefsky (January 4 1926 — June 1 2013) was an American cellist.Olefsky was born in Chicago. He earned a bachelor's degree from the Curtis Institute of Music where he studied with Gregor Piatigorsky. Olefsky subsequently studied with Pablo Casals. He studied conducting with Herbert von Karajan and Pierre Monteux.During the 1940s Olefsky performed as the principal cellist of the Philadelphia Orchestra while maintaining a worldwide career as a solo artist.
 Emilia Gubitosi (b. 3 Feb 1887 d. 17 Jan 1972) was an Italian pianist and composer.
 Joseph-Émile Brunet (1893–1977) was a Canadian sculptor based in Quebec. His output includes more than 200 monuments in bronze. Many of his sculptures depict national figures and events in Canada. He was born in Huntingdon Quebec in 1899. He was educated at archbishop school the Art Institute of Chicago and the national superior École des Beaux-Arts of Paris.
 Johann Christoph Pepusch (1667 – 20 July 1752) also known as John Christopher Pepusch and Dr Pepusch was a German-born composer who spent most of his working life in England.Pepusch was born in Berlin. At the age of 14 he was appointed to the Prussian court. About 1700 he settled in England where he was one of the founders in 1710 of The Academy of Vocal Music which in 1726 was renamed The Academy of Ancient Music.
 Manda Sudharani is an Indian carnatic vocalist.
 Matt Redman (born 14 February 1974) is an English Christian worship leader songwriter and author based in Brighton West Sussex United Kingdom.He has worked with Newfrontiers Passion Conferences Hillsong London Soul Survivor is an artist for Sixstepsrecords and is a member of Compassionart a charity founded by Martin Smith. He appeared with Hillsong London for a song on their 2005 album Jesus Is; he co-wrote and sang the song Greatest Gift.
 John William Dominic Hibberd FRSL (3 November 1941 – 12 August 2012) was an English freelance author academic and broadcaster best known for his biographies of the poets Wilfred Owen and Harold Monro and his collections (edited with John Onions) of First World War poetry. He was an Honorary Vice-President of the Wilfred Owen Association and an Honorary Fellow of the War Poets Association.Born and brought up in Guildford he was educated at Rugby School and King's College Cambridge.
 Diam's (French: [djams]; born Mélanie Georgiades on 25 July 1980) is a French-language rap artist of French and Greek Cypriot origin.
 Sienna Howell-Holden is a Canadian actor and singer from Alberta.
 Shelley Tanaka is a Canadian editor of numerous award-winning young adult novels an award-winning author of non-fiction for children a translator and writing teacher.
 Arturo Estrada Hernández (born July 30 1925) is a Mexican painter one of a group of Frida Kahlo’s students called “Los Fridos.” Estrada is mostly known for his mural work which remains faithful to the figurative style and ideology of Mexican muralism. He has created murals in various parts of Mexico in both public and private places including a 1988 mural found in the Centro Médico metro station in Mexico City.
 Erik Hedin (born 1974) is a sound designer and composer and has worked closely with his partner Kjersti Horn.
 Jeffery Louis Jeff Martin is an American musician singer and drummer who has sung for the bands Surgical Steel Racer X Leatherwolf and played drums for the bands Badlands Blindside Blues Band and RedSea. Jeff Martin played drums for Paul Gilbert George Lynch Michael Schenker Dokken and P.K. Mitchell. He also played drums in Surgical Steel before switching to lead vocals.
 Arthur William Upfield (1 September 1890 – 13 February 1964) was an Australian writer best known for his works of detective fiction featuring Detective Inspector Napoleon Bonaparte (Bony) of the Queensland Police Force a half-caste Aborigine.Born in England Upfield moved to Australia in 1910 and fought with the Australian military during the First World War.
 Tom Coventry was a British actor.
 Guy Antony Chambers (born 12 January 1963 Hammersmith London) is an English songwriter musician and record producer best known for his work with Robbie Williams. He has been a part of 48 Gold/Platinum certified albums (UK and US) including 14 (UK) number 1 albums and 22 (UK) Top 10 singles including six (UK) number 1 singles.
 Sugam Pokharel (Nepali: सुगम पोखरेल; born September 20 1979) is a Nepali singer. He was born in Biratnagar where he spent his childhood. He remembers listening to the songs of Sanjay Shresha Deep Shrestha and Harish Mathema which unknowingly influenced him to a singing career. From his earlier life he developed an interest in music. He even used to sing in his school functions. He used to be praised for his voice which inspired him to be a singer.
 Roy Cross (born 1924) RSMA GAvA was a British artist and aviation journalist best known as the painter of artwork used on Airfix kits from the 1960s.Born in Southwark London and mainly self-taught he learned his craft at the Camberwell School of Art and as a technical illustrator for training manuals for Fairey Aviation during the second world war. He progressed from there to producing advertising art for the aircraft industry and other companies.
 Dean Sabatino is an American musician best known as Dean Clean the drummer of the satirical punk rock group The Dead Milkmen. Sabatino lives with his family in Media Pennsylvania a suburb of Philadelphia.
 Jeff Soster (born May 1 1989) is an American music manageractor and entrepreneur known for his association with hip hop artist Bizarre.
 Ben Vishala Thapa (born 2 March 1982) is an English singer formerly a tenor in G4.Born in Cambridge Thapa was raised by a single mother from the age of four after his father was deported back to India when his work visa expired. He entered foster care when he was eleven when his mother lost her battle to care for her children following her struggle with arthritis.
 Laurence Stephen Lowry (1 November 1887 – 23 February 1976) was an English artist born in Stretford Lancashire. Many of his drawings and paintings depict Pendlebury where he lived and worked for over 40 years and Salford and its surrounding areas.Lowry is famous for painting scenes of life in the industrial districts of North West England in the mid-20th century.
 Christian Vander (born 21 February 1948 in Nogent-sur-Marne Val-de-Marne) is a French drummer musician and founder of the band Magma. Besides his work with Magma he has also performed solo with the Christian Vander Trio and Christian Vander Quartet and in Offering.He is known both for his unique songwriting virtuosic drumming and shrill falsetto improvisational/scat singing.
 Gary M. Burge (born 1952) is an American author and professor. He is a New Testament scholar at Wheaton College Wheaton Illinois. He is also an ordained minister in the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.)
 Jiang Yan(江淹) was a poet and cifu writer in the Southern Dynasty of China who occupies an important position in the history of the Southern Dynasty literature.Jiang Yan says that he loves strange yet differences which has relations with the admiration and pursuit of new and strange social trends and literary habits. This character also affects his making friends and writing style.
 Leigh Haggerwood is a contemporary composer based in Bath UK. He specializes in songwriting keyboards singing music production audio engineering and sound-to-picture scoring.
 Dr. Clyde M. Narramore is the author of more than 100 books and booklets including the best sellers The Psychology of Counseling The Encyclopedia of Psychological Problems and This Way to Happiness. He was the founding president of the first international non-profit Christian counseling and training organization the Narramore Christian Foundation.
 Tat'yana Ivanovna Bulanova (Russian: Татьяна Ивановна Буланова) sometimes spelled Tanya Bulanova or Tatiana Bulanova was born on March 6 1969 in St. Petersburg Russia. Tat'yana is a famous musician recognized for her strong melancholic romance ballads catchy electro-pop beats and techno remixes. She shot to fame in 1990 when she started her singing career with the band Letniy Sad (Russian: Летний сад). Tat'yana and Letniy Sad had 10 hit albums together between 1990 and 1996.
 John Yak Sherrit born 1962 is an Australian drummer best known for his drumming on several studio albums of Johnny Diesel and the Injectors and touring with Diesel Jimmy Barnes and Richard Clapton.
 Lance Bangs (born September 8 1972) is an American filmmaker documentarian and music video director who has created videos for Sonic Youth Nirvana Neutral Milk Hotel Green Day the Arcade Fire the Shins The Thermals Belle & Sebastian Menomena Yeah Yeah Yeahs R.E.M. Mike Watt Death Cab for Cutie The Black Keys Kanye West Odd Future and Pavement. He directed the David Cross film Let America Laugh.
 Max Cortés is a Spanish stripper pornographic actor and film director. He was born in Barcelona in the 1970s.Cortés started working as a stripper after finishing school performing several shows each weekend and establishing his own agency.He began his adult film career when he received an offer from director José M. Ponce to perform in a film.In 1999 Cortés produced his first film Vivencias de un Actor Porno Español and later began directing films for International Film Group.
 Pang Long (simplified Chinese: 庞龙; traditional Chinese: 龐龍; pinyin: Páng Lóng; born May 2 1971) is a Chinese singer. Two Butterflies and You are My Rose are his representative works.
 Santa Inoue (井上 三太 Inoue Santa born 1968 in Paris France) is a Japanese manga artist and owner of the Santastic! clothing line. Inoue's manga series are greatly influenced by hip hop culture with some of the characters being modeled after rappers.
 Branislav Lala Kovačev (Serbian Cyrillic: Бранислав „Лала“ Ковачев; November 19 1939 Kikinda Serbia - September 4 2012 Hvar Croatia) was a Yugoslavian-Serbian jazz musician drummer bandleader and composer. Widely considered a key figure in the history of Balkan Ethno jazz. As a leader of European Jazz Consensus International Jazz Consensus and Lala Kovacev Group he developed a distinguished fusion style by integrating complex rhythmic structures from Balkan folk music into jazz.
 Douglas Paulson (born 1980 Pennsylvania) is an artist based in New York City.He graduated from the Tyler School of Art with a B.F.A. in 2003.His work is often collaborative and interactive falling into the new Social Practice stream of contemporary art.
 Liliana Diane Lakich (born June 4 1944) is an American artist best known for her work in neon sculpture. Her sculptures have been included in major publications on contemporary sculpture neon sculpture and feminist art including Signs and in many private and corporate collections. She has had solo shows in Tokyo Paris and Los Angeles.
 Mark Tungate is a British writer based in Paris France. He is the author of Media Monoliths: How Media Brands Thrive and Survive (2004) Fashion Brands: Branding Style From Armani to Zara (2005 Third Edition 2012) Adland: A Global History of Advertising (2007 Second Edition 2013) (listed among the best business books of 2007 by Library Journal) 'Branded Beauty: How Marketing Changed the Way We Look (2011) and Branded Male: Marketing to Men (2008) all published by Kogan Page.
 Gabriel Bá (born 5 June 1976 in São Paulo Brazil) is a Brazilian comic book artist best known for his work on The Umbrella Academy Casanova and Daytripper. He is the twin brother of fellow comic book artist Fábio Moon.
 Henry Buckley Jr. aka Sadiki previously known as Pancho Kryztal (born November 17 1971 Kingston Jamaica) is a Jamaican-American singer songwriter and producer.
 Ni Ping is a mainland Chinese film actress and TV host. Since the early of 1990s Ni shot fame for hosting CCTV New Year's Gala.
 Edgardo Rodríguez Juliá was born in 1946 in Rio Piedras. He spent his childhood in Aguas Buenas amid the bourgeois media in a rural setting. He went to the city by the 65th Infantry ... what he termed as diabolical border of the fifties. All his childhood and adolescence is in memory to bring into his writing he admits that there is always political commentary while not a writer independence.
 JC Jacinto is a Filipino visual artist and a freelancer. His works have been featured in various galleries all over Manila Philippines. While still studying at University of the Philippines he has been qualified as a finalist in the Maningning Art Competition 2006 39th and 40th Shell National Student’s Competition 2006 and 2007 and the PLDT Visual Art National Competition 2007.
 Jeff Cohen (born January 28 1966) is an award winning American songwriter producer and publisher. He is also known for his founding role in Pancho’s Lament.
 Herman Melville (August 1 1819 – September 28 1891) was an American novelist poet and writer of short stories. His contributions to the Western canon are the whaling novel Moby-Dick (1851); the short work Bartleby the Scrivener (1853) about a clerk in a Wall Street office; the slave ship narrative Benito Cereno (1855); and Billy Budd Sailor (1924).
 Sandra Magsamen (born August 22 1959) is an American author artist art therapist and designer. Her primary product line is called Messages from the Heart. Magsamen's book Living Artfully was adapted for a national PBS special. In September 2006 Magsamen published a series of cloth books with LB Kids an imprint of Little Brown Books for Young Readers.
 Francesco Falconi (born June 26 1976 in Grosseto) is an Italian fantasy writer.
 Yusuke Kishi (貴志 祐介 Kishi Yūsuke born 1959) is a Japanese author.
 Max Ernst (2 April 1891 – 1 April 1976) was a German painter sculptor graphic artist and poet. A prolific artist Ernst was a primary pioneer of the Dada movement and Surrealism.
 Sergei Stadler is a Russian musician who was born in Saint Petersburg on May 20 1962. He studied the violin with David Oistrakh and Leonid Kogan and took the first prize and gold medal in the 1982 Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow. He is also a laureate of the Jacques Thibaud competition in Paris where he won the Grand Prize in 1980.
 Willie Clayton (born March 29 1955) is an American Chicago blues and soul-blues singer and songwriter. He has recorded over 25 albums since the 1980s.
 Yvette Devereaux is an American violinist conductor and Director at the South Pasadena Music Center and Conservatory in Pasadena California. She was the first African-American woman to attain a conductor's degree from the Peabody Conservatory of Music. She was honored by the city of Los Angeles in February 2007 Living Legends.
 Joseph Pace (born 18 November 1959) is an Italian painter sculptor and philosopher.
 Giuseppe Besozzi (born 1686 in Milan – d. 2 December 1760 in Naples) was an Italian oboist. In the eighteenth century the Besozzi family produced several important oboists who worked in Turin Naples London Paris and Dresden. Giuseppe's brothers Alessandro Besozzi and Paolo Girolamo Besozzi lived in Turin and his sons Antonio Besozzi in Naples and Gaetano Besozzi in Paris and London.
 Petr Muk (4 February 1965 – 24 May 2010) was a Czech pop musician composer and performer famous in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. In addition to his albums of original songs he released a tribute EP to the English band Erasure in 2004. Before his solo career Muk was a member of two bands Oceán (1985–1993) and Shalom (1992–1996).In 2010 Muk was found dead by his wife in their home in Prague. An autopsy and blood work revealed he had medical drugs and alcohol in his blood.
 Mari Mancusi sometimes credited as Marianne Mancusi is an American author of young adult novels and television news producer for NPN Media.
 Sanja Stijačić (born 14 November 1965) is a Serbian flutist and Associate Professor of Flute at the University of Pristina (Kosovska Mitrovica) and University of East Sarajevo.
 Stephen White (born 1948) is an American science fiction author best known as the co-author of the Starfire-series alongside David Weber.He is married with 3 daughters and currently lives in Charlottesville Virginia. He also works for a legal publishing company. He previously served as a United States Navy officer and served during the Vietnam War and in the Mediterranean region.
 Marianne Curley (born 20 May 1959) is an Australian author best known for her Guardians of Time Trilogy and Old Magic books.
 Lillian Lil Green (December 22 1919 – April 14 1954) was an American blues singer and songwriter. She was among the leading female rhythm and blues singers of the 1940s possessed with an ability to bring power to ordinary material and compose superior songs of her own.
 Marie Dionne Warwick (born December 12 1940) is an American singer actress and TV show host who became a United Nations Global Ambassador for the Food and Agriculture Organization and a United States Ambassador of Health.Having been in a partnership with songwriters Burt Bacharach and Hal David Warwick ranks among the 40 biggest hit makers of the entire rock era (1955–2012) based on the Billboard Hot 100 Pop Singles Charts.
 John Steele Layman (born August 2 1969) is an American comic book writer and letterer.
 Stig Olin (11 September 1920 - 28 June 2008 ) was a Swedish actor theatre director songwriter and singer. He was the father of actress Lena Olin and singer Mats Olin. He was married to Britta Holmberg and Helena Kallenbäck.
 David Bustill Bowser (January 16 1820 Philadelphia Pennsylvania – June 30 1900 Philadelphia Pennsylvania) was an African-American ornamental artist and portraitist.Bowser attended a private school run by his cousin Sarah Mapps Douglass and studied art with his cousin Robert Douglass Jr. an African-American pupil of Thomas Sully. During the American Civil War he was commissioned to design banners for several regiments of U.S.
 Jo Rowbottom (born 1942) is a British character actress best known for guest roles in numerous British TV series and as James Beck's wife in Romany Jones.
 Ghena Dimitrova (Bulgarian: Гeна Димитpова) (6 May 1941–11 June 2005) was a Bulgarian operatic soprano. Her voice was known for its power and extension used in operatic roles such as Turandot in a career spanning four decades.
 Monique Lhuillier (born September 15 1971 Cebu City Philippines) is a fashion designer most prominently known for bridal wear. She owns a couture fashion house based in Los Angeles California as well as another store on Manhattan's Upper East Side.
 Michael Stern (August 3 1910 – April 7 2009) was an American reporter author and philanthropist. As a reporter during World War II he issued some of the first accounts from a liberated Rome Italy in June 1944. He later worked in concert with Zachary Fisher to create the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum in New York City New York United States.
 Martin Riseley (born 10 February 1969 in Christchurch New Zealand) is a violinist and Head of Strings (violin) at the New Zealand School of Music. Formerly he was concertmaster of the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra.Riseley began violin studies at age 6 and gave his first solo concert at age 10. He studied with Carl Pini Dorothy DeLay and Felix Galimir.
 Andrew John Young (29 April 1885 – 25 November 1971) was a Scottish poet and clergyman. His status as a poet was recognised quite late and he received the Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry in 1952.
 Judith Rumelt (born July 27 1973) better known by her pen name Cassandra Clare is an American author of young adult fiction most known for her bestselling series The Mortal Instruments.
 David Charles Lowery (born September 10 1960) is an American guitarist vocalist and songwriter. He is the founder of alternative rock band Camper Van Beethoven and co-founder of the more traditional rock band Cracker. Lowery released his first solo record The Palace Guards on February 2 2011 via the 429 Records label.
 Christopher Robbins is an American Artist that focuses his art practice in the realm of Public Art and Social Sculpture. Robbins works internationally using physical and conversational processes to create interactions between strangers in order to build community and problem-solve.
 Antonis Xylouris (Greek: Αντώνης Ξυλούρης; born 1942) nicknamed Psarantonis (Greek: Ψαραντώνης) is a Greek composer singer and performer of lyra the bowed string instrument of Crete and most popular surviving form of the medieval Byzantine lyra. He comes from the mountainous village of Anogeia in Crete and is the younger brother of the late Nikos Xylouris a notable Cretan singer/musician as well as the older brother of Yiannis Xylouris an equally notable Cretan musician.
 Graem Whyte is a sculptor born and raised in metro Detroit currently based in Hamtramck MI. His career started in the field of architecture later shifted to fine art and now hybridizes both disciplines. In 2004 Whyte created the one night only weekly art showcase This Week In Art at Motor City Brewing Works which continues to the present. In 2007 Whyte and his wife Faina Lerman founded the experimental art venue Popps Packing in Hamtramck.
 Tony Scoggo (born Anthony Scoggins on 6 May 1936) is a British actor best known for his role in the television soap opera Brookside. He played Matty Nolan in the series from 1982 to 1992.Other TV roles include: Boys from the Blackstuff and Doctor Who (in the serial Terror of the Vervoids).
 Amber Dawn is a Canadian writer who won the 2012 Dayne Ogilvie Prize presented by the Writers' Trust of Canada to an emerging lesbian gay bisexual or transgender writer.A writer filmmaker and performance artist based in Vancouver British Columbia Dawn published her debut novel Sub Rosa in 2010. The novel later won that year's Lambda Literary Award for lesbian debut fiction.
 Heather James (also known as Heather Moray) is a British television actress. She has appeared in a number of television series including Cribb The Black Tower One by One and Columbo.
 Stanley Kirk Burrell (born March 30 1962) known professionally as M.C. Hammer (and later simply Hammer) is an American rapper dancer entrepreneur spokesman and occasional actor. He had his greatest commercial success and popularity from the late 1980s until the late 1990s. Remembered for his rapid rise to fame Hammer is known for hit records (such as U Can't Touch This and 2 Legit 2 Quit) flashy dance movements choreography and eponymous Hammer pants.
 Alexander Crawford Lamb (1843–1897) was a Scottish hotelier art collector antiquarian and writer. He amassed a considerable collection of paintings literary works china furniture antiquities and other ephemera and memorabilia. His most notable literary achievement was the publication of a massive volume entitled Dundee: its Quaint and Historic Buildings (1895).
 Jai Boo is an underground hip hop artist from Wolverhampton. She is signed to Wolftown Recordings and is a member of Wolftown Committee. She has received national airplay from radio stations such as BBC Radio 1Xtra and Asian Network being played by such DJs as Ras Kwame and Bobby Friction.She made her recording debut on Villains' debut album Welcome To Wolftown.
 Richard Devine is an Atlanta-based electronic musician and sound designer. He is recognized for producing a layered and heavily processed sound combining influences from hip-hop to old and modern electronic music. Devine largely records for the Miami-based Schematic Records which was founded by Josh Kay of Phoenecia. He has also done extensive recording and sample work with Josh Kay under the name DEVSND.
 Magnet is the pseudonym of Norwegian singer-songwriter Even Johansen (born 7 June 1970 Bergen Norway). To date he has released four full-length studio albums as well as several singles and EPs. Johansen draws upon many influences including folk pop and electronica. His albums are composed and produced solely by him and he usually performs live sets on his own using preset loops or creating them as he plays.
 Walter Johannes Damrosch (January 30 1862 – December 22 1950) was a German-born American conductor and composer. He is best remembered today as long-time director of the New York Symphony Orchestra and for conducting the world premiere performances of George Gershwin's Piano Concerto in F (1925) and An American in Paris (1928).
 Ashley Colon better known as la chica bomba (the bomb girl) (b. October 27 1975 in Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican merengue artist singer.Mostly influenced by popular Puerto Rican singer and actress Iris Chacón Ashley Quinteros began her successful career while leading a tropical music band Las Chicas del Clan meaning the girls of the clan.
 John Andrew Park (Hangul: 존박 Hanja: 朴成奎 born September 13 1988) is an American singer of Korean descent. He was a semifinalist on the ninth season of American Idol; placing twentieth. He is the runner-up of Superstar K2 a Korean singing contest held by M.net. He is currently signed to Music Farm Entertainment.
 Edwin Charles Tubb (15 October 1919 – 10 September 2010) was a British writer of science fiction fantasy and western novels. The author of over 140 novels and 230 short stories and novellas Tubb is best known for The Dumarest Saga (US collective title: Dumarest of Terra) an epic science-fiction saga set in the far future.
 Ron Wynn is a music critic author and allmusic editor. Wynn was the editor of the first edition of The All Music Guide to Jazz (1994) and from 1993 to 1994 served as the jazz and rap editor of the All Music Guide. Wynn is the former editor of New Memphis Star and the former chief jazz and pop music critic for Bridgeport Post-Telegram and Memphis Commercial Appeal.
 Ron Elisha (born 1951) is an Australian playwright writer and general practitioner.Born in Jerusalem Ron Elisha's family moved to Melbourne Australia in 1953. In 1975 he graduated in Medicine from Melbourne University and has practised as a GP since then. His first play In Duty Bound was staged in 1979. Since then he has written dozens of plays two children's books and occasional pieces for newspapers.
 Michiel Sweerts (29 September 1618 – 1664) also known as Michael Sweerts was a Flemish painter of the Baroque period active in Rome (1645–1656) in the style of the Bamboccianti.
 Alina Smith (born August 25 1991) is a country and hip-hop singer songwriter record producer and rapper.
 Ivo Ringe (born July 5 1951) is a German artist who is classified as a Concrete art painter.
 William Bill Hader (born June 7 1978) is an American actor voice actor comedian producer and writer. He is known for his work as a cast member on Saturday Night Live his lead voice role in Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs and his supporting roles in comedy films such as Superbad Pineapple Express Tropic Thunder Adventureland Men in Black 3 Paul Forgetting Sarah Marshall and Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian.
 Helen Meles is a prominent Eritrean singer and actress. She has released several albums and appeared in many top-rated Eritrean films.
 Robert Marcello born September 9 1977 Sweden is a neo-classical metal rock and jazz/fusion guitar player who replaced Andy Timmons as the lead guitarist of the band Danger Danger in 2003.He has also played in the bands Ironhorse Obsession Twenty 4 Seven and Marcello-Vestry.In late 2009 he was also a stand-in guitarist in the 1980s band House of Lords.Rob plays Caparison Guitars and sponsors Boss Corporation he is featured as the guitarist for many of their pedal demonstration videos.
 Charles Chambers better known by his stage name DJ Funk is a Chicago house DJ who pioneered the ghetto house subgenre of house music. Through the 1990s he built a regional reputation in the Chicago-Detroit region and in the Midwest rave scene. His 1999 album Booty House Anthems was distributed nationally and sold over one million copies. He founded the Funk Records label in 2006. He is included in Modulations a 1998 film documentary of electronic music.
 Antonio Maria Viani (born c. 1540) (also called Vianino) was an Italian painter and carver of the Renaissance period. He was born in Cremona. He was a pupil of the Campi. He was court painter to Duke Vincenzo I Gonzaga and adorned the large gallery of the Ducal Palace at Mantua with groups of children. He worked also at Capua. He died at Mantua at a very advanced age.
 Dominique Cerejo is an Indian female playback singer best known for the song Yeh Tumhari Meri Baatein from Rock On!!. She has sung in over thirty bollywood soundtrack albums. She is married to Clinton Cerejo who also works in the Indian Music Industry.
 Marcio Takara is a comic book artist known for his work on books such as Incorruptible The Incredibles: Family Matters and Dynamo 5.
 Avi Schwartz (born 1938) is an Israeli painter.
 Feng Xiaogang (simplified Chinese: 冯小刚; traditional Chinese: 馮小剛; pinyin: Féng Xiǎogāng) (born 1958) in (Beijing China) is a Chinese film director. He is well known in China as being a highly successful commercial filmmaker whose comedic films do consistently well in the box office although Feng has attempted to break out from that mold by making drama or period drama films recently.
 Colson Whitehead is a New York-based novelist. He is the author of the 1999 novel The Intuitionist as well as four other novels and one book of non-fiction. In 2002 he received a MacArthur Fellowship.
 Priscilla Mitchell (born September 18 1941 in Marietta Georgia) was an American country music singer.
 Georges Rouget (1781 Paris – 1869 Paris) was a neoclassical French painter.
 Arthur Wilkinson (3 September 1919 – 1968) was a British orchestral composer and arranger. He began composing while serving in the Royal Air Force during World War II and made many contributions to film stage shows and television.
 David King-Wood (12 September 1913 – 3 September 2003) was a British actor. He was born in Tehran Iran (then Persia) the youngest of four children. His father was William King Wood (CIE CBE) Director of the Indo-European Telegraph Department and his mother was Daisy Adcock daughter of Sir Hugh Adcock (who was once the physician to the Shah of Persia).
 Becky Priest is an American country music singer-songwriter and instrumentalist hailing from Hubbard Texas now based in Nashville Tennessee.Since moving to Nashville Tennessee in 1992 Priest has toured over 26 countries as both primary artist and with many artists including Neal McCoy Trisha Yearwood Patty Loveless Pam Tillis Mel Tillis Mel Tillis Jr. Carrie April Tillis Vince Gill Alabama Garth Brooks Michael McDonald Christopher Cross Liza Minnelli Engelbert Humperdinck Huey Lewis and the News Jim Peterik & The Ides of March Lou Gramm of Foreigner Foghat 38 Special Lynyrd Skynyrd Chuck Negron of Three Dog Night and Who's Line Is It Anyway comedian/entertainer Wayne Brady.
 Phillip Johnston (born 1955) is an American composer and saxophonist.
 Gillian Rogerson is a children's author based in Leeds England.
 Conrad Yeatis Sonny Clark (July 21 1931 – January 13 1963) was an American jazz pianist who mainly worked in the hard bop idiom.
 Russell Malone (born November 8 1963 in Albany Georgia) is an essentially self-taught swing and bebop jazz guitarist. He began working with Jimmy Smith in 1988 and went on to work with Harry Connick Jr. and Diana Krall throughout the 1990s.
 Jūran Hisao (久生十蘭 Hisao Jūran 6 April 1902 - 6 October 1957) was the pen-name of a Japanese author of popular fiction in Shōwa period Japan. Hisao Jūran was a pioneer in the use of black humor in Japanese literature. His works reflect his extensive knowledge of a wide range of subjects and displayed extraordinary skills and range from mystery tales to humor and both historical and contemporary settings. His real name was Masao Abe (阿部 正雄 Abe Masao).
 John Avery Noble (September 17 1892 Honolulu Hawaii – January 13 1944 Honolulu) better known as Johnny Noble was an American musician composer and arranger. He was one of the key figures behind the development of the hapa haole style of music in Honolulu and played a leading role in introducing Hawaiian music to the United States.
 Nina Albright was an American comic book artist during the Golden Age of Comic Books one of the few woman working in that field during the period.Albright got her start in the comics industry by answering a classified ad placed by packager Jerry Iger. She worked in studios like Funnies Inc. L.B. Cole and Bernard Baily in the 1940s. While employed at Novelty Press in New York she worked on such features as Young King Cole Lem the Grem Contact Comics Dr.
 Johann Andreas Streicher (13 December 1761 Stuttgart – 25 May 1833 Vienna) was a German pianist composer and piano maker. In 1793 he married Nannette Streicher (1769–1833) another piano maker and the daughter of Augsburg piano maker Johann Andreas Stein. In 1794 they moved to Vienna. From that time Streicher worked as a piano teacher and became increasingly known for his compositions.
 Kim Dasom (born May 6 1993; Hangul: 김다솜) better known by her stage name Dasom (Hangul: 다솜) is a South Korean idol singer and actress . She is best known as a member of the girl group Sistar under Starship Entertainment.
 Phyllis Fay Gotlieb née Bloom (May 25 1926 – July 14 2009) BA MA was a Canadian science fiction novelist and poet.Born of Jewish heritage in Toronto Gotlieb graduated from the University of Toronto with degrees in literature in 1948 (BA) and 1950 (MA).The Sunburst Award is named for her first novel Sunburst. Three years before Sunburst was published Gotlieb published the pamphlet Who Knows One a collection of poems.
 Kevin Whalum (born 1967) is an American vocalist and songwriter that has worked and toured with some of music’s most respected artists including his brother legendary jazz saxophonist Kirk Whalum Stevie Wonder George Duke Michael McDonald Take 6 Lalah Hathaway Maysa Leak Kim Burrell Patti Austin Tommy Sims Bob James Wynonna Judd Jonathan Butler and James Ingram.
 Justin Tokimitsu Nozuka (born September 29 1988) is an Canadian-American singer and songwriter. His debut album Holly has been released in Europe Canada Japan and the United States. He has licensed the album to indie label Coalition Entertainment Records distributed by Warner Music in Canada Outcaste Records in the UK/EU distributed by EMI and Glassnote Records in the US distributed by RED.
 Alhaj Khursheed Ahmad or Khurshid Ahmad(Urdu: الحاج خورشید احمد‎ ) was a Naat Khawan from Pakistan. He started to recite Naat Khawani when he was only few years old until his death recited thousands of Naats. He used to proficiently recite Naats not only in Urdu but also in other languages such as Bengali. The melody of his voice and the unique way of reciting attracted numerous people towards him and soon he become a famous Naat Khawan in the World.
 Juliet E. McKenna (born 1965) is a British fantasy author. McKenna was born in Lincolnshire in 1965 and studied Greek and Roman history and literature at St Hilda's College Oxford. She now lives in West Oxfordshire with her husband Steve Souch and sons. McKenna has written three series of novels The Tales of Einarinn The Aldabreshin Compass and The Chronicles of the Lescari Revolution as well as many short stories and articles.
 Sanmao (三毛) (March 26 1943 – January 4 1991) is a Taiwanese novelist translator and writer.
 Rick Ostrander is the provost at Cornerstone University.
 Ed Bogas born Edgar Noel Bogas and sometimes credited as Edward Bogas is an American musician and composer whose work has been featured in films animations and video games.
 Charles Rozanski (born March 11 1955) is a German-American retailer and columnist known as the President and CEO of the Denver Colorado-based Mile High Comics Inc. and a columnist for the Comics Buyer's Guide.
 Luc De Larochellière (born 27 April 1966) is a Canadian singer-songwriter from Quebec.after winning many awards at the Festival de la chanson de Granby Quebec and getting the attention of critics and record labels. Signed to Trafic record label in 1988 De Larochellière released his debut album Amère America. The album resulted in a number of hits including the title track Amère America as well as La route est longue and Chinatown Blues. The album was certified gold.
 Tony Hendrik (born Dieter Lünstedt March 4 1945 in Bad Bederkesa a.k.a. Dee Dee Halligan Jimmy Tarsus) is a German music producer composer and owner of a record label. The most known artists and bands he has produced and composed for are Bad Boys Blue Londonbeat and Haddaway.
 Ivan Sergeyevich Shmelyov (Russian: Ива́н Серге́евич Шмелёв also spelled Shmelev and Chmelov) (October 3 [O.S. September 21] 1873 – June 24 1950) was a Russian émigré writer best known for his full-blooded idyllic recreations of the pre-revolutionary past spent in the merchant district of Moscow. He was a member of the Moscow literary group Sreda.
 David Ryan Long is the author of two novels. His debut novel Ezekiel's Shadow won the 2002 Christy Award for Best First Fiction. Quinlin's Estate is his second novel. He is also the voice behind the faith*in*fiction blog devoted to conversation about the intersection of faith and fiction.
 Jhaverchand Meghani (Gujarati: ઝવેરચંદ મેઘાણી; (1896-08-28)August 28 1896 – March 9 1947(1947-03-09)) was a noted poet litterateur social reformer and freedom fighter from Gujarat. He is a well-known name in the field of Gujarati literature. He was born in Chotila. Mahatma Gandhi spontaneously gave him the title of Raashtreeya Shaayar (National Poet). Besides this he received many awards like Ranjitram Suvarna Chandrak and Mahida Paaritoshik in literature. He authored more than 100 books.
 Page Samuel McConnell (born May 17 1963 in Philadelphia Pennsylvania) is an American multi-instrumentalist most noted for his work as a songwriter and keyboardist with the American rock band Phish. He plays on stage right which is referred to by fans as Page Side Rage Side.In addition to being a member of Phish since 1985 McConnell has had several other musical liaisons during his career including a trio named Vida Blue.
 Otto Bertil Anderberg (13 February 1913 – 11 September 1991) was a Swedish film actor. He was born in Malmö Sweden and died in Gothenburg.
 Carlo Rustichelli (24 December 1916 – 13 November 2004) was an Italian film composer whose career spanned the 1940s to about 1990. His prolific output included about 250 film compositions as well as arrangements for other films and music for television.
 Arian Asllani (born December 2 1983) better known by his stage name Action Bronson is an American rapper from Flushing Queens New York. He is signed to Vice Records and Atlantic Records. He has released various mixtapes such as the critically acclaimed Rare Chandeliers with The Alchemist before releasing his major-label debut an EP titled Saaab Stories with frequent collaborator Harry Fraud in 2013. He is currently working on his major-label debut studio album.
 Adrian Harris better known by his stage names Big H and Big Hooligan is a grime rapper/MC from Edmonton North London. Formerly associated with the grime collective Meridian Crew in the early 2000s Big H is now part of the North London Bloodline Crew along with former Meridian members President T (better known as Prez T) Paper Pablo Meridian Dan Bossman Birdie and 9 Milli Major.
 Abdul-Rafay Khan (Urdu: عبدالرافع خان‎) also known as Rafay Khan is a Pakistani singer and reality program competitor. He is known for reality tv shows including Pakistan Idol in which he is currently among the top 7 contestants. Rafay has received training as a classical singer and currently he is a third year student of music at NAPA in Karachi. Rafay's music has many influencers including Baray Ghulam Ali Khan and Sajjad Ali.
 Rodrigo Amarante de Castro Neves (born September 6 1976) in (Rio de Janeiro Rio de Janeiro (state) Brazil) is a singer-songwriter multi-instrumentalist and accasional arranger. He is part of the bands Los Hermanos Orquestra Imperial and Little Joy and has released his first solo record called Cavalo in Brazil in late 2013.
 Dr Andy Gotts MBE is a celebrity photographer from London England. He is most noted for his black and white portraits of Hollywood actors.Gotts' work has been published internationally and has appeared in many magazines; GQ Empire FHM Total Film Stern French Vogue Glamour El Mundo OK Salute! io Donna; as well as weekend newspaper supplements and advertising campaigns.
 Daniel Todd Gilbert (born November 5 1957) is Professor of Psychology at Harvard University. He is a social psychologist known for his research (with Timothy Wilson of the University of Virginia) on affective forecasting with a special emphasis on cognitive biases such as the impact bias.
 Chaim-Dovid Saracik is an Orthodox Jewish (Chasidish) musician who lives in the Old City of Jerusalem. He has produced more than eleven albums and has played for thousands of people over the past couple of decades.
 Bobby Durham (b. 1942 [1]) is an American country musician associated with the Bakersfield sound. His hits include Do You Still Drink Margaritas; Playboy; Let’s Start a Rumor Today and the classic song penned by Merle Haggard My Past Is Present.
 Alan Clark (born 5 March 1952 in Great Lumley County Durham England) is an English musician who was the first and main keyboardist for the British rock band Dire Straits.
 Nazaret Daghavarian (Chaderjian 1862 Sebastia - 1915) was an Armenian doctor agronomist and public activist one of the founders of Armenian General Benevolent Union (AGBU).He studied in the colleges of Istanbul then finished the university of Paris. He was the chief director of the Armenian schools of Sebastia province then directed the Aramian school and St Savior hospital in Constantinople.
 Brian Kennedy is an American songwriter record producer and musician from Kansas City Missouri. Revered as a piano prodigy he has been making music tracks since 2001. However he rose to fame in 2006 with featured production on singer Ciara's album Ciara: The Evolution.
 Patrick Yau Tat-Chi is a Hong Kong film director and assistant director best known for making independent films for Milkyway Image the production company owned by Johnnie To and Wai Ka-Fai.
 Pauline Duchambge née de Montet (1778 – 23 April 1858) was a French pianist and composer. Antoinette-Pauline de Montet was born into a wealthy family in Martinique West Indies. She lived for a while in a convent but left in 1792 and married the Baron Duchambge in 1796. Both her parents died in 1798. She and her husband later divorced and she supported herself as a musician and composer.
 In addition to published work this article also includes Denis Gifford's radio and television credits.
 Sweet Baboo is Stephen Black a musician from rural North Wales. Before becoming a solo artist he played with the band JT Mouse. He is bilingual in Welsh and English but usually sings in English.
 Rodolfo Morgari (Turin 1827 - Turin 1909) was an Italian painter mainly depicting historic and patriotic battle paintings.
 Thomas Bailey Aldrich (November 11 1836 – March 19 1907) was an American poet novelist travel writer and editor.
 Joop Sanders is a painter and founding member of the American Abstract Expressionist group. He is the youngest member of the first generation of the New York School. He exhibited in the legendary 9th Street Art Exhibition otherwise known as the 9th St. Show May 21-June 10 1951 along with Willem de Kooning Elaine de Kooning Albert Kotin. Milton Resnick Joan Mitchell Lee Krasner among others.
 Helen Blatch (born 1933) is a British actress mostly seen on television.Her credits include: Doctor Who (in the serials The Deadly Assassin and The Twin Dilemma) Secret Army Blake's 7 Tenko A Touch of Frost The Bill and Doctors.
 Gilbere Forté (born July 14 1987) is an American rapper songwriter and producer.
 Charles Platt (born 1945) is an author journalist and computer programmer. He relocated from England to the United States during 1970 is a naturalized U.S. citizen and has one daughter Rose Fox. Platt is the nephew of Robert Platt Baron Platt of Grindleford.
 Albert Whiggs Easmon (1865-21 May 1923) was a Sierra Leonean doctor and the half-brother of Dr John Farrell Easmon. Easmon was among the first group of Sierra Leoneans to qualify as a medical doctor after getting a degree from Edinburgh University. He became the leading gynaecologist in Freetown Sierra Leone and had an extensive private practice.
 Jean-Pierre Richard (born July 15 1922 Marseille) is a French writer and literary critic.
 Liviu Rebreanu (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈliviw reˈbre̯anu]; November 27 1885 – September 1 1944) was a Romanian novelist playwright short story writer and journalist.
 James BeauSeigneur (born in 1953) is an American Christian novelist.James BeauSeigneur is a former intelligence analyst who has worked for the National Security Agency (NSA) and the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA). As an author he has worked with the Department of Homeland Security by serving on “Terrorist Red Cells” to speculate on possible terrorist targets and tactics.
 John Randolph Spears (1850-1936) was an American author and journalist born at Van Wert Ohio. For some time he was associated with the Buffalo Express and the New York Sun. Later devoting himself to writing he settled at Little Falls N. Y.
 Datach'i is the pseudonym of Joseph Fraioli an electronic musician based in New York City. Datach'i's music places an emphasis on complex drum programming and elaborate timing.
 Nora Clench (May 6 1867 – May 17 1938) was a Canadian violinist.
 Curtis Salgado (born February 4 1954 in Everett Washington United States) is an American Portland Oregon based blues R&B and soul singer-songwriter. He plays harmonica and fronts his own band as lead vocalist.
 Petit-Pays (born Adolphe Claude Moundi in Douala Cameroon in 1967) is a Cameroonian musician. By 1996 he had sold over 50000 cassettes. He is also known as OMEGA Rabba Rabbi Turbo and famously Avocat defenseur des femmes (advocate for women). He is one of the most celebrated Cameroonian musicians of the late 1980s and 1990s. His music has evolved over the years adapting to contemporary African genres.
 Roy Emerton (1893–1944) was a British film actor.He was a sailor cowboy stoker stevedore railroader miner etc. and served in World War I. He played in a great number of popular London stage shows including Shakespeare as well as film work.
 Sir Quentin Saxby Blake CBE FCSD RDI (born 16 December 1932) is an English cartoonist illustrator and children's writer. He may be known best for illustrating books written by Roald Dahl. For his lasting contribution as a children's illustrator he won the biennial international Hans Christian Andersen Award in 2002 the highest recognition available to creators of children's books. From 1999 to 2001 he was the inaugural British Children's Laureate.
 John Rene Crane (born March 20 1962) is an American writer and actor best known as the head writer executive producer and occasional performer on Fox's Saturday late night sketch comedy program MADtv.
 Konstanze Eickhorst (born 6 May 1961 in Bremen) is a German pianist. Eickhorst won the IX Clara Haskil (1981) and IV Géza Anda (1988) competitions. A member of the Linos Ensemble she has been active at an international level as a soloist and a chamber musician and has recorded for CPO. She teaches at the Musikhochschule Lübeck.
 Tana French (born 1973) is an Irish novelist and theatrical actress. Her debut novel In the Woods (2007) a psychological mystery won the Edgar Anthony Macavity and Barry awards for best first novel. She is a liaison of the Purple Heart Theatre Company and lives in Dublin.
 Michael Tao Dai Yu (Chinese: 陶大宇 born 26 August 1963) is a Hong Kong television actor.
 Timmy Hung Tin Ming is a Hong Kong actor and the eldest son of martial arts superstar Sammo Hung. He is half Korean his mother is Sammo Hung's first wife.
 Riley B. King (born September 16 1925) known by the stage name B.B. King is an American blues musician singer songwriter and guitarist.Rolling Stone magazine ranked him at No. 6 on its 2011 list of the 100 greatest guitarists of all time (previously ranked No. 3 in the 2003 edition of the same list) and he was ranked No. 17 in Gibson's Top 50 Guitarists of All Time. According to Edward M.
 Timothy David Tim Minchin (born 7 October 1975) is a British-born Australian comedian actor and musician.Minchin is best known for his musical comedy including six CDs three DVDs and a number of live comedy shows that he has performed internationally. He has appeared on television in Australia Britain and the United States. After growing up in Perth Western Australia he attended the University of Western Australia and WAAPA before moving to Melbourne in 2002.
 Hugues Merle (1823–1881) was a French painter who mostly depicted sentimental or moral subjects. He has often been compared with William-Adolphe Bouguereau.
 Alexandra Naumik (formerly Alexandra Sandøy; 12 August 1949 – 17 September 2013) better known by her stage name Alex was a Polish-Norwegian rock and pop artist who rose to fame in the late 1970s.
 Ryuichi Sakamoto (坂本 龍一 Sakamoto Ryūichi born January 17 1952) (Japanese pronunciation: [sakamoto ɽju͍ːitɕi]) is a Japanese musician activist composer record producer writer singer pianist and actor based in Tokyo and New York. He began his career in 1978 as a member of the pioneering electronic music group Yellow Magic Orchestra (YMO) where he played keyboards and was an occasional vocalist.
 Edwin Swayze or Swayzee (June 13 1906 – January 31 1935) was an American jazz trumpeter and composer.Swayze grew up in Little Rock Arkansas and played with Alphonso Trent Art Sims Eugene Cook Alex Hill Jelly Roll Morton and Sammie Lewis early in his career. He moved to New York City late in the 1920s where he continued to work with Morton before joining Lew Leslie's Blackbirds revue for a tour of Europe.
 Mary Woodvine is a British television actress who appeared as Mary Harkinson in the BBC soap EastEnders in 2003. Her father John Woodvine is also an actor.
 Maxwell Maltz (March 10 1889 – April 7 1975) was an American cosmetic surgeon and author of Psycho-Cybernetics (1960) which was a system of ideas that he claimed could improve one's self-image. In turn the person would lead a more successful and fulfilling life. He wrote several books among which Psycho-Cybernetics was a long-time bestseller — influencing many subsequent self-help teachers.
 Romana Panić (Serbian Cyrillic: Романа Панић) (born 9 April 1975) better known by the stage name Romana is a Bosnian pop-folk and pop singer.
 Junji Ishiwatari (いしわたり 淳治 Ishiwatari Junji born August 21 1977 in Towada Aomori) is a Japanese musician songwriter and record producer. He is also famous for a guitarist of the Japanese band Supercar.
 Ruco Chan Chin-pang (born 14 January 1977) is a Hong Kong actor and singer. Chan gained media recognition as the young barrister Keith Lau in the TVB television legal drama The Other Truth (2011) and was critically lauded for the role.After graduating from TVB's Artiste Training Class in 1994 Chan appeared in numerous small roles on TVB television dramas. In 1998 Chan left TVB and signed a record contract with PolyGram and released the single BLUE that same year.
 Johnny Dollar (March 8 1922 Kilgore Texas - April 13 1986) was an American country and rockabilly musician.
 Inspired by Guru's Jazzmatazz project the German formation Jazzkantine was founded in 1993 in Braunschweig. Their first album Jazzkantine won them the Echo Award in 1995 the most important German music prize.The music of Jazzkantine is a cross-over between jazz funk and hip hop music: German rap over music and beats heavily influenced by jazz standards often interpreted in a very funky way. This genre is also known as jazz rap.
 Jennifer Jean Warnes (born March 3 1947) is an American singer songwriter arranger and record producer. She is known for her interpretations of compositions written by herself and many others as well as an extensive playlist as a vocalist on movie soundtracks. She is a close friend of and collaborator with Canadian singer-songwriter and poet Leonard Cohen.
 Shara Nelson is a British singer and songwriter. She is notable for her work with the band Massive Attack in the early 1990s and for her solo career in which she garnered five UK Top 40 hit singles. Her 1993 debut album What Silence Knows was shortlisted for the Mercury Music Prize.
 Maxime Jacob or Dom Clément Jacob (13 January 1906 Bordeaux – 26 February 1977 Abbaye En-Calcat Dourgne Tarn) was a French composer and organist.
 George Edward Ellis (8 August 1814 – 20 December 1894) was a Unitarian clergyman and historian.
 Joe Keatinge is an American comic book writer and editor best known for his writing work with Marvel Comics Image Comics and as the co-editor of Popgun with Mark Andrew Smith.
 Terence de Vere White (29 April 1912 – 17 June 1994) was an Irish writer lawyer and editor.Born in Dublin he studied at Trinity College Dublin where he qualified as a solicitor and became a partner in a leading Dublin law firm. He gave up law when he became the literary editor of The Irish Times from 1961 to 1977.
 Moreno (born Moreno Donadoni on November 27 1989) is an Italian rapper. He rose to fame after winning the 12th series of the Italian talent show Amici di Maria De Filippi. His debut album Stecca was released in June 2013 and as of July 2013 has spent eight weeks at number one on the Italian Albums Chart being certified double platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry for domestic sales exceeding 120000 units.
 Lino Liviabella (7 April 1902 – 21 October 1964) was an Italian composer.Liviabella was born in Macerata. In 1936 he won a silver medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for his La vittoria (The Victor). He died aged 62 in Bologna.
 José Antonio Villarreal (30 July 1924 – 13 January 2010) was a Chicano novelist.Villarreal was born in 1924 in Los Angeles California to migrant Mexican farmworkers. Like Juan Manuel Rubio in Pocho Villarreal's father fought with Pancho Villa in the Mexican Revolution. He spent four years in the Navy before attending the University of California at Berkeley in 1950.
 Bertha Hope-Booker (née Rosemond born November 8 1936 in Los Angeles California) is an American jazz pianist and jazz educator. She is the widow of fellow pianist Elmo Hope with whom she collaborated. She has toured Europe and Japan and played with a diverse group of artists. In the 1990s she had her first CDs as a leader and additionally worked with her later husband bassist Walter Booker.
 Carlo Rosa (Aquila (?) 1613- Bitonto September 12 1678) was an Italian Painter.Carlo was the son of a provincial painter Massenzio Rosa.
 Knut Hamsun (August 4 1859 – February 19 1952) was a Norwegian author who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1920. Hamsun's work spans more than 70 years and shows variation with regard to the subject perspective and environment. He published more than 20 novels a collection of poetry some short stories and plays a travelogue and some essays.The young Hamsun objected to realism and naturalism.
 He was born in Asunción Paraguay on March 27 1950. Son of Carmen Emategui and Rodolfo Barreto.
 Sonya Scarlet (born 2 April 1980) is the singer and lyricist of the Italian extreme gothic metal band Theatres des Vampires.
 Ole Morten Vågan (born 8 May 1979 in Brønnøysund Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (upright bass) and the older brother of guitarist Petter Vågan.
 Luigi Pulini was an Italian painter mainly of landscapes. He was born in Sicily and became a resident of Rome where he completed his studies. At Rome in 1883 he exhibited two canvases depicting : Lave sull'Etna and Il Tevere presso Porta del Popolo a Rome. In the 1884 Esposizione Nazionale of Turin he exhibited: Prime viole; Strada in Ciociaria (Turin Exhibition 1884) and other studies .
 Francisco Domene (born 12 February 1960) is a Spanish writer narrator novelist and poet. He was born in Caniles (Granada) (Spain).
 Patricia Lee Patti Smith (born December 30 1946) is an American singer-songwriter poet and visual artist who became a highly influential component of the New York City punk rock movement with her 1975 debut album Horses.Called the Godmother of Punk her work is a fusion of rock and poetry. Smith's most widely known song is Because the Night which was co-written with Bruce Springsteen and reached number 13 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1978.
 Carlos de Haes (January 25 1829 – June 17 1898) was a Spanish painter from Belgium. He was noted for the Realism in his landscapes and was considered to be the first contemporary Spanish artist able to capture something of a particularly Spanish 'essence' in his work.
 Werner Bochmann (17 May 1900 Meerane Kingdom of Saxony – 3 June 1993) was a German composer.
 Joseph Henry T Bone Burnett (born January 14 1948) is an American musician songwriter and soundtrack and record producer. He was a touring guitarist in Bob Dylan's band on the Rolling Thunder Revue.
 Alun Morgun Richards (27 October 1929 – 2 June 2004) was a Welsh novelist best known for his novel Ennal's Point about the work of a lifeboat crew in South Wales.Richards was born in King Edward Avenue Caerphilly. After training to be a teacher Richards joined the Royal Navy which sparked a fascination with the sea that inspired much of his writing.In 1955 he returned to Wales from London but became ill with tuberculosis and was admitted to the sanatorium at Talgarth.
 Chris Browne (born 1952) is an American comic strip artist and cartoonist. He is the son of cartoonist Dik Browne and brother of cartoonist Chance Browne. Browne writes and draws the comic strip Hägar the Horrible which is distributed by King Features Syndicate.Born in South Orange New Jersey and growing up in suburban Wilton Connecticut Browne assisted his father on the comic strips Hi and Lois and Hägar the Horrible.
 Benny Bailey born Ernest Harold Bailey (13 August 1925 in Cleveland Ohio – 14 April 2005 in Amsterdam) was an American bebop and hard-bop jazz trumpeter.
 Maxine Chernoff (born 1952) is an American novelist writer poet academic and literary magazine editor. She was born and raised in Chicago Illinois and attended the University of Illinois at Chicago.Chernoff is a professor and Chair of the Creative Writing program at San Francisco State University. With her husband Paul Hoover she edits the long-running literary journal New American Writing.
 Douglas Elwin Erikson (born January 15 1951 in Nebraska) better known as Duke Erikson is an American songwriter producer multi-instrumentalist and founder member of the alternative rock band Garbage which has sold more than 17 million albums worldwide. Before launching Garbage Erikson was a founding member of the popular Midwestern bands Spooner and Fire Town.
 Saulo do Amaral Freire Oliveira Souza (born March 22 1989) best known as Saulo Roston is a Brazilian pop singer and songwriter. He rose to fame after winning the fourth season of the reality television show Ídolos Brazil.
 Baek Ye-rin (Hangul: 백예린) born June 26 1997 is a South Korean singer. She is a member of the JYP Entertainment-managed duo 15& (Hangul: 피프틴앤드).
 Benjamin Peter Speed (born 27 June 1979 in Adelaide South Australia) is an Australian musician who composes scores for film television and theatre.
 Bursalı İsmail Hakkı also known as İsmail Hakkı Bursevî (born in Ottoman Empire in 1653 - d. İsmail Hakkı in 1725) was an Religious Islamic Ottoman scholar interpreter and Ottoman lyricist author.Bursalı İsmail Hakkı was appointed sheikh of the Celvedi Tekle in Bursa. In addition to practicing hat he penned countless works on Tasavvuf Islamic philosophy morality and Tefsir. In most of his works İsmail Hakkı wrote in the style of Yunus Emre.
 James Peale (1749 – May 24 1831) was an American painter best known for his miniature and still life paintings and a younger brother of noted painter Charles Willson Peale.
 Ambika Charan Choudhury (Assamese: অম্বিকা চৰণ চৌধুৰী) (August 16 1930 – December 4 2011) was a noted Assamese litterateur historian and activist from Bongaigaon in Assam. Popularly he is known as Kamataratna.
 Tim Nichols (born in Portsmouth Virginia is an American country music singer and songwriter. Active since the late 1980s Nichols has written for several country music singers including Keith Whitley Tim McGraw Faith Hill Jo Dee Messina and Alan Jackson. He and songwriter Zack Turner recorded one album for BNA Entertainment (now BNA Records) in 1993 as the duo Turner Nichols in addition to charting two singles as one half of that duo.
 Neelkamal Puri (born 1956) is an Indian author columnist and a college teacher. Born in Ludhiana Punjab she grew up in the erstwhile princely state of Patiala where she did her schooling from the Yadavindra Public School. Since 1979 she has worked as a lecturer in English Literature at different colleges in Patiala and Chandigarh. She is currently teaching Literature and Media Studies at the Government College for Girls Chandigarh.
 Johnny Tillotson (born April 20 1939 in Jacksonville Florida) is an American singer and songwriter. He enjoyed his greatest success in the early 1960s when he scored 9 top-ten hits on the pop country and adult contemporary billboard charts including Poetry In Motion and the self-penned It Keeps Right On a-Hurtin''. He also sang Yellow Bird an adaptation of the Haitian song.
 Sai Sai Kham Hlaing (Burmese: စိုင်းစိုင်းခမ်းလှိုင်; pronounced: [sáiɴ sáiɴ kʰáɴ l̥àiɴ]; also Sai Sai Kham Leng; born 10 April 1979) is a well-known Burmese singer-songwriter model novelist and actor of ethnic Shan descent. He is best known for his hip hop music.
 Víctor Antonio Santiago Negrón known as Víctor (born February 5 1983 in Villalba Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican singer host and actor. He is known for being one of the finalists of the fourth season of reality/talent show Objetivo Fama'.
 Zeffie Agnes Lydia Tilbury (November 20 1863 – July 24 1950) was an English actress.
 Lyubov Fyodorovna Dostoyevskaya (Russian: Любо́вь Фёдоровна Достое́вская; 1869–1926) was a Russian writer memoirist and a second daughter of famous writer Fyodor Dostoyevsky and his wife Anna. Their first Sofiya was born in 1868 and died the same year.Dostoyevskaya was a nervous child and cried a lot. Due to having weak health nervous system problems and constant relationship failures Lyubov had become arrogant haughty and peevish. She never married.
 John Bunzow (born May 2 1951 in Portland Oregon) is an American country music singer-songwriter. Bunzow was signed to Liberty Records and charted one single on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
 Frithjof Sælen Jr. (24 December 1917 – 1 January 2004) was a Norwegian writer illustrator and member of the resistance during World War II.
 Timothy Robert Sullivan who more commonly uses the name Tim Sullivan is an American science fiction novelist screenwriter actor film director and short story writer.Many of his stories have been critically acknowledged and reprinted. His short story Zeke a tragedy about an extraterrestrial stranded on Earth has been translated into German and was a finalist for the 1982 Nebula Award for Best Short Story.
 Sara Horowitz is the founder of Working Today and Freelancers Union leading organizations of independent workers. She was an Echoing green fellow in 1995 and she was named a MacArthur Fellow in 1999. She graduated from Cornell University 1984.Her grandfather was vice-president of the International Ladies Garment Workers Union in New York and her father was a union lawyer.
 Mary Gregg Byrne (born 1951 in Oberlin Ohio) is an American portraitist Illustrator and landscape artist who is best known for her watercolor paintings.
 Mel George Gaynor (born 29 May 1960 Balham London England) is a British musician. He is best known as the longtime drummer for the rock band Simple Minds. Gaynor was born to a Jamaican father and an Afro-Brazilian mother.Gaynor joined Simple Minds in 1982 as a session drummer for the New Gold Dream album (as a recommendation by the record producer Pete Walsh) then later joined the band permanently for the New Gold Dream tour as a replacement for Mike Ogletree.
 Tomoyuki Kōno (河野 智之 Kōno Tomoyuki born October 19 1971 in Tokyo Japan) is a Japanese voice actor currently works for 81 Produce.
 Ilona Harima (4 March 1911 – 9 June 1986) was a Finnish artist whose paintings expressed deep oriental spirituality. Her style was strongly influenced by Buddhism and Hinduism but not similar to Asian art. Harima developed a personal style very different from the mainstream movements of that era between the world wars.
 Ian Kirkpatrick is an American grammy nominated multi-platinum music producer and songwriter. He has produced engineered mixed or written tracks for Neon Trees Blake Shelton Plain White T's Dia Frampton Breathe Carolina Young the Giant and others.
 John Gruber (born 1973) is a writer and blog publisher from the greater Philadelphia Pennsylvania area of the United States. Gruber received his Bachelor of Science in computer science from Drexel University. He worked for Bare Bones Software from 2000 to 2002 and Joyent from 2005 to 2006. His main project is Daring Fireball a technology blog that has become his full-time job.
 Mario Sorrenti (born 24 October 1971) is a photographer and director best known for his spreads of nude models in the pages of Vogue and Harper's Bazaar.Sorrenti was born in Naples Italy but moved to New York City at the age of ten where he is still based. He is the son of New York based advertiser Francesca Sorrenti. He has had exhibitions in London (Victoria and Albert Museum) Paris Monaco and New York (Museum of Modern Art).
 Zinaida Nikolaevna Gippius (Russian: Зинаи́да Никола́евна Ги́ппиус IPA: [zʲɪnɐˈidə nʲɪkɐˈlajɪvnə ˈɡʲipʲɪus] ; November 20 1869 – September 9 1945) was a Russian poet playwright editor short story writer and religious thinker who has been credited as a co-founder of Russian symbolism and seen as one of the most enigmatic and intelligent women of her time in Russia. She was married to philosopher Dmitriy Sergeyevich Merezhkovsky.
 Hayden Schlossberg (born June 9 1978) is an American screenwriter/director/producer from Randolph New Jersey who became well known for co-writing Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle as well as co-writing co-directing and co-producing Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay both with Jon Hurwitz.He is a 2000 honors graduate of the University of Chicago as well as a graduate of Randolph High School.
 Scott Huber (born June 5 1981) better known by his stage name Babel Fishh is an American alternative hip hop artist currently based in HoustonTexas.
 Sébastien Charlier (Beaumont-sur-Oise 1971) is a French diatonic harmonica player. He plays chromatically in all keys on a single blues harp. His music is inspired by many different influences from Blues to Jazz from Fusion to Electro-Pop. He is also author of two textbooks: Je débute l'harmonica and Méthode en poche harmonica.
 Craig Fairbaugh (born March 11 1978) is a guitarist who is best known for playing with the rock band +44 (pronounced plus forty-four). The band was made up of Mark Hoppus and Travis Barker and Shane Gallagher of The Nervous Return. Fairbaugh has joined Juliette and the Licks full time as guitarist and back-up vocalist. He is also the guitarist and vocalist of the goth rock/punk band Mercy Killers.
 Max Fourny (4 August 1904 – 9 March 1991) was a French publisher art collector and former motor racing driver. He founded the Musée d'Art Naïf – Max Fourny in Paris which houses an important collection of naïve paintings and sculptures from around the world. His art collection was later distributed between the museum in Paris and the International Museum of Naive Art at Vicq near Versailles (Fourny's former home). Fourny was married to the painter Françoise Adnet.
 Overton Ovie Alston (December 14 1905 – 1989) was an American jazz trumpeter vocalist and bandleader.Alston played with Bill Brown and His Brownies in New York in 1928 recording with them for Brunswick Records. He was hired by Claude Hopkins in 1931 and remained with him until 1936; it is for this association that he is best known.
 Christopher Nissen (born January 31 1992) is a Danish singer from Copenhagen signed to EMI Denmark. In November 2012 he won an award at the Danish Music Awards 2012. He was awarded New Thinker of the Year (Årets nytænker) given by Spotify as an innovation prize.
 Neta Lohnes Frazier (1890 – 1990) was an American children's author best known for her books about the Pacific Northwest. She published 14 books between 1947 and 1973 including Stout-Hearted Seven The Magic Ring Secret Friend My Love Is a Gypsy and Little Rhody. She was a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma at the University of Montana Missoula.
 Steven Bishop (born on 3 March 1970) is an Australian drummer formerly of Australian band Powderfinger though he left the band before their rise to prominence because of illness. Later while working in the UK for two years he played in London based bands. He has since gone on to record and perform with other Brisbane based bands including Moonjuice The Haymakers and The Predators (for which he is also lead vocalist).
 Dan Slott is an American comic book writer best known for his work on books such as The Amazing Spider-Man Arkham Asylum: Living Hell She-Hulk Silver Surfer and the twice monthly The Superior Spider-Man.
 Sydney Stanley Kitchen (14 February 1951 – 22 March 2011) was a South African guitarist singer-songwriter and poet. Because of his uncompromising attitude towards the music industry he became an iconic figure in his native South Africa and also around the world albeit in relatively small circles. Up until his death he was the only artist to perform at every single Splashy Fen festival.
 Paul Chavez (born July 1 1964) is an American composer of dance music and a sound designer for installation and theater. He often composes under the project name FeltLike. Chavez has worked in the Los Angeles California area since 1990 where he did some of his first works at Los Angeles Contemporary Exhibitions where he started as a sound engineer.
 Øyvind Storesund (born March 9 1975 in Bø i Telemark Norway) is a Norwegian Rock and jazz musician (upright bass) known from playing in the Norwegian bands Cloroform and Kaizers Orchestra.
 Jonas Petter Renkse (born 19 May 1975) is a founding member songwriter lead vocalist (1991–1994 1997-) and ex-drummer (1991–1994 1996–1998) of the band Katatonia founding member songwriter bassist backing vocalist ex-guitarist (2004) of the band Bloodbath.He was also the founding member drummer vocalist guitarist & songwriter of the band October Tide.
 Helen Sung is an American jazz pianist.
 Kim Wan-sun (or Kim Wan-seon born on May 16 1969 as Kim I-seon) is a Korean female singer. Since her sensational debut at the age of 17 in 1986 she's been considered to be Madonna/female Michael Jackson of South Korea or the dancing queen of Korean popular music's renaissance era as she is known for her beauty clear voice charismatic stage presence and catchy hits from the mid-1980s through the early 1990s.
 Kenwrick Taylor (born 21 June 1949) is an Australian novelist.Taylor was born in the Sydney suburb of Manly the son of an international businessman and travelled the world until his seventh year when he was returned to Australia. He studied Arts/Law at Sydney University and practised as a criminal lawyer before living for a period as a hippie and then a film caterer.Taylor is the author of two novels.
 Walter Boudreau CM CQ (born Sorel 1947) is a Québécois composer saxophonist and conductor. In 1969 he founded the group L'Infonie with Raoul Duguay which dissolved in 1973. Since 1988 he has been the artistic director of the Société de musique contemporaine du Québec in Montreal. He was a principal collaborator in the Symphonie du Millénaire which took place in Montréal in 2000.
 Andrew John Migliore (b. 1966 in Washington D.C. United States) is the founder and original director of the annual H. P. Lovecraft Film Festival (three days over the first full weekend of October) and Zompire: The Undead Film Festival in Portland Oregon. Starting in 2006 he took the festival to other cities including: Austin Salem Vancouver B.C and San Pedro. Andrew is the co-author of Lurker in the Lobby: The Guide to the Cinema of H. P.
 Giovanni Battista da Faenza called Bertucci (the Monkey) who painted in the style of Perugino and Pinturicchio flourished in the early part of the 16th century at Faenza. In the Pinacoteca of that city there are various works ascribed to him of which the most remarkable is a Majesty signed by him and bearing the date 1506.
 McKinley Phipps (born July 30 1977 better known by his stage name Mac is an American rapper from New Orleans' 3rd Ward and would grow to be one of the most critically acclaimed on Master P's No Limit Records both as a solo rapper and as a member of the 504 Boyz rap group.
 Billy Lee Riley (October 5 1933 – August 2 2009) was an American rockabilly musician singer record producer and songwriter. His most memorable recordings included Rock With Me Baby and Red Hot.
 Janina Fialkowska OC (born May 7 1951) is a Canadian classical pianist.
 Suh Yongsun also Yong Sun Suh or Seo Young-Sun (Korean: 서용선; born 1951 in Seoul South Korea) is a Korean painter and sculptor. In his art he mainly portrays human existence.Suh lives and has his main studio in Gyeonggido near Seoul.
 Michael Kelland John Hutchence (22 January 1960 – 22 November 1997) was an Australian musician and actor. He was a founding member and the lead singer and lyricist of rock band INXS from 1977 until his death in 1997.Hutchence was a member of short-lived pop rock group Max Q and recorded solo material which was released posthumously. He acted in feature films including Dogs in Space (1986) Frankenstein Unbound (1990) and Limp (1997).
 Craig Bickhardt (born 1954) is an American country music singer and songwriter. His musical career includes co-writing credits for The Judds Steve Wariner Kathy Mattea and others. He was also a member of S-K-B formerly S-K-O after Paul Overstreet exited the band. He has released three studio albums of his own.
 Owen Jones (3 September 1741 – 26 September 1814) known by his bardic name of Owain Myfyr was a Welsh antiquary.
 I. Dragoslav or Ion Dragoslav pen names of Ion V. Ivaciuc or Ion Sumanariu Ivanciuc (June 14 1875 – May 5 1928) was a Romanian writer.
 Yannis Varveris (Greek: Γιάννης Βαρβέρης) (1955 – 25 May 2011) was an award winning Greek poet critic and translator.Varveris was born and died in Athens. He read Law at the University of Athens. His first collection of poems was published in 1975.
 Angus Fairhurst (4 October 1966 – 29 March 2008) was an English artist working in installation photography and video. He was one of the Young British Artists (YBAs).
 For the former mayor of Gainesville Florida see Chris Matheson (politician)Chris Matheson is an American film director and screenwriter. He is best known for his collaborations with fellow screenwriter Ed Solomon together creating the Bill & Ted franchise writing the two films Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure and Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey.
 Hedy Klineman (American) is a painter living in New York City. She has been painting for over 40 years and is known for portraits of New York celebrities and colorful works based on Asian Buddha’s and deities created with silkscreen on canvas done in a manner influenced by her friend Andy Warhol.Her paintings have been shown at The Tibet House Museum Patterson Museum of Contemporary Art and The New England Museum of Contemporary Art.
 Jesse Bullington is an American fantasy writer from Boulder Colorado. Bullington grew up in Pennsylvania before his family moved to the Netherlands and then back to the United States. In 2000 Bullington received his high school diploma from SAIL High School an arts-focused magnet school in Tallahassee Florida.
 Esther Elvira Rose (1901–1990) was an American painter who worked in oils collage silkscreen and watercolors. Rose is best known for her impressionist renditions of California coastal images.
 Hans Hömberg (1903–1982) was a German playwright journalist novelist and screenwriter. Hömberg worked occasionally on feature film scripts and supplied the idea for Alexis Granowsky's 1931 comedy film The Trunks of Mr. O.F. (1931). Hömberg enjoyed a successful stage career his biggest hit being Cherries for Rome (1940) although he faced censorship issues with some of his works.During the Nazi era he also wrote film reviews.
 John Helyar (b.1951) an American journalist for the Wall Street Journal is the author of the books Lords of the Realm: The Real History of Baseball which according to WorldCat is held in 688 libraries and coauthor with Bryan Burrough of Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco wnicn is held in 2249 libraries and was made into the film of the same title.
 Chris Peterson (born Christopher Garet Peterson 14 May 1968) is a Vancouver British Columbia Canada based producer and keyboard player and works for Front Line Assembly Noise Unit and Decree. Peterson joined FLA in 1990 and is a well-known producer in the electronic music scene currently working with Ohm Living Room Project Left Spine Down and Unit 187 among others. Married to Kerry Babz Peterson of Stiff Valentine and Living Room Project.
 Antonia de Sancha (born 14 September 1961 in Hammersmith London) is an English actress and businesswoman best known as the former mistress of British Conservative Member of Parliament and Cabinet minister David Mellor which became public knowledge in 1992.She is the daughter of a Spanish film producer father who died in the mid-1980s and a Swedish mother who suffering from severe depression committed suicide 18 months later shortly before her daughter began studies at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. 
 Andrew Joseph Andy Lewis (1966 – 12 February 2000) was the original bassist of Australian band The Whitlams. Back in October 1985 he had joined a power pop band The Plunderers on keyboards guitar and harmony vocals under the pseudonym Andy Waterhole. He soon left The Plunderers and in 1992 he formed The Whitlams but left them in late 1995 and went to Melbourne Australia to join The Gadflys.
 Cameron Mesirow (born 1983 or 1984) better known by her stage name Glasser is an American singer-songwriter and record producer. She released her debut EP Apply on May 26 2009 followed by her full-length debut album Ring released on September 24 2010. Her second studio album Interiors was released on October 4 2013.
 Vassilis Tsitsanis (Greek: Βασίλης Τσιτσάνης 18 January 1915 – 18 January 1984) was a Greek songwriter and bouzouki player. He became one of the leading Greek composers of his time and is widely regarded as one of the founders of modern Rebetika. Tsitsanis wrote more than 500 songs and is still remembered as an extraordinary bouzouki player.
 Harriet Eivor Emilie Landström (22 March 1919 – 4 August 2004) was a Swedish actress.
 Christian Jones (born July 17 1987) better known by his stage name TeeFlii is an American singer-songwriter rapper and producer from South Central Los Angeles California. He is currently signed to Epic Records. He is best known for his debut single This D which was produced by DJ Mustard. His second single 24 Hours was premiered in March 2014 and featured 2 Chainz. His debut studio album Starr will be released during 2014 by Epic Records.
 Tommaso Realfonso (Naples circa 1677 - after 1743) was an Italian painter of the 18th century specializing studies of still-life paintings of flower and fruit pieces. He also painted vedute or landscapes. He was also called ‘’Masillo’’ by his Andrea Belvedere his master in whose studio he worked till 1694 when Belvedere moved to Spain. A still-life attributed to Realfonso is found in the Museo Correale in Sorrento.
 Damian Marrett was born in Melbourne Victoria and is best known for his non-fiction crime novels relating to his career as an undercover police detective with the Victoria Police force. He is credited with some of Australia's largest covert operations and is frequently referred to in articles and pages involving organised Italian crime. He has appeared on numerous television and radio programs as a crime commentator and is also a freelance writer.
 Lai Lok-yi (born 15 June 1980) is a Hong Kong actor.
 Adam Bałdych (born 18 May 1986 in Gorzów Wielkopolski Poland) is a Polish violinist composer music producer. Baldych is ACT MUSIC (Germany) recording artist. He is known from a series of record releases and collaborations with musicians like Marius Neset Morten Lund & Lars Danielsson.
 Ivan Seal (born 1973 Stockport England) is an artist living and working in Berlin. Seal studied at Sheffield Hallam University.He is represented by Carl Freedman Gallery London and RaebervonStenglin Zurich. In May 2011 Seal had his first solo exhibition in London at the Carl Freedman Gallery of new paintings followed in September by a solo show in Zurich called the object hurts the space of new paintings and a sound installation.
 Homero Nicolás Manzione Prestera better known as Homero Manzi (November 1 1907–May 3 1951) was an Argentine Tango lyricist author of various famous tangos.He was born on November 1 of 1907 in Añatuya (province of Santiago del Estero) Argentina. Manzi was interested in literature and tango since he was young.
 Katsushi Ōta (太田 克史 Ōta Katsushi born 1972 in Okayama Prefecture) is a Japanese editor for Kodansha. He is editor in chief for the literary magazine Faust and the Kodansha Box line.He is currently (2007) working with Del Rey Manga to bring both Faust and Kodansha Box to the US.
 Clark Dimond is a guitarist composer and author who runs the Dimond Studios a recording company in Colorado's Sangre de Cristo Mountains.Born into a musical family in 1941 Dimond started playing piano at the age of five learned the guitar when he was 17 years old and added the banjo at age 30. He attended Grinnell College in Iowa and then moved to New York where he worked as an editor on True Experience for McFadden-Bartell while writing scripts for Warren Publishing and Web of Horror.
 Margaret Moyes Black (1853–1935) was a Scottish novelist and biographer. She was born on 27 April 1853 in the parish of Scoonie Fife. Her father was William Black a shipmasterand her mother was Margaret Moyes Deas. She wrote her first novel In Glenoran under the pseudonym of M.B. Fife. She was unmarried and died on 16 October 1935 at Montrose Angus.
 Devin Star Tailes (born July 2 1989) better known as Dev (sometimes stylized as DEV) is an American rapper singer and songwriter. She was discovered by the record label Indie-Pop and The Cataracs via Myspace after her friend Shane Crislip posted her singing to some beats. Dev's song Booty Bounce was sampled in Far East Movement's hit single Like a G6 which reached number 1 in the US and sold over three million downloads in the country.
 Alfred Turner (1874–1940) was an English sculptor in the early 20th century. Among other institutions Turner studied at the Royal Academy where he exhibited and was a member. He was also a member and fellow of the Royal Society of British Sculptors.His sculptural works included statues reliefs and war memorials.
 Bertha Frederich née Heyn (1825-05.10.1882 Koblenz) was a German novelist. She used pseudonyms including Golo Raimund.
 Chad Donovan (born January 11 1972) is an American performer and gay pornographic film director. He has won numerous awards as a performer and director and is a member of the GayVN Awards Hall of Fame and the Grabby Awards Hall of Fame.
 Andy Farag is the percussionist for progressive rock band Umphrey's McGee. He was brought into the band by original drummer Mike Mirro in late 1998 shortly after the release of their debut album Greatest Hits Vol. III. Farag first appeared on disc with Umphrey's McGee on the 1999 live album Songs for Older Women and has remained with the band ever since.Andy also enjoys creating hip-hop and R&B beats outside of Umphrey's McGee.
 Giorgio Gandini del Grano (died 1538) was an Italian painter of the Parma school of painting. He was selected in 1535 to complete decoration of the apse of the Parma Cathedral. He was alleged to have been a pupil of Antonio da Correggio. His masterpiece is the St. Michael altar-piece now in the National Gallery at Parma.
 Ed Winiarski (living status unknown) who sometimes signed his work Win or Winny and sometimes used the pseudonym Fran Miller is an American comic book writer-artist known for both adventure stories and funny-animal cartooning in the late-1930s and 1940s Golden Age of comic books.A former animator Winiarski was one of the first generation of comic-book professionals contributing in the mid-1930s to National Allied Publications one of the companies that would evolve into DC Comics.
 John Ernest (May 6 1922 – July 21 1994) was an American-born constructivist abstract artist. He was born in Philadelphia USA in 1922. After living and working in Sweden and Paris from 1946 to 1951 he moved to London England where he lived and worked from 1951. As a mature student at Saint Martin's School of Art he came under the influence of Victor Pasmore and other proponents of constructivism.
 Rhys Nanmor (fl. 1480–1513) was a Welsh language poet who lived in Nanmor near Beddgelert in North Wales.Among his surviving work is a prophecy to King Henry VII of England and an elegy on the death of Arthur Prince of Wales who died in 1502.Rhys was a family poet of Sir Rhys ap Thomas and is thought to have been the bardic pupil of Dafydd Nanmor.
 John Farnsworth is a jazz musician who plays tenor saxophone and trombone.He was raised in a large musical family in western Massachusetts.
 Sofia Berntson (born 1979 in Stockholm Sweden) known professionally as Sofia (Greek: Σοφία) is a Swedish singer who often sings in Greek. She has released three CD singles since 2007 and has taken part in the Swedish song selection process for the Eurovision Song Contest Melodifestivalen twice in 2007 and more recently in 2009.
 Deborah Hautzig (born 1956 New York) is the author of several children's books including the Little Witch series.
 George Dawson (January 18 1898 – July 5 2001) was called America's favorite poster child for literacy after learning to read at the age of 98. His life story Life Is So Good was published in 2000.
 Leslie Pietrzyk is an American author who has published two novels Pears on a Willow Tree and A Year and a Day. Her short fiction has appeared in The Gettysburg Review The Iowa Review New England Review The Sun TriQuarterly and Shenandoah.She holds a B.A. in English/Creative Writing from Northwestern University and an M.F.A. in Creative Writing from American University.
 Lois McMaster Bujold (/buːˈʒoʊld/ boo-ZHOHLD; born November 2 1949) is an American author of science fiction and fantasy works. Bujold is one of the most acclaimed writers in her field having won the prestigious Hugo Award for best novel four times matching Robert A. Heinlein's record. Her novella The Mountains of Mourning won both the Hugo Award and Nebula Award.
 Yves Chaland (April 3 1957 in Lyon France – July 18 1990 France (car accident)) was a French cartoonist.During the 1980s together with Luc Cornillon Serge Clerc and Floc'h he launched the Atomic style a stylish remake of the Marcinelle School in Franco-Belgian comics.
 Ingebrigt Steen Jensen (born 9 May 1955) is a Norwegian writer consultant advertising man and football official.Steen Jensen is educated at the University of Oslo where he studied English Norwegian and political science.He has worked in advertising since 1982. During the 1990s Steen Jensen took part in the building of JBR advertising agency which was sold to IPG (InterPublic Group) under the name McCann-Erickson Advertising; now known as McCann Worldgroup Norway and Dinamo.
 Uwe Timm (* 30 March 1940 in Hamburg) is a German writer.
 Keith Williams (born c.1955) better known as Honey Boy is a Jamaican reggae singer best known for his recordings in the 1970s who is regarded as one of the pioneers of lovers rock.
 Mark Williams (born 1954) is a New Zealand-born pop/soul singer with Recording Industry Association of New Zealand (RIANZ) number one hit singles Yesterday Was Just the Beginning of My Life (1975) and a cover of Buddy Holly's It Doesn't Matter Anymore (1977) before he relocated to Australia later that year. His single Show No Mercy (1990) was a top ten hit in both countries.
 Luther James Rabb (1942–2006) was an American singer musician and songwriter from Seattle Washington who gained notoriety as the lead vocalist of the Jazz rock group Ballin' Jack and in later years as a member of the group WAR.
 Winnie Lau Siu Wai (Chinese: 劉小慧) is a Hong Kong singer and actress. She has two daughters with her husband Edmund So from Grasshopper.
 Lani Ka'ahumanu is a bisexual and feminist writer and activist.
 Caroline Franz is an American television writer.
 Liang Wang (born 1980) is the current principal oboist of the New York Philharmonic. He was born in Qing Dao China and studied at the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing and at California’s Idyllwild Arts Academy. He received his bachelor’s degree from Philadelphia’s Curtis Institute of Music where he studied with Richard Woodhams.
 JoAnna Margaret Lund (September 4 1944 – May 20 2006) was the author of many books including Healthy Exchanges Cookbook HELP: Healthy Exchanges Lifetime Plan and Make a Joyful Table.
 John Conlee (born August 11 1946) is an American country music singer. Between 1978 and 2004 Conlee charted a total of thirty-two singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and recorded eleven studio albums. His singles include seven Number One hits: Lady Lay Down Backside of Thirty Common Man I'm Only in It for the Love In My Eyes As Long As I'm Rockin' with You and Got My Heart Set on You. Besides these Conlee has sent fourteen other songs into the Top Ten.
 Joe Neil Thrasher Jr. (born July 13 1965) is an American country music singer and songwriter. Between 1995 and 1997 he and Kelly Shiver comprised the duo Thrasher Shiver which recorded a studio album for Asylum Records in 1996 and charted two singles on the Billboard country charts in early 1997.
 Patrick Nuo (born August 31 1982 in Canton of Lucerne) is a Swiss-Albanian recording artist and actor.
 Yuen Biao (born 26 July 1957) is a Hong Kong actor martial artist. He specialises in acrobatics and Chinese martial arts and has worked on over 80 films as actor stuntman and action choreographer. Along with Peking Opera School brothers at the China Drama Academy Sammo Hung and Jackie Chan he was one of the Seven Little Fortunes.
 Seal Henry Olusegun Olumide Adeola Samuel (born 19 February 1963) known by his mononym Seal is a British soul and R&B singer-songwriter. He has sold more than 30 million albums worldwide and is known for his numerous international hits including Kiss from a Rose which appeared on the soundtrack to the 1995 film Batman Forever.
 Lou Cass (born 20 April 1966) is an American actor and porn star. He retired from pornography in 1990 and began a career as a film and television actor and recording artist.
 Pen Yu (born 11 January 1946) better known by his stage name Ha Yu is a Hong Kong actor who has been working on the television network TVB since the 1970s.
 Grace Metalious (born Marie Grace DeRepentigny September 8 1924 – February 25 1964) was an American author best known for her controversial novel Peyton Place which stayed on The New York Times bestseller list for 59 weeks. It sold 20 million copies in hardcover and another 12 million as a Dell paperback.
 Julia Vogl is an artist originally from Washington DC and has done a lot of work in London England. On January 11 2009 she was funded by The Brooklyn Arts Council to create an installation in Fort Greene Park entitled Blades of Fort Greene. While attending the Slade School of Art she completed two other major public art works.
 Jessie M. Liu (traditional Chinese: 劉美誼; simplified Chinese: 刘美谊; pinyin: Liu Mei Yi born September 3 1981) is a producer director and host for Chinese American TV programs and singer and songwriter. She is Miss NY Chinese 2002 the first Miss NY Chinese winner to compete in Miss Chinese International.
 Teri Greeves (born 1970) is an award-winning Kiowa-Comanche-Italian beadwork artist living in Santa Fe New Mexico. She is enrolled in the Kiowa Indian Tribe of Oklahoma.
 Haddy Jallow (born 14 October 1985) is a Gambian-Swedish non-professional actress who on 23 January 2007 won Sweden's top film award the Guldbagge Award as Best Actress in a Leading Role for her performance as a teenage rape victim in Säg att du älskar mig (Say That You Love Me) released in Sweden on 25 August 2006.A native of the former British colony of Gambia the smallest country on the African continent Haddy Jallow grew up in the Stockholm suburb of Rinkeby an area noted for its high concentration of African immigrants and subsequently moved with her family to Skogås a suburban municipality with a rural environment.At the age of 15 she was cast by director Daniel Fridell in a 2001 episode of the Swedish television series En klass för sig which portrayed high-school life. 
 Elizabeth Simcoe (September 22 1762 – January 17 1850) was an artist and diarist in colonial Canada. She was the wife of John Graves Simcoe the first Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada.
 Pierre Ernst Vilhelm Lindstedt (born 15 August 1943) is a Swedish actor. He has appeared in more than 50 films and television shows since 1966. He is son to Carl-Gustaf Lindstedt.
 Ida Minerva Tarbell (November 5 1857 – January 6 1944) was an American teacher author and journalist. She was one of the leading muckrakers of the progressive era. She wrote many notable magazine series and biographies. She is best known for her 1904 book The History of the Standard Oil Company which was listed as No. 5 in a 1999 list by New York University of the top 100 works of 20th-century American journalism. She depicted John D.
 Antoine Fats Domino Jr. (born February 26 1928) is an American rhythm and blues and rock and roll pianist and singer-songwriter. Domino released five gold (million-copy-selling) records before 1955. He also had 35 Top 40 American hits and has a music style based on traditional rhythm and blues ensembles of bass piano electric guitar drums and saxophone.
 Laura Anne Gilman (born 1967 New Jersey) is an American fantasy author.
 Nami Kurokawa (黒河 奈美 Kurokawa Nami born January 25 1980) is a Japanese voice actress from Osaka Japan. When voicing adult games she is known as Mina Motoyama (本山 美奈 Motoyama Mina).
 Christie Allen (born as June Allen 12 September 1954 – 12 August 2008) was an English-born pop singer who had a successful career in Australia. Her top four hits on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart were Goosebumps (October 1979) and He's My Number One (February 1980). Allen was voted the Most Popular Female Performer at the TV Week / Countdown Music Awards for 1979 and 1980. At the 1979 awards Goosebumps also won the Best Songwriter award for Terry Britten.
 Georgie Shaw was an American popular musician born George Shoester in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.He recorded a song called Let Me Go Devil which was about alcoholism. It was later rewritten as Let Me Go Lover!. Another song that he originally recorded which became a hit later when recorded by another singer was Honeycomb. He released four Top 40 singles in the U.S. in the 1950s all on Decca Records. Till We Two Are One was his biggest hit reaching #7 in 1954.
 Jason Dormon (born 2 May 1971) is a British bassist and venue owner. He is most noted for his work in Joeyfat and also for his running of the Tunbridge Wells Forum.
 Viriato Díaz Pérez was of the most important teachers that Paraguay had in almost half a century.
 Jezper Söderlund is a Swedish record producer and electronic music artist who records mainly under the name of Airbase. His experimentation with electronic music began in 1994 after he was introduced to a digital sequencer application called Scream Tracker. Since 2004 he's been using Ableton Live as his sequencer of choice and he's also known for posting HD tutorials on YouTube with various tips and tricks on how to make the most of Ableton Live.
 William Allen (died 1647) was a prominent English actor in the Caroline era. He belonged to both of the most important theatre companies of his generation Queen Henrietta's Men and the King's Men.Allen was a member of the Queen Henrietta's company through the main phase of its existence from 1625 to 1636. Six cast lists for five plays survive for the company; Allen is one of only two men (the other being Michael Bowyer) who is included in all six lists.
 Hope Nicholls (born January 1960) is an American singer-songwriter from Charlotte North Carolina. She was the lead vocalist of the alternative rock bands Fetchin Bones Sugarsmack and Snagglepuss. She also briefly toured with Martin Atkins' band Pigface in support of their album Fook . Hope is currently a contributing vocalist to a local education fund-raising project The Plaza Family Band and is working on a new music project set to debut in 2014.
 Lucy Holmes is a British-born Australian performer TV presenter radio host screenplay writer and director.She has studied a degree in Music Theatre and has since worked as a professional singer actress and presenter recording artist and backing vocalist. She has modelled for companies such as TDK Rutherfords Jewellery Members Equity Bank and Shoe Sales.
 Ramón Sagredo (1834–1873) was a 19th-century Mexican painter and photographer who worked under the patronage of Emperor Maximilian and decorated the former cupola of La Profesa with the Catalonian master Pelegrín Clavé.Trained at San Carlos Academy from 1854 to 1859 he received praise for his Jesus on the road to Emmaus (including a positive review by Cuba's national poet José Martí).
 Jeremy Taylor (born 24 November 1937 in Newbury Berkshire) is an English folk singer and songwriter who has spent much of his life in South Africa originally as a teacher of English in southern Johannesburg but since 1994 has lived in Wales and in France. Part stand-up comedian part singer Taylor has used his talents to confront the idiosyncrasies as well as societal woes in life.
 Robert Wolfman Belfour (born September 11 1940 Red Banks Mississippi United States) is an American blues musician. His father Grant Belfour taught him the guitar at a young age and he continued his tutelage in the blues from musicians Otha Turner R. L. Burnside and Junior Kimbrough. Kimbrough in particular had a profound influence on him. His music is deeply rooted in Mississippi Hill Country traditions in contrast to those of delta blues.
 David Bromberg (born September 19 1945) is an American multi-instrumentalist singer and songwriter. An eclectic artist Bromberg plays bluegrass blues folk jazz country and western and rock and roll equally well. He is known for his quirky humorous lyrics and the ability to play rhythm and lead guitar at the same time.Bromberg has played with many famous musicians including Jerry Jeff Walker Willie Nelson Jorma Kaukonen Jerry Garcia Rusty Evans (The Deep) and Bob Dylan.
 Umewaka Minoru I (初世 梅若 実 Shosei Umewaka Minoru July 7 1828-January 19 1909) was a Noh actor of late Edo and early Meiji period Japan. A prolific teacher of Noh in the Meiji period he taught a variety of people including the painter Kōgyo the writer Ezra Pound and the scholar and art collector Ernest Fenollosa. His diary published under the title Umewaka Minoru Nikki spans much of his life and records in great detail his activities and the world of Noh in the Meiji period.
 Alice Masak French (June 29 1930-July 5 2013) is a Ninatakmuit Inuit author who lived in Souris Manitoba. An Inuvialuit she was born an at Baille Island in the Northwest Territories. Her work focuses on the experiences of Inuit women and discusses the struggle to hold on to Native tradition. Her My Name is Masak is an autobiographical tale about her youth in a boarding school while The Restless Nomad (1992) continues the story up until she moves to Ireland.
 Lynn Gumert (born 1961) is an American musician and contemporary composer.
 Auguste-Jean-Marie Vermorel (June 21 1841 - June 20 1871) was a French journalist.
 Paul Dawson best known as Hot Sauce or Hollywood Hot Sauce is an American music producer and songwriter based in Los Angeles California. In short Dawson has written produced and co-produced singles including Robin Thicke's Sex Therapy New Boyz's Spot Right There and Usher's Hot Tottie.
 Nico Constantine is an American music director producer and guitarist known for his work with Lady Gaga The Biters Program the Dead Comes with the Fall and Madfly and for his production company Institution Media.
 Jade Errol Puget (born November 28 1973 in Santa Rosa California) is an American musician and producer best known as the guitarist for the punk rock band AFI (joined in 1998) and the keyboardist/synthesizer operator for the electronic duo Blaqk Audio. Puget is vegetarian and straight edge.
 Laila El Khalifi (born September 6 1971) better known by her stage name Leila K is a Swedish Eurodance singer and former rapper of Moroccan descent.
 Gemma Ann Merna (born 11 October 1984 in Cleethorpes England) is an English actress and glamour model. She is best known for portraying the role of Carmel McQueen in the Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks since 2006.
 Tina Howe (born November 21 1937) is an American playwright. She is the daughter of journalist Quincy Howe and was raised in a literary family. Over a career spanning more than three decades Howe's best-known works are Painting Churches Coastal Disturbances and Pride's Crossing.Her works have won numerous awards including the 1998 New York Drama Critics Circle Award for Best Play (Pride’s Crossing). Coastal Disturbances was nominated for the 1987 Tony Award for Best Play.
 Lou Charmelle (born October 8 1983) is the stage name of a French former pornographic actress of Tunisian origin.She entered the adult industry at 24 years old in February 2008; she filmed her first scene in a video produced by Fabien Lafait she had previously met during a visit in an erotic fair in Bordeaux. She announced her retirement in October 2012.
 Michael Gecan is a community organizer in New York affiliated with the Industrial Areas Foundation. He was trained in part by Saul Alinsky. He is lead organizer for East Brooklyn Congregations and other New York based organizations. He is the executive director of United Power for Action and Justice a Chicago Based Industrial Area Foundation affiliate. He is the author of Going Public: An Organizer's Guide to Citizen Action (Anchor Books 2004).
 Charles Magnante (1905–1986) was an American piano-accordionist arranger composer author and educator. His artistry helped raise the image of the accordion from an instrument considered suitable only for folk music to an instrument accepted in many music genres.
 Filippo Pedrini (Bologna 1763 - Bologna 1856) was an Italian painter.He was the son of the painter Domenico Pedrini. At the Accademia Clementina in Bologna he became a pupil of Ubaldo and Gaetano Gandolfi while Mauro Gandolfi and Felice Giani were fellow students.His first paintings of Saints Barbara and Thomas Aquinas for San Bartolomeo in Bologna (both in situ) date from 1779 were probably completed in collaboration with his father.
 Sharyn Scott is a British-American singer and songwriter.She is known for singing the English versions of the theme songs in the Tenchi Muyo! series (mostly the songs originally sung by Chisa Yokoyama). Scott was a guest singer at Yokoyama's Los Angeles concert in 1996.
 Matthew Odell is an American pianist. He has performed as both a solo and collaborative pianist performing at a variety of locations throughout the United States including New York's Carnegie Hall and the Kennedy Center in Washington DC and cities around the world.
 Amaury Gutiérrez is a Cuban singer-songwriter.His first album Amaury Gutiérrez (1999) was nominated for a Latin Grammy and sold more than 600 thousand copies. He received the breakthrough artist award of the year by Premio Onda in Spain in 2000.He has supported the dissident movement Yo No Coopero Con La Dictadura (English: I Do Not Cooperate with the Dictatorship).
 Margaret LeAnn Rimes Cibrian (born August 28 1982) known professionally as LeAnn Rimes is an American country and pop singer.
 Jonathan Williams (born 1957) is a British horn player who lives in Fossa near L'Aquila in Italy.Jonathan Williams was born in England and studied with Sydney Coulston at the Royal Northern College of Music in Manchester. In 1982 he joined the Chamber Orchestra of Europe as principal horn. With The Gaudier Ensemble he recorded most of the central chamber music repertoire which includes the horn. He was also co-principal horn of the BBC Symphony Orchestra.
 Ennio Flaiano (5 March 1910 in Pescara – 20 November 1972 in Rome) was an Italian screenwriter playwright novelist journalist and drama critic. Best known for his work with Federico Fellini Flaiano co-wrote ten screenplays with the Italian director including La Strada (1954) La Dolce Vita (1960) and 8½.
 James Siena (born October 28 1957) is an American contemporary artist based in New York City. His art is typically created through a series of self-imposed constraints also sometimes referred to as visual algorithms —rules Siena decides on before sitting down to work. In most of his work he establishes a basic unit and action and repeats it indefinitely. Siena commented that at a certain point I wanted to make drawings and works that act as machines.
 Susan Jane Suzie McNeil is a Canadian (Toronto-based) pop rock recording artist.
 Bob Bolling (born June 9 1928) is an American comic artist and writer best known for his work in Archie Comics. He created the company's popular spinoff title Little Archie.Bolling was born in Brockton Massachusetts. After serving in the U.S. Navy he graduated from Vesper George Art School in Boston. His first job in comics was assisting cartoonist George Shedd on the adventure comic strip Marlin Keel. In 1954 he began freelancing for Archie Comics writing and drawing joke pages.
 Adam Forkner (born March 27 1976) is a musician / producer from Portland Oregon USA who since 2003 has performed as White Rainbow.
 Robo (born Julio Roberto Valverde Valencia in 1955) is a Colombian-American drummer. He was the drummer for Misfits and first gained recognition as a drummer for Black Flag.
 Sean Costello (born 1951 in Ottawa Ontario) is a Canadian author of horror fiction and an anesthesiologist living in Sudbury Ontario.His first three novels published in North America by Pocket Books have been released in the UK by Tor Books and translated into Dutch German and Russian. Finders Keepers and Sandman were published by Red Tower Publications and Finders Keepers has been optioned to film.
 John Edward Bruce also known as Bruce Grit or J. E. Bruce-Grit (February 22 1856 – August 7 1924) born a slave in Maryland United States became a journalist historian writer orator civil rights activist and Pan-African nationalist. He founded newspapers in Washington DC and Norfolk Virginia as well as co-founding the Negro Society for Historical Research in New York.
 Magnus Bäcklund (born 16 November 1965 in Kristinehamn Värmland Sweden) is a Swedish singer. He was part of the Swedish duo fame with Jessica Andersson between 2002 and 2006 after they met at the reality television show Fame Factory. After the break up of the band he developed a solo singing career releasing an album Never Say Never in 2006 immediately after the break-up.
 Mario Sarto (October 13 1885– September 13 1955) was an important sculptor of religious and commemorative art renowned for the vast statuary present in the Monumental Cemetery of Bologna.Many of his statues are also located in the main squares of Italian cities among which Codigoro Ferrara Bologna with representations of patron saints and heroic figures of the two World Wars.Grandnephew of Giuseppe Melchiorre Sarto Saint Pius X he attended the Academy of Fine Arts of Brera in Milan then opened his own studio in Bologna where he lived and worked for the rest of his life.
 Catarina Hurtig (born 2 March 1975) is a Swedish journalist and author and participant in the TV-show I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!.Catarina lives close to the Royal Stables in Östermalm in Stockholm with her son.
 Theodor Franz Jörgensmann (born September 29 1948 in Bottrop Germany) is a jazz and free-improvising Basset clarinet player and composer. He has been a professional musician since 1975.
 Stanley Spiro (May 27 1919 – October 6 2011) was a pioneer in the practice of modern dentistry and anesthesiology author and educator. Dr. Spiro dedicated his professional life to the much needed relief of pain anxiety and fear for the dental patient.
 Marcel Janco (German: [maɐ̯ˈsɛl ˈjaŋko] French: [maʁsɛl ʒɑ̃ko] common rendition of the Romanian name Marcel Hermann Iancu pronounced [marˈt͡ʃel ˈherman ˈjaŋku] last name also Ianco Janko or Jancu; May 24 1895 – April 21 1984) was a Romanian and Israeli visual artist architect and art theorist. He was the co-inventor of Dadaism and a leading exponent of Constructivism in Eastern Europe. In the 1910s he co-edited with Ion Vinea and Tristan Tzara the Romanian art magazine Simbolul.
 Daniel Robert Anderson (born March 3 1986) is an American musician and record producer and one of the founding members of the alternative rock band Idiot Pilot the folk/alternative band The Ghost and the Grace and Glowbug. He is a multi-instrumentalist and provides vocals. Anderson also contributes a track without a moniker to the Pacific Northwest electronic music compilation titled Cumulous.In 2010 Anderson officially held the fifth highest score ever recorded on Nintendo Tetris.
 Jón Jónsi Þór Birgisson (pronounced [ˈjouːn ˈθouːr ˈpɪrkɪsɔn ˈjounsɪ] ) (born April 23 1975) is the guitarist and vocalist for the Icelandic post-rock band Sigur Rós. He is known for his use of a cello bow on guitar and his countertenor voice. He is also blind in his right eye from birth as a cause of a broken optic nerve from the brain. He is openly gay. Apart from Sigur Rós Jónsi also performs together with his partner Alex Somers as an art collaboration called Jónsi & Alex.
 Gert Hofmann (29 January 1931 – 1 July 1993) was a German writer and professor of German literature. Hofmann was born in Limbach Saxony (Germany) and died in Erding (near Munich).He grew up in his native Limbach. In 1948 he moved with his family to Leipzig. There he attended a school for translators studying English and Russian. In 1950 he enrolled to the University of Leipzig where he studied Romance languages and Slavic languages.
 Pietro Ricchi (1606 – 15 August 1675) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period born in Lucca.He traveled widely thorough Northern Italy. He was a pupil of the painter Domenico Passignano and Guido Reni. He painted an altarpiece for the church of San Francesco in Lucca. Ricchi died in Udine in 1675.
 Charles Waterhouse (September 22 1924 – November 16 2013) was an American painter illustrator and sculptor renowned for using United States Marine Corps historical themes as the motif for his works. His art spans subjects from Tun Tavern the birthplace of the U. S. Marines to present day topics.
 Steven Peterman is an American television producer screenwriter and actor.
 Emily Susan Rapp (born July 12 1974) is an American memoirist. When she was six years old she was chosen as the poster child for the March of Dimes due to a congenital birth defect that resulted in the amputation of her leg. As of 2013 she has written two memoirs including one that presents her life as an amputee and the another that tells the story of the birth of her child and his diagnoses of Tay-Sachs disease. She is a former Fulbright scholar and recipient of the James A.
 Roy Clarke OBE (born 28 January 1930) is an English comedy writer.
 Ahmad Kaabour (Arabic: أحمد قعبور; b. July 9 1955 Beirut Lebanon) is a renowned Lebanese singer songwriter music composer and actor. He is perhaps best known for his song Ounadikom which he composed in 1975 upon the outbreak of the Lebanese civil war.
 Flip Phillips (March 26 1915 – August 17 2001) was an American jazz tenor saxophone and clarinet player. He is best remembered for his work with Jazz at the Philharmonic from 1946 to 1957.
 Dirk (or Dirck) Pietersz Crabeth (1501–1574) was a Dutch Renaissance glass painter tapestry designer and mapmaker. He was employed by the Janskerk (Gouda) during the 16th century where he created eight of the stained glass windows during the years 1555-1571. His windows are one of the reasons that the church was placed on the UNESCO list of monuments.
 Shawn Tng 唐志瑋 is an award-winning singer and composer from Singapore.
 Raimund Hermann Siegfried Moltke (usually known as Siegfried Moltke) (born Leipzig 9 July 1869; died ca. 1958) was a German writer and economist.
 Herbert Knowles (1798–1817) was an English poet.Knowles was the author of the well-known Stanzas written in Richmond Churchyard which gave promise of future excellence. However he died a few weeks after he had been enabled through the help of Robert Southey to whom he had sent some of his poems to go to the University of Cambridge. This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain:
 James Cotton (born July 1 1935) is an American blues harmonica player singer and songwriter who has performed and recorded with many of the great blues artists of his time as well as with his own band. Although he played drums early in his career Cotton is famous for his work on the harmonica. Cotton began his professional career playing the blues harp in Howlin' Wolf's band in the early 1950s.
 Vicky Moscholiou (Greek: Βίκυ Μοσχολιού [ˈvici mosxoˈʎu] 23 May 1943 – 16 August 2005) born in Metaxourgeio in Athens was a Greek singer. On 14 March 2010 Alpha TV ranked Moscholiou the 13th top-certified female artist in the nation's phonographic era (since 1960).
 Martin James Ford Craft (b 18 January 1976) is a musician and songwriter who lives and works in London. Craft was a founding member of the Australian rock band Sidewinder. When they split up he relocated to London where he followed a career as a solo artist under the name M.Craft. He has also spent several years playing rhythm guitar with Jarvis Cocker.
 William Pierce Butler (born October 6 1982) is an American multi-instrumentalist and composer who is best known as a member of the indie rock band Arcade Fire. William plays synthesizer bass guitar and percussion. He is known for his spontaneity and antics during performances. He is the brother of Arcade Fire frontman Win Butler. Butler received his first Academy Award nomination for his work on the original score of the film Her in 2014.
 Stella Madden is an English actress who most recently played Sue Brannigan in ITV soap opera Emmerdale. She has had several other one-off appearances in other British shows such as Casualty and Holby City.
 Manuel Alejandro Ruiz (born May 17) better known by his stage names Boy Wonder Chosen Few[citation needed] is an American multi-platinum award winning producer and CEO of his record label Chosen Few Emerald Entertainment Inc. He was born to a Dominican and Puerto Rican mother in Brooklyn New York and raised in Long Island City Queens where he became interested in music.
 Siniša Vuco (born 29 April 1971 in Split SR Croatia SFR Yugoslavia) his stage name being simply Vuco is a Croatian singer songwriter. Common recurring themes in his songs include: addiction alcoholism love the past and suffering.
 Tiffany Ann Laufer is an American film director screenwriter children's author & illustrator. Laufer studied cinematography at The American Film Institute. She wrote and directed the award winning short film The Acorn Penny.She has written and illustrated three children's books: The Porch Dream Bellaboo & Colby's Colors of Summer & Bellaboo & B–Bug's Book of Counting.
 Renji Ishibashi (石橋 蓮司 Ishibashi Renji) born Renji Ishida (石田 蓮司 Ishida Renji born August 9 1941 in Shinagawa Tokyo) is a Japanese actor and voice actor. He won the award for best supporting actor at the 15th Hochi Film Award for Rōnin-gai.
 Leslie Newman is a screenwriter who co-wrote the first three Superman films with husband David Newman who died in 2003. They had two children together. She has written a novel entitled Gathering Force (Simon and Schuster 1974) and a cook book entitled Feasts: Menus for Home-cooked Celebrations (HarperCollins 1990).Newman studied at the University of Michigan.
 Ian Brennan is a television writer actor producer and director. He is best known for his work on the American television show Glee.
 Sir David Emrys Evans (1891 – 20 February 1966) was a Welsh classicist and university principal.
 Ernest Clifford Peixotto (1869–1940) was an American artist illustrator and author. Although he was known mainly for his murals and his travel literature his artwork also regularly appeared in Scribner's Magazine. His 1916 work Our Hispanic Southwest is famous for including the first written appearance of the ethnic slur spic (although in fact it had previously appeared with a different spelling and pronunciation).
 Ivan Parker is an American Southern Gospel singer.
 Madiraju Ranga Rao (born 1935) is a scholar of Telugu Literature associated with Classical Literature Indian Poetics Modern Poetry Novel & Criticism and Studies in Sanskrit Literature.
 James Herries Beattie (6 June 1881–11 May 1972) was a New Zealand bookkeeper journalist historian ethnologist and bookseller. He was born in Gore Southland New Zealand on 6 June 1881.
 Susan Andersen (b. 1950) is an American writer of romance novels since 1989.
 Youth Lagoon is an American art project started in 2010 by musician Trevor Powers (born in San Diego California raised in Boise Idaho). Powers has been active in Youth Lagoon since 2010. His debut album The Year of Hibernation was released on Fat Possum Records on September 27 2011. The debut album explores themes such as psychological dysphoria and mental distress and is based around minimalism and hypnotic ambience.
 Professor A. Dakshinamurthy born in Neduvakkottai Mannargudi Taluk Thiruvarur district Tamilnadu India in 1938 is a Tamil scholar a writer and a translator of Sangam medieval and modern Tamil literature into English.
 Marshall Vian Summers born on January 28 1949 is an author and the founder of The Society for the New Message from God. His books include Steps to Knowledge: The Book of Inner Knowing (Winner of ForeWord Magazine's Spirituality Book of the Year) and Wisdom from the Greater Community: Volume II–How to Find Purpose Meaning and Direction in an Emerging World (Winner of the 1997 IBPA Benjamin Franklin Silver Medal Award for Spirituality).
 Lance Ellington (born c. 1958 London England) is an English singer songwriter and actor. Ellington the only son of the band leader Ray Ellington specialises in swing and big ballads. He has worked with many artists including Sting George Michael Michael Jackson and Robbie Williams; and currently makes regular performances on the BBC programme Strictly Come Dancing.
 Joan Clark BA D.Litt (hon.) (née MacDonald) (born 12 October 1934) is a Canadian fiction author.Born in Liverpool Nova Scotia Clark spent her youth in Nova Scotia and New Brunswick. She attended Acadia University for its drama program graduating with a Bachelor of Arts degree with English major in 1957.[1] She has worked as a teacherClark lived in Alberta for two decades and attended Edmonton's University of Alberta.
 Elena Risteska (Macedonian: Елена Ристеска [ˈɛlɛna ˈristɛska] ; born April 27 1986 in Skopje SR Macedonia SFR Yugoslavia) is a Macedonian singer and song-writer. She represented Macedonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 in Athens with the song Ninanajna and finished in 12th place the highest ever finish for Macedonia. Risteska is also an occasional songwriter writing for artists such as 4Play Lambe Alabakoski and Aleksandra Pileva.
 Rebecca Martin (born April 24 1969) is an American singer and songwriter from Rumford Maine.
 Andrea Brown (born 17 February 1974) is an African American female singer from Boston Massachusetts. She is also the cousin of singer Bobby Brown.In 2002 she scored a #1 Hot Dance Music/Club Play track as the lead vocalist on Goldtrix's cover of Jill Scott's It's Love (Trippin').
 John Johnny Florea (born in Alliance Ohio on May 28 1916 ; died in Las Vegas on August 25 2000) was a television director and a photographer.
 Gracy is a Malayalam author. Her first collection of short stories Padiyirangippoya Parvati was published in 1991. Her awards include the Lalithambika Antharjanam Award (1995) the Thoppil Ravi Award (1997) the Katha Prize for the Best Malayalam Short Story (1998) and the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award (2000). Her major works are Narakavaathil Randu Swapna Darsikal Kaveriyude Neru Eezbu Penkathakal Panikkannu and a collection Gracyude Kathakal.
 George J. Sowden (born 1942 in Leeds UK) is a designer. He studied architecture at Gloucestershire College of Art in the 1960s. He moved to Milano in 1970 where he started working with Ettore Sottsass and Olivetti.
 Giovanni Giacomo Monti (born 1692) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.He trained with Agostino Mitelli the pre-eminent quadratura painter from Bologna. Monti became a colleague of Baldassare Bianchi Mitelli's son-in-law. This partnership also met with success particularly at Mantua where they both received regular salaries from the Ducal Court. Their figure-painter was Giovanni Battista Caccioli of Budrio pupil to Domenico Maria Canuti and a follower of Carlo Cignani.
 Sean McNabb (born September 24 1965) is an American actor musician/bassist and singer.McNabb was born in South Bend Indiana. At age 21 he became the bass player of the 80s metal band Quiet Riot.McNabb joined Dokken as their bassist in 2009 and has been a mainstay with the band since. He has recorded over 35 CD's in his discography. He has also toured and recorded with House of Lords Great White Lynch Mob Montrose Edgar Winter Maya Bad Moon Rising Rough Cutt and XYZ.
 John Milo Slick (born September 28 1953 in Fort Wayne Indiana) was a Christian rock musician from the Christian rock band Petra. Slick is currently retired from music and works in the computer industry.
 Brandi Danielle Williams (born October 5 1982) is an American actress singer and songwriter. She is most notable for singing in the R&B trio Blaque.
 Ann Aguirre is an American author of speculative fiction. She writes urban fantasy romantic science fiction apocalyptic paranormal romance (with co-author Carrie Lofty as Ellen Connor) paranormal romantic suspense (as Ava Gray) and post-apocalyptic dystopian young-adult fiction.
 Desdamona is a hip-hop and spoken word artist from Minneapolis Minnesota United States. She has won five Minnesota Music Awards for 'Best Spoken Word Artist' in the years 2000 2003 2004 2005 and 2006 (the awards were not hosted in 2001 and 2002). For that reason and her strong standing in the male-dominated hip-hop scene she is considered to be the best female spoken word and hip-hop artist in the Midwest.
 Karl Sanders (born June 5 1963) is an American musician most widely known as the founding member of the American ancient Egyptian-themed technical death metal band Nile. He was born in California and lives in Greenville South Carolina. Sanders is endorsed by Dean Guitars and has two signature models by KxK Guitars.
 Diana Yukawa (ダイアナ湯川 Daiana Yukawa) is a Japanese-born British solo violinist and songwriter. She has released three solo albums and one digital EP.
 Duvvuru Ramireddy (1895–1947) was an eminent Telugu poet. He was born in a farmers family in Nellore district of Andhra Pradesh. He won many laurels including the title Kavikokila in 1929 by the Andhra Maha Parishad Vijayawada. RamiReddy wrote prabandhas Kandakavyas and also translated romantic poetry from Sanskrit and Arabic. Besides he provided Lyrics and Dialogues to Telugu films. He also wrote Hyderabad Paryatana in Telugu language.
 Bokuzen Hidari (左 卜全 Hidari Bokuzen 20 February 1894 - 26 May 1971) was a Japanese actor and comedian born in Kotesashi Village (now part of Tokorozawa) Iruma District Saitama Prefecture Japan. He appeared in such films as Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai The Lower Depths and Ikiru. Hidari was famous among Japanese audiences for his portrayals of meek downtrodden men and although a teetotaller was renowned for his convincing drunk scenes (see esp. Ikiru).
 Jed Simon (born February 27 1964) is a Canadian musician. He is currently a member of supergroup Scar the Martyr and has been a member of numerous metal bands including Front Line Assembly Strapping Young Lad Zimmers Hole and TENET.
 Jessica McHugh is an American author of speculative fiction member of the Maryland Writers Association and affiliate member of the Horror Writers Association. A prolific writer she has had thirteen books published by indie presses in five years. Her first play Fool call it Fate: a story of sex coincidence and electronic cigarette produced at The Mobtown Theater was chosen as the Best New Play of 2011 by Baltimore Broadway World.[1]
 Mirei Kuroda (黒田 美礼 Kuroda Mirei born 20 April 1978 in Saitama Japan) is a famous busty Japanese swimsuit model. She was Fuji Television's Visual Queen of the Year in 1996.
 George Lamond (born George Garcia February 25 1967 Washington D.C. USA) sometimes styled George LaMond is an American freestyle music singer. He is known for his song and album Bad of the Heart.
 Alan Garner OBE (born 17 October 1934) is an English novelist best known for his children's fantasy novels and his retellings of traditional British folk tales.
 Công Quốc Hà (born on 29 October 1955) is an acclaimed Vietnamese artist and lacquer painter. He was born in Hanoi in 1955 and graduated from the Hanoi Industrial Fine Arts College.Cong Quoc Ha is one of the most active and best known Vietnamese lacquer painters. He is well known for his elegant female figures. He belongs to a group of artists who revived the art of traditional Vietnamese lacquer painting and gave it a modern face around the world.
 Gustav Frenssen (19 October 1863 – 11 April 1945) was a German novelist. He wrote patriotically about his native country and promoted Heimatkunst (regionalism) in literature.
 Rodaidh McDonald is a Scottish music producer mix engineer and record company executive. He was born in Edinburgh Scotland. His production and mixing credits include The xx King Krule How to Dress Well Adele Savages Daughter The Horrors Bobby Womack Vampire Weekend and Gil Scott-Heron.Since 2009 McDonald has worked for XL Recordings and runs XL Studios the label's in-house recording studio.
 Frederic Ernest Fesca (February 15 1789 – May 24 1826) German violinist and composer of instrumental music.
 Yusuke Murata (Japanese: 村田 雄介 Hepburn: Murata Yūsuke born July 4 1978) is a Japanese manga artist from Miyagi. He is best known for illustrating the American football manga Eyeshield 21 in collaboration with writer Riichiro Inagaki. Eyeshield 21 was serialized between July 2002 and June 2009 in Weekly Shōnen Jump and was later adapted into an anime television series.
 For Sanskrit title for a great king or high king see MaharajaKorriche Toufik better known by his stage name Maradja is a singer songwriter and music producer in France. He has collaborated with a number of artists and is mostly known for his 2008 hits with DJ Assad most notably Everybody Clap and Summer Lovin' both credited as DJ Assad vs Maradja.
 Gerhard (Gerry) Friedle (born 7 January 1971) is an Austrian entertainer and singer better known by his stage name DJ Ötzi (pronounced [ˈdiː.dʃeɪ ˈœ.tsi]). Successful mainly in German-speaking countries he is best known in the English-speaking world for his 2001 single Hey Baby (Uhh Ahh) a cover version of the Bruce Channel song Hey! Baby.
 Jef Van Campen (born 6 February 1934 Antwerp) is a Belgian post-impressionistic art painter. He is mostly known for his maritime paintings.Jef Van Campen is most known for his maritime paintings (impressions of rivers sea and of ships in the Antwerp harbour). His work also contains portraits and still life.
 Félix Tanco y Bosmeniel (Jan 28 1797–1871 was a writer poet and novelist better known for the first fictional story about slavery in the Americas: Petrona y Rosalía.Born Félix Manuel de Jesús Tanco y Bosmeniel in Bogotá Colombia he arrived in Cuba at a very young age.He was considered the most radical writer of the epoch speaking against the injustices committed by the colonial government.
 Daniel Carney (1944–1987) was a white Rhodesian novelist. Three of his novels have been made into films. He is a brother of Erin Pizzey also a writer.
 Eedris Abdulkareem born Eedris Turayo Abdulkareem Ajenifuja is a Nigerian hip hop and revolutionary artist.Born to a polygamous family in Kano Nigeria his father was from Ilesha Osun State and his mother was from Ogun State. Raised in Kano he adopted Kano State as his state of origin. His father resides in Lagos while his mother continues to reside in Kano.
 Guy Andrews educated at Cranleigh School (1974–79) and St. Peter's College Oxford University is an English television writer who has written for television programmes including Lost in Austen Absolute Power Agatha Christie's Poirot Chancer and Blandings (the latter adapting the works of P. G. Wodehouse).
 Ilham al-Madfai (Arabic: إلهام المدفعي‎) (born c. 1942) is an Iraqi guitarist singer and composer. al-Madfai's synthesis of Western guitar stylings with traditional Iraqi music has made him a popular performer in his native country and throughout the Middle East.
 Jacques Revaux (born Jacques Abel Jules Revaud 11 July 1940 in Azay-sur-Cher Indre-et-Loire) is a French songwriter most famous for his 1968 collaboration with singer Claude François on the song Comme d'habitude that singer-songwriter Paul Anka reworked into the English language as My Way. He co-founded Trema Records with Regis Talar. Revaux also wrote many hit songs for another French singing star Michel Sardou.
 Dominic Lyne (born 1983 Canvey Island Essex) is an English author currently based in London.Common themes within his work include drug abuse dissociation and mental health issues.
 Valentine Hugo (1887 – 1968) was a French artist. She was born Valentine Gross in Boulogne-sur-Mer and died in Paris.Valentine studied painting in Paris and in 1919 married French artist Jean Hugo (1894–1984) great-grandson of Victor Hugo.
 Dvora Bochman (Hebrew: דבורה בוצ'מן‎) (born 1950) is an Israeli artist painter sculptor graphic designer and art educator.
 Mrityunjay Kumar Singh (मृत्युंजय कुमार सिंह) (born August 30 1961) is an Indian Police Service Officer of the 1987 batch belonging to the West Bengal Cadre. He is also a poet columnist lyricist and folk musician.
 Teodoro Teddy de Villa Diaz (1 April 1963 - 21 August 1988) was a Filipino guitarist and songwriter best known as a founding member of the band The Dawn. At the height of his career and at the peak of The Dawn's popularity in the late 1980s he was stabbed to death in front of his girlfriend's house by two bystanders allegedly under the influence of drugs and alcohol.
 Ardath Frances Hurst Mayhar (February 20 1930 – February 1 2012) was an American writer and poet. She began writing science fiction in 1979 after returning with her family to Texas from Oregon. She was nominated for the Mark Twain Award and won the Balrog Award for a horror narrative poem in Masques I.She had numerous other nominations for awards in almost every fiction genre and has won many awards for poetry.
 Alex Jolig (born Alexander Jolig on January 17 1963 in Stuttgart) better known by his stage name Alex is a German actor singer and motorcycle racer.Once a housemate in Big Brother Germany reality show on RTL II he became famous in Europe and also internationally with his hit songs Ich will nur dich and Willst du...?.
 William Levi Crawford (1911–1984) was an American publisher and editor.
 Obed Gómez a.k.a. The Puerto Rican Picasso (born 1966) is a Puerto Rican artist of modern art.
 Phil Manzanera (born Philip Geoffrey Targett-Adams 31 January 1951) is a British musician and record producer. He is the lead guitarist with Roxy Music. In 2006 Manzanera co-produced David Gilmour's album On an Island and played in Gilmour's band for tours in Europe and North America. He wrote and presented a series of 14 one-hour radio programmes for station Planet Rock entitled The A-Z of Great Guitarists and his instrumental album Firebird V11 was released in 2008.
 Bokuzō Masana (正名 僕蔵 Masana Bokuzō) is a Japanese actor.Masana starred as Asao Konishi in L: Change the WorLd.
 Tory Mason (also known as Adrian)[citation needed] is an American pornographic actor (porn star) who has appeared in gay pornography; both in pornographic films and online at commercial amateur porn websites. Born in Idaho he lived in Belgium for five years as a child. He entered college in Chicago for one semester immediately after graduation from high school and has since transferred to Los Angeles where he now lives and is continuing his college education.[citation needed]
 James Romberger (born 1958) is an American fine artist and cartoonist known for his depictions of New York City's Lower East Side.Romberger's pastel drawings of the ravaged landscape of the Lower East Side and its citizens are in many public and private collections including the Metropolitan Museum of Art and Brooklyn Museums in New York City.
 Léo Margarit is a French drummer currently living in Sweden as a member of Pain of Salvation.
 Wally Bill Hedrick (1928 in Pasadena California – December 17 2003 in Bodega Bay California) was a seminal American artist in the 1950s California counterculture gallerist and educator who came to prominence in the early 1960s. Hedrick’s contributions to art include pioneering artworks in psychedelic light art mechanical kinetic sculpture junk/assemblage sculpture Pop Art and (California) Funk Art.
 Benjamin Hale (born August 20 1983 in Hayward California) is an American novelist based in Brooklyn New York. He was raised in Boulder Colorado where in he attended Fairview High School. In 2006 he received a B.A. from Sarah Lawrence College and earned an M.F.A.
 Gennaro Manna (12 December 1715 - 28 December 1779) was an Italian composer based in Naples. His compositional output includes 13 operas and more than 150 sacred works including several oratorios. See Italian Wikipedia.
 Anne Marriott (November 5 1913 – October 10 1997) was a Canadian writer who won the Governor General’s Award for her book Calling Adventurers! She was renowned especially for the narrative poem The Wind Our Enemy which she wrote while still in her twenties.
 Alexander Iosifovich Braginsky (Russian: Александр Иосифович Брагинский Aleksandr Iosifovič Braginskij; May 29 1944) is a Russian-born pianist living in America.
 Marek Tomaszewski (born 20 November 1943 in Kraków) is a Polish pianist. He was one half of the pianist duo Marek and Wacek with Wacław Kisielewski from 1963 until his death on 12 July 1986. He is the father of French music video director David Tomaszewski.
 Gyula Tornai (Görgő 1861 - Budapest 1928) was a Hungarian painter now featured in the Hungarian National Gallery.
 Zofia Stryjeńska (born 13 May 1891 in Kraków died 1976 in Geneva) - Polish painter graphic designer illustrator stage designer a representative of art deco wife of Karol Stryjeński. Along with Olga Boznańska and Tamara de Lempicka she was one of the best-known Polish women artists of the interwar period. In the 1930s she was nominated for the prestigious Golden Laurel of the Polish Academy of Literature but declined the offer.
 Leopold Loeffler also spelled Löffler (October 27 1827 – February 6 1898) was a Polish realist painter of the late Romantic period popular in the second half of the 19th century under the foreign partitions of Poland.
 Servet Kocakaya (born 19 May 1973) is a Zaza–Kurdish singer-songwriter. He sings mostly in Turkish but also has songs in Kurdish and Zazaki.
 Blu Cantrell (born Tiffany Cobb; March 16 1976) is an American R&B and soul singer-songwriter.
 David Parland (26 September 1970 – 19 March 2013) was a Swedish metal guitarist best known for his work in the bands Dark Funeral Necrophobic and Infernal in all of which he was one of the founding members.
 Jarret Brachman is a terrorism expert the author of Global Jihadism: Theory and Practice and a consultant to several government agencies about terrorism.
 Glenn Worf is a prolific Nashville session bassist. He has recorded with most major country music acts and currently tours with Mark Knopfler.
 Ender Thomas is a Venezuelan singer-songwriter. He was a featured vocalist during the 2009 tour for Yanni Voices produced by Disney Pearl Imprint. His vocal range is tenor.Ender was born in Venezuela. Prior to his work with Greek musician Yanni he was the frontman for a salsa band in his home country. For the Voices project he was the last of the four vocalists selected. Yanni commented It took us a year and a half to find Ender. We were looking for a Latino fiery specific kind of voice.
 Stefanie Jamaica Pschill aka Fawni (born 17 July 1985) is an Austrian singer-songwriter artist and actress. She currently lives in Hollywood CA.
 Bartholomeus van der Helst (1613 – buried 16 December 1670) was a Dutch portrait painter.
 Misty Massey is an American fantasy author. Her first novel Mad Kestrel (ISBN 9780765318022) was published in 2008 by Tor Books. It was given a three-star rating by Romantic Times. Massey has also published short stories in magazines.Massey is one of the founding members of the blog MagicalWords.net.
 Malcolm Vaughan (22 March 1929 – 9 February 2010) was a Welsh traditional pop music singer and actor. Known for his distinctive tenor voice he had a number of chart hits in the United Kingdom during the 1950s.
 Ronnie Mathews (December 2 1935 in New York City – June 28 2008 in Brooklyn) was an American jazz pianist who worked with Max Roach from 1963 to 1968 and Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers. He acted as lead in recording from 1963 and 1978 - 1979. His most recent work was in 2008 as both a mentor and musician with Generations a group of jazz musicians headed by veteran drummer Jimmy Cobb.
 Lewis Nottke is an American guitarist. He was the guitarist in Beat the Bone and is currently the guitarist in the Los Angeles based band Collinz Room.
 William Roberts (1767 Newington Butts – 21 May 1849) was an English barrister and legal writer an evangelical journal editor and the first biographer of Hannah More.
 Constantine Andreou (Also: Costas Andreou Kostas Andreou; French: Constantin Andréou Costas Andréou; Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Ανδρέου Κώστας Ανδρέου) (March 24 1917 – October 8 2007) was a painter and sculptor of Greek origin with a highly successful career that spanned six decades. Andreou has been praised by many as an eminent figure in international art of the 20th century.
 Andrea Appiani (31 May 1754 – 8 November 817) was an Italian neoclassical painter.He was born in Milan. He had been intended to follow his father's career in medicine but instead entered the private academy of the painter Carlo Maria Giudici (1723–1804). He received instruction in drawing copying mainly from sculpture and prints. He then joined the class of the fresco painter Antonio de' Giorgi which was held at the Ambrosiana picture gallery in Milan.
 Ferry Piekart is a Dutch author of children's books. His book Playing With Stuff - Outrageous Games with Ordinary Objects was published in the US by Kane/Miller Book Publishers.
 Bi Feiyu (Chinese: 毕飞宇; pinyin: Bì Fēiyǔ born 1964 in Xinghua Jiangsu) is a Chinese writer. He is a resident of Nanjing. His works are known for their complex portrayal of the female psyche. He has won some of the highest literary awards in China.
 Ak47 (born Ibrahim Kouacou January 29 1991 in Côte d'Ivoire) is a Swiss hip hop recording artist and the founder of JD Records.Kouacou started his career at age 13 when he began composing music and was well known in his hometown as a rapper. Kouacou began performing with his friends Sevillano & Sine as the group the A2S Crew.In November 2011 he released his street clip entitled Illegal in the Blood.
 Julio Voltio (born as Julio Irving Ramos Filomeno on March 20 1977 in Santurce Puerto Rico) is one of the reggaetón genre's best-known artists.[citation needed]His nickname came to be as the result of an accident. Before joining Karel he worked as an electrician.
 William Wallace Foster (January 23 1932 – May 10 2000) known as The Fox was an MC on the first season of Comedy Central's The Man Show under the shows original hosts Adam Carolla and Jimmy Kimmel. He was billed as The World's Fastest Beer Drinker a feat which he performed in an appearance on the TV show Taxi as well as numerous times on The Man Show.
 Mark Wallinger (born 1959) is a British artist best known for his sculpture for the empty fourth plinth in Trafalgar Square Ecce Homo (1999) and State Britain (2007) a recreation at Tate Britain of Brian Haw's protest display outside parliament. He won the Turner Prize in 2007. In October 2010 he and 100 other leading artists signed an open letter to the Culture Minister Jeremy Hunt protesting against cutbacks in the arts - he created a new work Reckless for the protest.
 Walt Harper (July 3 1926 – October 25 2006) was an American jazz pianist and influential nightclub owner.Harper's international reputation and musical ties attracted some of the greatest names in jazz to his hometown of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania where they would perform at the nightclubs he owned and the jazz festivals he produced.
 Rick Kemp (born 15 November 1941 in Little Hanford Dorset) is an English bass player songwriter vocalist and record producer best known for his work with the pioneering electric folk band Steeleye Span.
 Giovanni Malagoli (Novellara Reggio Emilia) December 7 1856- Velletri October 11 1926) was an Italian painter depicting landscapes genre and still lifes of fruits and flowers.He first attended gymnasium locally then went to Modena to study for six years in its Academy of Fine Arts under professor Malatesta. Among his works are: San Bernardino da Siena che trovasi a Novellara; Landscape with mill; Vecchia che fila; Lo stradone della Fossetta; and In riva al fiume.
 Chris Tong (Chinese: 童冰玉; pinyin: Tóng Bīngyù; born 14 June 1983) is a Malaysian actress.
 Marc Béziat (born September 12 1975 in Aix en Provence France) is a music composer.Béziat has always been a music enthusiast he began his career as a composer at the age of 28.To assess the competences which he has acquired as a self-educated person he begins in 2005 an education in musical writing and composition in the Polyphonies organization.Thus with a wealth of his new experience he launched himself in 2007 as composer of his first album “Victory of the Spirit” which is followed in 2009 by a second: “Consolation” as well as two singles: The Star of Peace” and “Gloria” respectively in 2009 and 2010.Although he is a young composer Marc Béziat has received many eulogistic comments from professionals who distributed his music.
 Linda McNabb (born 16 August 1963) is a British-born New Zealand children's author who has written several fantasy novels for children and young adults.
 David Andrew Sitek (born September 6 1972) is an American musician guitarist and record producer best known as a member of the band TV on the Radio. He has also worked with bands such as Yeah Yeah Yeahs Liars Foals Celebration Little Dragon and most recently Beady Eye and produced free jazz-influenced remixes of songs by artists such as Beck and Nine Inch Nails and has contributed a solo track to the Red Hot Organization Dark Was the Night charity compilation.
 Atar Arad (Hebrew: אתר ארד; born 8 March 1945) is an Israeli American violist professor of music essayist and composer.
 Shrikrishan Sharma is one the leading musicians of the country. He hails from a family of musicians. He had his initial training in music in the “Guru Shishya Parampara” from his father Gopal Krishan Sharma the foremost Vichitra Veena maestro.He has given numerous public concerts in places such as Delhi Kolkata Gwalior Chennai Jaipur Bhopal Maihar Lucknow Banaras Indore Pune Agra Goa and Shimla.
 Heinrich Gotthold Arnold (1785–1854) was a German artist.
 Jean-Marie Winling (born 1947 in Sète) is a French actor. He performed in more than ninety films since 1972.
 Marjorie Fielding (born 17 February 1892 Gloucester Gloucestershire – d. 28 December 1956 London) was a British stage and film actress.
 Alakbar Taghiyev (Azerbaijani: Ələkbər Tağıyev; 1922 Ganja — 1981 Baku) was Azerbaijani composer and author of popular Azerbaijani songs.
 Astrid Anna Emilia Lindgren (born Ericsson) (Swedish: [ˈastrɪd ˈlɪŋɡreːn] ; 14 November 1907 – 28 January 2002) was a Swedish writer of fiction and screenplays. She is best known for children's book series featuring Pippi Longstocking Karlsson-on-the-Roof and the Six Bullerby Children (Children of Noisy Village in the US). As of May 2013 she is the world's 18th most translated author and has sold roughly 144 million books worldwide.
 Everett M. Rogers (March 6 1931 – October 21 2004) was a communication scholar sociologist writer and teacher. He is best known for originating the diffusion of innovations theory and for introducing the term early adopter.Rogers was born on his family's Pinehurst Farm in Carroll Iowa in 1931.
 Minami Takayama (高山 みなみ Takayama Minami born Izumi Arai (新井 泉 Arai Izumi) May 5 1964 in Adachi Tokyo) is a popular Japanese singer and voice actress. Minami is also a member of the pop group Two-Mix and a part of DoCo when it was active.She is best known for her roles in Kiki's Delivery Service as both Kiki and Ursula Ranma ½ as Nabiki Tendo Moomin as Moomin Yaiba as Yaiba Kurogane Nintama Rantarō as Rantarō Inadera and Detective Conan as Conan Edogawa.
 Dory Maust is an American novelist residing in Pennsylvania. Her debut with Glass Windows in The Benn Mac Series was more than a professional endeavor; it was a window into her longtime struggle with an eating disorder. After the September 11 2001 terrorist attacks Dory decided to tackle controversial issues.
 Eirini “Absinthe Green” Papadopoulou (born August 13 1986 in Athens Greece) is a female singer and bassist.
 Giovanni Battista Viotti (12 May 1755 – 3 March 1824) was an Italian violinist whose virtuosity was famed and whose work as a composer featured a prominent violin and an appealing lyrical tunefulness. He was also a director of French and Italian opera companies in Paris and London.
 Diane Arbus (/diːˈæn ˈɑrbəs/; March 14 1923 – July 26 1971) was an American photographer and writer noted for black-and-white square photographs of deviant and marginal people (dwarfs giants transgender people nudists circus performers) or of people whose normality seems ugly or surreal.
 Paul John (P.J.) Perry Guloien (born 2 December 1941 in Calgary) is a jazz saxophonist from Edmonton Alberta. He has won one Juno award as a solo artist and one for his work with The Rob McConnell Tentet.Perry was born to prominent western Canadian band leader Paul Perry and Margaret Yeo. Early in life they moved around Canada between Medicine Hat Regina Sylvan Lake and Vancouver. He learned to play the clarinet and piano before becoming a saxophonist for his father's band.
 Olli Ollie Tukiainen is a Finnish musician and the guitarist of the rock band Poets of the Fall.
 Ed Krol was the network manager at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications and the former assistant director of Campus Information Technologies and Educational Services (CITES) at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He is also the author of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Internet and The Whole Internet User's Guide and Catalog.
 Yusa is a Cuban singer and songwriter born in the Buena Vista district of Havana Cuba. Her music is recognised worldwide : in 2003 she was nominated at the prestigious BBC Radio 3 World Music Awards in two categories (Best Newcomer and Best of the Americas.)
 Max Weinberg (born April 13 1951) is an American drummer and television personality most widely known as the longtime drummer for Bruce Springsteen's E Street Band and as the bandleader for Conan O'Brien on Late Night with Conan O'Brien and The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien.Weinberg grew up in suburban New Jersey and began drumming at an early age.
 Joan Wolf (born 1951 in Bronx New York) is an American writer of romance novels.Wolf grew up in the Bronx New York. She obtained a Bachelor's degree in Mercy College and Master in English and Comparative Literature in Hunter College.
 Steve James Pemberton (born 1 September 1967) is an English actor comedian writer and performer most famous as a member of The League of Gentlemen along with fellow performers Reece Shearsmith Mark Gatiss and co-writer Jeremy Dyson. Pemberton and Shearsmith also wrote and appeared in the sitcom Psychoville.Pemberton's other television credits include Whitechapel (2009); Doctor Who (2008); Benidorm (2007–present) Blackpool and Shameless.
 Joanna Cotten (born in Memphis Tennessee) is an American country music singer. Cotten's debut single The Prize received a thumbs up from The 9513 reviewer Jim Malec who said that the song hints at greatness. The song peaked at number 60 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. Cotten recorded 21 songs for an unreleased album for Warner Bros. Records. She split from the label in December 2007 after the release of a digital-only extended play. Cotten has continued to record and tour.
 Seedo (also Sidow) (ca. 1700 – ca. 1754) also called Mr Seedo as his forename is unknown was a German composer who worked primarily in England. He was a son of Samuel Peter Sidow a musician employed by the Elector of Brandenburg. By the mid-1720s Seedo was working at the Little Theatre in London's Haymarket. In 1727 he married the singer Maria Manina who had small parts in London’s Italian operas beginning in 1711 probably including Handel's Silla.
 Born in Columbia Louisiana on September 8 1939 Glenn Gore is a renowned wildlife artist and photographer.One of Gore's most noted works include a special series of twenty-nine wildlife scratchboard etchings.Click Here to view an online gallery of Glenn Gore's scratchboard etchings.
 Kimberlie R. Acosta (aka Kimberlie R. Hall) is a well known photographer in Indian Country. She has the most comprehensive collection of Native Musician photography archives available from the past 15 years. She has taken pictures of the likes of Buffy Sainte-Marie Loretta Lynn Jana Tina Turner Joanne Shenandoah and Bill Miller just to name a few. Since 1999 she has been the official photographer for the Native American Music Awards.
 Marc Benno (born on July 1 1947 Dallas Texas) is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist.Benno was a member of The Asylum Choir with Leon Russell in the late 1960s and launched a solo career in the early 1970s with his 1972 effort Ambush being the most commercially successful. He wrote the song Rock 'n Roll Me Again which was recorded by the band The System for the soundtrack to the 1985 film Beverly Hills Cop; this soundtrack won a Grammy Award.
 Alain Jacquet (22 February 1939 – 4 September 2008) was a French artist representative of the American Pop Art movement.
 Jimmy Hsieh (born March 23 1986) is an Asian American designer.
 Chief Stockton (born December 15 1986) is a half Native American–Caucasian producer and recording artist. He originally started off in a four-person hip hop group titled GPD later diverging to a two-person group called Black N Mild; Chief Stockton was the mild of the group. In Black N Mild Chief Stockton was then known as Big Chief.
 Graham McPherson (born 13 January 1961) better known as Suggs is an English singer actor former radio DJ television and radio personality who is best known as the frontman of the band Madness.
 James Lewis Hoberman (born March 14 1948) also known as J. Hoberman is an American film critic. He started at The Village Voice in the 1970s became a full-time staffer in 1983 and was the senior film critic from 1988 to 2012. He is also the author of several books.
 Ion Pillat (March 31 1891 Bucharest – April 17 1945 Bucharest) was a distinguished Romanian poet. He is best known for his volume Pe Argeş în sus (Upstream on the Argeş) and Poeme într-un vers (One-line poems).His maternal grandfather was Ion Brătianu. He studied at the University of Paris from 1910 to 1914 returning to Bucharest after obtaining a law degree.
 Lee Anthony Mavers (born 2 August 1962) is an English musician from Liverpool. Mavers was the songwriter singer and rhythm guitarist in The La's and is perhaps best known for the hit There She Goes in the late 1980s.Mavers who was originally the bassist for the Liverpool group Neuklon circa 1980 to 1984 now lives in the Huyton area of Liverpool with his partner and four children Ellis Ella Asha and Leo. He is a supporter of Everton F.C.
 Nela Hasanbegović (born 21 January 1984) is a Bosnian sculptor. She graduated from the High School of High Arts in Sarajevo in the Department of Sculpting in 2002. She then graduated from the Academy of Fine Arts in Sarajevo in 2007. She is a member of the Association of Visual Artists of Bosnia and Herzegovina from 2007. Since 2011 she is a member of the Association of Culture and Red Arts. She participated in many solo and group exhibitions.
 Air Force Amy is a legal prostitute in Nevada pornographic actress and adult model who appeared in of the HBO television documentary series Cathouse: The Series. MSNBC has called her a living legend in the world of sex.
 Shin Kyeong-nim (Hangul: 신경림) is a South Korean writer who is known as a poet of the people
 InderJit Nikku is a Punjabi singer.
 Billy Joe Royal (born April 3 1942 Valdosta Georgia United States) is an American singer.
 Gabriel Alw (25 December 1889 – 9 November 1946) was a Swedish film actor. He appeared in 37 films between 1915 and 1946.
 Astrid Young (born 16 August 1962) is a Canadian singer/songwriter. She is the daughter of Scott Young and Astrid Mead. After her half-brother and fellow musician Neil Young bought Astrid her first amp in the 1970s she began to explore her own musical talents. After a brief run with 80's Glam metal group Sacred Child she went on to record backup vocals on several albums through most of the 80's and 90's. Her vocals appeared on Neil Young's Unplugged Road Rock Vol.
 Paul C. Nagel (1925 or 1926 – May 22 2011) was a historian and biographer who was best known for his works for general readers on the Adams and Lee political families and who also wrote on the history of his home state of Missouri.
 Emily Gould (Silver Spring Maryland October 13 1981) is an American author. She is the co-owner with Ruth Curry of the indie e-bookstore Emily Books and the former co-editor of Gawker.com.
 Robert Dodson Forward (born March 5 1958) commonly known as Bob Forward is an American writer director and producer. Forward is the production director and president of his independent company Detonation Films. Forward has been the writer of many animated television series as well as a film The Owl based on his novel of the same name.Forward is the son of the late Dr. Robert L. Forward who was an American physicist and science fiction writer.
 Max F Crawford was an American writer. Max Crawford was born in Lubbock Texas and grew up in Floydada Texas. He was influenced by Ernest Hemingway Graham Greene and Malcolm Lowry. His friendships with other writers were a great influence in his life and career as well including Larry McMurtry Wendell Berry Michael Koepf Raymond Carver Chuck Kinder Al Young Diane Smith Bill Kittredge Scott Turow Jon Jackson and James Crumley.
 John Murray Norment (1911–1988) was an American illustrator gag cartoonist magazine editor artist and photographer.Born in Lebanon Tennessee Norment attended the Art Institute of Chicago and the Chicago Academy of Fine Arts in 1933-34 and he exhibited in the Chicago No-Jury Society of Artists annual shows in 1934 1936 1937 1939 and 1940. At the Iannelli Studio in 1935-36 he did textile designs for Montgomery Ward and posters for Carson Pirie.
 Jean Bruno Wladimir François de Paule Le Fèvre d'Ormesson Count of Ormesson (born June 16 1925) is a French novelist whose work mostly consists of partially or totally autobiographic novels.
 Bruce Albert Dale is a former National Geographic photographer who worked for the publication for 30 years until 1994. During his career with National Geographic over 2000 of his images appeared in their publications.
 Eric M. Fowler is an American guitarist singer songwriter composer and producer who is best known as a member of popular musical group Boxing Gandhis. Fowler is a featured musician on many popular recordings by artists such as Sting UB40 Rosanne Cash Taylor Dayne General Public Clint Black Kelly Price and the Boxing Gandhis. He currently resides in Los Angeles California with his wife Colette and 3 children.
 William Williams (4 January 1875 – 13 January 1968) better known by his bardic name of Crwys meaning Cross was a Welsh poet in the Welsh language. He served as Archdruid of the National Eisteddfod of Wales from 1939 to 1947.Like all other Archdruids Crwys had himself won several major prizes at the National Eisteddfod. He was a three-time winner of the crown: at Colwyn Bay in 1910 at Carmarthen in 1911 and at Corwen in 1919.
 Michael Arvaarluk Kusugak (Inuktitut: ᐊᕐᕚᕐᓗᒃ ᑯᓱᒐᖅ); born April 27 1948 in Repulse Bay Nunavut (then the NWT) where he spent much of his childhood. He is a storyteller and a Canadian children's writer who tells stories about Arctic and Inuit culture.Kusugak currently lives in Rankin Inlet and spends his winters in Bowser BC on Vancouver Island. He has also worked as an educational administrator for Nunavut Arctic College.
 Nina Waisman is an American new media artist who works with sculpture sound architecture and performance.
 Giuseppe Tontodonati (February 2 1917—January 6 1989) was an Italian poet.
 Pietro Canonica (March 1 1869 – June 8 1959) was an Italian sculptor painter opera composer professor of arts and senator for life.
 Ferman Akgül (born 25 December 1979; Ankara) is a Turkish songwriter and the singer of the rock band maNga. He writes both lyrics and music.
 Kira Skov (born June 6 1976) is Danish singer. She is best known for being the lead singer of rock band Kira & The Kindred Spirits.
 Ann Radcliffe (9 July 1764 – 7 February 1823) was an English author and a pioneer of the Gothic novel. Her style is romantic in its vivid descriptions of landscapes and long travel scenes yet the Gothic element is obvious through her use of the supernatural. It was her technique of explained Gothicism the final revelation of inexplicable phenomena that helped the Gothic novel achieve respectability in the 1790s.
 Aaron Watson is a Texas country music singer.Watson was born in Amarillo Texas and attended Abilene Christian University where he began learning guitar after playing junior college baseball in New Mexico. He gigged around Texas before releasing his debut album A Texas Cafe; the follow-up Shuttupanddance was a regional sales success. His 2004 album The Honky Tonk Kid was produced by Ray Benson and features an appearance from Willie Nelson.
 Alfred James Andriola (May 24 1912 - March 29 1983) was an American cartoonist best known for the comic strip Kerry Drake for which he won a Reuben Award in 1970. His work sometimes appeared under the pseudonym Alfred James.Andriola was born in New York City and grew up in Rutherford New Jersey. He studied at Cooper Union and Columbia University intending to becoming a writer.
 Arthur Wilson Bob Tucker (November 23 1914 – October 6 2006) was an American theater technician who became well known as a writer of mystery action adventure and science fiction under the name Wilson Tucker.Tucker was also a prominent member of science fiction fandom who wrote extensively for fanzines under the name Bob Tucker a family nickname bestowed in childhood (his own mis-pronunciation of the nickname Bub).
 Isako Washio (鷲尾 いさ子 Washio Isako) is a Japanese actress. She won the award for Best Actress at the 15th Yokohama Film Festival for Bloom in the Moonlight.
 I-f (also Interr-Ference) is the stage name of Ferenc E. van der Sluijs a Dutch producer and DJ based in The Hague. He is a former member of the Dutch techno-pioneers Unit Moebius.
 John Trobaugh (born 1968) in Lansing Michigan is an American artist specializing in photography and based in Birmingham Alabama. Trobaugh received his BFA in 1996 with honors from University of Alabama at Birmingham and went on to study photography at the School of Visual Arts. In 2003 he received his Masters in Fine Art from the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa Alabama.His photography has been published in Art Papers selected as the cover artist.
 Sally Mann is an American photographer best known for her large black-and-white photographs—at first of her young children then later of landscapes suggesting decay and death.
 Regie Hamm is an American singer-songwriter. He has multiple credits as a songwriter producer musician (keys drums vocals) and artist.
 Fabrice Colin (born 6 July 1972 in Paris) is a French author of fantasy science fiction and magic realism. His 2003 novel Dreamericana won the Grand Prix de l'Imaginaire.Colin and his family lived in Boumerdès Algeria from 1976 to 1978.
 Eyþór Ingi Gunnlaugsson (born 29 May 1989) also known as Eythor Ingi is an Icelandic singer who represented Iceland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö Sweden with the song Ég á líf after winning Söngvakeppnin 2013.Eyþór Ingi also performs with his own band Atómskáldin. In 2013 he released his album Eyþór Ingi og Atómskáldin with the band.Starting 2011 he has also become the new lead singer of the Icelandic progressive rock supergroup Todmobile.
 Charlotte Jean Lotta Hedlund (born March 10 1944 as Charlotte Jean Walker) is an African-American singer living in Sweden since the late 1960s.
 Keith Buckley (born 1941) is a British actor who has mostly appeared on television since 1958.Buckley has made some appearances in film and television appearing in The Avengers and Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased) in the 1960s and The New Avengers in the 1970s.
 Jeffrey Craig Jeff Fenholt (born 1951) is an American singer best known for his performance as the title character in the original Broadway theatre adaptation of Jesus Christ Superstar and for his appearance on the cover of Time Magazine. In later years Fenholt would gain notoriety as a Christian evangelist and singer as well as controversy over his involvement with the English heavy metal band Black Sabbath.
 Henri-René Lenormand (May 3 1882 - February 16 1951) was a French playwright. He was born on May 3 1882 in Paris. His plays steeped in symbolism were recognized for their explorations of subconscious motivation deeply reflecting the influence of the theories of Sigmund Freud. He was the son of a composer and was educated at the University of Paris. Lenormand died on February 16 1951 in Paris.
 Sean Theriault is an associate professor in the Department of Government at the University of Texas Austin. He specializes in American politics with particular interests focusing on the U.S. Congress American political development and political history. He is a 2004 winner of the Eyes of Texas Excellence Award.Theriault has published articles on presidential rhetoric congressional careers issue framing the Compromise of 1850 and public approval of Congress.
 Robert Bob Andrew Franklin(1965–present) is a Hillingdon London-born Welsh raised comedian who has lived in Australia since 1989.
 Choi Minho (Hangul: 최민호; Hanja: 崔珉豪; born December 9 1991) is a South Korean idol singer rapper dancer actor model lyricist promotional model MC and radio host. He is a member of South Korean boy group Shinee under the label of SM Entertainment as the main rapper sub-vocalist visual and face.
 Kerry Berry Brogan is an American actress presently based in Beijing China. She has appeared in over 50 films and television series in a wide variety of dramatic comedic starring and supporting roles. A fluent Mandarin speaker who began studying the language in high school Brogan has a bilingual website and a popular Chinese-language blog that logged 840000 hits in just two days before the opening ceremonies of the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
 Kerstin Martha Tidelius (born 14 October 1934) is a Swedish actress.Born in Stockholm she worked mainly on stage with a total of about 20 film and TV appearances. Her most notable performances are Ingrid Löfgren in the long running Swedish TV series Hem till byn and a supporting role as Henrietta Vergérus the bishop's sister in Fanny and Alexander by Ingmar Bergman.She was awarded the Svenska Dagbladets Thaliapris (the Thalia Acting Award) in 1966.
 Ilya Grigorevich Chashnik (1902 Lucyn Russian Empire currently Ludza Latvia - 1929 Leningrad) was a suprematist artist a pupil of Kazimir Malevich and a founding member of the UNOVIS school.
 Jonny McGovern (born July 12 1976) also known by his character name The Gay Pimp is an openly gay American stand-up comedian musician and podcaster. He has recorded three albums as comedic singer The Gay Pimp and is also a cast member of Logo's The Big Gay Sketch Show.
 For the American jazz saxophonist see David Fathead Newman. Fathead (born Vernon Rainford c.1960 – 19 October 1988) was a dancehall deejay best known for his collaborations with Yellowman in the early 1980s.
 Mary L. Kirchoff is an American author of fantasy and young adult novels.
 Leonard Leo Setiawan is mainly known as a former guitarist for progressive metal band Kekal. His main occupation is Civil Engineer and he owns and operates a building development firm in Jakarta Indonesia.
 Marcos Vidal (born December 10 1967) is a Dove Award-nominated Spanish Christian singer/songwriter. In 1997 he won the International Award GMA as the best non-English male vocalist.
 Bill Sprouse Jr. (aka Willy Sprouse Jr. d. 5 September 1975) was a Christian evangelist singer and songwriter and the musical force behind two groups (both called The Road Home) in the early 1970s. Bill recorded several songs for Maranatha! Music and traveled extensively sharing the Gospel through his music. He was severely overweight and died at age 26.
 Pierre Paul Lucien Salvat Etchepare (2 October 1891 – 20 April 1943) was a French actor.Pierre Etchepare was born in Paris and died in Neuilly-sur-Seine Hauts-de-Seine.
 Michelangelo Signorile (/ˌsiːnjəˈrɪlə/; born 19 December 1960) is an American journalist author and talk radio host. His radio program is aired each weekday across the United States and Canada on Sirius XM Radio and globally online. Signorile is editor-at-large for the Gay Voices vertical of The Huffington Post where he writes regularly.
 Roar Adler (4 September 1915 – 25 January 2007) was a Norwegian newspaper manager.Representing the sports club IK Tjalve he was a deputy board member of the Norwegian Athletics Association in 1953. In the 1950s he became a manager in the newspaper Arbeiderbladet. In 1959 he became a board member of Norske Avisers Landsforening since a 1992 merger known as the Norwegian Media Businesses' Association He served as deputy chairman from 1968 to 1970 and chairman from 1970 to 1972.
 Orval William Prophet (31 August 1922 – 4 January 1984) was among the first Canadian country music performers to achieve a career of international scope.
 Hande Kodja is a Belgian actress born on 6 February 1984.
 Kirby Ian Andersen is a visual artist and musician from Toronto. He does painting sculpture and installation work under the name K.I.A. His art shows have been reviewed by RM Vaughan in the The Globe and Mail and Peter Goddard in the Toronto Star. He has exhibited in Canada Japan and the United States.
 George Bugatti (born July 8 1967) is an American singer pianist and songwriter with three CD's in wide release. The first CD Oh What a Night for Love was produced by Tonight show creator Steve Allen. The second CD “Bugatti Live on the Strip” was recorded Live at Bellagio Las Vegas and is on Paul Anka Productions. The third CD “A Night for Romance” was produced by Nigel Wright (Executive Music Producer of American Idol and Warner Bros.
 Nosadella (active c. 1549–1571) was an Italian painter and draftsman active during the Mannerist period mainly in Bologna. He appears to have traveled to Rome.His full name was Giovanni Francesco Bezzi. He was a pupil of Pellegrino Tibaldi.
 Christopher Houlihan (born October 6 1987) is an American concert organist noted for his clarity flexibility of rhythm and technical achievement. His Vierne 2012 tour in which he performed Louis Vierne's complete organ symphonies in six cities across North America was met with high critical acclaim.
 Emi Hinouchi (日之内エミ Hinouchi Emi; born September 7 1982 as 日之内絵美) is a Japanese urban music singer-songwriter. She was formerly signed under King Records' sub-label Venus-B and Taku Takahashi's Tachytelic Records. She is best known for writing songs for Heartsdales and for her collaborations with M-Flo.As of 2011 Hinouchi has released twelve singles three studio length albums and collaborated with numerous artists.
 Gilad Karni (Hebrew: גלעד קרני‎) is an Israeli violist who has played in the New York Philharmonic and is currently principal viola in the Tonhalle Orchestra Zurich as well as a soloist and player in chamber ensembles. A founder member of the Huberman Quartet with which he made his debut at Carnegie Hall he has since appeared there with the Guarneri Quartet.Violist Gilad Karni has been praised for his tone and interpretation throughout the world.
 Alladiya Khan (Hindi: अल्लादिया ख़ान) (1855–1946) was an Indian classical singer known as Gaan Samraat (Emperor of Music). Khan founded the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana rooted in Dagar Bani. He is also recognized for his revival and creations of many rare ragas.
 Andy Moor (born 1962) is an experimental musician best known as the guitarist of the UK band Dog Faced Hermans and the Dutch punk collective The Ex. He was also a founding member of Kletka Red and along with Isabelle Vigier and Yannis Kyriakides created the experimental music label Unsounds.Moor was born in London England.
 Nwe Yin Win (Burmese: နွဲ့ယဉ်ဝင်း pronounced: [nwɛ̰ jɪ̀ɴ wɪ́ɴ]; born Joyce Win on 23 April 1945) is a Burmese singer considered one of the pioneers of modern Burmese pop music. Nwe Yin Win was born in Sagaing to parents a Bamar father Min Swe (also known as Win Maung) and an Anglo-Burmese mother Cathy Tin Tin Hla. She attended the English-speaking St. Francis Girls' School (today's Tamwe 4 High School) and St. Philomena's Convent High School (Sanchaung 2 High School).
 George Bryan (fl. 1586 – 1613) was an actor in English Renaissance theatre a member of the Lord Chamberlain's Men with William Shakespeare and Richard Burbage.Bryan enters the historical record as one of a quintet of English actors who toured Denmark and Saxony in the years 1586 and 1587. He was in the Admiral's Men/Lord Strange's Men production of The Seven Deadly Sins c. 1591 with Augustine Phillips and William Sly and other future Lord Chamberlain's Men.
 Yoshinori Okada (岡田 義徳) (born 19 March 1977 in Ōno Gifu) is a Japanese actor. He has starred several TV series such as Atsuhime (2008) and Nobuta. O Produce (2005) as well as movies such as Densha otoko (2005). He is a high school graduate and does not have a college degree. He won the award for best supporting actor at the 31st Yokohama Film Festival for Nonchan Noriben.
 Pamela Palmater (born 1970) is a Mi'kmaq lawyer professor activist and politician from Mi'kma'ki New Brunswick Canada. A frequent media political commentator she appears for Aboriginal Peoples Television Network's InFocus CTV and CBC. She is an associate professor and the academic director of the Centre for Indigenous Governance at Ryerson University.
 Jen Chia-Hsüan more commonly credited as Selina is a member of the Taiwanese girl group S.H.E. She was born in Taipei Taiwan with ancestry in Dachuan District Sichuan China. On June 11 2004 she graduated from the National Taiwan Normal University with a Bachelor of Education degree majoring in Civic Education and Leadership. In September 2006 Selina released her first book Selina Loves Beading (愛的小珠珠) which taught readers how to use beads to make designs.
 Eamon Delaney (born 14 July 1962) is an Irish author journalist and former diplomat.Delaney was a student in University College Dublin (UCD). He was Auditor of the Literary and Historical Society from 1985 to 1986. On leaving college he became an Irish diplomat. Having left the Irish diplomatic corps he became a full-time author. His first novel was The Casting of Mr. O'Shaughnessy.
 Ed Bullins (born July 2 1935 in Philadelphia Pennsylvania) is an African-American playwright. He was also the Minister of Culture for the Black Panthers. In addition he has won numerous awards including the New York Drama Critics' Circle Award and several Obie Awards. He is one of the best known playwrights to come from the Black Arts Movement.
 Jo Elizabeth Stafford (November 12 1917 – July 16 2008) was an American traditional pop music singer and occasional actress whose career spanned five decades from the late 1930s to the early 1980s. Admired for the purity of her voice she originally underwent classical training to become an opera singer before following a career in popular music and by 1955 had achieved more worldwide record sales than any other female artist.
 Ivan Rabuzin (27 March 1921 – 18 December 2008) was a Croatian naïve artist. Rabuzin's father was a miner and Ivan was the sixth of his eleven children. Ivan worked as a carpenter for many years and did not begin painting until 1956 when he was thirty-five years old. He had little formal training as an artist but his first exhibition of paintings proved successful and he changed careers becoming a professional painter in 1962.Rabuzin's paintings included Avenue and My Homeland.
 Sir Francis Bernard Dicksee PRA KCVO (London 27 November 1853 – 17 October 1928) was an English Victorian painter and illustrator best known for his pictures of dramatic literary historical and legendary scenes. He also was a noted painter of portraits of fashionable women which helped to bring him success in his own time.
 Kesava Kiran (born 16 February 1989 in Hyderabad India) is an Indian music director and composer. He made his full fledged music direction debut in the Telugu film Mooga Manasulu in 2013.
 Marcel Everett (born October 31 1995) better known as XXYYXX is an electronic musician and producer from Orlando Florida signed to Relief in Abstract. He is most notable for gaining prominence within the indie music culture despite his young age and experimental lo-fi music which he made in his bedroom with FL Studio and software from Ableton.Everett himself described his music as Doing drugs on a freeway...underwater in an interview with Relief in Abstract.
 Naum Veqilharxhi born Naum Bredhi (1797-1854) was an Albanian lawyer and scholar. In 1844 he created a unique alphabet for the Albanian language using characters he had created himself the Vithkuqi script. Veqilharxhi is one of most prominent figures of the early Albanian National Awakening.
 Terry Kirkman (born December 12 1939) is a musician and writer of the hit songs Cherish Everything That Touches You and Six Man Band.
 Andrew Michael Dasburg (4 May 1887 – 13 August 1979) was an American modernist painter and one of America's leading early exponents of cubism.
 Sharon Byatt is a British actress born in Liverpool who played Irenee in Carla Lane's Bread. She has also appeared in such programmes as Mersey Beat Holby City Springhill (TV series) and Dream Team.
 Martine Broda (1947–2009) was a French writer poet and translator.
 Ron Cowen is a writer and producer. He is a partner with Daniel Lipman in the television production company Cowlip Productions.
 John Lee Clayton Jr. (born August 20 1952) is an American jazz and classical double bassist.
 Abuzar Abdulhakimovich Aydamirov Russian: Абузар Абдулхакимович Айдамиров (29 October 1933 — 27 May 2005) was a Chechen novelist and poet author of a historical trilogy dedicated to Caucasian Wars (Long Nights; A Lightning in Mountains; A Tempest) and of the Anthem of the Chechen Republic of Ichkeria.
 David Wojnarowicz (/ˌvɔɪnəˈroʊvɪtʃ/;(September 14 1954 – July 22 1992) was a painter photographer writer filmmaker performance artist and AIDS activist prominent in the New York City art world .
 Rodolfo Nieto Labastida (b. Oaxaca July 13 1936 - d. Mexico City June 24 1985) was a Mexican painter of the Oaxacan School (apprenticed under Diego Rivera later served him as an assistant).
 Chie Tozuka (戸塚 千絵 Totsuka Chie born December 16 1965 in Tokyo) better known by the stage name Inuko Inuyama (犬山 イヌコ (formerly 犬山 犬子) Inuyama Inuko) is a Japanese voice actress who voices Nyasu in the original Japanese anime version of Pocket Monsters. She voices Manta Oyamada in Shaman King and Kurumizawa in Tokyo Godfathers.
 Eugeniusz Rudnik (born 28 October 1932 in Nadkole upon Liwiec) – modern Polish composerelectronics engineer and sound engineer. Pioneer of electronic and electro-acoustic music in Poland.
 Owen Campbell Bolwell is a Melbourne musician best known for being a member of the alternative rock band Tlot Tlot.
 Kano is the pseudonym of a Spanish comic book artist whose real name is Jose Angel Cano Lopez.
 Louis Leonard Hasley (November 3 1906 – May 1986) was an American writer poet essayist editor and critic. He was also a professor of English at the University of Notre Dame from 1931 to 1973. He was married to the writer Lucile Hasley.
 Gunnar Bull Gundersen (5 April 1929 - 7 November 1993) was a Norwegian sailor novelist playwright and lyricist.Gunnar Bull Gundersen was born in Stavanger in Rogaland Norway. Gundersen grew up with changing foster parents and at different boarding schools. He referred to his young years as a very itinerant childhood and said he had visited 10 schools and been expelled from three of them. Shortly after World War II he went to sea.
 Ryan Sook is an American comic book artist known for his work on books such as Seven Soldiers: Zatanna X-Factor and The Spectre. His style has been compared to that of Mike Mignola Adam Hughes and Kevin Nowlan.
 June Richmond (born July 9 1915 in Chicago Illinois; died August 14 1962 in Gothenburg Sweden) was an American jazz singer and actor.June Richmond is considered the first African-American jazz singer who sang regularly in a white band when she appeared in 1938 Jimmy Dorsey's Orchestra. She previously worked at Les Hite in California and after her time at Dorsey she joined Cab Calloway (1938) and then worked from 1939 to 1942 in Andy Kirk's orchestra.
 Minami Kuribayashi (栗林 みな実 Kuribayashi Minami born June 11 1976) is a Japanese singer-songwriter and voice actress from Shizuoka prefecture.Her involvement in the game and anime Kimi ga Nozomu Eien where she voiced the role of one of the characters Haruka Suzumiya and performed and penned the theme songs and other songs relating to the series has brought her much attention.
 Pietro Longhi (1702 or November 5 1701 – May 8 1785) was a Venetian painter of contemporary scenes of life.
 Cristian Marchi (born March 31 1976) is an Italian progressive house electro house and house producer and DJ.
 York is a German electronica music duo founded in 1997 by musicians and brothers Torsten and Jörg Stenzel. Producing ambient downtempo chillout house and trance their productions are known for catchy guitar hooks atmospheric soundscapes and delicate dance textures.
 Mario Testino OBE (was born on October 30 1954) is a Peruvian fashion photographer. His work has been featured in magazines such as Vogue and Vanity Fair. His career highpoint came when he was chosen by Diana Princess of Wales for her Vanity Fair photoshoot in 1997. Testino has been regularly employed by the British royal family ever since.Aaron Hicklin of The Observer described him as the world's most prolific magazine and fashion trade photographer.
 Seth Horan is an American bassist/singer-songwriter from Buffalo New York who started a successful solo career after stints with Darwin's Waiting Room and Vertical Horizon. His songwriting showcases both his voice and his unique playing style which combines fingerpicking slapping tapping strumming and use of harmonics as solo accompaniment for his singing. He currently resides in Syracuse New York.
 Todd Barry (born March 26 1964) is an American stand-up comedian actor and voice actor.
 Rusty Santos (born August 14 1979) is a Record producer and Singer-songwriter based in New York City. He is known for producing recording mixing and/or mastering records like Animal Collective’s Sung Tongs and the reissue of Danse Manatee Panda Bear’s Young Prayer and Person Pitch Born Ruffians’ Red Yellow & Blue White Magic’s Day Twilight Night EP Dent May's The Good Feeling Music of Dent May & His Magnificent Ukulele and many more.
 John Barry Mason (known professionally as Barry Mason) (born 12 July 1935) is an English songwriter originally from the village of Coppull near Chorley in Lancashire. A leading songwriter of the 1960s he wrote the bulk of his most successful songs in partnership with Les Reed. Mason gained many gold and platinum awards for his work including five Ivor Novello Awards the most recent of them in 1998.
 Hayden James Richard Powell (born 25 September 1983 in England) is a jazz musician (trumpet) and composer based in Oslo Norway. Powell is English but moved to Norway as a child and grew up in Molde. He has collaborated with numerous musicians including Terje Rypdal Kenny Wheeler Eirik Hegdal Vigleik Storaas Nils-Olav Johansen Ole Morten Vågan Eyolf Dale and Ståle Storløkken and released his debut solo album The Attic in 2011.
 Guy Adams (born 6 January 1976) is an English author comedian and actor possibly best known for the novel The World House. He has also written a BBC Books Torchwood novel The House That Jack Built.
 H.A. Der-Hovagimian (sometimes spelled Ter-Hovakimyan (Traditional Armenian: Յարութիւն Տեր-Յովակիմեան Eastern Armenian: Հարություն Տեր-Հովակիմյան)) born in Toronto Ontario is a Canadian-Armenian music composer songwriter and producer.He signed his first recording contract with the newly found Hi-Bias Records imprint at the age of 17. For the following 15 years he was mainly credited under the adopted pseudonym Mark Ryan.For years his main focus was his Temperance project.
 Hans Haacke (born August 12 1936) is a German-American artist who lives and works in New York.
 John Lawrence Gihon (April 21 1839 – September 18 1878) was a Philadelphia photographer best known for establishing the Philadelphia Sketch Club documenting the American Civil War and producing one of the earliest baseball cards. He was a featured photographer at the 1876 Centennial Exhibition contributing to the Philadelphia Photographer magazine and author of the Photographic Colorists' Guide published in 1878.
 Hassan Zirek or Hesen Zîrek (1921–1972) was a celebrated Kurdish singer from Bukan known for his recordings of classical Kurdish folk songs. He was famous for his classical and sensual lyrics and it's believed that he composed over thousand songs in his lifetime.
 Jack Hylton (2 July 1892 – 29 January 1965) was an English band leader and impresario who rose to prominence during the British dance band era.
 Eric Lindell (born 1969 San Mateo California United States) is an American singer-songwriter who came to national prominence after relocating to New Orleans in 1999. His recording career began in 1996 as a local/regional New Orleans-based artist. Beginning in 2006 when he was picked up by Alligator Records he has toured nationally and internationally.
 Ivan Matias is an American singer songwriter producer arranger hip hop ghostwriter and entrepreneur from Brooklyn NY.
 Ben Lai is a comic book penciler who worked on series such as Sigil Radix Thor and X-Men. His brother Ray Lai often inks his work.In 2002 the Lai brothers were involved in a controversy when the Massachusetts Institute of Technology used an image from Radix #1 in a $50 million grant proposal for the development of battlefield armor for the United States military.
 Krafty Kuts (real name Martin Reeves) is an English electronic music dance music and breakbeat producer and DJ.His first album Freakshow was released in 2006 on his Against The Grain label and contains guest artists Tim Deluxe and Ashley Slater from the UK band Freak Power.
 Farhan Saeed Butt (Urdu: فرحان سعید بٹ) is a former lead vocalist of the Pakistani band Jal (band) and owner of restaurant Cafe Rock. He was born on September 14 1984 . He speaks Urdu Punjabi and English.
 Antoinette Marie Wright (born February 7 1968) better known by her stage name Free is an American media personality television producer and philanthropist. She rose to fame as the first host of BET's 106 & Park. She was later a disc jockey at KKBT 100.3 The Beat in Los Angeles and is the former co-host of the Ed Lover Morning Show on Power 105.1 in New York City.
 Gour Das Bysack (sometimes parts of his name have been transliterated as Gaur Dass Dos Bysac) was a Bengali writer prominent in the late 19th century. He was known for his friendship with Michael Madhusudan Dutta.
 Bounty Killer (born Rodney Basil Price; 12 June 1972; Kingston Jamaica) is a Jamaican reggae and dancehall deejay. He is the founder of a dancehall collective known as The Alliance with deejay Mavado.
 Archibald Henderson (July 17 1877 – December 6 1963) was an American professor of mathematics who wrote on a variety of subjects including drama and history. He was born at Salisbury N. C. was educated at the University of North Carolina (A.B. 1898; Ph.D. 1902) and studied more at Chicago Cambridge and Berlin universities and at the Sorbonne (Paris). After 1899 he taught at the University of North Carolina becoming professor of pure mathematics in 1908.
 Yaacov Ben-Dov (21 June 1882– 7 March 1968) photographer and a pioneer of Jewish Cinematography in Palestine. Recognized as the pioneer of Israeli film.
 Yang Maolin (traditional Chinese: 楊茂林 pinyin: Yang Mao-lin) is a noted contemporary Taiwanese artist.Born in 1953 in Changhua Taiwan Yang studied painting at the Chinese Culture University in Taipei. He co-founded several artists groups linked to the Transavantgarde movement in Taiwan: 101 and the Taipei Group in the 1980s and Hantooshe in the late 1990s.
 Michael Chabon (/ˈʃeɪbɒn/ SHAY-bon;born May 24 1963) is an American author and one of the most celebrated writers of his generation according to The Virginia Quarterly Review.Chabon's first novel The Mysteries of Pittsburgh (1988) was published when he was 25 and catapulted him to literary celebrity. He followed it with a second novel Wonder Boys (1995) and two short-story collections.
 Irene Osgood Mrs. John Andrews (b. January 18 1879 in Big Rapids Michigan) was an American writer on problems of women in industry. Born in Big Rapids Michigan the daughter of Lucius L. Osgood and Mary Markley she was educated at the School of Philanthropy in New York and at the University of Wisconsin–Madison graduating with an A.B.
 Frederic Hudson is an established writer and thinker in the area of work-life balance (or life-work) and retirement. He is founder of The Hudson Institute of Santa Barbara.Hudson is a Rockefeller and Danforth fellow and received a doctorate from Columbia University New York. In 1973 he was founding president of the Fielding Institute. He left in 1986 to found The Hudson Institute of Santa Barbara which trains professionals in individual and organizational coaching.Dr.
 Bert William Sommer (February 7 1949 – July 23 1990) was an American folk singer songwriter and actor. He wrote We're All Playing In The Same Band at and about Woodstock and his recording peaked at #48 on the Billboard Hot 100 on 12 September 1970. He was briefly a member of baroque-pop group The Left Banke co-writing and singing lead on the Ivy Ivy/And Suddenly single in 1967.
 Sandra Cisneros (born December 20 1954) is an American writer best known for her acclaimed first novel The House on Mango Street (1984) and her subsequent short story collection Woman Hollering Creek and Other Stories (1991). Her work experiments with literary forms and investigates emerging subject positions which Cisneros herself attributes to growing up in a context of cultural hybridity and economic inequality that endowed her with unique stories to tell.
 Norma Jean Beasler (b. January 30 1938) better known as Norma Jean is an American country music singer who was a member of The Porter Wagoner Show from 1961–1967. She had 13 country singles in Billboard's Country Top 40 between 1963 and 1968 recorded twenty albums for RCA Victor between 1964 and 1973 received two Grammy nominations and was a Grand Ole Opry member for a number of years.
 gnac is a pseudonym used by songwriter and music producer Mark Tranmer. The name is derived from a short story by Italo Calvino in Marcovaldo entitled Luna e GNAC (or moon and gnac).Tranmer's music has been described as imaginary film soundtracks with comparisons made to Michael Nyman Ennio Morricone and Michel Legrand.
 Dayve Hawk (born in New Jersey) better known by his stage name Memory Tapes is an American singer-songwriter and record producer and the former frontman of the Philadelphia-based band Hail Social.
 Robert Leroy Johnson (May 8 1911 – August 16 1938) was an American blues singer and musician. His landmark recordings in 1936 and 1937 display a combination of singing guitar skills and songwriting talent that has influenced later generations of musicians. Johnson's shadowy poorly documented life and death at age 27 have given rise to much legend including the Faustian myth that he sold his soul at a crossroads to achieve success.
 Herb Scharfman (August 24 1912 – February 21 1998) was an American photographer notable for several famous photographs of American sports people published by Sports Illustrated and other publications.Scharfman a native of Chicago began his career in New York as a stringer for International News Photo. His picture of Rocky Marciano's knockout punch in a 1952 bout against Jersey Joe Walcott is widely considered to be one of the most iconic photographs in the history of photojournalism.
 Aisha Diori (born Sept 8 in Lagos Nigeria) is a community mobilizer HIV/AIDS preventionist educator performer and named legendary mother in Ball culture. Her father is the late Abdoulaye Hamani Diori a Nigerien political leader and businessman and her mother is Betty Graves. Diori holds a Bachelor of Arts in Advertising & Marketing Communications from Fashion Institute of Technology where she graduated Magna Cum Laude.
 Mark Wilkerson (born September 6 1976) is the lead singer and guitarist for rock band Course of Nature.Wilkerson co-wrote the song It's Not Over which was released as a single and as the opening track on the eponymous album by Daughtry.
 Librado Net Pérez was a Puerto Rican musician educator and painter.
 Charles Simmons (born 1924) is an American editor and novelist. His first novel Powdered Eggs (1964) was awarded the William Faulkner Foundation Award (1965) for a notable first novel. Later works include Salt Water (1998) The Belles Lettres Papers and Wrinkles and co-author together with Alexander Coleman of All There Is To Know - Readings From The Illustrious Eleventh Edition Of The Encyclopaedia BritannicaHe was formerly an editor of the The New York Times Book Review.
 Ellen Tanner Marsh is an author from Charleston South Carolina.Marsh has written eleven novels three of which - Reap the Savage Wind Wrap Me in Splendor and Sable - were listed on the New York Times paperback bestseller list.[citation needed]Marsh has a working relationship with BookSurge.com a vanity press owned by Amazon.com.
 Laura Madalene Solon (born April 1979) is an English comedian actress writer and winner of the 2005 Perrier Comedy Award only the second woman to win as a solo performer (the first being Jenny Eclair in 1995).
 Miao Pu (born 22 February 1977) is a Chinese actress.
 Ed Giecek is an American watercolorist and collage artist of the Pacific Northwest. His style is fine art landscape. His work is displayed in the Frye Art Museum in Seattle Washington. He is a signature member and the webmaster for the Pennsylvania Watercolor Society.
 Arthur Higelin (born Paris France 27 March 1966) better known under his stage name Arthur H [aʁtyʁ ɑːʃ] is a pianist songwriter and singer. He is best known in France for his live performances – four of his albums were recorded live – and remains relatively little-known in the English-speaking world.
 Joan Eardley (18 May 1921 – 16 August 1963) was a British artist.Joan Kathleen Harding Eardley was born in Warnham Sussex England where her parents were dairy farmers. Her mother Irene Morrison was Scottish. Joan had a sister Patricia born in 1922 died 2013. Their father suffered a mental breakdown during the girls' early childhood having been wounded in a gas attack during World War I; when Joan was nine he committed suicide.
 Tim Alek Mulley more commonly known by the stage name Tim Alek is an American record producer recording artist and drummer known for his driving ethereal percussion. Mulley is best known for his work as the drummer for post-punk band The Static Age. Prior to that he was a recording and touring member for high school band Linus (1998) Albany-area band Eros Amore (2002) and most notably New Jersey alternative rock band New Atlantic (2004) with whom he appeared on the Vans Warped Tour.
 Prince Munenaga (宗良 親王 Munenaga Shinnō 1311-85?) an imperial prince (the eighth son of Emperor Godaigo) and a poet of the Nijō poetic school of Nanboku-chō period mostly known for his compilation of the Shin'yō Wakashū.Prince Munenaga led a turbulent life which quite likely served as an impetus for his poetic sensibility.
 Michael Mike W. Royer (born 1941 Lebanon Oregon; is an comic book artist and inker best known for his work with pencilers Russ Manning and Jack Kirby. In later life Royer became a freelance product designer and character artist for The Walt Disney Company.
 Amanda Louisa Kretz Lameche known professionally as Amanda (born March 24 1985 in French Alps France) is a French-born Swedish pop singer who started getting involved in music after her family settled in Täby Sweden. She was discovered at the age of 10 by the wife of Anders Bagge who became one of her songwriters.
 Francesco Lotoro is an Italian pianist and musicologist.
 Tommie Lee Guthrie (December 27 1937 - June 14 2013) known professionally as Tom Tall was an American rockabilly singer popular in the 1950s. He was born in Amarillo Texas and discovered at a talent show by record label owner Fabor Robison. He often sang duets with Ginny Wright and later recorded for Crest and Decca Records where he met Eddie Cochran a session musician for the label.In the 1960s he was on the Chart label and had a comeback hit with Wright.
 Ilario Casolano (1588 – 14 May 1661) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.He was called Cristofano Casolano by Giovanni Baglione. He was like his father Alessandro Casolano was a pupil of Cavalière Cristoforo Roncalli. He assisted his father in some of his frescoes and after his death finished the fresco of the Assumption of the Virgin. He painted several pictures for the churches in Rome.
 Erik Balke (born 7 November 1953 in Oslo Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (saxophone) known as leader of the Lille Frøen Saksofonkvartett with Vidar Johansen Arne Frang and Odd Riisnæs/Tore Brunborg/Olav Dale as member of his younger brother Jon Balke's early orchestras and for cooperations with Don Cherry Ed Blackwell Per Jørgensen Audun Kleive Nils Petter Molvær Torbjørn Sunde Tore Brunborg Paolo Vinaccia and Bugge Wesseltoft.
 Glenn Keith Bidmead (born 3 February 1962) is a Sydney-based singer songwriter guitarist performer and producer. With songwriting partner Steve Glover he was a founding member of Australian rock band LemonJuice which enjoyed several years of success in Japan and South Korea.
 Boy Lornsen (7 August 1922 - 26 July 1995) was a German sculptor and author of children's literature writing both in Standard German and in Platt.Lornsen served as pilot and radio operator in the German Luftwaffe during World War II. After the war he was educated as a sculptor at Hanover. He worked as a sculptor into the 1960s.In 1967 he published his first children's book about a boy who helps a robot with his homework. The book was a success and was adapted for television in 1972.
 Jazeps Grosvalds (Latvian: Jāzeps Grosvalds) (April 24 1891 – February 1 1920) was a Latvian painter from Riga. He is now regarded as one of Latvia's finest painters and has several works on display in the Latvian National Museum of Art. His style is a combination of European Modernism and Abstract with a distinctly Latvian influence. A student of Simon Hollósy's school in Munich Grosvalds went to Paris in 1910 where he studied at several private academies until 1914.
 Ronald Rummell Coleman (born August 19 1973) better known for his stage name OG RON C is an American record producer radio personality DJ and entertainment and management company executive. He is the owner of the Houston-based urban music online radio station ChopNotSlop Radio former DJ for Chamillionaire and current show DJ for the Southern rapper Slim Thug.
 Robert Marasco (September 22 1936 – December 6 1998) was an American horror writer best known for the 1970 Broadway play Child's Play.Child's Play debuted at the Royale Theater in New York on February 17. Starring Pat Hingle the play dealt with demonic doings at a Catholic boys' school.
 Wes Hampton (born December 8 1977) is the 2nd tenor for The Gaither Vocal Band. He joined the group following the departure of David Phelps in 2005. Wes sang 1st tenor for the group from 2005 to 2009 and he now sings with the current formation consisting of Bill Gaither (bass) Adam Crabb (lead) Todd Suttles (baritone) Phelps (1st tenor) and Hampton (2nd tenor). He also performs solo concerts.
 Sonny T. (born Sonny Thompson) is an American bass player. He was a member of The New Power Generation Prince's recording and stage band from 1991–1996.In 2010 Sonny T. became a member of Nick Jonas and the Administration (a project created Nick Jonas of the Jonas Brothers) along with other former members of The New Power Generation drummer Michael Bland and keyboardist Tommy Barbarella as well as bassist and producer John Fields who was also the producer of the Jonas Brothers music.
 Cameron Pierce (born May 23 1988 Bakersfield California United States) is an American author of bizarro fiction currently residing in Portland Oregon. The Bizarro Starter Kit (Purple) described his work as Surreal nightmares that are funny sad sincere and violent. His work has been praised by Troma founder Lloyd Kaufman Piers Anthony The Guardian Cracked.com Details Magazine New Times and SF Site.
 Frank Joseph Bello (born July 9 1965) is an Italian American musician who plays bass guitar for the thrash metal band Anthrax.
 Brenton Wood (born Alfred Jesse Smith July 26 1941 Shreveport Louisiana) is an American singer and songwriter known for his two 1967 hit singles The Oogum Boogum Song and Gimme Little Sign.
 Charles Wilson born in 1940 is a Scottish journalist and newspaper executive.Charlie Wilson was Managing Director of Mirror Group plc from 1992 to 1998 having been Editorial Director of Mirror Group Newspapers from 1991 to 1992.
 James Kenneth J.K. Ralston (March 31 1896 – November 26 1987) was an American painter of the Old American West whose primary topics were the American West and images of cowboys and American Indians. He also did commercial artwork.
 Clare Teal (born 14 May 1973 Kildwick Yorkshire) is an English jazz singer who has become famous not only for her singing but also for having signed the biggest ever recording contract by a British jazz singer.
 Thilo Hermann (born September 19 1964 in Mühlhausen Germany) is a heavy metal guitarist and songwriter who recently worked with Grave Digger.
 British artist Callaghan (full name Georgina Callaghan) is a singer-songwriter who specializes in pop Americana and alternative country music. She performs under the name Callaghan. She is best known for her 2012 album Life in Full Colour produced by Grammy-nominated US artist Shawn Mullins.
 Marcia Aitken (born c. 1962 Hannah Town West Kingston Jamaica) is a reggae singer best known for her recordings in the late 1970s produced by Joe Gibbs along with Errol Thompson.
 María de Jesús Vásquez Vásquez (December 20 1920 – April 3 2010) known by the pseudonym La Reina y Señora de la Canción Criolla was a virtuoso Peruvian singer.She was daughter of Pedro Vásquez Chávez and María Jesús Vásquez Vásquez. Her particular singing style captivated listeners as his intensity had the feel of Peruvian creole taste.Jesús Vásquez died in Maison de Sante Lima. Peruvian President Alan García declared one day of national mourning.
 Gabriel Contino (born March 4 1974) better known as Gabriel o Pensador (Portuguese for Gabriel the Thinker) is a Brazilian rapper writer and composer known for his intellectual lyrics which talk of activism and issues of race politics social problems and the Catholic church. Gabriel began his music career when he launched a demo tape containing the song Tô Feliz (Matei o Presidente) I'm Happy (I killed the President) landing him a contract with Sony Music.
 Timothy Taylor (born 1960) is a British based archaeologist specialising in prehistory and archaeological theory.Taylor is currently Professor of the Prehistory of Humanity at the University of Vienna (Austria) and is editor-in-chief of the Journal of World Prehistory. Until 2012 he was a senior lecturer in archaeology at the University of Bradford (UK).Taylor's academic work began studying ornamental metalwork of the Balkans and western Asia.
 Lynda Jean Barry (born January 2 1956) is an American cartoonist and author. Barry is best known for her weekly comic strip Ernie Pook's Comeek. She garnered attention with her 1988 illustrated novel The Good Times are Killing Me about an interracial friendship between two young girls which was made into a play. Her second illustrated novel Cruddy appeared in 1999. Three years later she published One! Hundred! Demons! a graphic novel she terms Autobiofictionalography.
 Bobby Hammack (né Robert Vernor Hammack Jr.; 22 January 1922 Brookston Texas – 28 March 1990 Riverside California) was an American musician originally from Texas whose principal instrument was jazz piano. He led a prolific career in Los Angeles as a pianist organist conductor arranger and composer in (i) live venues (ii) broadcast studios for radio and television and (iii) recording studios for records radio television and film.
 Neville John Noddy Holder MBE (born 15 June 1946) is an English musician and actor. He was the lead vocalist and guitarist with the rock band Slade.Holder co-wrote most of Slade's material with bassist occasional keyboard player and violinist Jim Lea. Holder has been praised for his distinctive vocal style.
 Eileen Essell (born 8 October 1922) is an English actress noted in part for the age at which she began her screen acting career.Although she acted on the stage for 13 years in the 1940s and 50s her first screen performance was in her late 70s in an episode of Doctors. She has since appeared in many other TV programmes including The Bill Doc Martin Holby City Hustle Casualty Ideal and Sensitive Skin.
 Thom Bresh (born February 23 1948 in Southern California USA)is a country music singer. He is the biological son of Merle Travis.Bresh did not begin his music career until his adult years. From age 3 to age 17 he worked as an actor and stuntman at Corriganville where such programs as The Lone Ranger and the Billy the Kidd trilogy were filmed.
 Craig Sharpe (born September 23 1989 in Carbonear) is a Canadian pop singer who was the runner-up on Canadian Idol 4 having finished a close second behind winner Eva Avila. He came through seven rounds of auditions judged by Canadian Idol's four-member panel.
 Thomas John Peterson (born 9 May 1950) better known as Tom Petersson is an American musician best known as the bassist and sometime guitarist for the rock band Cheap Trick.
 Dillard Chandler (April 16 1907 – January 1992) was an American Appalachian Folk singer from Madison County North Carolina. His a cappella performances on compilation albums were recorded by folklorist and musicologist John Cohen.
 Steve Bell (born November 17 1960) is a Canadian singer-songwriter and guitarist based in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. He is among the best-known Christian musicians in Canada and is an accomplished songwriter and record producer. Bell has an extensive catalogue of songs including Deep Calls to Deep Eventide and Fresh and Green. Before embarking on his solo career he was a long-time member of the group Elias Schritt and Bell.
 Giuseppe Perracini (Mirandola 1672 - Bologna 1754) was an Italian painter.
 Chuck McKenzie is an Australian writer of speculative fiction.
 John Hewer (13 January 1922 – 16 March 2008) was an English actor.
 Giovanni Battista Colomba (born 1638) was an Italian painter and architect of the Baroque period. He was born in Arogno in the Ticino and was active there including in the monastery of San Floriano. He died poor in the service of the King of Poland. He was the uncle of Giovanni Battista Innocenzo Colombo.
 Alan Ko also known as Alan Kuo is a Taiwanese singer and actor.
 Javad Alizadeh (Persian: جواد علیزاده ‎ Javād Alīzādeh Persian pronunciation: [dʒævɒːd(-e) æliːˈzɒːde]; professional name: Javad; born 9 January 1953) is an Iranian professional cartoonist best known for his caricatures of politicians comic actors footballers and for his scientific/philosophical column (including cartoons caricatures and satire) titled 4D Humor which has won awards from Italy China and Japan.
 Robertson K. Mygatt or 'R.K.' (1861–1919) was an American landscape painter and etcher working at the turn of the 20th century. He is often associated with the Tonalist movement which was being experimented with in painting during most of his active years having emerged as a movement in the 1880s that continued through about 1915. R. K.
 Li Yuchun (Chinese: 李宇春; pinyin: Lǐ Yǔchūn) also known as Chris Lee is a Chinese pop singer and actress who achieved fame when she won the nationwide singing contest Super Girl in 2005. She was working with Taihe Rye Music and released her albums: The Queen and the Dream (September 2006) Mine (November 2007) Youth of China (May 2008) Li Yuchun 2009) Dancing Young Literati (April 2011) Old If Not Wild (September 2012) . She made her film debut in Bodyguards and Assassins (2009).
 Beans El-Balawi (born 11 July 1997) is an English actor and chorister. He began acting in 2004 with roles in Seed of Chucky and The Happiness Thief Half Light (2006) and 28 Weeks Later (2007). In 2008 Belawi played Michael Banks in the Cameron Mackintosh's production of Mary Poppins for one year in the west end.
 Kenneth Alan James Hawker (born 3 December 1942 Small Heath Birmingham England) known as Ken Lewis is an English singer songwriter and record producer. He is considered one of the more successful songwriters of the 1960s as a result of his collaborations with John Carter. His biggest success was Can't You Hear My Heartbeat which was a 1965 US number 1 hit single for Herman's Hermits.
 Marisol Grondin (born January 8 1985) is a Canadian singer and dancer from La Pêche in the Outaouais region of Quebec.
 Tang Can (simplified Chinese: 汤灿; traditional Chinese: 湯燦; pinyin: Tāng Càn; born June 12 1975) is a Chinese singer.
 Sarah Josepha Buell Hale (October 24 1788 – April 30 1879) was an American writer and an influential editor. She is the author of the nursery rhyme Mary Had a Little Lamb. Hale famously campaigned for the creation of the American holiday known as Thanksgiving and for the completion of the Bunker Hill Monument.
 Wolfram Aïchele (born 29 April 1924 in Freiburg im Breisgau) is an artist from Baden-Württemberg in Southern Germany.His work has been exhibited in America Germany France Belgium Switzerland the Netherlands and Luxembourg.His paintings have been acquired by the French state the City of Paris The Museum of the History and Art of Luxemburg the State of Baden-Württemberg the Federal Bank of Germany and Daimler-Benz as well as many private collectors.Son of the distinguished animal artist Erwin Aichele Aïchele’s Third Reich childhood is the subject of a 2011 book by the author and historian Giles Milton (who is also his son-in-law). 
 Christer Eric Sandelin (born in Stockholm Sweden on 5 November 1961) is a Swedish musician and singer. He was part of two groups.
 Salaam Remi is an American hip hop producer and keyboard player known for his association with Nas Amy Winehouse Fergie Miguel and his reggae-tinged (often referred to as broken-bottle) approach to production. On some releases in 2012 such as Girl on Fire by Alicia Keys and R.E.D. by Ne-Yo Remi's productions are credited as Salaamremi.com.
 Santhosh Narayanann is an Indian film composer and musician in the Tamil film industry. Santhosh Narayanan made his debut as a film composer in the 2012 Tamil film Attakathi. Since then he has composed and scored background for films like Pizza Uyir Mozhi and Soodhu Kavvum.
 Siegrid Ernst (born 3 March 1929) is a German pianist music educator and composer.
 Kristina Schmid (born 1972) is a Swedish photographer from Stockholm.Schmid visited the Medborgarskolan' art school in Stockholm from 1993 to 1994 and afterwards the Pernbys målarskola until 1996 also in Stockholm. From 1996 to 2001 she studied at the Valand School of Fine Arts in Göteborg and participated courses at Munich's Academy of Fine Arts in Germany.
 For the musician see Anthony More (musician).Sir Anthonis Mor also known as Anthonis Mor van Dashorst and Antonio Moro (c. 1517 - 1577) was a Netherlandish portrait painter much in demand by the courts of Europe. He has also been referred to as Antoon Anthonius Anthonis or Mor van Dashorst and as Antonio Moro Anthony More etc. but signed most of his portraits as Anthonis Mor.
 James Fenimore Cooper (September 15 1789 – September 14 1851) was a prolific and popular American writer of the early 19th century. His historical romances of frontier and Indian life in the early American days created a unique form of American literature. He lived most of his life in Cooperstown New York which was established by his father William. Cooper was a lifelong member of the Episcopal Church and in his later years contributed generously to it.
 John Straley is a poet and author of detective fiction. He currently resides in Sitka Alaska.
 Eileen MacDonagh was born in Geevagh County Sligo in 1956 and has worked as a sculptor since the 1980s. For her contribution to sculpture and the Arts in Ireland MacDonagh was elected in 2004 to Aosdána the Irish organisation that recognises artists that have contributed a unique body of work.
 Gustavo Arias Murueta (born May 26 1923) is a Mexican painter sculptor and poet a member of the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana best known for his work in drawing graphic arts and oil painting. He originally studied architecture at the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México where he met artists such as Rufino Tamayo David Alfaro Siqueiros and José Clemente Orozco. In the 1950s he began to produce artworks with his first exhibition in 1961.
 Kazimierz Bein (1872 – June 15 1959) was a Polish ophthalmologist the founder and sometime director of the Warsaw Ophthalmic Institute (Warszawski Instytut Oftalmiczny).He was also for a time a prominent Esperanto author translator and activist until in 1911 he suddenly without explanation abandoned the Esperanto movement.
 Jesse Richards (born July 17 1975) is a painter filmmaker and photographer from New Haven Connecticut and was affiliated with the international movement Stuckism. He has been described as one of the most provocative names in American underground culture and the father of remodernist cinema.
 Oscar Saul (December 26 1912 New York City - May 23 1994 Los Angeles) was an American writer. Saul wrote or collaborated on the screenplays for numerous movies from the 1940s through to the early 1980s. His best-known work was on the screen adaptation of Tennessee Williams' A Streetcar Named Desire.
 Leone di Lernia (born Leonardo di Lernia in Trani Italy April 18 1938) is a radio host singer and composer of the genre trash-demented. He has gained popularity in early nineties thanks to the cover of parodic goliardic and often scurrilous songs of dance music. It's been almost ten years (1999 to 2008 and again even if partially in 2011) comic shoulder of the radio program Lo Zoo di 105 on Radio 105 Network.
 Sebastian Baczkiewicz is an English writer.
 Robert T. Jeschonek (born 12 September 1965) is an American writer and author of essays articles comic books and podcasts. He writes fiction in a wide range of genres including fantasy humor literary mystery science fiction and super-heroes. His work is intended for young readers young adults and adult readers.
 Camélia Jordana Aliouane (born September 15 1992 in Toulon Var France) is a French pop singer. She rose to fame after participating in the television show Nouvelle Star the French version of Pop Idol in 2009 where she came third.
 Virus (born Andre Michel Karkos in Rochester New York) is a singer/songwriter guitarist producer most recognized for playing lead guitar for the American Industrial Metal/Rock band Dope. He is also known for his work with metal band Device.
 José Maria de Eça de Queiroz or Eça de Queirós (European Portuguese: [ʒuˈzɛ mɐˈɾiɐ dɨ ˈɛsɐ dɨ kɐi̯ˈɾɔʃ]; November 25 1845 – August 16 1900) is generally considered to be the greatest Portuguese writer in the realist style. Zola considered him to be far greater than Flaubert. The London Observer critics rank him with Dickens Balzac and Tolstoy.
 Stu Phillips (born January 19 1933) is a Canadian-American country singer from Montreal Quebec.Stu and his wife Aldona operate Long Hollow Winery in Goodlettsville near Nashville.
 Robert Swain Gifford (December 23 1840 - January 13 1905) was an American landscape painter. He was influenced by the Barbizon school.Much of his work focuses on the landscapes of New England where he was born. He along with Victorian contemporaries from the White Mountain and Hudson River Schools helped immortalize the majestic cliffs of Grand Manan in the Bay of Fundy. His painting from the island Pettes Cove is illustrative of his masterful marine work.
 Toivo Pawlo (25 December 1917 – 14 June 1979) was a Swedish film actor. He appeared in 50 films between 1943 and 1978. At the 12th Guldbagge Awards he won the award for Best Actor for his role in the film Hello Baby.
 Sue Hodge (born 4 June 1957 in Orsett Essex) is a British actress best known for her role as the waitress Mimi Labonq in the BBC sitcom 'Allo 'Allo!.
 Barbara Randolph (5 May 1942 – 15 July 2002) also known as Barbara Ann Sanders was an African American singer and actress who recorded for Motown Records in the 1960s.She was born in Detroit Michigan and was adopted by the actress Lillian Randolph who appeared in It's a Wonderful Life and many other movies.
 Lambert McKenna S.J. (Irish: An tAthair Lámhbheartach Mac Cionnaith) (16 July 1870 – 27 December 1956) was a Jesuit priest and writer.He was born Andrew Joseph Lambert McKenna in Dublin and studied in Europe. He collected and edited religious and folk poetry in the Irish language. Working with the Irish Texts Society he edited the famous Contention of the bards and many anthologies of Irish bardic poetry and historical works. He is a former editor of the Irish Monthly and An Timire.
 Shaun Mehta is a Canadian writer. He has published one novel and one short story collection to date and also collaborated with his brother film director Richie Mehta on the screenplay for Richie's debut film Amal which was based on one of Shaun's short stories.Amal has won over 30 international awards.Shaun and Richie Mehta were nominated for Best Adapted Screenplay at the 29th Genie Awards.
 Frances Temple (August 15 1945 – July 5 1995) was a primary school teacher a writer of award-winning children's stories and young adult novels and an illustrator. She was born August 15 1945 in Washington District of Columbia. She grew up in Virginia France and Vietnam. She died July 5 1995 from a heart attack.
 Charlemagne Palestine (born Chaim Moshe Tzadik Palestine or Charles Martin) August 15 1945 or 1947 in Brooklyn New York) is an American minimalist composer performer and visual artist.
 Gotthold Ephraim Lessing (22 January 1729 – 15 February 1781) was a German writer philosopher dramatist publicist and art critic and one of the most outstanding representatives of the Enlightenment era. His plays and theoretical writings substantially influenced the development of German literature. He is widely considered by theatre historians to be the first dramaturg.
 Kenn Starr is a rapper from Suffolk Virginia currently residing in the Washington D.C. metro area. Starr is a member of the Low Budget Crew and also the duo Isaac Jones. His solo debut Starr Status was released in 2006.
 Federico Andahazi (born June 6 1963) is an Argentine writer.
 Henry Harding Bingley (1887–1972) was a painter in washed oils and watercolour during the early 20th Century.
 Neeta Shah (born 2 Jan 1981) is an Indian author & currently she is freelancing as a Marketing & Strategy Consultant. Shah is the author of Bollywood Striptease. IndiaToday.
 Mauro Pagani (born February 5 1946) is an Italian musician and singer.Pagani was born in Chiari Lombardy. A multi-instrumentalist he made his debut in the music world in 1970 as violinist and founding member of the progressive rock band Premiata Forneria Marconi. In 1977 he left the band to follow a solo career but in 2003 rejoined for a celebrative concert.
 Roy Murdoch Buchanan Williamson (25 June 1936 – 12 August 1990) was a Scottish songwriter and folk musician most notably with The Corries.
 Shazrina binti Azman (born 1 July 1980) professionally known as Mizz Nina is a Malaysian singer-songwriter. She performs songs in English and Malay which includes Malaysian and international collaborations.
 Ranko Marinković (22 February 1913 – 28 January 2001) was a Croatian novelist and dramatist.Born in Komiža on the island of Vis (then a part of Austria-Hungary) Marinković's childhood was marked by World War I. He later earned a degree in philosophy from the University of Zagreb. In the 1930s he began to make his name in Zagreb literary circles with his plays and stories.His career was interrupted briefly during World War II.
 Juan Garcia-Herreros also known as The Snow Owl is a native born Colombian Bassist & Composer notable for his virtuoso musicianship and for his use of a customised 6-stringed Electric Contrabass Guitar.
 Gisle Torvik (born 2 June 1975 in Bergen Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (guitar) from Tørvikbygd in Hardanger.
 Anne McAllister (b. California United States) is a best-selling United States writer of over 55 romance novels since 1985.
 Matthew David Matt Cameron (born November 28 1962) is an American musician who serves as the drummer for the American rock bands Pearl Jam and Soundgarden. After getting his start with the Seattle Washington-based bands Bam Bam and Skin Yard he first gained fame as the drummer for the band Soundgarden which he joined in 1986 and remained in until the band's break-up in 1997 triggered by creative friction. In 1998 Cameron was invited to play on Pearl Jam's U.S. Yield Tour.
 Tom Mundell better known as Metrik is an English electronic music record producer.
 John Boxtel (1930) is a Dutch sculptor and art teacher. His works include sculpture woodcarving architectural drafting design and building.
 Mustapha Toumi (July 14 1937 – April 3 2013) was an Algerian songwriter lyricist composer poet and painter.
 Olav Terje Bergo (born 8 October 1946) is a Norwegian former newspaper editor. Bergo was born in Nes Hallingdal. He was the chief editor of Bergensavisen (BA) from 1984 to 2009 and was chairman of the board of the Norwegian Media Business organization from 2002 to 2005. Previously he was a board member of the European National Publishers Association (ENPA) and from 2001 to 2006 he was on the board of the World Association of Newspapers (WAN).
 Asami Kimura (木村 麻美 Kimura Asami) (born July 17 1984 in Tomakomai Hokkaidō Japan) is a J-pop singer and former member of Hello! Project. She joined the group Country Musume in 2000 and became the group leader in 2002. She also played on the Gatas Brilhantes H.P. futsal team. She graduated from Hello! Project on January 28 2007. She is currently living in Tokyo Japan and according to her graduation speech she would like to pursue a career involving animals.
 Selçuk Altun (born 1950) is a Turkish writer publisher and retired banking executive.
 Yoshiki Fukuyama (福山 芳樹 Fukuyama Yoshiki) born September 14 1963 is a Japanese guitarist singer and songwriter. He originally became known on an international level for his work in the anime Macross 7 where he was the singing voice and guitar of the show's main character Basara Nekki. Fukuyama is currently enjoying a successful career recording both solo and as a member of the anime music supergroup JAM Project.
 William Bavand (fl. 1559) was an English writer.Bavand having been educated at Oxford became a student in the Middle Temple and published in 1559 ‘A work touching the good ordering of a Common Weale in 9 Books’ a translation from Ferrarius Montanus. The book is dedicated to Queen Elizabeth. Scattered up and down the work are several verse-translations of passages from classical poets.
 Hassaan Egzaar Chenanizadeh (Arabic: حسان اگزار چنانی) an instrumentalist of Rababa who is known as HassaanEgzaar was a singer of AlwanieVokal style from south west Iran. He was a resident of Khowayes (methamtammar) a village of the Alwan alshowaya (beitresheg) and shoosh city functions. Chenanizade was discovered and introduced to music society of Iran by Hooshangjavid a music researcher of areas of Iran.
 Father Diego de Torres Vargas (1590–1649) a priest was the first person to write a book about the history of Puerto Rico.
 Mallika Yunis is an Indian writer who writes novels in Malayalam language. She is probably best known for her 1981 novel Upasana which won her the Maman Mappila literary award in 1982. The novel was made into a critically acclaimed film titled Ente Upasana by noted director Bharathan. The 2012 film Karpoora Deepam is also based on her novel. The film which commenced production in 1998 was in a development hell for 14 years.
 Joey Belladonna (born Joseph Bellardini October 13 1960 Oswego New York) is a thrash metal musician best known as the vocalist for the thrash metal band Anthrax. He is also the vocalist and drummer of the cover band Chief Big Way.
 Frank Philbrick (born May 23 1978 in Northampton Massachusetts) is a former professional baseball player turned carpenter and author. Philbrick co-authored his first book The Backyard Lumberjack alongside his father Stephen Philbrick in 2006.After graduating from Brown University in the spring of 2001 where Philbrick was an English major and a left-handed pitcher Philbrick signed a professional baseball contract with the Albany-Colonie Diamond Dogs of the independent Northeast League.
 Rita K. Gollin was born on January 22 1928 in Brooklyn NY. She attended Queens College for undergraduate studies before earning her Ph.D. in English from the University of Minnesota in 1961. Gollin is Distinguished Professor Emerita of English at the State University of New York at Geneseo. Gollin is a scholar of the life and works of Nathaniel Hawthorne on whom she has authored several books and many articles.
 Erica Ellyson (born October 1 1984) is an American softcore model and actress who was Penthouse's Pet of the Month for January 2007 and Pet of the Year for 2008.
 Catherine Malandrino is a fashion designer. She was born in Grenoble France and now works in New York City as well as in Paris.
 Lo Mang is a Hong Kong based veteran martial artist who was born as Lo Hin Lam in Hong Kong on 23 July 1952. Primarily known for starring in Shaw Brothers kung fu movies in the latter part of the 1970s and beginning of the 1980s. He is a one part of the most famous venom club known as Venom Mob in 70s and 80s who were renowned for their martial arts and acting skills.His most famous roles are Toad in Five Deadly Venoms and Golden Arm Kid in Kid with the Golden Arm.
 Jacques Audiberti (March 25 1899 – July 10 1965) was a French playwright poet and novelist and exponent of the Theatre of the Absurd.He was born in Antibes France. He died in Paris. He is buried inCimetière de Pantin Pantin Ile-de-France Region France
 Callen Radcliffe Tjader Jr. a.k.a. Cal Tjader (July 16 1925 – May 5 1982) was a Latin jazz musician though he also explored various other jazz idioms. Unlike other American jazz musicians who experimented with the music from Cuba the Caribbean and Latin America he never abandoned it performing it until his death.Tjader primarily played the vibraphone. He was also accomplished on the drums bongos congas timpani and the piano.
 Wilfred Nalani Moe Keale (December 3 1939 - April 15 2002) was a musician of Hawaiian music a ukulele virtuoso and an American actor. He was uncle to Israel Kamakawiwo'ole.
 Paul Kaye (born 15 December 1964)[citation needed] is an English comedian and actor. He achieved notoriety in 1995 portraying the character of Dennis Pennis a shock interviewer on The Sunday Show. Recently he has been known as rude New Jersey lawyer Mike Strutter with his own show Strutter on MTV. Kaye also plays the voice of Vincent the fox on the BBC comedy Mongrels and most recently Thoros of Myr in HBO's Game of Thrones. He also fronts the UK TV adverts for betting website BetVictor.
 Bernard Fowler (born January 2 1959) is an American musician songwriter producer and actor. He has provided backing vocals with The Rolling Stones for over 25 years on recordings and tours and has been a featured guest vocalist on the majority of solo albums released by the members of that band. He has also been a regular featured singer on other musicians' recordings and tours.
 Thérèse Liotard (born 6 May 1949 in Lille Nord France) is a French actress best known for her role in the film My Father's Glory (La Gloire de mon père de Marcel Pagnol). She is known on British television for her appearance in the BBC series Bergerac.She made her French television debut as a presenter on ORTF in 1970.
 Kristleifur Björnsson is an Icelandic visual artist born in Reykjavík Iceland in 1973. He graduated from HGB - Academy of Visual Arts in Leipzig Germany in 2003.Kristleifur's work has been exhibited in solo and group exhibitions throughout Europe in museums and galleries such as Berlinische Galerie in Berlin The Reykjavík Art Museum and The Tate Modern in London. He lives and works in Berlin Germany.
 Stuart Daniel Baker (born 1954 in North Carolina) better known by his stage name Unknown Hinson is a comedic country musician songwriter and voice actor. He is perhaps best known for his role as the voice of Early Cuyler on the Adult Swim cartoon series Squidbillies.
 Rob Byrnes is a 21st-century gay American novelist and blogger whose fiction focuses primarily on gay men and other sexual minorities.In 2011 he was elected to the Executive Council of the International Association of Crime Writers/North American Branch. He also serves on the Steering Committee for The Publishing Triangle.
 Erika Bella (born 23 August 1972 in Hungary) is a pornographic actress. She has appeared in around 100 movies since 1994. She is credited as one of the Hungarian actresses that had helped build the Italian pornography movie industry.Bella was originally discovered by pornographic actor and director Christoph Clark. Her debut movie was for Private Video in Virgin Treasures in 1995. She appeared four times in Private Video Magazine a video series that usually features new girls.
 Jennifer Day Morrison (born August 22 1979) is an American country music singer. Signed to BNA Records in late 1999 she has released one studio album (2000's The Fun of Your Love) and has charted two singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. The album's title track was also featured in the 2000 film For Love of the Game. In 2005 Day reemerged on MySpace as Jennifer Morrison with a new solo album.
 Uroš Zupan (born 25 August 1963) is a Slovene poet and translator. He has published numerous collections of poetry and his poetry has also been translated into German Polish Czech English Serbian and Croatian.Zupan was born in Trbovlje in 1963 and lived there until he went to study Comparative literature and Sociology of culture at the University of Ljubljana. He works as a translator from English Croatian and Serbian into Slovene.
 Ian McFarlane (born 1959) is an Australian music journalist music historian and author who's best known publication is the The Encyclopedia of Australian Rock and Pop (1999). As a journalist he started in 1984 with Juke a rock music newspaper. During the early 1990s he worked for Roadrunner Records while he published a music guide The Australian New Music Record Guide Volume 1: 1976–1980 (1992).
 Lynne Arriale is an American pianist composer and bandleader who has been critically praised by the New York Times: “Lynne Arriale’s brilliant musicianship and bandstand instincts place her among the top jazz pianists of the day” and The Times: “Arriale is putting the heart back into jazz.”“The consummate storyteller Arriale achieves a special deep connection with her audience and the energy flows both ways.
 Giovanni Battista Cassana (1668–1738) was an Italian painter. He was born the youngest son of Giovanni Francesco Cassana. He excelled in painting fruit flowers and still-life.
 Sam Saboura is best known as the on camera stylist and host of ABC’s hit series Extreme Makeover. He has appeared as the fashion and style expert on entertainment news and awards programs. He is also a personal shopper and stylist.Saboura is currently one of the hosts of Something Borrowed Something New on TLC with designer Kelly Nishimoto.
 Marie-Ève Janvier is a Canadian singer from Quebec born in 1984 in Roxton Pond Estrie Quebec.
 Edward Sonny Stitt (born Edward Boatner Jr.; February 2 1924 – July 22 1982) was an American jazz saxophonist of the bebop/hard bop idiom. He was one of the best-documented saxophonists of his generation recording over 100 albums. He was nicknamed the Lone Wolf by jazz critic Dan Morgenstern in reference to his relentless touring and devotion to jazz.
 Craig Hunter is a musician and teacher living in Hamilton Ontario Canada.[citation needed] Formerly the drummer of the pop band The Philosopher Kings he is currently a music teacher at Waterdown District High School located in Waterdown Ontario where he also directs the school's award winning jazz band. On the side he continues to play the drums as a session musician and gives private lessons to drum students.
 Kenneth Tin-Kin Hung (Chinese: 洪天健; pinyin: Hóng Tiānjiàn born 1976) is a Chinese-American new media artist who lives and works in New York. He earned his Bachelor of Arts in Arts degree from San Francisco State University. Hung's works are digital collages of popular culture and current events. His media includes hi-definition video animation video games net.art digital graphics and mixed-media installations. Hung has been called the John Heartfield of Digital Era.
 Ryan Belhsen (born Oussama Belhcen Cherradi on March 18 1991 in the United States Naval Communications Station Sidi Yahya El Gharb Morocco) is a Moroccan pop singer songwriter and producer from Morocco he started his career in 2006. One of his known songs is Rock Your Body from his third album Dayman.
 Max Tannone formerly known as Minty Fresh Beats is a New York music producer most notable for his production of mashup music.
 David Wesley Dave Haywood (born July 5 1982) is an American country music singer. He is one-third of the band Lady Antebellum in which he plays piano guitar and mandolin and sings backing vocals.Haywood's father Van is a dental instructor/dentist who invented a teeth-whitening method(originally discovered by Dr. Bill Klusmeier) and his mother Angie is a teacher. Both are involved in music in their church.Haywood's mother taught him to play piano and his father taught him to play guitar.
 Kathy Wemyss (pronounced 'Weemz') is an Australian rock musician. A multi-instrumentalist she was a member of Chad's Tree (1989) and The Jackson Code.
 Chelsea Nikkel better known by her stage name Princess Chelsea is an Electropop singer-songwriter from Auckland New Zealand and a previous member of twee pop band The Brunettes and Auckland band Teenwolf. Nikkel is associated with the Lil' Chief Records collective and is a part time member of Auckland soul group The Cosbys and Disciples of Macca a Paul McCartney covers band featuring members of The Brunettes Ruby Suns Bressa Creeting Cake and Lawrence Arabia.
 Camilo Pessanha (September 7 1867 Coimbra – March 1 1926 Macau) was a Portuguese symbolist poet.
 Isobel Isy Jane Suttie (/ˈɪziː/; born 11 August 1978) is an English stand-up comedian actress writer composer and musician.She is best known for playing the role of Dobby in the British sitcom Peep Show and in 2013 won the gold Sony Radio Academy Award for her radio show Pearl And Dave.
 Tameka Harris (née Cottle; born July 14 1975) is an American singer-songwriter from Jonesboro Georgia. She is perhaps best known as a member of the multi-platinum R&B female group Xscape and her marriage with American rapper T.I.. She received a Grammy Award for her writing contributions on the TLC hit No Scrubs. She acquired the nickname Tiny due to her small stature of 4'11.
 Yoo Hyeonjong is a South Korean novelist whose works of dramatic historical fiction are well known in his native country.
 Karen Rosenberg (born 20 June 1975) better known by her mononym Karen is a Danish R&B singer. She released three albums. Her debut album En til en in 2000 was produced by Saqib of Outlandish and Lasse Lindholm of Hvid Sjokolade. Her follow up album. The album was nominated to three awards during the Danish Music Awards eventually winning Best R&B. She also became famous with Vis mig du' min mand taken from the album.
 Mark Hummel (born December 15 1955 New Haven Connecticut) is an American blues harmonica player vocalist songwriter and long-time bandleader of The Blues Survivors. Since 1991 Hummel has produced the Blues Harmonica Blowout tour of which he is also a featured performer. The shows have featured blues harmonica players such as James Cotton Carey Bell and Charlie Musselwhite.
 Lakshminarayana Shankar also known as L. Shankar and Shenkar is an Indian-born American violinist singer and composer.
 Kim Harrison is a pen-name of American author Dawn Cook. Under the name of Harrison she is best known for her Rachel Morgan urban fantasy series set in an alternate history where a worldwide pandemic caused by genetically modified tomatoes led to the death of a large portion of the world's human population. Under the name of Dawn Cook she is best known for her Decoy Princess and Truth series published in the first few years of the 21st century.
 Gary Baseman (born September 27 1960) is a contemporary artist who works in various creative fields including illustration fine art toy design and animation. He is the creator of the Emmy-winning ABC/Disney cartoon series Teacher’s Pet and the artistic designer of Cranium a popular board game. Baseman’s aesthetic combines iconic pop art images pre- and post-war vintage motifs cross-cultural mythology and literary and psychological archetypes.
 George Varghese Kakkanadan (Malayalam: ജോര്ജ്ജ് വര്ഗ്ഗീസ് കാക്കനാടന്; 23 April 1935 – 19 October 2011) commonly known as Kakkanadan was a Malayalam language short story writer and novelist from Kerala state South India. His works made clean break from the neo-realism that dominated Malayalam literature through the 1950s and 60s. He is often credited with laying the foundation of modernism in Malayalam literature.
 Mark Leyner (born 1956) is an American postmodernist author.
 Luis Felipe Gómez Lomelí (January 10 1975) is a Mexican writer and poet.He is best known for his flash fiction work El emigrante (The Migrant – 2005) and for the collection Todos santos de California (All Saints of California – 2002) which won the San Luis Potosí National Award for Best Short Story.
 Jean-Michel Defaye (born 1932) is a French pianist composer arranger and conductor known for his collaboration with French poet and singer-songwriter Léo Ferré.He was born in Saint-Mandé Val-de-Marne near Paris on 18 September 1932. Aged ten he entered the Paris Conservatoire and completed his musical training in theory piano and composition taking in Nadia Boulanger's accompaniment class.
 Ray Lynch (aka Raymond Lynch) is a classically trained guitarist and lutenist. He was born in Salt Lake City Utah to a musical and artistic family. His mother was a classical pianist and watercolor artist. At age 6 Lynch began studying the piano until age 12 where he was inspired by the music of Andrés Segovia’s classical recordings and decided to pursue a career in music. He attended both St.
 Dan Cederholm is a web designer author and speaker living in Salem Massachusetts. He's the founder of SimpleBits a web design studio (and weblog) where he writes articles and commentary about the web technology and life. Cederholm is the author of two books on standards-based web design and CSS: Bulletproof Web Design and Web Standards Solutions. Dan also co-founded and runs the wine review webpage Cork'd in addition to the Twitter mashup site Foamee.
 Roderick Roddy Woomble (born 13 August 1976) is a Scottish singer songwriter and writer. He is best known as the lead vocalist of indie rock band Idlewild with whom he has recorded six studio albums.
 Amy Pleasant (born 1972) is an American painter living and working in Birmingham AL with representation by the Jeff Bailey Gallery (New York NY). She received a BFA from The School of the Art Institute of Chicago and an MFA from the Tyler School of Art at Temple University.Pleasant is best known for her figurative free associative paintings and drawings that explore simple daily acts in slowly unfolding narratives.
 Pierre Louÿs (French: [pjɛʁ lu.i(s)] December 10 1870 – June 6 1925) was a French poet and writer most renowned for lesbian and classical themes in some of his writings. He is known as a writer who sought to express pagan sensuality with stylistic perfection. He was made first a Chevalier and then an Officer of the Légion d'honneur for his contributions to French literature.
 Jonathan Alter (born October 6 1957) is an American journalist best-selling author and television producer who was a columnist and senior editor for Newsweek magazine from 1983 until 2011 and has written three New York Times best-selling books about American presidents. He is a contributing correspondent to NBC News where since 1996 he has appeared on NBC MSNBC and CNBC. Alter was one of the first magazine or newspaper reporters to appear on MSNBC.
 Babita Pohoomull (born 1981) is a British. She played Preeti Choraria in EastEnders from 27 October 2006 to 3 January 2008. She also played Gita Dhatri in Casualty. As of September 2009 Pohoomull also appears in CBBC's Planet Ajay.
 Peter Peter is a Canadian singer-songwriter originating from Quebec City Quebec (born c. 1984) and known for his French pop/rock compositions.
 Ng Man Tat (traditional Chinese: 吳孟達; simplified Chinese: 吴孟达; Cantonese Yale: ng4 maang6 daat6) was born on 2 January 1952. He is a veteran actor in the Hong Kong film industry with dozens of awards under his belt including Best Supporting Actor at the 10th Hong Kong Film Awards for his role in A Moment of Romance.
 Sloane Crosley (born August 3 1978) is a writer living in New York and the author of the collections of essays I Was Told There'd Be Cake and How Did You Get This Number. She also worked as a publicist at the Vintage Books division of Random House and as an adjunct professor in Columbia University’s Master of Fine Arts program. She graduated from Connecticut College in 2000.
 Georges Hartmann (15 May 1843 Paris - May 1900 Paris) was a French dramatist and opera librettist who wrote under the pen name Henri Grémont.Since 1870 he was also a music publisher publishing compositions of Jules Massenet.
 Douglas McCombs (born in 1962 in Peoria Illinois) plays bass and guitar with the instrumental rock band Tortoise and leads the instrumental band Brokeback. He is also the longtime bassist for the rock band Eleventh Dream Day. In 1997 he formed Pullman with Bundy K. Brown Chris Brokaw and Curtis Harvey with whom he released two albums.
 Eamon Everall (born 6 October 1948) is an English artist and educator. He was one of the 12 founder members of the Stuckists art group. He paints in a neo-cubist style with subjects from life worked on over a long period.
 Wayne Bennett (December 13 1931 – November 28 1992) was an American blues guitarist.
 Ursula Kroeber Le Guin (US /ˈɜrsələ ˈkroʊbər ləˈɡwɪn/ ; born October 21 1929) is an American author of novels children's books and short stories mainly in the genres of fantasy and science fiction. She has also written poetry and essays. First published in the 1960s her work has often depicted futuristic or imaginary alternative worlds in politics natural environment gender religion sexuality and ethnography.She was influenced by fantasy writers like J. R. R.
 Carmen Consoli (Italian pronunciation: [ˈkarmen ˈkɔnsoli]; born September 4 1974 in Catania) is an Italian singer-songwriter. She has released 7 studio albums and 2 live albums.
 Thiruthuraipoondi Radhakrishnan Pappa (Tamil: டி. ஆர். பாப்பா; 1923–2004) was a music director of Tamil Telugu and Sinhalese movies. He was born in 1923 at Thiruthuraipoondi Madras Presidency British India.
 Calvin Hunt (1957 - December 26 2009) was an American Christian singer.Hunt was one of eight children. Hunt knew the struggle of growing up as a child of an alcoholic mother who later became born again. Hunt began singing at age 5. Hunt started working at the age of 12. He worked at an Italian pizzeria in Queens New York for four years to help out his mother. At age 16 Hunt worked construction moved out on his own and started a band as a lead singer.
 Ari Berk is an American writer folklorist artist and scholar of literature iconography and comparative myth. Berk holds degrees in Ancient History (B.A.) American Indian Studies (M.A.) and Comparative Literature and Culture (Ph.D.) from Humboldt State University and University of Arizona respectively. His dissertation was directed by Pulitzer Prize winner N.
 Ronald Ronnie Leslie Burns (born 8 September 1946) AM is an Australian rock singer and guitarist. He fronted the Melbourne band The Flies in the early 1960s followed by a solo career into the 1970s and was a member of Burns Cotton & Morris in the 1990s. He retired from performing in 2000. His solo hit single Smiley peaked at number two on the Go-Set National Top 40 in 1970.
 René Gruau (4 February 1909 – 31 March 2004) was a renowned fashion illustrator whose exaggerated portrayal of fashion design through painting has had a lasting effect on the fashion industry . Because of Gruau's inherent skills and creativity contributed to a change in the entire fashion industry through the new pictures that represented the already popular designs created by designers in the industry.
 Sister Simona Noorenbergh (1907–1990; her surname is also spelled Noorenberghe or Noorenberg and her original given name was Maria) was a Belgian-born religious leader and community organizer.She was born in Ypres Belgium in 1907. She was one of the founders of the small mountain village Fane in Central Province Papua New Guinea where she wasknown in Papua New Guinea as Sister Simona. At the age of 84 she died in an airplane crash in the Papuan mountains on July 5 1990.
 Mark Dawidziak is an American author and critic.
 Abraham Tato Laviera (May 9 1950 – November 1 2013) was an acclaimed Nuyorican poet. An obituary for NBC Latino describes him as one of the greatest representatives of the Nuyorican movement.
 Yngve Moe (4 October 1957 – 17 April 2013) was a Norwegian bass guitarist known from a number of album releases as a session musician and most notably as a founding member of Dance with a Stranger.
 Giuseppe Sauli D'Igliano (Turin June 6 1853 - January 14 1908) was an Italian painter painting genre and landscape subjects.His family originated in Genoa but he was a resident in Turin. One of his teachers was Celestino Turletti. He exhibited in 1880 at Turin a canvas depicting: Offesa dal baffone. La lezione was exhibited in 1883 at Rome. Asperges me Domini was exhibited in 1886 at Livorno.
 Charles Alfred Chuck Leavell (born April 28 1952) is an American musician who was a member of the Allman Brothers Band during the height of their 1970s popularity a founding member of the jazz-rock combo Sea Level a frequently employed session musician and long-time touring member of the Rolling Stones. Leavell has also toured and recorded with Eric Clapton George Harrison Gov't Mule and John Mayer.
 Christoph Christian Sturm (1740–1786) was a German preacher and author best known for his Reflections on the Works of God in Nature. The son of Johann Jakob Sturm a lawyer at Augsburg was born at Augsburg January 25 1740. He studied at the universities of Jena and Halle. He was then appointed in 1762 as one of the masters in the Paedagogium at Halle and in 1765 became Conrector of the school at Sorau at that time still part of Brandenburg.
 Binod Bihari Verma (1937–2003) was a Maithili littérateur by soul medical doctor by profession and a defence officer by career. He is most noted for his pioneering work on Panjis which are ancient genealogical charts Maithili Karna Kayasthak Panjik Sarvekshan. He is also known for his depiction of rural poor of the Mithila region in his writings. During his lifetime he worked as a medical officer in the Indian Army as a lecturer in a Dental College and as a Private Medical practitioner.
 George Eric Oakes Ramsden (1898–1962) was a New Zealand journalist writer and art critic. He was born in Martinborough Wairarapa New Zealand in 1898.
 Faiz Ahmad Faiz (Punjabi Urdu: فیض احمد فیض ‎ born 13 February 1911 – 20 November 1984) MBE NILenin Peace Prize was an influential left-wing intellectual revolutionary poet and one of the most famous poets of Urdu. He also wrote poems in Punjabi language as well. A notable member of the Progressive Writers' Movement (PWM) Faiz was an avowed Marxist. Listed four times for the Nobel Prize in poetry he received the Lenin Peace Prize by the Soviet Union in 1962.
 Russ Warren (American b. 1951) is a contemporary figurative painter who has exhibited extensively throughout the U.S. and abroad notably in the 1981 Whitney Biennial and the 1984 Venice Biennale. A painter in the Neo-Expressionist style he has drawn inspiration from Spanish masters such as Velázquez Goya and Picasso as well as from Mexican folk art and the American southwest.
 Wilm Dedeke (c.1460–c.1528) was a late gothic painter from Northern Germany. He was born in Lübeck.Dedeke completed the Altar of St. Luke (Lukas-Altar) at the Hamburg Mariendom in 1499 for the Hamburg Guild of Saint Luke. It had been left unfinished by his late colleagues Hinrik Bornemann and Absolon Stumme; Dedeke married the widow of the latter man. In 1502 he attained the title of Master of the Brotherhood of St. Thomas.
 Aki Pekka Antero Sirkesalo (July 25 1962 – December 26 2004) was a Finnish singer and broadcaster.
 Imants Kalniņš (born 26 May 1941 in Riga Latvia) is one of the most important composers in the history of Latvian music. Having studied classical as well as choral music he has written six symphonies several operas (including the first rock opera in the USSR Ei jūs tur! (Hey you there!)) oratorios cantatas choir songs a lot of movie and theater music.
 John Bainbridge Copnall (1928–2007) was an English artist best known for his abstract expressionist painting of richly coloured stylised realism often on a grand scale. He was also a teacher of painting for twenty years at the Central School of Art and Design in London.
 John Dhani Lennevald (born July 24 1984 in Stockholm) is a Swedish Pop/R&B dancer and singer. He is a former member of the pop group A-Teens.
 Jordan Hill (born Whitney Jordan Hill in Knoxville Tennessee USA) is an American singer/songwriter.Hill was originally signed by producer David Foster to his own label 143 Records a division of Warner Music Group.
 Cheryl Kaye Tardif (née Kaye; born (1963-08-12)August 12 1963) is a Canadian mystery writer best known for Canada-based novels Whale Song Divine Intervention and The River. Her novels involve social issues such as assisted suicide school bullies child abuse and the search for youth and longevity.
 William Horwood (born 12 May 1944 in Oxford) is an English novelist. He grew up on the East Kent coast primarily in Deal within a model modern family—fractious with parental separation secret illegitimacy alcoholism and genteel poverty.Between the ages of six and ten he was raised in foster care attended school in Germany for a year then went on to Grammar School at age eleven.
 Shay Sweet (born September 22 1978 in Fort Worth Texas) is an American pornographic actress. Shay Sweet owns a bar in Texas called Coyote Ugly according to the Behind The Scenes Extras on the DVD Fine Ass Bitches.
 Giovanni Papini (January 9 1881 – July 8 1956) was an Italian journalist essayist literary critic poet and novelist.
 Victor Eugenio Batres Garcia (born May 21 1941 in Chinandega Nicaragua) is a Nicaraguan journalist political commentator newscaster and writer. He is the author of Subdesarrollo y corrupción: experencias tercermundistas de la democracia nicaragüense published in 2003 a historical account of Nicarguan governments.
 Giacinto Brandi (1621 – 19 January 1691) was an Italian painter of the Baroque era active mainly in Rome and Naples.Born in Poli in the Lazio he was trained in Rome in the studio of Alessandro Algardi a noted sculptor who noted that Brandi was more suited to painting. He joined the studio of Giovanni Giacomo Sementi. He traveled to Naples from 1638 and by 1647 had returned to Rome to work under Giovanni Lanfranco where Brandi befriended Mattia Preti.
 ZEPHYR born Andrew Witten is a graffiti artist lecturer and author from New York City. He began creating graffiti in 1975 and first signed using the name Zephyr in 1977. He has been identified as a graffiti elder who along with Futura 2000 Blade PHASE 2 CASH Lady Pink and TAKI 183 invented styles and standards that continue to be used and expanded upon today.
 Michael Gordon Mike Oldfield (born 15 May 1953) is an English musician and composer whose work blends progressive rock with world folk classical electronic ambient New Age. It is often elaborate and complex in nature. He is best known for his 1973 album Tubular Bells – which launched Virgin Records and became a hit after its opening was used as the theme for the film The Exorcist – and for his 1983 hit single Moonlight Shadow.
 Hisaye Yamamoto (August 23 1921 – January 30 2011) was a Japanese American author. She is best known for the short story collection Seventeen Syllables and Other Stories first published in 1988. Her work confronts issues of the Japanese immigrant experience in America the disconnect between first and second generation immigrants as well as the difficult role of women in society.
 Rafael Raffy Nico Cortina Jr. (born June 22 1991) is an American director writer and producer. He won the 2013 Student Academy Award from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for his thesis film Bottled Up.Cortina is a native of Spanish Harlem New York City. He entered Occidental College in 2009 and studied Media Arts & Culture. He co-created the college's first student-run television station CatAList TV premiering in April 2010.
 Kang Full (or Kang Pool Hangul: 강풀) is the pen name of Kang Do-young (born December 7 1974) a South Korean webcomic artist.Regarded as a first generation webcomic artist Kang had no formal teaching in either writing or drawing comics. His interest stemmed from painting wall posters for the student body at Sangji University turning them into eye-catching comics in order to attract attention.
 Azhar Ali Abidi (born 6 February 1968 in Wah Pakistan) is a Pakistani Australian author and translator. He went to school in Pakistan and later studied electrical engineering at the Imperial College London and Masters of Business Administration at the University of Melbourne. He migrated to Australia in 1994 and lives in Melbourne Australia.
 Johnnie Johnson (July 8 1924 – April 13 2005) was an American pianist and blues musician. His work with Chuck Berry led to his induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
 Andrew Johnston (born 23 September 1994) is a British singer who rose to fame when he appeared as a boy soprano on the second series of the British television talent show Britain's Got Talent in 2008. Although he did not win the series he received a contract to record on the SyCo Music label owned by the Britain's Got Talent judge Simon Cowell. Johnston's debut album One Voice was released in September of the same year and reached number four on the British album charts.
 Mildred Lewis Miss Millie Rutherford (July 16 1851 – August 15 1928) was a prominent educator and author from Athens Georgia. She served the Lucy Cobb Institute as its head and in other capacities for over forty years and oversaw the addition of the Seney-Stovall Chapel to the school.
 Radney Foster (born July 20 1959 Del Rio Texas United States) is an American singer-songwriter and music producer. Initially a songwriter in Nashville Tennessee Foster made his recording debut as part of the Foster & Lloyd duo recording three studio albums and with nine singles on the country charts.Foster began his solo career in 1992 and his album Del Rio TX 1959 produced four consecutive Top 40 hits.
 Gary Nicholson is an American singer-songwriter and record producer known mainly for his work in country music.
 Lawson Rollins is an American guitarist and composer from North Carolina noted for his virtuoso fingerstyle technique and melodic compositional skills featured in his recordings. His music spans a wide range of genres but is generally classed as Latin Jazz and World Music with elements of Samba Bossanova Middle Eastern music Classical guitar Flamenco and Shred guitar added to the mix.
 Constantin Brâncuși (Romanian: [konstanˈtin brɨŋˈkuʃʲ]; February 19 1876 – March 16 1957) was a Romanian sculptor who made his career in France. As a child he displayed an aptitude for carving wooden farm tools. Formal studies took him first to Bucharest then to Munich then to the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris. His art emphasizes clean geometrical lines that balance forms inherent in his materials with the symbolic allusions of representational art.
 Admiral Bailey (born Glendon Bailey Kingston Jamaica) is a Jamaican dancehall deejay who enjoyed his greatest success between the mid-1980s and the early 1990s. He now lives in Jamaica. He has been described as the hottest dancehall star of the late 1980s.
 Charlie Biddle CM otherwise known as Charles Reed Biddle (July 28 1926 – February 4 2003) was a Canadian jazz bassist.
 Margaret Iris Duley (September 27 1894 – March 22 1968) was arguably Newfoundland's first novelist of either sex and certainly the first to gain an international audience. She was born in pre-Confederation Newfoundland. Her four novels combine a deep sense of geography and place and especially of the sea which gave and took away.
 Salomon Isacovici (1924 in Sighetu Marmaţiei Romania – 1998) was a Jewish Holocaust survivor who became a writer and businessman in Ecuador. Born in Romania he moved to Ecuador following World War II and co-authored with Juan Manuel Rodriguez the book Man of Ashes.
 Ma Jian (simplified Chinese: 马建; traditional Chinese: 馬建; pinyin: Mǎ Jiàn; Wade–Giles: Ma Chien; born 18 August 1953) is a Chinese writer.
 Rajendra Prasanna Urdu: راجندر پرسننا‎; born 15 April 1956) is an exponent of Bansuri (Indian Flute) and Shehnai of India.
 George Ferebee (or Feribye Ferrabee etc.) (floruit 1613) was an English composer.The son of a Gloucestershire yeoman Ferebee was born about 1573 and matriculated at Oxford on 25 October 1589 aged 16 (Clark). He was a chorister of Magdalen College until 1591. He was admitted B.A. 1592 licensed to be M.A. 9 July 1595 and became vicar of Bishop's Cannings Wiltshire.
 Heiko Schramm (born 8 June 1971 in Dresden Germany) is a German musician and singer/songwriter (bass guitar double bass and guitar).
 Carl Ewald (1856 Schleswig - 1908) was a Danish novelist.
 Micha Cárdenas is a transgender performance and new media artist. She works in social practice wearable electronics and intersectional analysis. She currently lives and works in Los Angeles.
 Peter Mieg (September 5 1906 – December 7 1990) was a Swiss composer painter and journalist.
 Roy 'Chubby' Brown (born Royston Vasey 3 February 1945) is an English stand-up comedian famous for his sarcastic blue humour. The controversial nature of his act means he rarely appears on major television channels and Brown has attracted accusations that his comedy style is outdated whilst also being described as the most important comedian of the past 25 years.
 Devon Sproule (born 23 April 1982 in Kingston Ontario) is a musician based for many years in Charlottesville Virginia. She married musician and singer-songwriter Paul Curreri in 2005. She shared the prestigious ASCAP Foundation Sammy Cahn Award for 2009 with Oren Lavie. She and her husband moved to Berlin Germany in September 2011. In the spring of 2012 they moved to Austin Texas.
 Mick Harris (born Michael John Harris October 1967) commonly known and credited both as Mick Harris or occasionally M.J. Harris is an English musician.Harris was born in Birmingham and started out in the 1980s as a drummer working with various punk rock and grindcore bands (most notably pioneering grindcore band Napalm Death); as a drummer he is generally credited with popularising the blast beat which has since become a key component of much of extreme metal and grindcore.
 Farryl Purkiss is a South African-born singer-songwriter. Farryl first picked up the guitar when he was fifteen years old and began writing songs shortly after his sixteenth birthday. He self-released an EP in 2005 (Chapter One) that created waves in his home town of Durban and later that year he began talks with 2Feet Music.
 Malcolm Papa Mali Welbourne (born May 6 1957) is an American record producer guitarist singer and songwriter who grew up in Shreveport Louisiana United States and lives in New Orleans Louisiana United States.His debut recording Thunder Chicken produced by Dan Prothero has been referred to as one of the few truly wild and unruly records to come from the rock & roll tradition in the 21st century.
 Laurence Anholt (born 4 August 1959) is a UK-based author/illustrator of more than 100 children’s books published in over 40 languages and notable for their upbeat and humorous approach to important issues for young children. Titles are often based on his own family experience and are typified by a quirky hand drawn pen and watercolour style.
 Amy Hennig (born 1964/65) is a video game director and script writer formerly for the video game company Naughty Dog. She began her work in the industry on the Nintendo Entertainment System with her design debut on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System game Michael Jordan: Chaos in the Windy City. She later went to work for Crystal Dynamics working primarily on the Legacy of Kain series.
 Maura Davis was the lead singer of the American indie rock band Denali from Richmond Virginia United States active from 2000 to 2004 (with brief reappearances in 2008). She also fronted the alternative group Ambulette formerly known as Bella Lea who released an EP on Astralwerks in 2005 and broke up in 2007 before releasing a first full-length album.Davis is noted for her soaring vocals and minimalist lyrics.
 Toni Weisskopf (born December 12 1965) is an American science fiction editor and the publisher of Baen Books.Weisskopf is an alumna of Oberlin College from which she graduated in 1987. She was immediately employed by Baen Books where she served as executive editor up until the death of founder Jim Baen in 2006 at which point she took over as publisher.She has edited a number of their anthologies under the name T.K.F.
 Ruth Vollmer (1903 - 1982 New York) was a German artist born in Munich. She moved to New York in 1935 and had her first and only solo exhibition in 1960.
 Ardashes Der-Khachadourian (Armenian: Արտաշէս Տէր Խաչատուրեան) - Armenian diasporan linguist bibliographer philologist historian periodicals and book collector lexicographer grammarist and editor.
 Robert Marshall Utley (born October 31 1929) is an American author and historian who has written sixteen books on the history of the American West. He is a former chief historian for the National Park Service.The Western History Association annually gives out the Robert M. Utley Book Award for the best book published on the military history of the frontier and western North America (including Mexico and Canada) from prehistory through the 20th century.
 Gopal Singh Nepali (1926–1963) was an eminent poet of Hindi literature and a famous lyricist of Bollywood. His association with Bollywood spanned around two decades beginning in 1944 and ended with his death in 1963. He was a poet of post-Chhayavaad period and he wrote several collections of Hindi poems including Umang (published in 1933).
 Todd N. Terry (born April 18 1967) is an American DJ producer and remixer.
 Sarah Aroeste is a Manhattan-based Jewish Ladino musician. Her music is often referred to as “feminist Ladino rock.”
 Margie Evans (born July 17 1940) is an American blues singer and songwriter. She recorded mainly in the 1970s and 1980s and secured two hit singles on the US Billboard R&B chart. She has variously worked with Johnny Otis and Bobby Bland.Her main influences were Bessie Smith Ma Rainey Big Maybelle and Big Mama Thornton.In addition to her musicianship Evans is noted as a motivational speaker and rights activist as well as a promoter of the legacy of blues music.
 Jimmy McLoud (born November 24 1984) is a singer-songwriter from Youngstown OH. He is best known as the lead vocalist guitarist and primary songwriter for Mercy Rising a regionally-touring group he co-founded in 2004.Jimmy became known in the Youngstown local music scene late in 2007 when his original song Wasting Time received airplay on a Youngstown music podcast. He began booking shows locally to promote his first solo EP The Rooftop Sessions.
 José Luis González (March 8 1926 – December 8 1996) was a Puerto Rican essayist novelist short story writer university professor and journalist who lived most of his life in exile in Mexico due to his pro-independence political views. He is considered to be one of the most important Puerto Rican authors of the 20th century particularly for his book Puerto Rico: The Four-Storeyed Country and Other Essays which was first published in Spanish in 1980.
 Matthew Matt Chow Hoi-Kwong (Chinese: 鄒凱光) is a Hong Kong screenwriter director actor and producer. He is best known for his romantic comedy films and has served as a screenwriter for filmmakers Peter Chan Johnnie To Wai Ka-Fai and Joe Ma.
 John Jack Miller is a novelist originally from Newberry Michigan.
 Vasile Cârlova (February 4 1809 – September 18 1831) was a Wallachian officer and early Romantic poet.
 Habib Wali Mohammad (Urdu: حبیب ولی محمد‎) (born 1921) is a Pakistani ghazal singer.
 Jim Whitely is a musician who in the late 1980s played bass guitar in several Birmingham-based hardcore and grindcore bands most notably Napalm Death.
 Klementyna Hoffmanowa born Tańska (23 November 1798 – 21 September 1845) was a Polish popular literary writer translator editor and one of Poland's first writers of children's literature. She co-organized and chaired the Patriotic Charity Association. She was the first woman in Poland to support herself from writing and teaching and considered herself primarily a writer.
 Aisha Muharrar (born March 12 1984) is an American television writer and author of the book More Than a Label . She is a writer for NBC's Parks and Recreation created by Greg Daniels and Mike Schur. Previously she was a staff writer for Fox's animated comedy Sit Down Shut Up created by Mitch Hurwitz. She graduated from Harvard College with a degree in English and American Literature and Language and was the Vice President of the Harvard Lampoon humor magazine.
 Ida Applebroog (born November 11 1929) is an American painter. Her work is included in many public collections in the United States. During the decade of the 1990s she received multiple honors including the MacArthur Fellowship Genius Grant the College Art Association Distinguished Art Award for Lifetime Achievement an Honorary Doctorate of Fine Arts New School for Social Research/Parsons School of Design.
 Östen Warnerbring (November 22 1934 – January 18 2006) was a Swedish singer musician composer and lyrics writer who mastered several musical genres. He started out as a jazz musician but over the years he had huge successes both in the area of popular music and as a singer of Swedish poetry put into music by himself.
 Megan Amram (born September 3 1987) is an American comedian and writer. She became well known after 2010 through her Twitter account ( @MeganAmram ) where she posts one-liners that make use of subtle word play absurdism and dark humor. She was a staff writer for the Disney Channel television sitcom A.N.T. Farm and currently writes for NBC's Parks and Recreation. Amram grew up in Portland Oregon and attended Catlin Gabel School.
 R. H. Quaytman is a contemporary artist best known for paintings on wood panels using abstract and photographic elements in site-specific Chapters now numbering twenty-five. Each Chapter is guided by architectural historical and social characteristics of the original site. Since 2008 her work has been collected by a number of modern art museums. She is also an educator and author and is based in New York City.
 Paul Celan (23 November 1920 – c. 20 April 1970) was a Romanian poet and translator. He was born as Paul Antschel into a Jewish family in the former Kingdom of Romania (now Ukraine) and changed his name to Paul Celan (where Celan in Romanian would be pronounced Chelàn and was derived from Ancel pronounced Antshel) becoming one of the major German-language poets of the post-World War II era.
 Lew Brown (December 10 1893 – February 5 1958) was a lyricist for popular songs in the United States. Brown was born as Louis Brownstein in Odessa Russian Empire. His family emigrated to the United States in 1898 and settled in The Bronx of New York City. Brown wrote lyrics for many of the top Tin Pan Alley songwriters of the day including Albert Von Tilzer Con Conrad and Harold Arlen.
 Viktor Vladimirovich Khlebnikov better known by the pen name Velimir Khlebnikov (Russian: Велими́р Хле́бников IPA: [vʲɪlʲɪˈmʲir ˈxlʲebnʲɪkəf]; 9 November [O.S. 28 October] 1885 – 28 June 1922) was a poet and playwright a central part of the Russian Futurist movement but his work and influence stretch far beyond it.
 Frank Vaganée (born 19 March 1966 in Mechelen) is a Belgian jazz saxophonist and composer. He has his own trio with Philippe Aerts recently replaced by Rosario Bonnacorso on the double bass and Dré Pallemaerts on drums. He is co-leader of the Frank Vaganée/Mike Del Ferro Quartet and also is the artistic leader of the Brussels Jazz Orchestra. He won the Belgian Golden Django award for best artist in 2001.
 Henri Biva (23 January 1848 – 2 February 1929) was a French artist known for his landscape paintings and still lifes. He focused primarily on the western suburbs of Paris painting outdoors in the plein-air tradition; his style ranging between Post-Impressionism and Realism with a strong Naturalist component. Biva's pictures are characterized by intricate strokes and a pure palette bathed with warm natural light (Biva devoted great attention to light effects).
 Daniel St. Pierre (aka Dan St. Pierre) is an American film director art director production designer actor animation artist and musician. For his work in bring the Deep Canvas technique to the Disney film Tarzan (1999) he received a 1999 Annie Award nomination for Outstanding Individual Achievement for Production Design in an Animated Feature Production.
 Percy Howard Newby CBE (25 June 1918 – 6 September 1997) was an English novelist and broadcasting administrator. He was the first winner of the Booker Prize his novel Something to Answer For having received the inaugural award in 1969.
 Léo Staats (born 1877 died 1952) was a French dancer choreographer and director.
 Sanzi (simplified Chinese: 散子) born in 1965 in Yangzhou Jiangsu with the name Wang Xiaolong is a widely recognized contemporary Chinese painter and designer. Known for his mastery of deploying a combination of techniques including Western painting traditional Chinese ink painting metal and wood work.Heavily influenced by Taoism he often signs his works with “Sanzi” (散子) which has the metaphysical meaning of “floating” “freedom” and “humility”.
 Michel Choquette is a French Canadian from Montreal a humorist who has written for print for television and for film and a comedian who has performed for television.
 James Euringer (born September 7 1969) known professionally as Jimmy Urine is the lead singer and programmer of American band Mindless Self Indulgence.
 Ebel Perrelli is a Brazilian composer and musician. Considered one of the best drummers in Recife Pernambuco Brazil he has already played with many famous artists of that state such as Lenine and Naná Vasconcelos and from abroad such as Chuck Silverman Manu Katché and Jonathan Mover. He was also a member of instrumental groups such as Mallavoodoo BPM Trio and Mandinga. Actually he is a member of the band Cascabulho.
 Sayaka Ganz is a Japanese sculptor. She was born in Yokohama Japan and grew up living in Japan Brazil and Hong Kong. Ganz identifies a strong Japanese influence in her work even though she grew up in several different countries. During her BFA studies at Indiana University Bloomington she explored various media from ceramics to printmaking before determining sculpture and welding as her expressive vehicles of choice.
 Shana (born Shana Petrone May 8 1972 Park Ridge Illinois) was raised in Fort Lauderdale Florida and is an American singer of Freestyle music dance music and country music.Shana released an album in 1989 entitled I Want You on Vision Records which peaked at No. 165 on the Billboard Top 200. The album yielded two U.S. hit singles in 1990 I Want You (Billboard Hot 100 peak No. 40) and You Can't Get Away (Hot 100 peak No.
 Mark Melloan (pronounced Malone /məˈloʊn/) (born February 18 1981) is an American singer songwriter and guitarist.
 Ulrich Roth (born 18 December 1954) more commonly known as Uli Jon Roth is a Germanguitarist and one of the earliest contributors to the neo-classical metal genre. He is also the founder of Sky Academy and inventor of the Sky Guitar. He is the older brother of fellow guitarist and artist Zeno Roth.
 Ernst Eckstein (6 February 1845 Giessen Grand Duchy of Hesse –18 November 1900) was a German humorist novelist and poet.
 Arthur Riscoe (1895–1954) was a British film actor.
 Ryland David-Burton Steen (a.k.a. The Rabbit or Xylophone) (born August 31 1980) is the current drummer of the California-USA-based ska punk band Reel Big Fish.Reel Big Fish first met Steen at an Ernie Ball Battle of the Bands when he was playing with his Nebraska-born band Square. Reel Big Fish was judging the competition and gave him and his band a perfect score. Ryland's band won the contest and the $35000 prize.
 Lech Janerka (born 2 May 1953 in Wrocław Poland) is a Polish songwriter vocalist and bassist. In the 1980s he was leader of a notable Polish post-punk/new wave band called Klaus Mitffoch based in Wrocław.
 Claudia Vecchiarelli (11.7.1978 - 17.9.2009) is a contemporary Italian-German naive painter whose favourite subjects are Italian landscapes (especially those of Tuscany and Umbria).Claudia Vecchiarelli was born in Schwabmünchen Germany. She began painting in 1998 and later made a significant contribution to the new wave of naive art paintings Fantanaive painting. Her works were exhibited in many individual and collective exhibitions.
 Wolfgang Flür (born 17 July 1947) is a German musician best known as a member of the electronic group Kraftwerk from 1973 to 1987 playing electronic percussion. Flür claims that he also invented the group's electric drums used throughout the 1970s. However patent records dispute this citing Florian Schneider and Ralf Hütter as the creators.
 Betsy Reilly Lewin is an American illustrator from Clearfield Pennsylvania. She studied illustration at Pratt Institute. After graduation she began designing business cards. She began writing and illustrating stories for children's magazines and eventually children's books. She is married to children's book illustrator Ted Lewin and with him has co-written and illustrated several books about their travels to remote places including Uganda in Gorilla Walk and Mongolia in Horse Song.
 Charlie Winston (born Charlie Winston Gleave 14 September 1978 Cornwall) is an English singer-songwriter. Winston has had his most significant commercial success in France where he is now based.
 Lester Abrams (born 1945) is a singer songwriter musician and producer who has played with such artists as B.B. King Stevie Wonder Peabo Bryson Quincy Jones Manfred Mann Brian Auger The Average White Band The Doobie Brothers Rufus and many others. Two of his co-compositions appeared on the Grammy Award winning album Minute by Minute. He has also composed songs for film and television; two of his works can be heard in the Oliver Stone-produced movie South Central.
 Leo Ku Kui-Kei is a Hong Kong Cantopop and Mandopop singer actor TV host model cartoonist MV director and producer and designer a major figure in popular music culture. Ku was selected the Ten Outstanding Young Persons of Hong Kong in 2005 by the Government of Hong Kong. He is one of the few Cantopop artists who employ the use of falsetto (假音) - Because of this many people including David Tao have praised this unique talent.
 Sam McCandless is an American musician producer and artist.
 Chris Barth is an American Singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist originally from Indianapolis IN. He is best known for his work as principal songwriter and lead vocalist of the band The Impossible Shapes as well as his solo work under his own name and the alias Normanoak. He was also a member of the soul/punk band John Wilkes Booze.
 Tania Davis is the first violinist of the British/Australian classical crossover string quartet bond. Originally the violist of the quartet she became the first violinist of the group in 2008 when its original first violinist Haylie Ecker left the group. Elspeth Hanson subsequently joined the group in 2008 as the violist.
 Alan Roderick Haig-Brown (born 1941) is a Canadian novelist and non-fiction writer. He specializes in commercial marine and commercial fishing writing and photography.He is a regular contributor to a number of marine publications including Professional Mariner magazine where many of his articles are archived.He lives in New Westminster British Columbia and Bangkok Thailand.He is the son of writer Roderick Haig-Brown and the father of film maker Helen Haig-Brown.
 Matthew Barlow (born 10 March 1970 in Biloxi Mississippi U.S.) is an American heavy metal singer and police officer. He is the lead singer for Ashes Of Ares and former of Iced Earth and Pyramaze. He is Jon Schaffer's brother-in-law.
 Michael Stuart Moore (born May 5 1974 in Cookeville Tennessee) is an American writer director producer and comic book writer.
 David Frank Andrews (born 20 May 1951) is an Australian Christian anarchist author speaker social activist community worker and a key figure in the Waiter's Union an inner city Christian community network working with Aboriginals refugees and people with disabilities in Brisbane Australia.
 Maria Antonietta Beluzzi (26 July 1930 – 9 August 1997) was an Italian born actress who appeared in a number of films in her native country. She is probably best known and remembered as the large as well as huge-breasted tobacconist in Federico Fellini's Amarcord whose sexual arousal by the male teenager protagonist ends with ironic results.
 Harold Louis Humes Jr. (April 11 1926 - September 10 1992) was known as HL Humes in his books and usually as Doc Humes in life. He was the originator of The Paris Review literary magazine author of two novels in the late 1950s and a gregarious fixture of the cultural scene in Paris London and New York in the 1950s and early 1960s.
 Royall Tyler (born 1936) is a scholar and translator of Japanese literature. A descendant of the American playwright Royall Tyler (1757–1826) he was born in London England grew up in America and during his high school years France. He has a B.A. in Far Eastern Languages from Harvard University and a Ph.D. in Japanese literature from Columbia University. Between 1990 and retirement in 2000 he taught at the Australian National University in Canberra.
 Bob Byrne is a comics writer artist and independent publisher based in Dublin Ireland.
 Andrea Perego is an Italo-Australian journalist and writer. After spending a few years in Sydney he is working on projects in Venice. In Australia he worked as a broadcaster for SBS Radio doing reports that had wide resonance such as the one about the murder of two Swiss Guards in the Vatican.In Italy he has worked for Filippi Editore as the curator of a book series of Venetian subjects.
 Kenneth Andrew Walton (born 23 November 1967) is an American software developer and author of the memoir Fake: Forgery Lies & eBay which details his time spent selling forged art on the online auction site eBay.
 Michael Harris (1933-1994) was an English glassworker. With his wife Elizabeth he set up Mdina Glass on the island of Malta in 1968. They left Malta in 1972 and founded their Isle of Wight Studio. In 1989 they started Gozo Glass on Gozo an island near Malta a business still operating today.
 Ryan Peters is a Canadian singer-songwriter who lived in Kelowna British Columbia in his youth and now bases his career from Vancouver. Ryan Peters is the drummer in Ladyhawk and also contributes to the vocals and lyrics. Peters was one of the original members of the Vancouver incarnation of Jon-Rae and the River and also was part of the band Alpha BMX. He partnered up with bandmate Darcy Hancock in a side-project called Sports. Peters also tours with Lightning Dust.
 Leon McAuliffe (January 3 1917 – August 20 1988) born William Leon McAuliffe was an American Western swing musician from Houston Texas. He is famous for his steel guitar solos with Bob Wills and The Texas Playboys inspiring Wills's phrase Take it away Leon.
 David Karp (born 1958) is an active pomologist traveler and writer who calls himself a Fruit detective.David is the son of Harvey Karp an businessman whose East Hampton home was reputed to be a palace. He was fluent in Latin when he graduated from high school.
 Dana Nălbaru (born 23 October 1976) is a Romanian singer songwriter and musician.Widely known as former HI-Q band member Dana Nălbaru started her solo music career in 2004 with her first music album Zbor.She currently resides in Bucharest Romania together with her husband Romanian actor Dragoş Bucur and their daughter Sofia born in 2007.It was announced in late October 2010 that she returned to the band without quitting solo career.
 Thomas King CM (born 24 April 1943) is a noted American-Canadian novelist and broadcaster who most often writes about North America's First Nations. He is an advocate for First Nations causes. He is of Cherokee and Greek/German-American descent. In 2003 King was invited to give the Massey Lecture in Canada the first person of aboriginal descent to be chosen. He has dual United States-Canadian citizenship.
 Pete Wells is as of 2014 the restaurant critic for the New York Times. He was appointed to the position in November 2011 succeeding Sam Sifton.From 1999–2001 Wells was a columnist and editor for Food & Wine. Wells was articles editors at Details from 2001 until 2006 when he joined the Times as dining editor.
 Bob Florence (May 20 1932 – May 15 2008) was an American jazz arranger and pianist.
 Chino Rodriguez (New York City 2 February 1954) is an American music producer band leader musician manager booking agent record company executive business consultant and record label owner specializing in Latin music most notably Salsa and Latin jazz. He is widely recognized as a major impresario in the Latin music industry.Chino was born James Mui in New York City on February 2 1954 in the Little Italy / Chinatown area of Manhattan to a Chinese father (Chueng Mui) who obtained U.S.
 Richard Hillert was a noted Lutheran composer. He was Distinguished Professor of Music Emeritus at Concordia University Chicago River Forest Ill. He was best known for his work as a composer and teacher of composition.
 Konrad Conny Plank (May 3 1940 – December 18 1987) was a German record producer and musician. He was born in Hütschenhausen. His creativity as a sound engineer and producer helped to shape many innovative recordings of postwar European popular music covering a wide range of genres including progressive avant-garde electronic music and krautrock.
 Olga Dmitryevna Forsh (Russian: О́льга Дми́триевна Форш) née Komarova (Russian: Комаро́ва) (May 28 [O.S. May 16] 1873 – July 17 1961) was a Russian/Soviet novelist dramatist memoirist and scenarist.
 Nahuel Schajris Rodríguez (born July 19 1974 in Buenos Aires Argentina) is a naturalized Mexican singer-songwriter and pianist based in Mexico who experienced chart-topping success as part of the duo Sin Bandera until he and fellow singer-songwriter Leonel García concluded their partnership in 2007.
 Patrick Tibertius Maximus Denipitiya (11 August 1934 – 23 March 2013) was possibly one of the most well-regarded musicians in Sri Lankan music history.He introduced the electric Hawaiian guitar into Sri Lankan music[citation needed] and was responsible for the musical composition arrangements music direction and performance of many Sinhala songs and films from the early-1950s to 1997.
 Michael Chow Man-Kin (周文健) is a Canada-born Hong Kong-based actor.
 Sarah Macdonald is an Australian journalist author and radio presenter.After completing a cadetship at ABC NewsRadio Macdonald worked as Triple J's political correspondent in Canberra later hosting its morning show.
 Kyosuke Himuro (氷室 京介 Himuro Kyōsuke born October 7 1960 in Takasaki Gunma Japan) is a Japanese singer-songwriter. He was a member of the rock group Boøwy from 1981 to 1988. After the group disbanded he started a successful solo career becoming one of Japan's best-selling artists. In 2003 HMV Japan ranked Himuro at number 76 on their list of the 100 most important Japanese pop acts.
 Dorrie Nossiter (29 June 1893 – 1977) was an English jeweller and jewellery designer from Aston near Birmingham.Nossiter crafted precious jewellery of her own designs in the English Arts and Crafts Tradition in both sterling silver and gold. Her work is known for her use of colour and floral and curvature lines using gemstones in motifs.Nossiter was educated at the Municipal School of Art in Birmingham from 1910 to 1914. Nossiter married Ernest Guy Robinson in 1922.
 Ahmed Ismail Hussein (Somali: Axmed Ismaaciil Xudeydi) is a Somali-British commonly known as Hudeydi is considered one of the most popular Somali musicians of all time.[citation needed] He is also known as 'The King'.[citation needed]
 Jean-Baptiste-Théodore-Marie Botrel (14 September 1868 – 28 July 1925) was a French singer-songwriter poet and playwright. He is best known for his popular songs about his native Brittany of which the most famous is La Paimpolaise. During World War I he became France's official Bard of the Armies.
 Neal Casal (born November 2 1968 Denville New Jersey) is an American guitarst singer songwriter and photographer. He is best known as a member of Ryan Adams' backing band the Cardinals with whom he recorded three studio albums and of whom he was a member from 2005 until 2009.
 Pandit Makhanlal Chaturvedi (April 4 1889 – January 30 1968) also called Panditji was an Indian poet writer essayist playwright and a journalist who is particularly remembered for his participation in India's national struggle for independence and his contribution to Chhayavaad the Neo-romanticism movement of Hindi literature. He was awarded the first Sahitya Akademi Award in Hindi for his work Him Taringini in 1955.
 Mícheál Breathnach (1881–1908) was an Irish writer.Born at Cois Fhairrge Connemara. Worked for some time as a Secretary of the London Branch of the Gaelic League. He later worked as headmaster of the Connaught College in Tuar Mhic Éadaigh County Mayo. He spent time in Switzerland for the sake of improving his health his accounts of the country been published in An Claidheamh Soluis and later published as Seilig i measg na nAlp. He translated Charles Kickham's novel Knocknagow into Irish.
 Giorgio Cavazzano (born October 19 1947) is an Italian comic strip artist. Cavazzano was born in Venice. He started his career at age 14 as an inker for Romano Scarpa. He produced stories about Disney characters Mickey Mouse Donald Duck Scrooge McDuck and others.Cavazzano's work is known for combining the traditional rubbery appearance of Disney characters with realistic illustration of technological gadgets and machinery.
 Jonathan Singleton is an American country music singer and songwriter. He is known for co-writing the songs Don't by Billy Currington Watching Airplanes by Gary Allan Red Light and Let It Rain by David Nail and Why Don't We Just Dance by Josh Turner.
 Ove Alexander Billington (born 10 August 1979) is a Norwegian jazz pianist and composer known as Band leader within his own Billington Trio and for his participation in bands like «Independent Jazz Orchestra» «Speak Low» Mads Berven Quartet and «Kjellerbandet».
 Andrew Whitey White (born 28 August 1974) is the lead and rhythm guitarist of the English alternative rock band Kaiser Chiefs.
 Shirome (白女) was a minor female Japanese waka poet who lived during the 10th century AD.She was born in Eguchi Settsu Province (摂津国江口 modern day Osaka) and thought to be a daughter of a minor aristocrat Settsunokuni Tamabuchi (摂津国玉淵).[citation needed] Her occupation was an asobi/yujo (遊女) which later in history meant a common prostitute however during Heian period (794-1185) it often referred to a woman who was trained in the art of singing and dancing - similar to the latter day Geisha.
 Oscar Tschirky (1866 in La Chaux-de-Fonds Switzerland – November 6 1950 in New Paltz New York USA) was maître d'hôtel of Delmonico's Restaurant and subsequently the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in Manhattan New York United States. He was widely known as Oscar of the Waldorf and published a large cookbook.
 Stephen John Brown (born August 16 1948) is a Canadian composer. He holds ARCT Diplomas in both Theory and Composition from the Royal Conservatory of Music and is an Associate of the Canadian Music Centre. Brown is Department Head of Theory and Composition at the Victoria Conservatory of Music British Columbia and an examination designer and syllabus design consultant for the Royal Conservatory of Music of Toronto.
 Ken Danby CM OOnt (March 6 1940 – September 23 2007) was a Canadian painter in the realist style.
 Luis Ángel Sánchez Pereiro alias Lois Pereiro (born Monforte de Lemos February 16 1958-died A Coruña May 24 1996) was a Galician poet and writer.Galician Literature Day was dedicated to him in 2011.
 Mary J. Ruwart PhD (born October 16 1949) is a research scientist and libertarian speaker writer and activist. She was a leading candidate for the 2008 Libertarian Party presidential nomination and is the author of the award-winning international bestseller Healing Our World.
 William Montgomery McGovern (September 28 1897 – December 12 1964) was an American adventurer Northwestern University professor anthropologist and journalist. He was possibly an inspiration for the character of Indiana Jones.McGovern's life may be more incredible than the fictional character he spawned.
 Medardo Ángel Silva (June 8 1898 – June 10 1919) was a renowend Ecuadorian poet and a member of the Generación decapitada.The Generación Decapitada (Decapitated Generation) was a literary group formed by four young Ecuadorian poets in the first decades of the 20th century. Two men from Guayaquil Medardo Ángel Silva and Ernesto Noboa y Caamaño and two men from Quito Arturo Borja and Humberto Fierro were the precursors of modernismo in Ecuador.
 Michael Tse Tin-wah (born (1967-07-15)15 July 1967) is a Hong Kong TVB actor.
 Jackie Daly (Kanturk (North Cork Ireland) 1945) is an Irish button accordion and concertina player. He has been a member of a number of prominent Irish traditional-music bands including De Dannan Patrick Street Arcady and Buttons & Bows.
 Edward Osmund Bland (July 25 1926–March 14 2013) was an American composer and musical director.
 Shariann Lewitt (born 1954) is an American author specializing in science fiction. She is currently a lecturer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
 Kevin Kash is a Brooklyn-born actor who has appeared in various film television and theater roles.
 Giacomo Patri (1898–1978) was an Italian-born American artist and teacher.Based in San Francisco Patri taught at the California Labor School following World War II. Due to its pro-labor agenda the school was closed in the 1950s under the pressures of McCarthyism.In 1938 after three years of work Patri produced the wordless novel White Collar using linocut printing. It chronicled the aftermath of the 1929 stock market crash and was intended to motivate white-collar workers to unionize.
 Melanie Fiona Hallim (born July 4 1983) known professionally as Melanie Fiona is a Canadian R&B recording artist. She was born and raised in Toronto. She started her career in 2002 as part of a Canadian musical girl band trio X-Quisite that was nominated for R&B/Soul Recording of the Year for the band's album X-Quisite.
 Amal Hijazi (Arabic: أمل حجازى‎) is a Lebanese singer model and pop icon. She is one of the most active Lebanese singers and has given a number of concerts throughout the world and has made countless TV appearances. After her lengthy career as a fashion model Hijazi released her debut album Akher Gharam in 2001 to commercial success. It became one of the biggest selling albums of the year ranking on number eight Official Sales charts published by the Chart Magazine.
 Andrew Seow (Ace) (Chinese: 肖乙铭; pinyin: Xiāo Yǐmíng) is a Singaporean actor celebrity model and media personality.Seow was a model in Singapore and Asia before becoming an actor on local television. He is best known for his role as the eldest son in the family drama series Growing Up on MediaCorp TV Channel 5 earning him the Best Newcomer in the annual Asian Television Awards.
 Jean-Jacques de Boissieu (Lyon November 30 1736 – March 1 1810 Lyon) was a French draughtsman etcher and engraverBoissieu was born at Lyon and studied at the École Gratuite de Dessin in his home town but was mostly self-taught.
 Tawfiq al-Hakim or Tawfik el-Hakim (October 9 1898 – July 26 1987) (Arabic: توفيق الحكيم‎ Tawfīq al-Ḥakīm) was a prominent Egyptian writer. He is one of the pioneers of the Arabic novel and drama. He was born in Alexandria Egypt the son of an Egyptian wealthy judge and a Turkish mother.
 Ryohei Yamamoto (山本 領平 Yamamoto Ryōhei) born December 30 1974 in Kyoto) is a Japanese R&B singer also known as just Ryohei. He debuted as 山本領平 (written in kanji) under Warner Music Japan on 2003 with single Almost There. Prior to that on November 2002 he was featured on a track Why Not? by Fantastic Plastic Machine. In 2006 he shortened his name to just Ryohei (written in Roman letters) and transferred to the label Rhythm Zone.
 Catharine Parr Traill born Strickland (9 January 1802 – 29 August 1899) was an English-Canadian author and naturalist who wrote about life as a settler in Canada.
 Eleanor (b. Eleanor Acedemia on August 13 1958 in Los Angeles California) is a dance music singer and producer. Her one and only chart appearance occurred in 1988 when her song Adventure went to number one on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart in the U.S.
 Garlieb Helwig Merkel (1 November [O.S. 21 October] 1769 in Lēdurga Volmar County – 9 May [O.S. 27 April] 1850 in Riga) was a Baltic German writer and activist and an early Estophile and Lettophile.Merkel was born into the family of a rural priest in Livonia. From the age of 17 he worked as a tutor for upper-class families. In 1790 he joined the circle of Riga intellectuals.
 Mark Marku (born 6 December 1991) is an Albanian singer. He rose to fame after taking part in the third season of Hrvatska traži zvijezdu where he finished third overall. After his appearance on the show he released his music both in Croatian and Albanian.
 Mato Lovrak (8 March 1899 - 14 March 1974) was Croatian writer for children.
 Marcelo Birmajer (born on November 29 1966 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine Jewish author. The grandson of Romanian Polish Lithuanian and Syrian immigrants. Best known for writing the script for the 2004 film El abrazo partido. Birmajer's work usually revolves around the Porteño neighbourhood of Once and its colorful inhabitants.
 Gerald J Tate (b. 6 February 1954 Belfast) is an Northern Irish Horror writer who is also a time served aircraft engineer.
 Johann Friedrich Klöffler (20 April 1725 – 21 February 1790) was a German conductor composer and administrator. He was one of the earliest to write music for two orchestras.From 1750 to 1789 he worked at Steinfurt occasionally touring throughout Europe and Russia. For the Steinfurt castle concert hall he wrote lots of symphonies some of which include horns with crook changes. The vast majority of Klöffler's chamber music is for flute.
 Adam Agius (born 21 September 1971) is the vocalist guitarist keyboardist and a founding member of the progressive metal band Alchemist. He formed Alchemist in 1987 while still in high school and is the group's only remaining original member. He also was the financial provider director of show day and promoter for Metal for the Brain. His main band Alchemist went on an indefinite hiatus and as a result has started up a new successor project The Levitation Hex.
 Malcolm Welsford is a New Zealand Record Producer and is best known for his work with Shihad The Feelers and Supergroove.
 Francis Emritz Hamabe (aka Frank; 1 August 1917 — 2 March 2002) was a Maine artist of Japanese and Swedish descent.Known best for his screen printing oil painting and Sumi ink drawing he also cartooned including for The New Yorker and The Philadelphia Inquirer and produced murals. He was the first art instructor for the Farnsworth Art Museum and the first art director of Down East The Magazine of Maine.
 See Richard Greenblatt for other people of the same name.Richard Greenblatt (born 1953 in Montreal Quebec) is a Canadian playwright who currently lives in Toronto. He is best known for 2 Pianos 4 Hands which he wrote and performed with Ted Dykstra.Greenblatt was born in Montreal in 1953 to a secular Jewish family. His parents were active Communists until 1956 when they left the party after Khrushchev's Secret Speech.Greenblatt attended Dawson College.
 Serena Ryder (born December 8 1982) is a Canadian musician. Born in Toronto she grew up in Millbrook Ontario. Ryder first gained national recognition with her ballad Weak in the Knees in 2007. An accomplished songwriter and musician she also possesses a three-octave vocal range and is considered a mezzo-soprano. Her timbre has been described as slightly nasal with a raspy lower register.
 Trevor Martin is a British stage and film actor known for playing popular British characters including Doctor Who and Sherlock Holmes.
 Pratik Gosh (Devanāgarī: प्रतिक घोश) is an Indian singer and finalist on Sa Re Ga Ma Pa L'il Champs who attained 10th place. His date of birth is on the 15 October 1997.Pratik Gosh overcome by fame fled India and moved to Australia. He changed his name to Pratik Ghosh and is now living a second life as a student.
 Michael Mike Kelley ( October 27 1954 – c. January 31 2012) was an American artist. His work involved found objects textile banners drawings assemblage collage performance and video. He often worked collaboratively and had produced projects with artists Paul McCarthy Tony Oursler and John Miller.
 Hubert Tully Irish War of Independence victim died 11 May 1921.Hubert Tully was 26 years old and was a native of County Roscommon. He was a Foreman at Galway Railway Station. He was a contact of Sean Broderick. Broderick was the Officer Commanding 4th Battalion Galway Brigade of the Irish Republican Army (IRA) during the Irish War of Independence.He was staying at 35 St Brigids Terrace in a house owned by Thomas Carew and his wife.
 Hiroyuki Onoue (尾上 寛之 Onoue Hiroyuki) born July 16 1985 is a Japanese actor from Osaka Prefecture.
 Calypso Rose born McCartha Linda Sandy-Lewis April 27 1940 in Bethel Tobago is a calypsonian. She began writing songs at the age of 15 turned professional in 1964 and has written over 800 songs and recorded over 20 albums.Rose's father was a leader with the Spiritual Shouter Baptists. Her family was very traditional and opposed her singing in Carnival Tents. She composed her first Calypso in 1955 after seeing a man steal the spectacles off of a lady’s face in the Croisée San Juan.
 Antoine Vialon (1814 – 4 March 1866) was a French draftsman and engraver who became music editor and composer of vocal music later in his life. After playing music of other composers he began writing and playing his own music with fatherly care.
 Dan Sane (September 22 1896 – February 18 1956) was an American Memphis and country blues guitarist and songwriter. He was a working associate of Frank Stokes and according to Allmusic journalist Jason Ankeny they had emerged among the most complementary duos in all of the blues with Sane's flatpicking ideally embellished by Stokes' fluid rhythms. The best known of Sane's penned songs were Downtown Blues and Mr. Crump Don't Like It. His surname was alternatively spelt as 'Sain'.
 Jessica Henduwin McAvoy (born 11 January 1980) is an independent folk pop rock musician who was born and raised in Perth Western Australia. McAvoy has released twelve self-funded and self-produced studio albums on her own label Henduwin Music. She has toured extensively across Australia Europe Canada and the United States. She is currently based in Melbourne Australia.
 Phil Mulloy is a British animator. He was born in Wallasey Merseyside and studied both painting and filmmaking. Mulloy worked as a writer and director of live-action films until the late 1980s before becoming an animator. His animations have been described as satirical grotesque and often portray the dark side of human nature and contemporary social political and religious values in a humorous and at times shocking way.
 Annelies Anne Marie Frank (Dutch pronunciation: [ɑnəˈlis ˈɑnə maˈri frɑŋk] German pronunciation: [anəliːs ˈanə maˈʁiː fʁaŋk] About this sound pronunciation ; 12 June 1929 – early March 1945) is one of the most discussed Jewish victims of the Holocaust. Her wartime diary The Diary of a Young Girl has been the basis for several plays and films. Born in the city of Frankfurt in Weimar Germany she lived most of her life in or near Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
 Dai Henwood (born 1978) is a New Zealand comedian. He is best known for his hosting of several television shows found on C4 but also performs stand up comedy.
 Brian Keenan (born August 23 1982) is a Brooklyn-based songwriter and musician. He was born in Rochester New York where he resided until 2005.He has released albums under his own name and as frontman for the Americana band Proud Simon. He played lead guitar in indie pop outfit Cricket Spin. His debut solo album Today This Year was released in August 1 2011.Today This Year was recorded at Avatar Studios in New York City.
 Gene Pritsker (born 1971) is a Russian-born composer guitarist rapper and record producer living in New York City. He moved to the United States with his family in 1979 and lived in Sheapshead Bay Brooklyn. He attended the Manhattan School of Music form 1990 to 1994 where he studied composition with Giampaolo Bracali.
 Bhavatharani is an Indian Tamil singer and music director. She is the daughter of film composer Ilaiyaraaja and her brothers are the noted film composers Karthik Raja and Yuvan Shankar Raja. She has mostly sung songs under her father and her brothers' direction. She was awarded the National Film Award for Best Female Playback Singer in 2001 for her rendition of the song Mayil Pola Ponnu Onnu from the film Bharathi composed by her father Ilaiyaraaja.
 K.I.D. was a 1980s Italo disco musician best known for his SAM import and club hit You Don't Like My Music (Hupendi Muziki Wangu?!) that entered the Billboard Club charts. The name is a pseudonym used by Geoffrey Bastow.
 David Blair (September 19 1967 – July 23 2011) known as Blair was an American musician and poet from Detroit Michigan who competed in the 2002 National Poetry Slam and was nominated for seven Detroit Music Awards. Blair toured in the United States South Africa and Germany performing with various artists including Stevie Wonder and Wilco.
 Ivar Antonsen (born April 16 1946 at Fauske Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (piano) and known from his debut at the Oslo jazz scene together with Jan Garbarek and Palle Mikkelborg in 1967.
 Robert Richard Hieronimus Ph.D. (b. 1943) is an educator artist author activist and has been an acknowledged pioneer in the New Paradigm movement since 1971.
 Ōtomo no Tabito (大伴 旅人 665 - August 31 731) was a Japanese poet best known as the father of Ōtomo no Yakamochi who contributed to compiling the Man'yōshū alongside his father. Tabito was a contemporary of Hitomaro but lacked his success in the Imperial Court.
 DBC Pierre (born Peter Finlay) is a writer who authored the novel Vernon God Little.He was born in South Australia in 1961 before moving to Mexico where Pierre was largely raised. He now resides in the Republic of Ireland.Pierre was awarded the 2003 Booker Prize for fiction for Vernon God Little his first novel becoming the third Australian-born author to be so honoured.
 Nam Ji-hyun (born 9 January 1990) is a South Korean idol singer dancer and actress. She's a member of the girl group 4Minute formed by Cube Entertainment in 2009.
 Yōko Asada (浅田 葉子 Asada Yōko born May 23 1969) is a Japanese voice actress from Hyōgo Prefecture. She is affiliated with the talent management firm 81 Produce.
 Vecheslav Vladimirovich Ovchinnikov (Russian: Вячеслав Владимирович Овчинников; February 19 1932 Leningrad USSR — March 16 1993 Saint Petersburg Russia) was a Soviet Russian painter a member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists (before 1992 — the Leningrad Union of Artists) who lived and worked in Leningrad regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad School of Painting most famous for his landscape painting.
 Joseph Coleman Smith (17 May 1934 – 5 September 1998) who performed and recorded under the name Sonny Knight was an African-American singer songwriter and author. His biggest hit was Confidential which reached the pop and R&B charts in 1956 and he continued to record into the 1960s. In 1981 using his real name he wrote The Day the Music Died a fictionalised account of racism in the American music business in the 1950s.
 William Marshall Rogers III (January 22 1950 – March 24 2007) known professionally as Marshall Rogers was an American comic-book artist best known for his work at Marvel and DC Comics in the 1970s particularly as one of the illustrators of Batman and Silver Surfer. In addition Rogers illustrated one of the first graphic novels Detectives Inc. (1979).
 Cecilia Vega (born February 2 1977) is the stage name of a French pornographic actress. In addition to adult videos Vega also appeared in the 2010 Canal+ comedy series Hard ou du cochon.
 Margaret Macdonald Mackintosh (5 November 1864–10 January 1933) was a Scottish artist whose design work became one of the defining features of the Glasgow Style during the 1890s.
 Dame Anne Elizabeth Jane Evans DBE (born 20 August 1941) is an international British operatic soprano.
 Kim Planert (born April 16 1973 in Bad Harzburg Germany) is a German film and television composer based in Los Angeles who recently scored the original music for ABC's drama series Missing alongside Robert Duncan.
 Cornelio Reyna (September 15 1940 - January 22 1997) was a Mexican norteño singer.Cornelio Reyna formed a partnership with the legendary Ramón Ayala to create the famous duet called Los Relampagos del Norte in 1963. The band stayed together for eight years and then in 1971 Reyna decided to pursue a solo career as a mariachi singer. His mariachi career was not as successful as music experts expected.
 Charles Toby Williams (born May 9 1977) commonly known by his stage name Keak da Sneak is a rapper from Oakland California. At the age of 16 he was known as Z-Kush but became known as Keak da Sneak at 17 best known for his scratchy gruff rapping voice and coining the term hyphy in 1994.
 Noah Ashenhurst (born 1972) is the author of the novel Comfort Food which won the 2006 Independent Publisher Book Award for Best Regional Fiction (West-Pacific).
 Marco Glaviano (born in Palermo Sicily in 1942) is an Italian photographer and architect who has worked for leading fashion magazines and brands on both sides of the Atlantic and with many of the world's best known models. He has been a pioneer of digital photography being the first to publish a digital picture in American Vogue in 1982.
 Stuart Cavilla is a Gibraltarian bass guitarist. He plays bass guitar in the Gibraltarian Flamenco Metal band Breed 77. Although Cavilla has not played continuously he is one of the original members and founders of the band. He also plays palmas for the band. Being a native Gibraltarian Cavilla is naturally bilingual in English and Spanish as well as speaking Llanito when among other Gibraltarians.
 Øystein Alme (born 1960) is a Norwegian author. He wrote with Morten Vågen the book Silenced - China’s Great Wall of Censorship published by Amaryllis Media in late may 2006. The book according to Reporters Without Borders takes the reader on a fascinating and disturbing trip behind China’s Great Wall of Censorship.
 Lucas MacFadden (born October 4 1972) better known as Cut Chemist is an American DJ and record producer. He is a former member of the funk Latin band Ozomatli and of hip hop group Jurassic 5. He has collaborated with fellow turntablist DJ Shadow on a number of projects.
 Louise Lee Si-Kei (Chinese: 李司棋; born 26 September 1950 in Hong Kong with her family roots in Tianjin) is a Hong Kong actress and former Chinese Canadian newscaster.
 Robert Goodnough (October 23 1917 – October 2 2010) was an American abstract expressionist painter. A veteran of World War II Goodnough was one of the last of the original generation of the New York School; (although he has been referred to as a member of the second generation of Abstract Expressionists) even though he began exhibiting his work in galleries in New York City in the early 1950s.
 Orazio Frezza was an Italian painter of the Baroque period born and active in NaplesHe was instructed by Giovanni Battista Benaschi. He afterwards studied the works of Giovanni Lanfranco and Domenichino whom he imitated with some success. He painted for a church in Naples a Calvary now exhibited in Castel Capuano.
 Adam of Fulda (ca. 1445 – 1505) was a German musical author of the second half of the 15th century. He was born in Fulda and died in Wittenberg.In Heinrich Glarean's Dodecachordon he is described as Francum Germanum i.e. of German origin. Adam of Fulda calls himself at times musicus ducalis (musician of the Court). He also mentions Guillaume Dufay (1400–1474) as his contemporary.
 George Chadwick better known by his stage name Telephone Jim Jesus is an alternative hip hop producer based in Oakland California. He is a member of Restiform Bodies along with Passage and Bomarr.
 Souad Mekhennet (born 1978) is a German journalist of Turkish–Moroccan descent who works for The New York Times Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung and German television ZDF.Before working for The Times she was a reporter for The Washington Post. Since 9/11 she covered conflicts and terrorist attacks in Europe North Africa and the Middle East.
 Yamazaki Maso Takushi (山崎 マゾ 卓志) is the birthname of Japanese noise musician and performer known most widely for his solo project Masonna.Born in Kyōto 1966. He operates the Coquette Records label and is also a member of the group Christine 23 Onna (now titled Acid Eater with Toda Fusao from Angel'in Heavy Syrup) Maso is also the manager of Jojo Hiroshige's Alchemy Records store.
 Seyed Abdolhossein Mokhtabad (Persian: سید عبدالحسین مختاباد born 21 March 1966) is one of Iran’s most celebrated and distinguished singers and composers of Persian classical and popular music. He announced his candidacy for local elections on 20 April 2013 and was elected as a member of City Council of Tehran. He was sworn in on 3 September 2013.
 Mabel Poulton (29 July 1901 – 21 December 1994) was an English film actress popular in Britain during the era of silent films.Born in London England Poulton was working as a stenographer and entered films by chance. Her first role in George Pearson's Nothing Else Matters (1920) was opposite Betty Balfour who was also making her debut and the film was a success. Over the next several years Poulton was cast in a succession of roles and usually played feisty or mischievous characters.
 Deborah Borda is the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Los Angeles Philharmonic.
 Claude Curly Putman Jr. (born November 20 1930 in Princeton Jackson County Alabama) is an American songwriter based in Nashville. His biggest success was Green Green Grass of Home (1964 sung by Porter Wagoner) which was covered by Roger Miller Elvis Presley Kenny Rogers Johnny Darrell Gram Parsons Joan Baez Jerry Lee Lewis The Grateful Dead Johnny Cash Roberto Leal Merle Haggard Bobby Bare Joe Tex Nana Mouskouri and Tom Jones.
 Jens Arnsted (more commonly known as Yenz Leonhardt or Yenz Cheyenne) is a heavy metal musician born July 4 in Vordingborg Denmark. He has performed as a vocalist guitarist and bassist throughout his career focusing on the latter in recent years.
 Kaitlyn Jenea Cecil (born July 30 1993) better known as Katie Cecil is an American television actress and formerly guitarist/vocalist for the teen power pop/rock band KSM.
 Mike Absalom (born 9 November 1940) is an English pop folk and celtic music singer guitarist songwriter harpist poet artist and children's entertainer. The Province once described Absalom's musical work as innocence with a macabre twist. His recording and performing work in 1970s concentrated on subject matter including sex drugs and the church.
 Lynda Laurence (also spelled Lawrence born Lynda Tucker February 20 1949 Philadelphia Pennsylvania) is an American singer. She is best known for being a part of two Motown acts: Stevie Wonder's backup group The Third Generation and one of the post-Diana Ross continuation groups of The Supremes. She is the youngest daughter of Louise Tucker and Ira Tucker gospel songwriter producer and lead singer of The Dixie Hummingbirds and sister of Sundray Tucker and Ira Tucker Jr.
 Jens Lapidus (Swedish pronunciation: [jɛns laˈpiːdɵs]; born 24 May 1974) is a Swedish criminal defense lawyer and author. Lapidus made his writing debut in August 2006 with Snabba Cash an account of the Stockholm underworld and the first of the Stockholm Noir trilogy. Two years later the second installment Aldrig Fucka Upp was published by Wahlström & Widstrand. A graphic novel with illustrator Peter Bergting (The Portent) entitled Gängkrig 145 was published May 2009.
 Juan de los Angeles Naranjo (2 October 1897 – 6 February 1952) was an Argentine painter and draughtsman. He is best known for his portrait of renowned artist and politicians of his time such as Hipólito Yrigoyen Carlos Manuel de Céspedes Gerardo Machado Bartolomé Mitre María Barrientos Enrico Caruso and Gabriela Besanzoni. He was born in Rosario Santa Fe on October 2 1897.
 Troy Lee Coleman III (born December 18 1970) better known by his stage name Cowboy Troy is an American musician who performs country rap (also referred to as Hick-Hop). He is a member of the MuzikMafia an aggregation of country music singer-songwriters whose membership also includes Big & Rich Gretchen Wilson and James Otto. He has released four studio albums and one EP including two releases on Warner Bros. Records and has charted twice on the Billboard country singles charts.
 William Pitt Smith (1760–1796) was a U.S. physician educator and theological writer.Smith began his career serving in the General Hospital Department of the Continental Army during the American Revolution. He became Professor of Materia Medica at Columbia College) in 1792.Smith authored two books that espoused the tenets of Universalism: The Universalist; in Seven Letters to Amyntor (1787) and Observations on Conventions (1793).
 Victory Tischler-Blue (born September 16 1959) is an American film producer director writer musician and photographer. She was born and raised in Newport Beach California. Tischler-Blue began working in the entertainment industry at age 17 using the name Vicki Blue as the bassist in the American all-girl teenage rock band The Runaways. After the demise of the band she was cast by director Rob Reiner in This Is Spinal Tap.
 Alexander Mikhailovich Semionov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Миха́йлович Семе́нов; February 18 1922 city of Torzhok Soviet Russia – June 23 1984 Leningrad USSR) - a Soviet Russian painter living and working in Leningrad member of the Leningrad branch of the Union of Artists of Russian Federation regarded as one of the brightest representatives of the Leningrad school of painting most famous for his cityscapes.
 Joseph Edwards Carpenter (2 November 1813 London – 6 May 1885 Bayswater) was an English playwright composer and songwriter.In 1851 Carpenter moved from Leamington to London. He wrote various touring musical entertainments such as The Road the Rail and the River and aVocal Pictorial and Descriptive Illustration of Uncle Tom's Cabin (1853).
 Joseph Cotton aka Jah Walton (born Silbert Walton 1957 St. Ann Jamaica) is a reggae deejay active since the mid-1970s.
 William Hess Ward (March 6 1919 - November 17 1998) known as Bill Ward was an American cartoonist notable as a good girl artist and creator of the risqué comics character Torchy.
 Alejandro Rozitchner (born 1960 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine philosopher and writer. Artist of the ideas or intellectual nutritionist are some of the names with which he describes his work. He is characterized by his affirmative thinking his appreciation for enthusiasm (a concept on which he has published numerous articles and also a topic of several conferences) and for his open casual and provocative style.
 Dorothy Dunnett OBE (née Halliday 25 August 1923 – 9 November 2001) was a Scottish historical novelist. She is best known for her six-part series about Francis Crawford of Lymond The Lymond Chronicles which she followed with the eight-part prequel The House of Niccolò. She also wrote a novel about the real Macbeth called King Hereafter (1982) and a series of mystery novels centred on Johnson Johnson a portrait painter/spy.
 Kim Myeong-sun (Korean: 김명순 Hanja: 金明淳) (b. 20 January 1896 in Pyongyang – 22 June 1951) was a female Korean novelist and poet of the early 20th century.
 Athanasios (Thanos) Petrelis (Greek; Θάνος Πετρέλης) (born September 27 1975) is a popular Greek singer. He has released four albums and several singles.
 Eleanor Updale (born 1953) is the author of the Montmorency Series and Johnny Swanson. She has written four novels and some short stories and has won several awards for her writing.
 Yoni Rechter (Hebrew: יוני רכטר‎; born November 18 1951) is an Israeli musician composer pianist arranger and singer.
 David Bollard (born 25 September 1942) is a New Zealand-born Australian classical pianist and teacher.
 Christian Friedrich Hebbel (18 March 1813 – 13 December 1863) was a German poet and dramatist.
 Basil Dickey (November 23 1880 – June 17 1958) was an American screenwriter. He wrote for 147 films between 1916 and 1958. He was born in Illinois and died in Long Beach California. His brother was playwright and screenwriter Paul Dickey.
 Edgar Vos (5 July 1931 – 13 January 2010) was a Dutch fashion designer.Vos was born in Makassar in the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia) in 1931. He studied fashion at the Gerrit Rietveld Academie in Amsterdam.He started a chain of fifteen boutique clothing stores known as Edgar Vos Boutiques.Vos died of a heart attack while holidaying in Fort Lauderdale Florida a day after being admitted to a hospital suffering from what is suspected to have been pneumonia.
 Nomi Ruiz is an American Nu-disco and Hip hop singer from New York City who is most famous for being among the cast of vocalists that contributed to Hercules and Love Affair's debut album. Ruiz has also collaborated with dance music trio The Ones and is currently a member of the Brooklyn-based trio Jessica 6.
 Zvonko Čoh (born 7 August 1956) is a Slovene painter illustrator and animator best known as the co-author (together with Milan Erič) of the first Slovene animated feature length film (i.e. the 1998 Socialization of a Bull). He has illustrated over thirty books for children and teenagers and made over twenty short animated films.Čoh was born in Celje in 1956. He graduated from the Academy of Fine Arts in Ljubljana in 1980 and has since worked as a free-lance artist.
 Yury Valentinovich Trifonov (Russian: Юрий Валентинович Трифонов; 28 August 1925 – 28 March 1981) was a leading representative of the so-called Soviet Urban Prose. He was considered a close contender for the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1981.
 Starsmith (born Finlay Dow-Smith 8 July 1988 Bromley England) is a British songwriter producer remixer and DJ. He studied a classical music degree at the University of Surrey majoring in performance on saxophone. He has already received acclaim for the remixes he has created for Lady Gaga Robyn Timbaland Katy Perry Little Boots Passion Pit Paloma Faith Marina and the Diamonds and Frankmusik amongst many others.
 Edwin James Eddie Costa (August 14 1930 – July 28 1962) was an American jazz pianist vibraphonist composer and arranger. In 1957 he was chosen as Down Beat jazz critics' new star on piano and vibes – the first time that one artist won two categories in the same year.
 Rob (Bobby) Bloomfield is a dance rock and indie record producer and audio engineer living in Stoke Newington London. His list of work includes writing production and remixes for Does It Offend You Yeah? 50 Cent Linkin Park The Faint Natalia Kills dan le sac vs Scroobius Pip SixNationState Parka Kamikaze Test Pilots The Adelines and Viena Ditto.
 Stephen Tashjian is an American artist. His drag queen character Tabboo! became known in the East Village underground scene of New York City in the 1980s. He is also a puppeteer painter and singer.Tashjian attended the Massachusetts College of Art in Boston where he became friends with fellow students Nan Goldin and Jack Pierson.
 Clementina de Jesus (Clementine of Jesus) was a Brazilian samba singer born in Valença Brazil on February 7 1901 and died in Rio de Janeiro on July 19 1987.
 Ormond Orlea Robbins (July 22 1914 – July 21 1984) was an American author of hardboiled detective fiction and weird fiction. His work was primarily published in the Popular Publications catalog of pulp fiction.
 Tim Montgomerie (born 24 July 1970) is a British Conservative Party activist blogger and comment editor and columnist for The Times. He is best known as the co-founder of the Centre for Social Justice and as creator of the ConservativeHome website which he edited from 2005 until 2013 when he left to join The Times.
 Marissa Rachael Nadler (born April 5 1981) is an American singer-songwriter based in Boston. Active since 2000 she has released a number of well-received studio albums including Songs III: Bird on the Water (2007).
 Loren Me’-lash-ne Bommelyn (born 1956) is a tradition bearer for the Tolowa tribe. He has dedicated himself to preserving the traditional songs language and basketry. He is the foremost ceremonial leader of the tribe and its most prolific basketweaver. Bommelyn is an enrolled member of the federally recognized Smith River Rancheria and was elected as their tribal secretary.
 Arish Ahmad Khan better known by his stage name King Khan is a Canadian musician. He is best known as the frontman of the rock 'n roll bands King Khan and the Shrines and The King Khan & BBQ Show.
 Leandro Lopes Luiz (born January 24 1984) best known as Leandro Lopes is a Brazilian pop rock and axé music singer and songwriter. He rose to fame after winning the first season of the reality television show Ídolos Brazil.
 Louis Hoppe was a folk artist who worked in Texas during the American Civil War years. Details of his life are nearly nonexistent; he is known by his works four watercolor paintings three of which are scenes in Colorado County Texas. All of his known works are held by the San Antonio Museum of Art.
 Humphrey Trevelyan Baron Trevelyan KG GCMG CIE OBE (27 November 1905 – 9 February 1985) was a British diplomat and author.Trevelyan was a son of Reverend George Trevelyan grandson of the Venerable George Trevelyan Archdeacon of Taunton third son of Sir John Trevelyan 4th Baronet. He was educated at Lancing and Jesus College Cambridge. After Cambridge Trevelyan joined the Indian Civil Service. He served in India until independence in 1947 then transferred to HM Diplomatic Service.
 Tomislav Krizman (1882–1955) was a Croatian painter graphic artist costume and set designer teacher author and organizer of cultural events. He painted in oils and tempera although he is principally remembered for his remarkable graphic art.He was of the founders of the Medulić Society and the Zagreb Spring Salon of 1916. He exhibited in Zagreb Belgrade Ljubljana Vienna Paris and Rome.
 Murray Bernthal (April 15 1911 – December 9 2010) was an American musician and producer long active in Syracuse New York. He was a violin prodigy and a Syracuse University basketball player.
 Lynise Walters better known by the stage name Queen Pen (born 1972) is a Grammy-nominated American rapper.Her music career started as a protégé of Teddy Riley a record producer and member of the R&B group BLACKstreet in the mid-1990s. She was a featured rapper along with Dr. Dre on BLACKstreet's 1996 hit No Diggity.
 Sara Teasdale (August 8 1884 – January 29 1933) was an American lyric poet. She was born Sara Trevor Teasdale in St. Louis Missouri and used the name Sara Teasdale Filsinger after her marriage in 1914.
 Miki Sugimoto (杉本 美樹 Sugimoto Miki January 28 1953 -) is a Japanese actress best known for her roles in the sukeban (delinquent girl) sub-genre of Toei's action/erotic form of pink film known as Pinky Violence.
 Michael J. Wolf is the founder and managing partner of Activate Inc. a technology and strategy consulting firm based in New York City. He also currently serves on the board of directors of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) the multinational internet company headquartered in Sunnyvale California Entercom Communications Corporation.
 Vicki Chase (born February 6 1985) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress. A former bank teller Chase was introduced to the porn industry by pornographic actor Eric John whom she later married in a public wedding ceremony in January 2010.
 Christopher McGuire (born November 28 1975 -) is an American drum set player session drummer drum teacher and producer. He is based in Minneapolis Minnesota United States.
 Joyce W. Cairns is a Scottish painter and printmaker based in Aberdeen.
 Zachary E. Zac Posen (/zæk ˈpoʊzən/; born October 24 1980) is an American fashion designer.
 Eric Bloom (born December 1 1944) is an American singer songwriter and musician. He is best known as the main vocalist and stun guitar for the long-running band Blue Öyster Cult with work on over 20 albums. Much of his lyrical content relates to his lifelong interest in science fiction.
 Lukas Smits (born 23 May 1935 Ravenswaaij) is a Dutch painter.Lukas Smits was born in Ravenswaaij (Buren) and studied both at the Academy of Art and Design in Den Bosch and at the Jan van Eyck-Academy in Maastricht. In 1959 he received the Royal Subsidy for Painting which was followed by the City of Maastricht Prize (1962) another Royal Subsidy for Painting (1962) and a travel grant from the French government (1964).
 Dominic Newton (born August 12 1977) better known by his stage name The Jacka is an American rapper from Oakland California. The Jacka got his start in Pittsburg California with his group Mob Figaz whose first album C-Bo's Mob Figaz was released in 1999. Newton converted to Islam at a young age and changed his name to Shaheed Akbar. He currently runs his own label entitled The Artist Records.
 Ni Kuang (Chinese: 倪匡; born May 30 1935 in Ningbo Zhejiang China) also known as Ngai Hong I Kuang or Yi Kuang is a Hong Kong-based novelist and screenwriter with more than 300 published Chinese language wuxia and science fiction novels and more than 400 film scripts. He is the brother of another romance novelist Yi Shu.
 Nicholas Grigsby (born 13 September 1974) is a prominent New Zealand concert organist academic broadcaster and music critic.A former organ scholar of Salisbury Cathedral he studied organ and improvisation with Colin Walsh Organist Laureate of Lincoln Cathedral Peter Wright at Southwark Cathedral London and in France at Rouen Conservatoire with the blind organist Louis Thiry a former pupil of the late virtuoso Marchal.He completed his Master of Music degree in organ & harpsichord performance with Dr. 
 Steven Maeda is an American television writer and producer. He has written episodes of television series such as Harsh Realm The X-Files CSI: Miami Lost and Day Break. He has also served as a supervising producer on Lost and CSI: Miami. He is also the executive producer of Lie To Me.
 Alice Pung is a writer editor and lawyer. She wrote the memoir Unpolished Gem and edited Growing Up Asian in Australia. She is a practicing solicitor and has worked as an art instructor independent school teacher at primary and secondary schools and is Artist in Residence at Janet Clarke Hall the University of Melbourne.
 John H. McGlynn (who also uses the pen name Willem Samuels; born 14 October 1952 in Cazenovia Wisconsin) is an American editor and translator.In 1987 along with four Indonesian writers Goenawan Mohamad Sapardi Djoko Damono Umar Kayam and Subagio Sastrowardoyo he founded the Lontar Foundation with the aim of promoting Indonesian literature and culture to the international world through the translation of Indonesian literature.
 Edward Eddie Rubin Griffin (born July 15 1968) is an American actor and comedian. He is best known for his role as Eddie Sherman on the sitcom Malcolm & Eddie along with co-star Malcolm-Jamal Warner and his role as the title character in the 2002 comedy film Undercover Brother.
 Ramiele Macrohon Malubay (born September 6 1987) also known as Ramiele is a Filipino-American singer and the ninth place finalist on the seventh season of the television series American Idol.
 Carey Young (born 1970) is a visual artist and teacher who incorporates a variety of media such as video photography performative events and installation into her art works which investigate the increasing incorporation of the personal and public domains into the realm of the commercial world.
 Jean-Marc Savelli born in Mulhouse in Alsace (France) 18 is a French pianist.Known by the general public for his interpretations of works from Franz Liszt and Frederic Chopin Jean-Marc Savelli also distinguished himself in the classical repertoire with Johann Sebastian Bach and Ludwig van Beethoven and in the Impressionist repertoire of Claude Debussy.
 Irwin Lewis (born 21 April 1939 in Morawa Western Australia) is an indigenous Australian artist who was previously a notable scholar sportsman and public servant. Best known as the father of Australian rules footballer Chris Lewis a member of the West Coast Eagles' AFL premiership-winning teams in 1992 and 1994 he has been described as something of a celebrity in Perth.
 Henrik H. Langeland (born 19 November 1972) is a Norwegian novelist and literary researcher.His 2000 book debut Requiem is based on Marcel Proust's work. He followed with Wonderboy in 2003 a satirical novel from the financial milieu. His 2007 Francis Meyers lidenskap depicts the fictitious professor of philology Francis Meyer. Wonderboy was a success in Norway selling about 110000 copies in its first four years. Francis Meyers lidenskap sold 51000 copies between August and September 2007.
 Debra Ghigna (born May 6 1955) is a children's author and poet whose writings appear in numerous children's magazines as well as in books written with her husband poet Charles Ghigna. Her poem My Box appears on an animated DVD published by Cricket Books.
 Noemi (born Veronica Scopelliti; 25 January 1982 in Rome) is an Italian singer-songwriter. In 2013 she became a coach in The Voice of Italy.
 George Warren Rickey (June 6 1907 – July 17 2002) was an American kinetic sculptor.
 Luíz Fïlíp also Luiz Filipe Coelho (born November 14 1984) is a Brazilian violinist.
 Robert Dennis Harris (born 7 March 1957) is an English novelist. He is a former journalist and BBC television reporter. Although he began his career in non-fiction his fame rests upon his works of historical fiction. Beginning with the best-seller Fatherland Harris focused on events surrounding the Second World War followed by works set in ancient Rome. His most recent works centre on contemporary history.
 Roslyn Brogue (16 February 1919 – 1 August 1981) was an American pianist violinist music educator classics scholar poet author and composer. She was born in Chicago Illinois and graduated from the University of Chicago in 1937 from Radcliffe College in 1943 and from Harvard University in 1947 with a Ph.D.After completing her education she taught at the Cambridge School Harvard University and Boston University.
 Darrin C Huss is the vocalist and lyricist of the Canadian dark synthpop band Psyche.His band has released 11 official albums 3 EPs and 5 compilations of their work to dateTogether with Niels Hesse and Marco Drewes Darrin formed Lounge in 2001 and released a mini-album entitled Everyday on the label Novatune.
 Shakeeb Jalali (Urdu: شکیب جلالی‎) (October 1 1934 – November 12 1966) was a Pakistani Urdu poet.Shakeb Jalali's real name was Syed Hassan Rizvi. His ancestors were from a small town Saddat Jalali near Aligarh India. Ahmed Nadeem Qasmi says that Jalali was born on October 1 1934 but his wife Syeda Mohiddisa Khatoon gives his year of birth as 1935 or 1936.[citation needed]Jalali was an only child. When he was ten years old his mother died in an accident.
 Roberto Azank was born in Buenos Aires Argentina in 1955; the grandson of an oil canvas artist and the son of a master embroidery designer.At the age of 14 Roberto won the first prize in painting at his High School; he went on to first study photography and later architecture at the University of Buenos Aires.In 1979 he moved to the United States where experimentation with various artistic forms and media led to his decision to pursue a career in the arts.
 Joan Morris (born February 10 1943) is a mezzo-sopranoBorn in Portland Oregon she is one half of the famous musical duo of Bolcom and Morris. Her musical partner and husband is composer/pianist William Bolcom. Together they specialize in older popular songs primarily from the first half of the 20th century but extending beyond that to include both contemporary cabaret songs and a number of songs dating back to the American Civil War.
 Trim born Javan St. Prix (18 April 1984) and formerly known as Taliban Trim is an English grime MC from East London and a former member of Roll Deep. He is a cousin of Roll Deep member DJ Karnage former Roll Deep member Roachee footballer Leon Knight and grime MC Lee Brasco. Despite limited commercial success Trim has won much praise and a cult following for his eclectic subject matter beat selection and delivery.
 Mark Egan (Born 1951 in Brockton Massachusetts) is an American jazz bass guitarist and trumpeter arguably best known for his membership in the Pat Metheny Group from 1977 to 1980 and the Gil Evans Orchestra. He is co-founder of the jazz fusion band Elements.Egan has maintained a solo career with three platinum and three gold albums to his credit and has served as bandleader of his own ensembles to positive reviews.
 John Rolfe Gardiner (born 1936) is an American author of several novels and short stories.He is best known for his novel Somewhere in France (1999) aside from which he has written four other novels and two short-story collections. Sixteen of his stories were published in The New Yorker; others were published in The American Scholar and in other publications. His short story The Voyage Out was anthologized in The Best American Short Stories.
 Rupert Bottenberg (19 July 1971 Wolfville Nova Scotia) is an illustrator comic artist and writer.Bottenberg grew up in Montreal. After graduation and many freelance jobs he established Comix Jams public events centered around collaborative improvised comic art a concept that was picked up by many other North American cities.
 Diango Hernández is a Cuban artist.
 Fumi Yoshinaga (よしなが ふみ Yoshinaga Fumi born 1971) is a Japanese manga artist known for her shōjo and shōnen-ai works.
 Edgardo José Martin Santiago Valenciano (born 6 August 1964) better known as Gary Valenciano or Gary V. is a Filipino musician. Also known as Mr. Pure Energy Valenciano has released 26 albums and won the Awit Awards for Best Male Performer eleven times. In 1998 he became UNICEF Philippines first National Ambassador.
 Shagrath (born Stian Tomt Thoresen on 18 November 1976) is a Norwegian musician best known as the vocalist of Dimmu Borgir.
 Fazla (born Muhamed Fazlagić 17 April 1967 in Sarajevo) is a singer from Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Karizma Real Name: Kris Klayton (Born on March 28 1970 Baltimore Maryland United States) is an American electronic musician and DJ known for his wide genre of music production in deep house deep techno hip hop jazz and broken beats and his ability to master Pioneer Corporation's CDJ-2000 and DJM 2000 being sponsored by Pioneer Pro DJ Japan in 2010.
 Suming Rupi (born 17 July 1978) is an indigenous musician singer and songwriter from Taiwan. He is a member of the Lacienci (拉千禧) age organization (a form of social organization that is characteristic of Pangcah) of A'tolan.
 Francis Hindes Groome (30 August 1851 in Monk Soham Suffolk - 24 January 1902 in London) miscellaneous writer son of Robert Hindes Groome Archdeacon of Suffolk wrote for various encyclopaedias etc. He was a student of the Romani people and their language and published In Gypsy Tents (1880) Gypsy Folk Tales (1899) and an editor of Borrow's Lavengro (1900).
 Izaline Calister (born in Curaçao March 9 1969) is a singer and songwriter of Dutch-Curaçaoan citizenship.Growing up in her native Curaçao for eighteen years Calister moved to Groningen the Netherlands where she studied at the Prins Claus Conservatorium.Calister's music combines the Afro-Caribbean-Calypso influences of her native Curaçao with jazz creating a unique blend of music.
 Elliot Easton (born Elliot Steinberg December 18 1953 in Brooklyn New York) is an American musician. He played lead guitar and sings backing vocals for The Cars. His guitar solos are an integral part of the band's hit singles. He studied music at the Berklee College of Music. He plays guitar left-handed. Upon the collapse of The Cars in 1988 Easton played in bands such as The New Cars and the roots rock group Creedence Clearwater Revisited.
 Randa Ghossoub is a Canadian jazz singer who immersed herself in this genre at an early age. Her style is the result of multicultural immersion parallel singing and acting workshops while integrating classic jazz principles.Her career as a singer took off during a journey to Miami in 2002 where she recorded her first jazz album Pillow Talk...
 Danny Sheridan is an American musician songwriter producer actor and entertainment manager. In 2006 he also became a radio personality on 97.1 KLSX Free FM (CBS Los Angeles). He is credited as an influential electric bass player and as the founder of the Eli Radish Band pioneers of the so-called outlaw country music genre.
 Travis Shane Meeks (born April 27 1979 in Charlestown Indiana) is an American musician and is the lead singer guitarist and song writer for acoustic rock band Days of the New.
 Azusa Senou (瀬能 あづさ Senō Azusa born April 3 1973) is a Japanese singer actress and model. She was a former member of the Japan's idol group Coco in the late 1990s.
 Finuala Dowling (June 1962) is a South African poet and writer.The seventh of eight children born to radio broadcasters Eve van der Byl and Paddy Dowling Finuala Dowling obtained an MA in English from the University of Cape Town before lecturing in English at the University of South Africa for eight years. Her first poetry anthology I Flying was published in 2002 and won the Ingrid Jonker Prize. She has also won the Sanlam Award for Poetry and the Olive Schreiner Prize.
 Florence Wyle (1881 – 1968) was an American-born Canadian sculptor and designer. She practiced chiefly in Toronto living and working with her partner sculptor Frances Loring. She co-founded the Sculptors' Society of Canada with Alfred Laliberté Florence Wyle Elizabeth Wyn Wood Wood's teacher and husband Emanuel Hahn and Henri Hébert.
 ZooEL Morshed (Bengali: জুয়েল মোর্শেদ;simply known as ZooEL) is a Bangladeshi Audio EngineerMusic composer singer. He is a notable Audio Technical Expert in Bangladesh.
 Bobby Sandimanie better known by his stage name I-20 is an American rapper. He was originally known as Infamous 2-0 (in Ludacris's debut album Incognegro / Back for the First Time) but changed his name to reflect the interstate route that runs through the Southeastern United States. He was discovered by Ludacris who signed him to the Disturbing tha Peace record label.
 Soji Kashiwagi (born in 1962 in Oakland California) is a Sansei (third-generation Japanese American) journalist playwright and producer. He is the Executive Producer for the Grateful Crane Ensemble theatre company in Los Angeles. He has contributed to The Rafu Shimpo with his column Corner Store. He is the son of Nisei playwright Hiroshi Kashiwagi.
 Ernest Nash (September 14 1898 – May 17 1974) was a student of Roman architecture and pioneer of archaeological photography. Nash was born as Ernst Nathan but later changed his name to Nash when he was living in the United States between 1939 and 1952.He was a graduate of the University of Jena and had a law office in his native city of Potsdam Germany.Nash first went to Italy on August 30 1936 with a goal of documenting in photographs the ancient ruins of Rome Ostia and Pompeii.
 Jorge Gonzalez-Graupera also known by the stage name Jorges is a singer-songwriter based in Miami Florida USA. The music from his first album possibly now! has been used in primetime American TV shows such as Summerland and One Tree Hill as well as various MTV shows such as My Sweet Sixteen and The Loop.[citation needed]
 Matt Lukin (born August 16 1964) is an American musician best known as a bassist and founding member of the Melvins and Mudhoney.
 Jandhyala Papayya Sastry (Telugu: జంధ్యాల పాపయ్య శాస్త్రి 4 August 1912–21 June 1992) was an eminent Telugu writer and lyricist. He was popularly known as Karunasri because his writings expressively show compassion (Karuna or Kāruṇyam) one of the Nine Rasas. His famous kavyas include Pushpa Vilapam and Kunthi Kumari.
 Roosevelt Sledge Jr. (born December 21 1987) better known by his stage name R.O.E. is an American rapper from Chicago Illinois. He first gained popularity after the release of his debut EP A Backpacker Named R.O.E.. In 2011 his single I Won was featured on many hip hop blogs and independent radio stations. R.O.E. later shot a video for the single. The video earned R.O.E. a feature on mtvU.
 Shiloh Hoganson (born April 25 1993) known by her stage name as Shiloh is a Canadian pop singer and songwriter. Shiloh has performed with Lady Gaga Katy Perry Stereos Hedley Theory of a Deadman Marianas Trench and Faber Drive.
 Francisca Valenzuela (born March 17 1987 in San Francisco California) is an American singer songwriter poet and composer. Valenzuela was born and raised in San Francisco California where she resided until the age of 12 before moving to Santiago Chile. She gained to popularity in Chile and Latin America following the release of her debut album Muérdete La Lengua in June 2007. Her second album Buen Soldado followed in March 2011.
 Henrik Otto Donner (16 November 1939 – 26 June 2013) was a Finnish composer musician and all-round music personality. His musical styles varied from pop and rock music to jazz electronic music and contemporary classical music. Donner's personal instrument was trumpet.
 Oksana Lushchevska (*17 February 1982 Talne) — a Ukrainian children's books writer.
 Jordy van Loon (born 16 June 1993 in Voorburg) is a Dutch child singer who reached number one in the Dutch Single Top 100 with his single Verliefdheid.
 Miroslav Miša Aleksić (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирослав-Миша Алексић) is a Serbian musician best known as the bass guitarist for the Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba.
 Barbara Jean Acklin (February 28 1943 – November 27 1998) was an American soul singer and songwriter who was most successful in the 1960s and 1970s. Her biggest hit as a singer was Love Makes a Woman in 1968. As a songwriter she is best known for co-writing the multi-million-selling Have You Seen Her with Eugene Record lead singer of the Chi-Lites.
 Geir Holmsen (born 12 December 1956 in Oslo Norway) Norwegian jazz musician bassist arranger and composer. He participated in various bands connected to the jazz clubb Club 7 in Oslo from the mid-1970s including Kråbøl Lotus and Chipahua. He is also known from Jon Eberson Group (1980–84) Jazzpønkensemblet (1982–85) and Oslo Rhythm & Blues Ensemble (1986–87).
 Sankaran Kutty Pottekkatt popularly known as S. K. Pottekkatt (March 14 1913 – August 6 1982) was a famous Malayalam writer from Kerala state South India. He is the author of nearly sixty books which include ten novels twenty-four collections of short stories three anthologies of poems eighteen travelogues four plays a collection of essays and a couple of books based on personal reminiscences.
 Simon Wickham-Smith (born Rustington East Sussex 2 February 1968) is a British musician translator academic and sometime astrologer. He first came to the attention of the experimental music underground with the release of Lake a collaboration with Richard Youngs issued under the moniker R!!!S!!!. He and Youngs would go on to make many more albums including Ceaucescu Pulse Of The Rooster and Metallic Sonatas for labels such as Forced Exposure Majora and VHF.
 Sophie Menter (29 July 1846 — 23 February 1918) was a German pianist and composer who became the favorite female student of Franz Liszt. She was called l'incarnation de Liszt in Paris because of her robust electrifying playing style and was considered one of the greatest piano virtuosos of her time. She died at Stockdorf near Munich.
 Julia Frankau née Julia Davis (30 July 1859-17 March 1916) was a successful novelist who wrote under the name Frank Danby. Her first novel was published in 1887: Dr. Phillips: A Maida Vale Idyll. Its portrayal of London Jews and Jewish life and its discussion of euthenasia by a doctor were controversial. This was followed by more Frank Danby novels and by books on other subjects including engraving which were sometimes written under her own name.
 Nova Ren Suma (born February 23 1975) is an American author of young adult novels including Imaginary Girls Fade Out and 17 & Gone.
 Danièle Thompson (born 3 January 1942 in Monaco) is a Monegasque film director and screenwriter. Thompson is the daughter of film director Gérard Oury and actress Jacqueline Roman.She has written screenplays for a number of highly successful films including Cousin cousine La Boum Belphégor - Le fantôme du Louvre La Reine Margot and Jet Lag which she also directed. She was nominated for the 1976 Academy Award for Writing Original Screenplay for Cousin cousine.
 Frederick J. Brown (February 6 1945 - May 05 2012) was a Chicago-raised artist. His paintings draw on many sources including his African-American Seminole and Choctaw ancestry his religious upbringing and the folklore of the South. He referenced religious historical and urban themes in his work but was especially noted for his numerous portraits of jazz and blues artists.
 Oscar Fredrick Dronjak (born January 20 1972) is the rhythm and lead guitarist and founder of the Heavy Metal band HammerFall. Prior to the success of HammerFall he also played and released albums with the death metal acts Ceremonial Oath and Crystal Age.Dronjak was born in the Swedish town of Mölndal to a Serbian father and a Swedish mother. His first instrument was the recorder; he then played trombone for a few years until at the age of fourteen he settled on guitar.
 Luis Conte (born 16 November 1954) is a Cuban percussionist.
 Sean Mackin (born April 30 1979) is an American rock musician. He is best known as the violinist and backing vocalist for the American pop punk band Yellowcard and is now the only remaining member of the band from its original line-up after the departure of drummer Longineu W. Parsons III on March 13th 2014.
 Kristian Ranta also known as Kride was the guitarist of the Finnish melodic death metal band Norther until their break up in 2012. Kristian has composed most of Norther's best known songs including Frozen Angel and is also credited for renaming the band (originally called Requiem).
 André Stil (April 1 1921 – September 3 2004) was a French novelist short story writer occasional poet and political activist. A lifelong militant he became a member of the French Communist Party in 1940 and remained loyal to the party.
 Eduardo Kac [ɛdwardoʊ kæts; ĕd·wâr′·dō kăts] is a contemporary American artist and professor of Art and Technology Studies at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. Kac was born in 1962 in Rio de Janeiro Brazil. Kac has worked in numerous and diverse artistic media since he began practicing in the early 1980s in Rio.
 Christopher William Holland (born 18 September 1966 Greenwich London England)[citation needed] is an English keyboard player singer and songwriter. He is the younger brother of Jools Holland and twin of Richard Edward Holland (drummer).
 Michel Colombier (May 23 1939 – November 14 2004) was a French composer songwriter arranger and conductor.He wrote the scores of several motion pictures and TV productions. He also wrote chamber music and ballets. With composer Pierre Henry he wrote music for Messe pour le temps présent a piece created by choreographer Maurice Béjart in 1967.He was married to Dana Colombier with whom he had two children. He is buried in Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery.
 Bruno Fuligni is a French writer and historian.
 Ahmad Balshe (Arabic: أحمد بلشي‎) (born April 7 1984) better known by his stage name Belly is a Palestinian Canadian Juno Award-winning rapper.Born in Jenin Palestine his musical career has been based in Ottawa Ontario. In addition to a Juno he has won three MuchMusic Video Awards and has twice attained a top chart position in the national Much Music Countdown. Belly has written many #1 and platinum gold/hits for other artists.
 Carmen Covito (born 14 November 1948 in Castellammare di Stabia Province of Naples) is an Italian writer and translator. Her novels include La bruttina stagionata (Bompiani 1992 translated into Spanish German French Dutch and Greek) Del perché i porcospini attraversano la strada (Bompiani 1995) Benvenuti in questo ambiente (Bompiani 1997) and La rossa e il nero (Mondadori 2002).
 Marcus Kentrell Brown known by his stage name Kentrell is an American R&B & pop singer. Born in Mississippi and raised in Chicago Kentrell made his musical debut with the release of his first single Encore from his upcoming album with Jive Records U Will Believe.Kentrell refers to his music as pop/soul which he says is a blend of his musical upbringing in the church with secular soul and pop music. He compares his sound to artists like Michael Jackson Usher and R. Kelly.
 Paul Emmanuel Auguste Poulet-Malassis (March 16 1825 – February 11 1878) was a French printer and publisher who lived and worked in Paris. He was also a long standing friend and the printer-publisher of Charles Baudelaire.
 For other uses see Cheek (disambiguation).Jare Henrik Tiihonen (born 22 December 1981) professionally known as Cheek is a Finnish rapper. To date he has released eight studio albums.
 Matt Kirshen (born 1980) is a British comedian. Kirshen has performed around the world including Singapore Dubai the Netherlands Germany and France. In 2007 he enjoyed a successful run in NBC's Last Comic Standing. Initially known for jokes poking fun at his young appearance he has since turned his attention to more general real world and topical subjects with a tightly-written style involving multiple taglines for every joke. He is an alumnus of Clare College Cambridge.
 Dame Lilian Braithwaite DBE (9 March 1873 – 17 September 1948) born Florence Lilian Braithwaite was an English actress.She was the daughter of a clergyman and born in Ramsgate Kent. She was educated at Croydon High School and married actor-manager Gerald Lawrence first acting with amateur companies. Her first professional London appearance was in As You Like It in 1900.
 Wickaman is a British drum and bass producer and DJ.He has worked with many other producers including J Majik Adam F DJ Hype Hoodlum Mavrik and RV.His debut album was Dubplate Killaz (mixed by DJ Hype.)In September 2008 the track Crazy World with J Majik entered the UK Top 40 peaking at number 37. He also made a drum & bass remix of Deadmau5's I Remember with J Majik.
 Adalbert Stifter (23 October 1805 – 28 January 1868) was an Austrian writer poet painter and pedagogue. He was especially notable for the vivid natural landscapes depicted in his writing and has long been popular in the German-speaking world while almost entirely unknown to English readers.
 Ozier Muhammad is an American photojournalist who has been on the staff of The New York Times since 1992. He has also worked for Ebony Magazine The Charlotte Observer and Newsday. He earned a B.A.
 John R. Stilgoe is an award-winning historian and photographer who is the Robert and Lois Orchard Professor in the History of Landscape at the Visual and Environmental Studies Department of Harvard University where he has been teaching since 1977. He is also a fellow of the Society of American Historians. He was featured on a Sixty Minutes episode in 2004 entitled The Eyes Have It.
 Don Seabolt (born July 30 1944) is an American singer and songwriter best known for singing tenor with the famed Blue Ridge Quartet from Spartanburg South Carolina from 1971-1978. Prior to his tenure with the Blue Ridge Quartet he served as the lead singer for the Prophets Quaret from Nashville Tennessee. In 1978 he left the Blue Ridge to start the Donnie Seabolt Band where he continued to sing and tour until 2002.
 John P. Bell is a digital artist educator and software developer who is presently on the faculty of the New Media department and Innovative Communication Design program at the University of Maine.
 Brooke Dyan Candy (born July 20 1989) is an American rapper. She is best known for co-starring in the music video for Grimes' hit single Genesis. She released a music video for her song Das Me in October 2012. Her second video Everybody Does was released on January 3 2013.
 Bjørg Vik (born 11 September 1935 in Oslo) is a Norwegian writer playwright and journalist. She made her literary debut in 1963 with Søndag ettermiddag (short stories). She was co-founder of the feminist magazine Sirene (1973–1983).
 Stefon Alexander better known by his stage name P.O.S is an underground hip hop artist from Minneapolis Minnesota.He is a founding member of the indie hip hop collective Doomtree and is currently signed to Rhymesayers Entertainment. He has also fronted a number of punk rock bands and is currently serving as guitarist and vocalist for Building Better Bombs as well as vocalist and keyboardist for Marijuana Deathsquads.
 Estelle Bennett (July 22 1941 – February 11 2009) was a member of the girl group The Ronettes along with her sister Ronnie Spector (the 'Ronnie' of the band's name) and cousin Nedra Talley.After the Ronettes' 1966 break-up she recorded a single for Laurie Records The Year 2000/The Naked Boy. She then quit the music business and had rarely been seen since.
 Dr Harry Barry is an Irish author and medical doctor based in County Louth. He has a particular interest in the area of mental health and has extensive experience in his practice of dealing with issues such as depression addiction and anxiety. He has written numerous articles for The Irish Independent and two books: Flagging the Problem and Flagging the Therapy both published by Liberties Press.
 Since 1994 Stef Lopazz also known as LOPAZZ has been part of the Heidelberg based HD800 team; he also runs the multimedia label 800achtspur and is renowned as a film composer and Mix-Mastering-Engineer having written produced and engineered many internationally acclaimed records and films.
 John Strong (born April 9 1969 in Russian SFSR Soviet Union) is a Russian Ukrainian pornographic film actor and director residing in America. He moved to the US as a child and is a naturalized citizen of the United States.He was a featured director and actor for Anabolic Video in 2003 before moving over to Red Light District Video and Platinum X where he could own his own movies John Strong Productions.
 Takashi Hosokawa (細川たかし) born 細川貴志 (Hosokawa Takashi) on 15 June 1950 Makkari Abuta District Hokkaidō Japan) is a Japanese male enka singer.In 1975 he debuted with the song Kokoro Nokori. Hosokawa immediately became one of the most popular enka and pop singers in Japan. He took part in the Kōhaku Uta Gassen for 32 consecutive years but he was finally forced to reject NHK's offer in 2007 due to the Enten controversy.
 Gerald W. Page (born August 12 1939) is an American writer of fantasy science fiction mystery and horror. He was born in Chattanooga Tennessee on August 12 1939. He sold his first story to the magazine Analog where it appeared in 1963.Page acquired Coven 13 magazine from Arthur H. Landis and retitled it Witchcraft and Sorcery Under that title the magazine lasted for six issues.
 Larry Willoughby (born in 1947 in Sherman Texas) is an American country music singer-songwriter and the vice president of A&R at Capitol Records.Willoughby's debut album Building Bridges was released in 1984 by Atlantic America. Three singles were released from the album including the title track which was Willoughby's only single to reach the Top 60 of the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart. It was covered in 2006 by Brooks & Dunn whose version peaked at No. 4.
 Ludwig Schongauer (c. 1440–1494) was a German painter and engraver.Schongauer was born in Augsburg into an Alsatian family of artists later settling in Colmar. His father Caspard was a goldsmith and he had three brothers. Two of his brothers Georg and Paul became goldsmiths themselves while his third brother was the painter Martin Schongauer.
 Mel Davis was a multi-talented musician and arranger best known for his trumpet playing. As well trumpet he played piano violin drums tuba bass accordion and ocarina. He was also known as a vocalist. He was born in Philadelphia in 1931 and died in Florida on Dec. 28th 2004.
 Peter Bernstein is an American-born jazz guitarist.
 Padma Gole (Marathi: पद्मा गोळे) (1913–1998) was a Marathi poet from Maharashtra India. She was one of the many women from rich Indian families who were emboldened by the Gandhian movement to become feminist writers.
 Nelson Alexander Alex Ross (born January 22 1970) is an American comic book writer/artist known primarily for his painted interiors covers and design work. He first became known with the 1994 miniseries Marvels on which he collaborated with writer Kurt Busiek for Marvel Comics. He has since done a variety of projects for both Marvel and DC Comics such as the 1996 miniseries Kingdom Come which Ross co-wrote.
 Johann Jakob Dorner the Elder who was born at Ehrenstetten near Freiburg in Breisgau in 1741 was at first a pupil of Rösch at Freiburg and of Ignaz Bauer at Augsburg. He afterwards visited Italy the Netherlands and Paris; and excelled as a painter of historical and genre subjects. He was a professor and director of the Gallery at Munich in 1770 and died in that city in 1813.
 Scott Monroe Sterling (March 2 1962 – August 27 1987) known by the stage name DJ Scott La Rock was the original DJ of the hip hop group Boogie Down Productions.
 DeWitt Snuffy Jenkins (October 27 1908 – April 29 1990) was an American old time banjo player and an early proponent of the three-finger banjo style.
 Jean-Marie Buchet (born 24 February 1938 in Jemappes Belgium near Mons) is a Belgian author and filmmaker.
 Uki Goñi (born 1953) is an Argentine author who is principally known for his work documenting the escape of Nazi war criminals from Europe.Goñi's research studies the role of the Vatican Swiss authorities and the government of Argentina in organizing 'ratline' escape routes for fugitive criminals and collaborators.
 Kilby Snow (May 28 1905 – March 29 1980) was an American folk musician. A virtuoso autoharpist he was awarded the title of Autoharp Champion of North Carolina at the age of 5 but recorded only a single album for Folkways Records in the 1960s.He was known for his drag note playing style a technique that relied on his left-handedness to produce slurred notes that would be impossible for a right-handed player to recreate due to the reversed relationship between thumb and finger.
 Auguste Le Breton (February 18 1913 – May 31 1999) was a French novelist who wrote primarily about the criminal underworld. His novels were adapted into several notable films of the 1950s such as Rififi Razzia sur la chnouf and Le clan des siciliens. He wrote the dialogue for the noir film Bob le flambeur.Auguste Le Breton was born in Finistère. His childhood name was Auguste Monfort. Tragedy struck early in his life. Before he turned up his father had died in the First World War.
 Dean Deano Butterworth (born September 26 1976) is an English-American drummer. He played for popular singer Morrissey and was announced as the official drummer for the band Good Charlotte in March 2005 after they parted with their previous drummer Chris Wilson in 2005. He drummed for The Cab on their album Symphony Soldier which was released on 23 August 2011.
 Ruth Francken (1924 Prague – 12 September 2006 Paris) was a Czech-American sculptor painter and furniture designer who was mostly active in Paris.
 Andrea Polli (born 1968) is an environmental artist and writer. Polli blends art and science to create widely varied media and technology artworks related to environmental issues. Her work has appeared widely in over one hundred exhibitions and performances both nationally and internationally including the Whitney Museum of American Art Artport and The Field Museum of Natural History.
 Zoran Madzirov (Macedonian: Зоран Маџиров born January 14 1968 in Strumica Republic of Macedonia) Macedonian percussionist and the inventor of the Bottlephone.Zoran performed with and was honored by stars such as Sting Tito Puente Tina Turner Harry Belafonte Scorpions Tommy Emmanuel and others. He founded the group Les Barons Karamazoff in 1987 with Edin Karamazov (guitar lute) and Sasa Dejanovic (Guitar).
 Wols was the pseudonym of Alfred Otto Wolfgang Schulze (May 27 1913 Berlin – September 1 1951 Paris) a German painter and photographer predominantly active in France. Though broadly unrecognized in his lifetime he is considered a pioneer of Lyrical Abstraction one of the most influential artists of the Tachisme movement. He is the author of a book on art theory entitled Aphorismes de Wols.
 Katharina Löwel (born 22 January 1982 in Berlin Germany) better known under her stage name Kitty Kat or Kitten Ket is a German rapper and singer. She became famous as an Aggro Berlin member where she was signed from 2006 to 2009.
 RifRaf (born 1965) in Hamilton New Zealand is an figurative artist and painter based in New Zealand known for monumental images of large women.
 Masakazu Yoshizawa (吉沢 政和 September 10 1950 – October 24 2007) was a Japanese American flutist and musician known for his mastery of the bamboo flute specifically the shakuhachi. Yoshizawa also mastered several other traditional Japanese flutes in addition to other Japanese and Western musical instruments. He was also considered a scholar of ancient and modern Japanese traditional music.
 Ulrike “Uli” Herzner (born 23 April 1971) is a fashion designer originally from East Germany currently living in Miami Beach Florida. She was a contestant on the third season of the Bravo network reality television series Project Runway where she finished runner-up to Jeffrey Sebelia. She is now the star of her own show It's Very Uli on Plum TV.She also participated in season 2 of Project Runway All-Stars where she finished second runner-up.
 Jaxon Benge (born Jackson Lee Benge) is the guitarist for American punk rock band Hed PE. He exclusively uses Ibanez Seven-string guitars in the studio and when performing live.
 Francesca Michielin (born 25 February 1995) is an Italian singer-songwriter. She rose to fame after winning the fifth series of the Italian talent show X Factor. Her first single Distratto debuted atop the Italian FIMI Top Digital Downloads chart and was certified double platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry. Michielin's debut studio album Riflessi di me was released in October 2012 preceded by the single Sola.
 Irena Žerjal (born 20 April 1940) is a Slovene poet writer and translator who also used the pen name Maja Tul in her early work.Žerjal was born in San Giuseppe della Chiusa (Slovene: Ricmanje) in Italy in 1940. She studied Slovene and Russian at the University of Ljubljana. She taught at various Slovene language secondary schools in the Trieste region. She writes poetry and short stories.
 Steve Hughes is an Australian musician and stand-up comedian.
 Jennifer Herrema born 1919 is an American rock music singer songwriter record producer artist and model best known for her work as one half of the rock band Royal Trux.
 Anthony J. (Tony) Sisti (1901–1983) was an American artist art instructor and patron of the arts. In his youth Sisti was also a Bantam Weight boxer. As an artist Sisti was best known for his oil paintings drawings and murals.Sisti studied at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Florence Italy. He then taught at the Art Institute of Buffalo before opening his own gallery in Buffalo New York. Over the years he painted portraits of many important political and business leaders.
 Chelsea Blue (born November 16 1976) is a former pornographic actress who appeared in over 100 adult films between around 1995 and 2004. She appeared in the top-selling U.S. pornographic film of 2003 Snoop Dogg's Hustlaz: Diary of a Pimp which was released in 2002.
 Tatsuhiko Takimoto (滝本 竜彦 Takimoto Tatsuhiko born September 20 1978) is a Japanese author best known for his novel Welcome to the N.H.K.Welcome to the N.H.K. began as a single novel by Takimoto with a cover illustratation by Yoshitoshi ABe which was published by Kadokawa Shoten in Japan on January 28 2002. The story was later adapted as a manga series also written by Takimoto with art by Kendi Oiwa.
 Andrei Georgiyevich Bitov (Russian: Андре́й Гео́ргиевич Би́тов born Leningrad/St. Petersburg May 27 1937) is a prominent Russian writer. Many consider him among the foremost Russian writers of the late 20th century.
 José Antonio Aguilar Jiménez (born August 7 1968) better known as Pepe Aguilar is an American-born Mexican singer-songwriter and actor who works in ranchera mariachi and pop genres. He is the son of music and film stars Antonio Aguilar and Flor Silvestre (Guillermina Jiménez). Aguilar has won four Grammy Award and four Latin Grammy Awards.
 Toll Yagami (ヤガミ トール Yagami Toll born August 19 1962 in Takasaki Gunma Japan) is a Japanese musician. Known as the drummer of the rock band Buck-Tick since 1985. He is the older brother of Yutaka Higuchi Buck-Tick's bassist.
 Larry Fuller (born July 14 1965) is a jazz pianist based in New York City performing in the style of mainstream jazz. Fuller was the last pianist with legendary bassist Ray Brown's Trio a member of the Jeff Hamilton Trio and most recently a member of the John Pizzarelli Quartet. He has also performed with artists including Stanley Turrentine Phil Woods Clark Terry Herb Ellis Ernestine Anderson John Legend and Nicholas Payton.
 Jacques Fabbri (1925–1997) was a French actor.
 Pierre Vachon (3 June 1738 – 7 October 1803) was a French composer.Vachon was born in Avignon. He wrote around thirty string quartets various chamber works operas and orchestral pieces. He studied the violin with Carlo Chiabrano in Paris and first performed on 24 December 1756 at the Concert Spirituel playing one of his own compositions. He also performed as first violinist in the orchestra of the Prince of Conti. He died in Berlin.
 Margaret Lacey (15 February 1910 – 4 October 1989) was a Welsh actress and ballet teacher. She lived in retirement at Wern in the snowdonia village of Rowen Conwy.She appeared in over 30 films between 1957 and 1985 mostly playing a sweet old lady or motherly figure in minor roles.
 Makoto Yoshimori (吉森 信 Yoshimori Makoto born 1969) is a Japanese composer and pianist known for his soundtracks to many anime.
 Deborah Anne Tall (March 16 1951 - October 19 2006) was an American writer and poet. From 1982 until 2006 she was a professor of literature and writing at Hobart and William Smith Colleges and edited the literary journal The Seneca Review. She is the author of four books of poetry and three works of nonfiction and co-edited the anthology The Poet's Notebook with David Weiss and Stephen Kuusisto.
 Hideyuki Umezu (梅津 秀行 Umezu Hideyuki born July 24 1955 in Aichi) is a Japanese voice actor and member of 81 Produce.
 David R. Montgomery is a Professor of Earth and Space Sciences at the University of Washington in Seattle where he leads the Geomorphological Research Group and is a member of the Quaternary Research Center. Montgomery received his B.S. in geology from Stanford University in 1984 and his Ph.D. in geomorphology from University of California Berkeley in 1991.
 Pedro J. Déniz Acosta (Santa Brígida Las Palmas de Gran Canaria Canary Islands Spain 1964) is an interdisciplinary artist who has developed art projects and experiences ranging from the objectual art to installation art from art photography to video art cultivating art intervention performance art visual poetry and graphic design.
 Beverley Martyn (born Beverley Kutner on 24 March 1947) is an English singer songwriter and guitarist.
 Gō Ikeyamada (池山田剛 Ikeyamada Gō born May 25) is a Japanese manga artist. She made her debut with Get Love!! in 2002 which was serialized in Shōjo Comic. Her manga mostly consists of a more young adult audience due to some explicit content.
 Phildel is a British singer-songwriter from London. Her name is a composite of her Chinese father and Irish mother's names - Philip and Della.
 David Space Beaver Guillas (born February 27 1979) is a Canadian guitarist. Formerly of Giant Sons and Rough Music he is currently a member of hardcore punk band Propagandhi.
 Ellery Eskelin (born August 16 1959) is an American tenor saxophonist born in Wichita Kansas and raised in Baltimore Maryland from the age of two. His parents Rodd Keith and Bobbie Lee were both professional musicians. Rodd Keith died in 1974 in Los Angeles California and became a cult figure after his death in the little-known field of song-poem music.
 Manuel Espinosa was an Argentinian painter.
 Sam Hansen better known by his stage name PNC is a New Zealand Hip hop rapper.The name PNC is an acronym for Palmerston North CityHe went to Awatapu College. PNC first gained underground notoriety performing alongside Breaking Wreckwordz.
 Isabelle Nanty (born 21 January 1962 in Verdun Meuse) is a French actress and film director.see http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0353243/. She played the part of Georgette in the 2000 French film Amélie and Isabelle in La Belle Histoire (1992). She played the lead in the popular French comedy Les Tuche directed by Olivier Baroux as the mother of a family winning the Euro lottery and moving from poverty in the French countryside to a wealthy life in Monaco.
 Nigel Durham (born 25 August 1965) is the drummer on Saxon's 1988 album Destiny. Previously he played in the Sheffield glam rock band Monroe (later called Torrcha) with Gary White (vocals) Graham Mickey Torr (rhythm guitar backing vocals) Chris Saunders (lead guitar) and Rico (bass guitar). As of late August 2013 Durham has joined the U.K. band Morpheus Rising as their new drummer.
 Paul Haslinger (born 11 December 1962) is an Austrian-born composer and musician currently based in Los Angeles California.
 Jim Mitchell (born April 28 1949) is an American underground cartoonist from Milwaukee.
 Imogen Edwards-Jones (born June 1968 Birmingham) is a British writer author and journalist.
 Arnold Arre (born on September 2 1971 in Metro Manila Philippines) is a Filipino comic book writer and artist.
 Ian Carr (21 April 1933 – 25 February 2009) was a Scottish jazz musician composer writer and educator.
 John Mackay Wilson (15 August 1804 – 2 October 1835) was a Scottish writer famous for the six volume Tales of The Borders. He was born in Tweedmouth on the border between Scotland and England. Towards the end of his life he suffered from alcoholism. Two of his plays were The Gowrie Conspiracy and Margaret of Anjou.
 Henrik Lacaj (1909-1991) was an Albanian humanitarian linguist and translator. He authored textbooks plays and various studies on historical figures such as Scanderbeg and Luigj Gurakuqi but in Albania he is most venerated for his numerous translations of Latin and Greek masterpieces.
 John Geoffrey Hyett Dickinson (born June 1962) is an English author of young adult novels. His first novel The Cup of the World was published in 2004 and his novel The Lightstep written for adults was published in 2008.Dickinson lives in Painswick Gloucestershire.
 Charles T. Harmon better known as Chuck Harmony is an American music producer musician and songwriter based in Los Angeles CA. Chuck Harmony produced the following songs
 Kree Annette Harrison (born May 17 1990) is an American singer and musician who was the runner-up on the twelfth season of American Idol.
 Chris Mason is an American Christian singer-songwriter. Raised in the outskirts of Atlanta GA Mason attended Berry College in Rome GA majoring in Family Counseling until graduating in 2001.After graduating he began his musical career releasing his first album Not So Gracefully (2001).
 Tito Conti (Florence 1842-1924) was an Italian painter mainly of genre costume or historical subjects.
 Caroline Cellier is a French actress. She has appeared in such films as L'année des méduses (Year of the Jellyfish) La vie l'amour la mort Le zèbre and Le plaisir (et ses petits tracas).
 Cheb i Sabbah (August 7 1947 – November 6 2013) was a DJ and composer/producer known for combining Asian Arabian and African sounds into his compositions. Sabbah was of Jewish and Berber descent. He was born in Algeria and came from a family of musicians. When he was a teenager Sabbah moved to Paris and in 1964 began his career DJing American soul music records. In 1984 settled as a DJ in San Francisco.
 Ray Tyson better known by his stage name Ray Luv is an American rapper from Santa Rosa California.
 Jim Dwyer (born March 4 1957 in New York City) is an American journalist who is a reporter and columnist with The New York Times and the author or co-author of five non-fiction books. A native New Yorker Dwyer wrote columns for New York Newsday and the New York Daily News before joining the Times.
 Jim Scott is an American music producer and engineer best known for his large body of work as an engineer and his work as a producer with American rock band Wilco. Scott has worked as engineer with a range of other rock music artists including Dixie Chicks Tom Petty Sting the Rolling Stones Roger Daltrey Crowded House 7 Worlds Collide Red Hot Chili Peppers Lowen & Navarro Jack's Mannequin and many others.
 Robin Jones Gunn is the best selling Christian author of over 82 books including several series aimed at teen girls as well as Christian fiction for older women and a few non-fiction books. Her books have sold over 4.5 million copies worldwide.
 Mikael Kristian Gabriel Sohlman (born 25 February 1990) professionally known as Mikael Gabriel or MG is a Finnish rapper of Romani heritage. He has released three solo albums while also having appeared as a featured guest on songs by artists such as Cheek Lord Est Robin and Uniikki.
 Deon Godfrey Meyer is a South African thriller novelist writing in Afrikaans. His books have been translated into 20 languages. He has also written numerous scripts for television and film.
 Rajeeb Samdani (born in 28 March 1974) is a Bangladeshi industrialist. He is currently the Managing Director of Golden Harvest Group and the founder and trustee of Samdani Art Foundation. He is also the founding committee member of Tate Museum United Kingdom South Asian Acquisition Committee and a member at the advisory board of Colombo Art Biennial.
 Yoshie Hayasaka (早坂 好恵 Hayasaka Yoshie born 25 September 1975 in Naha Okinawa) is a Japanese actress and singer. Along with the ranking in the top 100 in the Oricon Singles Chart for several of her songs her single Zettai! Part 2 reached number 42. In 2003 she married the Japanese pro wrestler known as Super Delfin.
 Tony Rothman (born 1953) is an American theoretical physicist academic and writer.
 Edward Dannreuther (4 November 1844 Strasbourg – 12 February 1905 Hastings) was a German pianist and writer on music resident from 1863 in England. His father had crossed the Atlantic moving to Cincinnati and there established a piano manufacturing business. Young Edward under pressure from his father to enter banking as a career a prospect he found uncongenial escaped to Leipzig in 1859.He trained as a musician at the Leipzig Conservatoire where he was a pupil of Ignaz Moscheles.
 Erling Pedersen (born 15 January 1947) is a Norwegian novelist writer of short stories and children's writer.
 Lonnie Smith styled Dr. Lonnie Smith (born July 3 1942) is an American jazz Hammond B3 organist.
 Laura Molina born December 15 1957 is a Mexican-American artist musician and actress from Los Angeles California. Molina is perhaps best known for her Naked Dave paintings and being the lead singer/guitarist of the 1980s rock band Tiger Lily. She is also the creator of Cihualyaomiquiz The Jaguar a self-published comic book printed under Molina's own Insurgent Comix imprint.
 Rebecca Sinclair is an American author of twelve historical romance novels.According to Romantic Times Sinclair has a skillful way with characters and some of her supporting cast members were so interesting they deserve books of their own. 
 Henri-Benjamin Constant de Rebecque (French: [kɔ̃stɑ̃]; 25 October 1767 – 8 December 1830) or simply Benjamin Constant was a Swiss-born French politician writer on politics and religion. He was the author of a partly biographical psychological novel Adolphe.
 Paul Albert Anka OC (born July 30 1941) is a Canadian singer songwriter and actor. Anka became famous in the late 1950s 1960s and 1970s with hit songs like Diana Lonely Boy Put Your Head on My Shoulder and (You're) Having My Baby.
 Maxine McArthur is an Australian writer of science fiction.
 Kim Jong-kook (born April 25 1976) is a South Korean singer and TV personality. He was initially part of the Korean duo Turbo later pursuing a successful career as a solo artist. Apart from being a 3 Daesang Award Winner Singer he also participates actively in many variety shows including: Crisis Escape No. 1 Running Man X-man and Family Outing since episode 19.Kim So-ya a Korean female singer under the mononym Soya is his niece.
 Coşkun Büktel (born 1950) is a Turkish playwright screenwriter novelist and theatre critic. He was born in İzmir Turkey in 1950 and graduated from the English Philology department of Istanbul University in 1981. He is best known for his twice-published play Theope and also as a highly creative theatre critic.Büktel also has published a drama anthology named Eleştiren Oyunlar (The Criticizing Plays) and has also translated D. H. Lawrence’s novella The Fox into Turkish.
 Kaoru (薫 Kaoru born February 17 1974 in Hyōgo) is a Japanese musician best known as the leader and one of the guitarists of the visual kei metal band Dir En Grey. He has been with the group since its inception in 1997 and was previously a member of La:Sadie's. He has composed most of Dir en grey's songs (at least up to the Vulgar album at which individual credits for the music were dropped).
 Stephen Hancock is a British TV actor. He was born in Stratford-upon-Avon in 1929. He is most notable for his role as Ernest Bishop in Coronation Street which he played from 1969 until the character was killed off in 1978. His brother was the late Christopher Hancock who played Charlie Cotton in EastEnders. In 2011 he appeared in a Coronation Street tribute programme.
 Guillaume Apollinaire (French: [ɡijom apɔlinɛʁ]; 26 August 1880 – 9 November 1918) born Wilhelm Albert Włodzimierz Apolinary Kostrowicki was a French poet playwright short story writer novelist and art critic of Polish descent. He is considered one of the foremost poets of the early 20th century as well as one of the forefathers of surrealism.
 Susan Fassbender (1959–1991) was an English singer songwriter and musician best remembered for the single Twilight Café which reached No. 21 in the UK Singles Chart in February 1981.
 For the U.S. Representative from Vermont see Augustus Young (representative).Augustus Young (born 1943 in Cork Ireland) is an Irish poet.
 Louis Liebe (1819–1900) was a German conductor and composer who was a pupil of Louis Spohr. He became musical director at Worms. One of his pupils was Friedrich Gernsheim.
 Edward Theodore Riley (born October 8 1967) professionally known as Teddy Riley is a Grammy Award winning American singer-songwriter musician keyboardist and record producer credited with the creation of the New Jack Swing genre. Through his production work with Michael Jackson Bobby Brown Doug E. Fresh Today Keith Sweat Heavy D. Usher Jane Child etc.
 Sultanna Frantsuzova is a Russian fashion designer known for her inexpensive design clothes. She was named Designer of the Year by the Russian Glamour magazine in 2005.
 Rosemary Cove is an American sculptor. She was born on January 11 1936 in New York City.Rosemary Cove is best known for her work with Corten Steel clay and wax. She also creates painting and collage. Her subject is primarily the female form. Cove has received a Ford Foundation Grant National Endowment for the Arts Residency Grant New York State Council for the Arts Grant and National Endowment for the Arts Invitational Residency.
 Jamil Alibekov is a famous Azerbaijan writer and public figure. He is the author of more than 40 works. For twenty years he worked in responsible positions in the media and he was favorite person among young people.[citation needed] He had traveled to four countries of the continent and his essays written from the United States Turkey United Kingdom Russia (Siberia) Austria Iran and others countries that he visited was cause of the interest.
 Julian Bleach (born 1964) is an English actor who is best known as co-creator and M. C. of Shockheaded Peter a musical entertainment based on the works of Heinrich Hoffmann which won the 2002 Olivier Award for Best Entertainment.
 Reginald W. Manning (April 5 1905 Kansas City Missouri – March 10 1986) better known as Reg Manning was an American artist and illustrator best known for his editorial cartoons.He came to live in Phoenix Arizona. Manning’s only art training occurred during high school. After graduating Manning worked as a freelancer. In 1926 The Arizona Republic hired Manning as a photographer and artist. At first Manning's work appeared in several forms in the paper.
 Alessandro Rinaldi (April 5 1839 –1890) was an Italian painter. He was born in Cremona and died in Rome. He was initially trained with Gallo Gallina then in the Brera Academy under Hayez and by 1857 with Giuseppe Bertini. His most prominent works was Volta che scopre la pila.In 1859 he enrolled in the Cacciatori delle Alpi and he was one of the 16 garibaldini that along with the Polish soldier Sadowski first entered Como.
 Colleen Coover (born July 14 1969) is a comic book artist based in Portland Oregon. She is probably best known as creator of the lesbian-themed erotic comic book Small Favors from Eros Comix illustrator of the comic book limited series Banana Sunday from Oni Press and for illustrating several short stories in X-Men: First Class from Marvel Comics.
 Philip Owen Arnould Sherrard (23 September 1922 – 30 May 1995) was a British author translator and philosopher. His work includes important translations of Modern Greek poets and books on Modern Greek literature and culture metaphysics theology art and aesthetics. A pioneer of Modern Greek studies in England he was influential in making major Greek poets of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries known in the English-speaking world.
 Abanindranath Tagore (7 August 1871 – 5 December 1951) was the principal artist and creator of 'Indian Society of Oriental Art' and the first major exponent of swadeshi values in Indian art thereby founding the influential Bengal school of art which led to the developmentof modern Indian painting He was also a noted writer particularly for children.
 Gustav Pfizer (1807-1890) was a German poet and critic of the Swabian school.
 Rosina Ruth Lucia Park AM (24 August 1917 – 14 December 2010) was a New Zealand–born Australian author. Her best known works are the novels The Harp in the South (1948) and Playing Beatie Bow (1980) and the children's radio serial The Muddle-Headed Wombat (1951–1970) which also spawned a book series (1962–1982).
 Percy Leo Crosby (December 8 1891 – December 8 1964) was an American author illustrator and cartoonist best known for his popular comic strip Skippy. Adapted into movies a novel and a radio show Crosby's creation was commemorated on a 1997 U.S. Postal Service stamp. An inspiration for Charles Schulz's Peanuts the strip is regarded by comics historian Maurice Horn as a classic...
 Chris Moore is a Maryland born American hip hop artist who goes by the stage name Atari Blitzkrieg. Currently signed to his own label Godsendant Music he is known for his heavy use of alliteration multi-syllabic rhyming schemes and incorporation of various genres into his music. A review on Music Zeitgeist states Atari Blitzkrieg is not a noise-core post-electro-clash/Blade Runner tributary.
 Robert Cannon (Sculptor) (b. Flemington New Jersey May 10 1969) is an American sculptor. He holds a BA with distinction from Yale University. While attending Yale Cannon studied under the American Sculptor Alice Aycock.
 Lee Adams (born August 27 1970) is a London based performance artist curator and experimental film maker. Much of his work has been influenced by the ideas of French dissident surrealist and philosopher Georges Bataille.
 Amanda Stott (born May 6 1982) is a Canadian pop singer from Brandon Manitoba Canada.
 Pedro Paulo Bruno (October 14 1888 – February 2 1949) was a Brazilian painter singer poet and landscaper of Italian origin. His best known work is the 1918 painting A Pátria (English: Fatherland) which depicts the Brazilian flag being embroidered by a family.
 Ichirō Sakaki (榊一郎 Sakaki Ichirō) is a Japanese writer. He writes light novels and manga.
 Lam Chi-chung (simplified Chinese: 林子聪; traditional Chinese: 林子聰; pinyin: Lín Zǐcōng; born 16 August 1976) is a Hong Kong actor.
 Joseph Jackson (June 8 1894 – May 26 1932) was an American screenwriter who was nominated for the now dead category of Best Story at the 4th Academy Awards. He was nominated alongside with Lucien Hubbard. They were nominated for Smart Money.He had over 50 screenplay credits from 1927 to 1932.
 Lucy Myers Wright Mitchell (March 20 1845 – March 10 1888) was an American writer historian and expert on ancient art. Mitchell was one of the first Americans to write and publish a book on classical sculpture and was one of the first women to study the field of classical archaeology.Mitchell was born in Urumiah Persia and was the daughter of missionary and oriental scholar Austin Hazen Wright and the sister of classical scholar John Henry Wright.
 Tracy Darrell Trace Adkins (born January 13 1962) is an American country music artist and actor. He made his debut in 1995 with the album Dreamin' Out Loud released on Capitol Records Nashville. Since then Adkins has released seven more studio albums and two Greatest Hits compilations.
 Daniel Duval (28 November 1944 – 10 October 2013) was a French film actor director and writer.Best known as an actor Duval has credits in over 70 television and film productions. As a filmmaker Duval was awarded the Silver Prize at the 10th Moscow International Film Festival in 1977 for his drama film Shadow of the Castles which he wrote and directed.
 Úlfur Hansson (born 1988) better known as Klive is an Icelandic electronic musician. Klive's first album Sweaty Psalms was released in May 2008. It was recorded and written over two years self-released but distributed by Kimi Records locally. The record received outstanding reviews in local newspapers and webzines for example being voted the seventh best album of 2008 by rjominn.is. In promotion of the album Klive toured Germany in 2009 opening for Kira Kira.
 Hunt Slonem (born Hunt Slonim July 18 1951) is an American painter sculptor and printmaker. He is best known for his Neo-Expressionist paintings of tropical birds often based on a personal aviary in which he has been keeping from 30 to over 100 live birds of various species. Slonem's works are included in many important museum collections all over the world; he is exhibiting regularly at both public and private venues and he has received numerous honors and awards.
 Alvin Pang (Chinese: 冯啟明; born 1972 Singapore) was named 2005 Young Artist of the Year (Literature) by the National Arts Council Singapore. He holds a First Class Honours degree in English literature from the University of York and an Honorary Fellowship in Writing from the University of Iowa's International Writing Program (2002). For his contributions he was conferred the Singapore Youth Award (Arts and Culture) in 2007 and the JCCI Foundation Education Award in 2008.
 South American Federico Ramos (a.k.a. Freddy) is a guitarist arranger producer and composer based in Santa Monica California. While in his native Uruguay he began his career playing with Eduardo Mateo and Uruguayan rock bands. He is credited with incorporating jazz blues and rock influences to urban Uruguayan music as it is ascertained in the book De las Cuevas al Solís by Fernando Peláez.
 Billy Wayne Grammer (August 28 1925 – August 10 2011) was an American country music singer and accomplished guitar player. He recorded the million-selling Gotta Travel On which made it onto both the country and pop music charts in 1959. Grammer would become a regular performer on the Grand Ole Opry eventually designing and marketing his namesake guitar after co-founding a guitar company in Nashville Tennessee.
 Dr. Robin Cook (born Robert Brian Cook on May 4 1940 in New York City) is an American physician and novelist who writes about medicine and topics affecting public health.He is best known for combining medical writing with the thriller genre. Many of his books have been bestsellers on the New York Times Bestseller List. Several of his books have also been featured in Reader's Digest. His books have sold nearly 100 million copies.
 Stanley Beresford Donn Reynolds (June 26 1921 – August 16 1997) was a Canadian country music singer and yodeler most widely known for his Bavarian style of yodeling. Often referred to as Canada's King of the Yodelers Reynolds established two yodeling world records. He recorded 38 singles and six albums throughout a performing career spanning over 40 years.
 William Caparne (1855–1940) born William John Caparn was a horticulturist and a painter of floral and other subjects. He created the first hybrids in the intermediate bearded iris group and is thought to have created more than 100 cultivars of bulbous iris.
 Ben Macintyre (born 1963) is a British author historian reviewer and columnist writing for The Times newspaper. His columns range from current affairs to historical controversies.
 Henry Djanik (1926–2008) was a French actor.
 Sidsel Mørck (born 1937) is a Norwegian lyricist and novelist. She made her literary debut in 1967 with the poetry collection Et ødselt sekund.Mørck was awarded the Mads Wiel Nygaards Endowment in 1976. She was awarded the Fritt Ord Honorary Award in 1990.
 Harendra Narayan Das (1 February 1921 – 31 January 1993) better known as Haren Das was a highly respected artist in India who worked almost exclusively in printmaking mediums. His work included engravings linocuts etchings and lithographs though he is most remembered for the technical skill of his woodcuts and wood engravings.Haren Das followed a tradition of wood engraving that developed in the bazaars of north Calcutta in the mid-19th century.
 Giacomo Antonio Francesco Paolo Michele Insanguine (22 March 1728 Monopoli – 1 February 1795 Naples) was an Italian composer organist and music educator.
 Carl Billquist (19 May 1933 – 19 May 1993) was a Swedish actor. He appeared in 60 films and television shows between 1961 and 1993.
 Dhruva Chatterjee or Dhruv Chatterjee was a noted writer and screenwriter of Hindi cinema in the 1960s and 1970s. Memorable movies written and scripted by him include Chirag Kahan Roshni Kahan (1960) Hariyali Aur Rasta (1962) Gehra Daag (1963) Woh Kaun Thi? (1964) Kohra (1964) Gumnaam (1965) Chor Machaye Shor (1974) Dus Numbri (1976) and Fakira (1976). He was also nominated for the Filmfare Award for Best Story in 1960 for Chirag Kahan Roshni Kahan (1959).
 Nick Davies is a British investigative journalist writer and documentary maker.Davies has written extensively as a freelancer as well as for The Guardian and The Observer and been named Reporter of the Year Journalist of the Year and Feature Writer of the Year at the British Press Awards.Davies has made documentaries for ITV's World in Action and written numerous books on the subject of politics and journalism including Flat Earth News which attracted considerable controversy as an exposé of journalistic malpractice in the UK and across the globe. 
 Moonga Kalangu Kapambwe (born 3 September 1996) better known by his stage name Moonga K. is a singer-songwriter from Zambia.
 Peter S. Pezzati aka Pietro Pezzati (September 18 1902 - February 19 1993) was an American portrait painter who was located in the Boston area. His art was rooted in the Renaissance tradition. His artwork included landscapes pen and ink drawings watercolors pastel and oil portraits.
 Humayun Ahmed (Bengali: হুমায়ূন আহমেদ; 13 November 1948 – 19 July 2012) was a Bangladeshi author dramatist screenwriter playwright and filmmaker. Dawn referred to him as the cultural legend of Bangladesh. Humayun reached peak of his fame with the publication of his novel Nondito Noroke (In Blissful Hell) in 1972 which remains one of his most famous works winning admiration from literary critics including Dr. Ahmed Sarif.
 Ric Manrique Jr. (born Ricardo Manrique Jr. on 23 May 1941) is a Filipino Kundiman singer. He is known as one of the two Hari Ng Kundiman (Kings of Kundiman) in the Philippines alongside Ruben Tagalog. He was a member of the Mabuhay Singers in the 1950s. He recorded his first album in the early 1960s and recorded most of his songs with Villar Records.Manrique is best known for his songs that became theme songs of popular Filipino movies.
 Miki Inoue (井上 美紀 Inoue Miki born 8 December 1967) is a Japanese voice actress affiliated with Aoni Production. Her hometown is Wakayama Wakayama Prefecture.
 Gérard Berliner (1956–2010) was a French actor and composer.
 Charles Garabed Atamian (September 18 1872 - July 30 1947) was an Ottoman-born French painter of Armenian descent.
 Elías Pino Iturrieta (Boconó Venezuela 9 October 1944) is a Venezuelan writer and historian. He served as Director of the Venezuelan Academy of History which he joined on 27 February 1997. Is Director of the Institute for Historical Research at Andrés Bello Catholic University since 1999. He graduated from UCV in 1962 and obtained a doctorate from El Colegio de México in 1969.
 Juan Bernardo Gutiérrez (born March 17 1973) is a Colombian author who resides in the United States known primarily for his theoretical and practical contributions in the field of hypertext fiction.
 Meshell Ndegeocello (/mɪˈʃɛl ndɛˈɡeɪoʊtʃɛloʊ/; born Michelle Lynn Johnson August 29 1968) is an American singer-songwriter rapper bassist and vocalist. Her music incorporates a wide variety of influences including funk soul hip hop reggae R&B rock and jazz. She has received significant critical acclaim throughout her career and has had ten career Grammy Award nominations. She has been credited for having sparked the neo-soul movement.
 Owen Wright is an American musician best known for playing guitar with the Seattle-based metal bands Mistrust and My Sister's Machine.
 Ann Burton (March 4 1933 Amsterdam – November 29 1989 Amsterdam) is the pseudonym of Johanna Rafalowicz (between 1938 and 1971: Johanna de Paauw) a Dutch jazz singer.
 Wes Funk is a Canadian writer. Based in Saskatoon Saskatchewan he has published two novels and a chapbook of poetry and short stories to date with a third novel scheduled for publication in 2012. He also hosts a weekly television series Lit Happens on Shaw TV's services in Saskatchewan.Funk who is gay was raised in a Mennonite household in rural Saskatchewan.
 Mohammad-Rezā Lotfi (Persian: محمد رضا لطفی‎) (January 7 1947 – May 2 2014) was a Persian classical musician renowned for his mastery of the tar and setar.
 Genevieve Stump Foster (April 13 1893 – August 30 1979) was an American children's writer who illustrated most of her own books. She was one runner-up for the annual Newbery Medal four times one of four writers to do so.
 Yoo Hee-yeol stylized as You Hee-yeol (Hangul: 유희열; born April 19 1971) is a Korean pop singer-songwriter composer and pianist. He is the leader of his one-man project band Toy.
 Gianluca Arrighi (born 3 October 1972) is an Italian writer.Born in Rome Arrighi graduated in criminal law then after some technical publications he made his debut in fiction with Crimina romana in 2009; the novel was adopted as a textbook in the schools of the Province of Rome and President Nicola Zingaretti to battle against the rampant phenomenon of juvenile delinquency organized several lectures in universities on justice in which Arrighi from time to time he met about two hundred students to answer their questions about crimes and crime.Between 2010 and 2011 Arrighi wrote for several italian magazines a series of noir short stories. 
 Iván Carvajal Aguirre (born 1948 in San Gabriel Ecuador) is an Ecuadorian poet philosopher and writer. In 1984 he received Ecuador's National Prize for Literature the Aurelio Espinosa Pólit prize for his work entitled Parajes. In February 2013 he won the Premio a las Libertades Juan Montalvo.Carvajal lives in Quito Ecuador and works as a Professor at the Pontifical Catholic University of Ecuador.
 Brian Wood (born January 29 1972) is a writer illustrator and graphic designer living in Brooklyn New York. He is known primarily as a comic book creator; Wood both writes and illustrates graphic novels and serialized monthly comic books for a variety of publishers.During his comics career Wood held a day job for several years as a staff designer for Rockstar Games designing for video game franchises such as Grand Theft Auto Midnight Club Max Payne Smuggler's Run and Manhunt.
 Hsissen (December 8 1929 – September 29 1958) was an Algerian singer.
 Thomas Andrew Dorsey (July 1 1899 – January 23 1993) was known as the father of black gospel music and was at one time so closely associated with the field that songs written in the new style were sometimes known as dorseys. Earlier in his life he was a leading blues pianist known as Georgia Tom.As formulated by Dorsey gospel music combines Christian praise with the rhythms of jazz and the blues.
 Leland Myrick is an author and illustrator. He was born in Missouri and currently lives in Pasadena California. In 1999 he was nominated for an Ignatz Award for Promising New Talent for The Sweet Collection and in 2004 he was awarded a Xeric Grant to create Bright Elegy. In 2006 he published a graphic novel titled Missouri Boy. A short story titled Sustain This Song was published in summer 2010 in Flight volume 7.
 Özlem Tekin (born November 18 1971) is a Turkish singer TV show host[citation needed] and occasional actress primarily known for her music. Though she started out in the hard rock genre her music has progressed to incorporate different styles such as house punk pop and Turkish folk music.
 Erin Bosenberg is a multi-media and performance artist living and working in Cape Town South Africa. Her work concerns ideas of place identity and bodily experience using text word play and gestures to develop these ideas.
 Clyde Prince'Lee McKnight (born April 29 1992) is an American singer-songwriter rapper dancer and actor. He is of African-American Afro-Trinidadian & Samoan descent. He was formally signed to Queen Bee Entertainment and is now independent.
 Sieur Dubois and Sieur D. B. are the pseudonymous names of a traveller who reached the islands of Madagascar and Réunion at the time of early colonization by France. He wrote a book in French published in 1674 about his journeys and the wildlife he saw including details of several species of birds endemic to Réunion that have since become extinct such as the Réunion Ibis Réunion Swamphen and Réunion Rail.
 William Edwin Walton (1909/1910 - December 18 1994) was an American journalist and abstract expressionist painter. He was a confidante of President John F. Kennedy and Jacqueline Kennedy and chaired the U.S. Commission of Fine Arts from 1963 to 1971.
 Kenneth Colyer (18 April 1928 – 8 March 1988) was an English jazz trumpeter and cornetist devoted to New Orleans jazz. His band was also known for skiffle interludes.
 Ben Pollack (June 22 1903 - June 7 1971) was an American drummer and bandleader from the mid-1920s through the swing era. His eye for talent led him to either discover or employ at one time or another musicians such as Benny Goodman Jack Teagarden Glenn Miller Jimmy McPartland and Harry James. This ability earned him the nickname Father of Swing.
 Derrick Watkins (born February 13 1974) better known as Fonzworth Bentley or Farnsworth Bentley is a musician and author. He is perhaps best known for being Sean Combs' former personal valet and assistant as first seen in Making the Band 2 and is currently the host of MTV's From G's to Gents. His first single Everybody features Kanye West and Andre 3000. He was born in Atlanta Georgia.
 Michelle Chia (Chinese: 谢韵仪; pinyin: Xiè Yùnyí) is a Singaporean actress and television host.
 Adam Vincent Schreiber (born June 6 1980) better known by his stage name Qwel is an underground rapper originally from Chicago Illinois. Qwel is co-founder of the underground rap crew Typical Cats with fellow MCs Denizen Kane and Qwazaar and producers / DJs Kid Knish and DJ Natural. Qwel has also released full-length collaboration projects with producers Maker Jackson Jones Meaty Ogre Mike Gao Silence and Kip Killagain.
 Azumi Asakura (浅倉 杏美 Asakura Azumi born February 15 1987) also known as Azumi Yamamoto (山本 杏美 Yamamoto Azumi) is a Japanese voice actress affiliated with Arts Vision.
 Teodoro Matteini (Pistoia 1753 - Venice 1831) was an Italian painter mainly of historical and religious subjects.
 Edgar Calabia Samar (born 1981) is a poet and fictionist from San Pablo City Philippines. He has received the Palanca Awards for his poetry collections and futuristic fiction. He has also been awarded the PBBY-Salanga Writer's Prize the NCCA Writer's Prize for the Novel the Gantimpalang Collantes sa Sanaysay and the Gawad Surian sa Tula. His poetry book Pag-aabang sa Kundiman: Isang Tulambuhay was nominated for the National Book Award.
 Jerry Gonzalez (b. New York June 5 1949) is an American-born Latino jazz trumpeter and percussionist most noteworthy for his contributions to Latin jazz.
 Paddy Richardson is a writer who lives in Dunedin New Zealand and has published two collections of short stories'Choices'(Hard Echo Press 1986) and 'If We Were Lebanese' [Steele Roberts 2003) and three novels 'The Company of a Daughter' (Steele Roberts 2000) A Year to Learn A Woman' (Penguin 2008) and 'Hunting Blind' (Penguin 2010).
 María Rosa Yorio (born August 28 1954 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine painter singer songwriter instructor and band leader.
 Elizabeth Bachinsky (born May 10 1976) is a Canadian poet. She has published four collections since 2005: Curio Home of Sudden Service God of Missed Connections and The Hottest Summer in Recorded History. Her second book Home of Sudden Service was nominated for a 2006 Governor General's Award for Poetry. Bachinsky's work has appeared in literary journals and anthologies in Canada the U.S. France Ireland the U.K. China and Lebanon.
 Kenza Farah (born July 8 1986) is a French singer-songwriter of Algerian origin. Her album Authentik won gold in its second week. It was followed up by Avec le coeur and Trésor.
 Ustad Ali Baksh (1850-1920) was an Indian classical singer. Together with Fateh Ali Khan he founded the Patiala Gharana. This gharana is claimed to combine the musical traditions of Delhi gharana Gwalior Gharana and Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana. The gharana has many notable pupils including Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan Malika Pukhraj and Gauhar Jan. Ustad Ali Baksh Khan regularly sang with Fateh Ali Khan. Before the partition of India they were the court musicians in Patiala.
 Anaïs Helena Kretz Lameche (born 19 August 1987 in French Alps France) is an original member of the Swedish pop group Play. She is the only member of Play out of its seven different members to appear in all four different line-ups of the group. She is also the last remaining original member of the group since Faye's second departure in January 2011.In 2001 Play's first single Us Against the World was featured on the Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen movie Holiday In The Sun.
 Stephen Harrigan is an American writer known primarily for his 2000 historical novel The Gates of the Alamo.
 Michio Takeyama (竹山 道雄 Takeyama Michio 17 July 1903 – 15 June 1984) was a Japanese writer literary critic and scholar of German literature active in Shōwa period Japan.
 Eyvind Stauri Solås (11 May 1937 – 22 April 2011) was a Norwegian musician composer actor and program host in NRK both the Norwegian television and radio.
 Renato D'Aiello is an Italian saxophonist resident in London United Kingdom.He started his professional career playing with Giovanni Tommaso's big band for a television programme in Italy. In 1987 Renato received a scholarship from the Berklee College of Music.Since October 2003 D'Aiello has been saxophone teacher at Sherborne School Dorset.
 Florian Hecker was born in 1975 in Augsburg Germany. He was raised in Kissing Germany and studied Computational Linguistics and Psycholinguistics at Ludwig Maximilian Universität Munich and Fine Arts at the Akademie der Bildenden Künste Vienna where he received his diploma in 2003.
 Jesper Skaaning (aka Acustic) is a Danish electronic musician producer and film composer.He started his career as a guitarist in various experimental punk bands in the early 1980s and was inspired by European electropop and early electronic Music especially by Kraftwerk.
 Dennis Wojtkiewicz (born 1956 Chicago Illinois) is an American Hyperrealist painter and draughtsman.Wojtkiewicz graduated from Southern Illinois University and is artist associated with the Hyperrealist movement. He is best known for his large scale renderings of sliced fruit and flowers.
 Al Stillman (June 26 1906 – 1979) was an American lyricist.
 Sue Graham Mingus is the widow of jazz composer and bassist Charles Mingus. In 2002 Pantheon (Random House) released Sue Mingus' memoir of her life with Mingus entitled Tonight at Noon: a Love Story.
 Chris Addison (born 5 November 1971) is a Welsh stand-up comedian writer actor and director from Manchester. He is best known for his current role as a regular panellist on Mock the Week. He is also known for his lecture-style comedy shows two of which he later adapted for BBC Radio 4. In addition to stand-up he played Ollie Reeder in the BBC Two television satire The Thick of It and Toby Wright in its spin-off film In the Loop and he co-created and starred in the BBC Two sitcom Lab Rats.
 Shane Luitjens is a graphic designer photographer and writer based in New York City.
 Antonio Barbalonga or Barbalunga (1600 – 2 November 1649) also called Antonio Alberti was an Italian painter of the Baroque period. He was a member of the noble family of the Alberti born at Messina and was there instructed in painting by Simone Comandé. He went to Rome where he became a pupil of Domenichino whose style he imitated with great skill. Barbalonga executed a great number of paintings for churches his chief work being the Conversion of St. Paul for the convent church of St.
 Kunie Tanaka (田中 邦衛 Tanaka Kunie born 23 November 1932) is a Japanese actor who has appeared in such films as Akira Kurosawa's Sanjuro and The Bad Sleep Well Kinji Fukasaku's Battles Without Honor and Humanity series and Masaki Kobayashi's Kwaidan.He has been nominated for five Japanese Academy Awards winning the Best Supporting Actor statuette for Gakko in 1993.
 Marie Calfopoulos is a photographer video editor and filmmaker from France. She studied foreign languages and multilingual communication at Rennes University and started her artistic and professional career at the French Riviera based company Dreamakers.Her specialty is photography. She photographed well-known models and high profile weddings. She features her talent in her book presenting a collection of photographs captured in New York City.
 DJ Logic (born 1972 as Jason Kibler) is an American turntablist active primarily in nu-jazz/acid jazz and with jam bands.Kibler was born and raised in The Bronx. An early interest in hip hop led to his using the turntables practicing often. Kibler was also interested in funk and jazz music and began collaborating with various musicians.
 Steven John Rushton (born 30 October 1987[citation needed] Chertsey Surrey England) is a British solo artist and formerly bassist for the pop punk band Son of Dork.
 Andrew Pavlovsky is a contemporary Russian artist. He is a member of the Moscow Artists Union the International Federation of Artists (IFA) and Russian Philosophical Union.
 Gilbert Laing Meason (3 July 1769 – 14 August 1832) a Scottish gentleman best remembered as the originator of the term landscape architecture.Laing Meason lived on an estate called Lindertis in Forfar and was a friend of Sir Walter Scott. He was interested in art history and in 1828 published a book called On The Landscape Architecture of the Great Painters of Italy (London 1828).
 Vernon Scannell (23 January 1922 – 16 November 2007) was a British poet and author. He was at one time a professional boxer and wrote novels about the sport.His published poem count stands at 53.
 Gary Francis Caine Cherone (/ʃəˈroʊn/ shə-ROHN; born July 26 1961) is an American rock singer-songwriter. He is best known for his work with the rock group Extreme as well as his short stint as the lead singer for Van Halen on their 11th album Van Halen III and subsequent tour. In recent years he has released solo recordings. In 2007 he reunited with Extreme. The band's latest album Saudades de Rock was released on August 12 2008.
 Billy Peterson (born as Willard Peterson in Minnesota) is an American bass player songwriter composer session musician and producer. Growing up in a family of professional musicians Peterson started with music at a very young age.
 Sharon Thorpe was a pornographic actress during the 1970s and 80s. In 1985 she was inducted into the XRCO Hall of Fame.
 Jan Jelínek (8 April 1893 – 5 July 1974) was a Czech legionnaire and author of a book about legionnaires from the Boskovice region. He wrote about legionnaires in Russian Italian and French from 1931 to 1938.
 Miki Nagasawa (長沢 美樹 Nagasawa Miki born July 11 1970) is a Japanese voice actress born in Obihiro Hokkaido and raised in Fukushima. Formerly affiliated for Haikyo she is now affiliated with Atomic Monkey.
 Sevara Nazarkhan (Uzbek: Sevara Nazarxon Севара Назархон; Russian: Севара Назархан) is an Uzbek singer songwriter and musician. Her musical style incorporates Uzbek folk and contemporary music. Nazarkhan has achieved worldwide fame and has collaborated with high-profile international artists. In 2004 Nazarkhan received the BBC Radio 3 World Music Award in the category Best Asian Artist.
 Jim Oldfield is an author editor and reviewer famous for his work with Commodore computers. He is married to Deb Oldfield and is the father of James Jon and Jason Oldfield.He was the founder of the pioneering Commodore magazine the Midnite Software Gazette and was Associate Editor of .info (magazine). He is currently Vice President and Publisher at Abacus a computer book and software publisher that specializes in supporting simulation software.
 Leo Arnaud or Léo Arnaud (/ˈleɪ.oʊ ɑrˈnoʊ/; July 24 1904 – April 26 1991) was a French-American composer of film scores best known for Bugler's Dream which is used as the theme by television networks presenting the Olympic Games in the United States.The composer studied composition at conservatories in Lyon and Paris with Maurice Ravel and Vincent d'Indy.
 Tadao Nagahama (長浜 忠夫 Nagahama Tadao) (September 26 1936 – January 14 1980) was a director of both puppet shows and animation. He is best known as the director of Sunrise and Toei Company's Robot Romance Trilogy which added human drama to the Super Robot Genre.Nagahama also directed several hit anime series that are still well known among Japanese viewers.
 Scévole de Sainte-Marthe (2 February 1536 – 29 March 1623) was a French poet born in Loudun.
 Clark Terry (born December 14 1920) is an American swing and bebop trumpeter a pioneer of the flugelhorn in jazz educator and NEA Jazz Masters inductee.He played with Charlie Barnet (1947) Count Basie (1948–1951) Duke Ellington (1951–1959) and Quincy Jones (1960). Terry's career in jazz spans more than seventy years and he is one of the most recorded of jazz musicians.
 Mutual Benefit is a music project created by singer-songwriter Jordan Lee. The band consists of various musicians gathered by Jordan Lee and has no concrete band line-up. The band's most recent LP Love's Crushing Diamond has gained critical praise; being named Stereogum's Band to Watch and Pitchfork's best new music.
 Anton L. Westgard (Norway 1865 – 3 April 1921) called the Pathfinder was a highway pioneer and photographer. Westgard was appointed by Federal Highway Administration Director Logan Page to research appropriate locations for the first transcontinental highways. Westgard's 1911 cross-country field survey via automobile ultimately led to what would become the Lincoln Highway.
 Damian LeGassick is a British musician and producer. LeGassick trained at York University and has worked professionally in many diverse areas of the music business as a pianist composer producer and lecturer. As a pianist he specializes in late 20th century solo repertoire and chamber music. His compositions for the avant-garde ensemble Icebreaker have been played throughout Europe and the United States and have been broadcast on both Radio 3 and Classic FM.
 Patrick Lamark Hawkins (December 4 1970 – February 3 1998) better known by his stage name Fat Pat (also known as Mr. Fat Pat) was an American rapper from Houston Texas who was a member of DEA (Dead End Alliance) with his brother John Big Hawk Hawkins and DJ Screw and an original member of the Screwed Up Click.Wreckshop Records released his first two albums Ghetto Dreams and Throwed In Da Game in 1998 after his death. Later releases were on the Screwed Up Click label.
 Beau Sorenson (born 1980) is an American record producer and engineer. He has worked with Death Cab For Cutie Bob Mould Superchunk Sparklehorse Jars of Clay Yellow Ostrich The Lonely Forest Field Report Someone Still Loves You Boris Yeltsin and Elsinore. Originally from Wisconsin Sorenson spent his early career at Smart Studios in Madison later moving to Portland Oregon to become an independent producer and engineer.
 Ng Chee Yang (simplified Chinese: 黄智阳; traditional Chinese: 黃智陽; born 10 December 1989) commonly known as Zhiyang is a Singaporean singer. Born and raised in Singapore he was exposed to the piano as a child. Other than piano studies he did not receive any professional vocal training.In 2005 he participated in the F.I.R singing competition organised by KBox. Out of the three finalists he was the only male competitor.
 Paul Johann Ludwig von Heyse (15 March 1830 – 2 April 1914) was a distinguished German writer and translator. A member of two important literary societies the Tunnel über der Spree in Berlin and Die Krokodile in Munich he wrote novels poetry 177 short stories and about sixty dramas. The sum of Heyse's many and varied productions made him a dominant figure among German men of letters.
 Peter Josef von Lindpaintner (8 December 1791 – 21 August 1856) was a German composer and conductor.Born in Koblenz as the son of a tenor he studied with Peter Winter and Joseph Graetz. From 1819 onwards he was based in Stuttgart.
 David Allen Sibley (born 1962 Plattsburgh New York) is an American ornithologist. He is the author and illustrator of The Sibley Guide to Birds considered by many to be the most comprehensive guide for North American field identification.
 Witold Marian Gombrowicz (August 4 1904 – July 24 1969) was a Polish novelist and dramatist. His works are characterised by deep psychological analysis a certain sense of paradox and absurd anti-nationalist flavor. In 1937 he published his first novel Ferdydurke which presented many of his usual themes: the problems of immaturity and youth the creation of identity in interactions with others and an ironic critical examination of class roles in Polish society and culture.
 Dana Marton New York Times and USA Today bestselling author Dana Marton has thrilled and entertained millions of readers around the globe with her fast-paced stories about strong women and honorable men who fight side by side for justice and survival.
 Frédéric Van Goitsenhoven-Maeterlinck (born 11 August 1968 Brussels) is a Belgian singer best known for his participation in the 1995 Eurovision Song Contest.
 David L Williams is a dual national British and American film director writer and producer living in London. An active film campaigner in Rwanda (Genocide) and Liberia (Deforestation) his commercial work with UK production house Shooting Pictures has led to collaborations with comedians including Dom Joly Russell Brand and Alistair McGowan.
 Atilla İçli was a Turkish composer and broadcaster.Icli began work at Istanbul Radio in 1968 and transferred to Ankara Radio in 1972. He also presented the TV program Yörelerimiz-Türkülerimiz on TRT one for thirteen years. He was married and a father of two children.
 Dan Haigh (born 5 December 1982 in Grimsby North East Lincolnshire) is a musician director video game designer and visual effects artist known best as the bass player in the English alternative metal band Fightstar. In the games industry Dan designed levels for games such as Quake and Counter Strike under the pseudonym Inflict. Dan worked for Electronic Arts Bullfrog Gearbox Software Valve Software and Pocketeers.
 David Essex OBE (born David Albert Cook 23 July 1947) is an English musician singer-songwriter and actor. Since the 1970s Essex has attained nineteen Top 40 singles in the UK (including two number ones) and sixteen Top 40 albums. He has also had an extensive career as an actor performing on stage and screen.
 Carter Pann (born February 21 1972 La Grange Illinois) is an American composer. He studied composition and piano at the Eastman School of Music and the University of Michigan Ann Arbor where he earned a Doctor of Musical Arts degree.
 Goran Gale Šepa (Serbian Cyrillic: Горан Шепа born 1960) is a Serbian singer. He is best known as the lead singer for the Serbian and former Yugoslav hard rock band Kerber. Šepa is known for his melodic vocal style.
 Oton Župančič (January 23 1878 – June 11 1949) was a Slovene poet translator and playwright. He is regarded alongside Ivan Cankar Dragotin Kette and Josip Murn as the beginner of modernism in Slovene literature. In the period following World War I Župančič was frequently regarded as the greatest Slovenian poet after Prešeren but in the last forty years his influence has been declining and his poetry has lost much of its initial appeal.
 Hameed Chennamangaloor (Abdul Hameed Areepattamannil; born 1948) is a prominent social critic in Kerala India. He is a staunch critic of religious fundamentalism. He was born to Areepattamannil Abdul Salam of Chennamangaloor and Katheeshumma of Perumanna. He had his early education at Chennamangaloor and Mukkam. After getting his BA and MA degrees he began his career as a probationary officer in State Bank of Travancore.
 Sir Harry Heaton Barker KBE (18 July 1898 – 18 May 1994) was a New Zealand newspaper journalist and editor local politician. He was born in Nelson New Zealand on 18 July 1898. His father John Heaton Barker was the founder of the Four Square supermarkets chain.Barker came to Gisborne in 1920 to work as a reporter for The Gisborne Times (which after a couple of mergers became The Gisborne Herald in 1939).
 Kevin Bivona is an American musician and audio engineer best known for his work with The Transplants and Tim Armstrong.
 Charles Hamilton Teeling (1778–1850) was an Irish journalist and writer from Lisburn County Antrim Ulster.He was the younger brother of Bartholomew Teeling and in 1802 switched careers from a linen bleacher to journalism.
 John Allen Campbell (January 20 1952 – June 13 1993) was an American blues guitarist singer and songwriter who was born in Shreveport Louisiana.
 Bhekumuzi Hyacinth Mseleku generally known as Bheki Mseleku (3 March 1955 – 9 September 2008) was a jazz musician from South Africa. He was a pianist saxophonist guitarist composer and arranger who was entirely self-taught.
 Jeffrey Hammond (born 30 July 1946 Blackpool) sometimes credited as Jeffrey Hammond-Hammond is a musician and former bass guitar player for the progressive rock band Jethro Tull.Hammond adopted the name Hammond-Hammond as a joke since both his father's name and mother's maiden name were the same. He also joked in interviews that his mother defiantly chose to keep her maiden name just like Eleanor Roosevelt.
 Kalakkathu Kunchan Nambiar(Malayalam: കുഞ്ചൻ നമ്പ്യാർ kuñcan Nampyār) was an early Malayalam language poet performer satirist and the inventor of local art form Ottamtullal. He is often considered as the master of Malayalam satirist poetry.Kunchan Nambiar spent his early childhood at Killikkurussimangalam his boyhood at Kudamalur and youth at Ambalappuzha. In 1748 he moved to the court of King Marttanda Varma of Travancore Kingdom and later to the court of his successor Dharma Raja.
 John Twist (July 14 1898 – February 11 1976) was an American screenwriter whose career spanned four decades. Born John Stuart Twist in Albany Missouri he began his career in the silent film era providing the story for such films as Breed of Courage Blockade and The Big Diamond Robbery. He earned his first screenwriting credit for The Yellowback in 1929. Twist died in Beverly Hills California.
 Johnny Blackout Griparic is a Swedish-born bassist who is best known for his playing on the 2000 Slash's Snakepit album Ain't Life Grand.
 Walther Jervolino (1 March 1944—12 July 2012) was an Italian painter and artist known mainly for his Surrealist works.
 Allisyn Ashley Arm (born April 26 1996) is an American actress and sketch comedian. Arm is most known for her main role as Zora Lancaster on Sonny with a Chance and in Disney Channel's sketch comedy series So Random!
 Duke (born Mark Carson Adams) is a British singer songwriter and producer who was born and raised in England.He had two Top 10 hits on the Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart: His deep house version of So In Love With You which was his biggest hit reaching #1 in 1997 and his follow-up Greater which peaked at #9 in 1998.Mark Adams was born & bred in the West End in Newcastle-upon-Tyne which is in the North East of England.
 Thanksgiving AOK and A.O. are the names under which Portland Oregon singer/songwriter Adrian Orange (born March 20 1986) performs. Officially adopting the Thanksgiving moniker around 1999–2000 Orange played experimental folk music often accompanying himself on electric guitar. While Thanksgiving is essentially a solo act Adrian Orange often collaborates with other musicians in his recordings and performances.
 Henry Chapman Mercer (born June 24 1856 Doylestown Pennsylvania – died March 9 1930 Doylestown) was an American archeologist artifact collector tile-maker and designer of three distinctive poured concrete structures: Fonthill his home the Moravian Pottery and Tile Works and the Mercer Museum.
 Martin How MBE (born 1931) is a British composer and organist. Martin is the son of the late Most Revd J C H How Primus of the Scottish Episcopal Church.Born in Liverpool where his father was Rector of St Nicholas Church. The family then moved to Brighton where Martin's father was Vicar at St Peters Parish Church. The family then moved to Glasgow just before the second world war and Martin spend most of his childhood there.Educated at Repton School where he was a Music Scholar.
 Kazik Staszewski (born 12 March 1963 in Warsaw as a son of the architect and poet Stanisław Staszewski) is a Polish lead singer songwriter and leader of the band Kult. Kazik founded Kult in 1982; their latest album Prosto was released in May 2013. In 1991 he launched a solo career as Kazik with one of the first Polish rap albums[citation needed] Spalam się (I'm burning or I'm getting stoned).
 Rodrigo Gil de Hontañón (1500–1577) was a Spanish architect of the Renaissance.He was born at Rascafría. His work alternated the late gothic with the renaissance style. His workings include the Palace of Monterrey in Salamanca the Palace of Guzmanes in León and the facade of the Colegio Mayor de San Ildefonso at the University of Alcalá de Henares.
 Brian Jungen (born April 29 1970 in Fort St. John British Columbia) is a Canadian artist from British Columbia with Swiss and Dunne-za First Nations ancestry. He graduated from the Emily Carr Institute of Art and Design in 1992 and is based in Vancouver.
 David Porter (born November 21 1941) is an American soul musician. Porter is best known as the songwriting and production partner of Isaac Hayes at Stax Records during the 1960s. He later became a Stax recording artist himself.
 Nicholas Rocco Nick DiPaolo (born January 31 1962) is an American stand-up comedian Emmy nominated writer actor and radio host. He was formerly the co-host of The Nick & Artie Show alongside comedian Artie Lange.
 Bret Blevins (sometimes spelled Brett Blevins) (born August 13 1960) is an American comic book artist animation storyboard artist and painter. He is perhaps best known for his stint as the regular penciler of New Mutants.
 George Barraud (born 17 December 1889 Paddington London England–d. 1970 London England) was a British film actor.
 Fay Ann Lyons-Alvarez (born November 5 1980) is a Trinidadian soca songwriter recording artist and performer. She is also known by such titles as the Lyon Empress Mane the Matriarch and the Silver Surfer a nickname which she claimed during her performance at the 2008 International Soca Monarch. Fay Ann is married to fellow recording artist and 'Ragga Soca' lyricist Bunji Garlin.
 Edouard Collin (born 28 February 1987) is a French actor.
 Eliezer Elie Wiesel KBE (/ˈɛli vɨˈzɛl/; born September 30 1928)is a Romanian-born Jewish-American professor and political activist. He is the author of 57 books including Night a work based on his experiences as a prisoner in the Auschwitz Buna and Buchenwald concentration camps.
 Benjamin Dunn (born February 17 1981) is an american musical artist lead singer/performer & songwriter.Dunn also has written a book Lamb Wine And A Divine Comedy. Along with his artistic work he is also involved heavily in humanitarian work with slums dumps and leper colonies in the third world. In 2012 he started The Joy House which is an orphanage for children in Hyderabad India.
 Joanna Taylor (born 24 July 1978) is an English actress and former model.
 Miki Shōji (庄司 美貴 Shōji Miki) (born February 26 1985) professionally known by her birth name of Miki Fujimoto (藤本 美貴 Fujimoto Miki) and nicknamed Mikitty is a Japanese pop singer and television actress. After failing the audition to join girl group Morning Musume with the fourth generation members Fujimoto debuted as a solo artist within Hello! Project in 2002 with the single Aenai Nagai Nichiyōbi.
 Muriel Anderson (born 1960) is an American composer guitarist and harp-guitarist.
 April Byron (real name April Elizabeth Dove Potts) was born March 22 1947 in Warburton Victoria Australia. April is an award-winning Australian pop/rock pioneer.
 Michaele Vollbracht born 1947 in Quincy Illinois is a fashion designer who has worked both under his own name and also as head designer for Bill Blass Limited from 2003 until his resignation in 2007. He is also well known as an illustrator though he considers himself first and foremost a fashion designer.Vollbracht began his career in fashion as a student at what was then Parsons School of Design in 1965.
 Leroy Horsemouth Wallace (born April 3 1950) is a Jamaican drummer who worked for several years at Studio One and has worked with numerous reggae artists including The Gladiators Inner Circle Prince Far I Sound Dimension Gregory Isaacs Burning Spear Ijahman Levi and Pierpoljak. He starred as himself in the lead role of the film Rockers. Wallace attended the Alpha Boys School in the 1960s and early 1970s where he studied under Lennie Hibbert.
 Kendred Smith better known by his stage name Jimi Kendrix and Jesse Matthews better known by his stage name J. Math are a Hip hop record production team from Brooklyn New York and are known collectively as Street Radio. Street Radio has produced songs for artists including 50 Cent Bone Thugs-n-Harmony Rick Ross Styles P and many others as well as scored for shows such as MTV Cribs and True Life among others.
 Zachary Cale (born 1978) is an American songwriter and musician who grew up in Louisiana but currently lives in Brooklyn NY. His music combines elements of folk country blues rock and pop styles. His moody lyrics and accomplished guitar playing have drawn comparisons to Leonard Cohen and John Fahey and his voice in its lower register is eerily reminiscent of early Bob Dylan. He has also been compared to Townes Van Zandt John Martyn Donovan and Nick Drake.
 Viviane Ndour (born Viviane Chidid) is a Senegalese pop singer who is the former sister-in-law of Youssou N'Dour. She is known by some as the Queen of Mbalax.
 Nikki Charm (born Shannon Louise Eaves on February 21 1966 in California) is an American pornographic actress. She is a member of the Adult Video News Hall of Fame and the XRCO Hall of Fame.In 1986 an investigation found that Traci Lords had been making adult films while underage. Federal authorities suspected that other actresses may also have made films before they were legally able including Nikki Charm and subpoenas were issued seeking access to records confirming her age.
 Richard Sylbert (16 April 1928 – 23 March 2002) was an Academy Award-winning production designer and art director primarily for feature films.
 Albrecht Wellmer (born July 9 1933) is a prominent German philosopher at the Freie Universität Berlin.
 Jeff Parker is a Portland Oregon based writer and comic book artist. He is a member of Periscope Studio formerly Mercury Studio.
 Daniel Kitson (born 2 July 1977) is an English stand-up comedian.
 Melchior Lengyel (12 January 1880 – 23 October 1974) was a Hungarian writer dramatist and film screenwriter.
 Kenji Ito (伊藤 賢治 Itō Kenji born July 5 1968) also known by the nickname Itoken (イトケン) is a Japanese video game composer and musician. He is best known for his work on the Mana and SaGa series though he has worked on over 30 video games throughout his career as well as composed or arranged music for over 15 other albums concerts and plays. He learned to play several instruments at a young age and joined Square directly out of college as a composer in 1990 at the advice of a professor.
 Dale Pendell is a contemporary author who combines science and poetry in his explications of the relationship between psychoactive compounds and human beings. A long time student of ethnobotany Pendell discusses historical and cultural uses of power plants in his works.
 Júlíana Sveinsdóttir (1889–1966) was one of Iceland's first woman painters and textile artists. Taught initially by prominent Icelandic artist Þórarinn B. Þorláksson Sveinsdóttir settled in Denmark and returned to Iceland in the summers the visits inspiring her landscape paintings one of which won the Eckersberg Medal in 1947.Sveinsdóttir was an active supporter of artists and the arts.
 Sara Sheridan (born 7 June 1968) is a Scottish writer who works in a variety of genres though predominately in historical fiction. She is the creator of the Mirabelle Bevan mysteries.
 Maggie Taylor (born 1961 in Cleveland Ohio) is an artist who works with digital images. She won the Santa Fe Center for Photography's Project Competition in 2004. Her work has been widely exhibited in the United States and Europe and is represented within the permanent collections of several galleries and museums.
 Jesús de la Rosa Luque (5 March 1948–14 October 1983) was a Spanish singer and composer. He was the vocalist of the progressive rock group Triana heavily influenced by flamenco and important in the development of Rock andaluz.
 Vukašin Brajić (Serbian Cyrillic: Вукашин Брајић; pronounced [ʋukǎʃin brǎːjitɕ]; born 9 February 1984) is a Bosnian Serb pop-rock singer who rose to fame after participating in the first season (2008–09) of Operacija trijumf the Serbian version of Star Academy in which he came in second place.
 Fred Giannelli (born 1960 in Lowell Massachusetts) is an American electronic musician. He began experimenting with electronics in the 1970s as and Turning Shrines. In 1984 Giannelli met Psychic TV's Genesis P. Orridge while the group was in Boston for a gig. This led to Giannelli eventually flying to London to join the band in 1988 arriving just in time for the Acid House craze.
 Ram Vanji Sutar (born 1925) is a famous Indian sculptor.
 Tugdual Menon (also in sources Tuttvalle Tugdualo Tudual Tuttuale Tuduuale Jugdulus; before 1502 - 1566/1568) was a French composer. He was likely teacher of the organist Claudio Merulo.
 Xenophon (/ˈzɛnəfən/; Greek: Ξενοφῶν Xenophōn [ksenopʰɔ̂ːn]; c. 430 – 354 BC) son of Gryllus of the deme Erchia of Athens also known as Xenophon of Athens was a Greek historian soldier mercenary and student of Socrates. While not referred to as a philosopher by his contemporaries his status as such is now a topic of debate.
 Bill Congreve is an Australian writer editor and reviewer of speculative fiction.
 Stanley J. Watts (born 1961) is an American artist and sculptor mostly in life size bronzes.
 Simon John Binks (born 27 November 1956 Mount Eliza Melbourne) is an Australian rock musician who was a guitarist and singer-songwriter for Australian Crawl from founding in 1978 to disbanding in 1986.
 Utku Dalmaz (born September 9 1985) is a Turkish electronic dance music producer jazz guitarist and web developer. He has been releasing deep house and tech house music under the artist name Utku Dalmaz along with his other music projects.
 Scott Davidson played keyboards with Bros and Pet Shop Boys before founding the Trade-It free advert paper and becoming a director and then chairman of Bristol City FC from 1996-2001. In 2003 Davidson was a co-founder of The Big Fundraiser now known as The Invitation Book a discount voucher annual which aims to raise money for charities based on an American publication Entertainment. He also has interests in software development property manufacturing and publishing in Ireland.
 Konrad Prószyński (19 February 1851 – 8 July 1908) pen name Kazimierz Promyk was a Polish writer editor author of primers (textbooks) editor-in-chief of Gazeta Świąteczna (Holiday Gazette); the founder of secret Society for National Education (Towarzystwo Oświaty Narodowej) under foreign Partitions and the author of well received Pictorial Literacy (1879) primer. Was father of a Polish inventor Kazimierz Prószyński.
 George Peter Alexander Healy (July 15 1813 in Boston – June 24 1894 in Chicago) was an American painter from Boston Massachusetts.
 Daryl L. Cameron (born July 10 1957 Chicago Illinois) better known as Captain Sky is an American musician and singer. Captain Sky’s funk-based musical style futuristic costumes and psychedelic imagery are similar to those of George Clinton Bootsy Collins and other Parliament/Funkadelic projects.
 Winston Anthony Bailey OBE (born 4 October 1941) better known by his stage name The Mighty Shadow or Shadow is a calypsonian from Trinidad and Tobago. Bailey was born in Belmont a suburb of Port of Spain in Trinidad but grew up in Les Coteaux Tobago with his grandparents. He began to sing at a very early age and he wanted to be a singer although his grandfather told him he must be a lawyer.He won the Road March in 1974 and 2001 with Bassman and Stranger respectively.
 E.J. Wells is an American musician and songwriter. Part of the punk scene of the late 1970s he is now considered to be a Gothabilly or Cowpunk musician.Wells has been performing live with various bands since 1979. His most recent project was E.J. Wells and the Bleeding Deacons.He released an album called Rhyolite on Halloween 2002. Other performers on the album included Rick Nease and Chris Arduser of psychodots Graveblankets and The Bears].
 Anna Goldsworthy (born 9 June 1974) is an Australian writer and classical pianist.
 Ella Young (December 26 1867 – July 23 1956) was an Irish poet and Celtic mythologist active in the Gaelic and Celtic Revival literary movement of the late 19th and early 20th century. Born in Ireland Young was an author of poetry and children's books. She emigrated from Ireland to the United States in 1925 as a temporary visitor and lived in California.
 Tana Ramsay (born Cayetana Elizabeth Hutcheson in 1974) is a British author of bestselling books on cookery and a TV broadcaster.
 Philip Andrew Phil Pringle OAM (born 21 May 1952) is an Australian pastor. Pringle arrived in Sydney New South Wales in 1980 with his wife Chris. He is the senior pastor of C3 Church Sydney (formerly known as Christian City Church) a church in Dee Why which he split and renamed following his initial ill-fated attempt at planting a church in the Sydney suburb of Roseville.He is the founder of C3 Church Global a church planting movement.
 Douglas Alan Yule (born February 25 1947) is an American musician and singer most notable for being a member of the Velvet Underground from 1968 to 1973.
 Luke Takamura (ルーク篁 Takamura Luke born April 12 1964 in Tokyo Japan) is a Japanese musician and songwriter. He is best known as guitarist of the heavy metal band Seikima-II from 1987 to 1999 and for each reunion they have had since. In 1995 he joined the short-lived supergroup Kings with Shuichi Aoiki (Night Hawks) on vocals Taiji Sawada (X Loudness) on bass and Satoshi Joe Miyawaki (44 Magnum Spread Beaver) on drums.
 Nusrat Hussain (Urdu:نصرت حسین) is a Pakistani musician airline pilot guitarist and keyboardist. He played guitar for the Vital Signs and keyboard for Junoon in midst of 1990s. He soon left both bands opting for a career in PIA as an airline pilot in airline industry.
 William Sidney Mount (November 26 1807 – November 19 1868) was an American painter best known for his genre paintings although he also painted landscapes and portraits. He was a contemporary of the Hudson River School.
 Teri Lynn DeSario (born 27 November 1951) is an American singer-songwriter from Miami Florida.
 Terry Wilkins is a Toronto based musician composer bandleader arranger producer and teacher. A native of Sydney Australia he arrived in Toronto in 1971 with Aussie country-rock band Flying Circus and since then has worked with many Canadian and international artists from Lighthouse to Big Sugar as well as Rough Trade and David Wilcox. He has also backed many visiting artists such as Dr. John Eddie Cleanhead Vinson Maria Muldaur John Hammond Levon Helm and Son Seals.
 Nicola Furlong is a Canadian novelist who lives in Sidney British Columbia.
 Peter Robinson (born Kingston Jamaica 3 November 1962) better known as Marilyn is a British pop singer and songwriter. He is most well known for his 1983 hit Calling Your Name and his highly androgynous appearance.
 Holly Throsby (born 28 December 1978) is a musician from Sydney Australia. Throsby was nominated for an Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) 'Best Female Artist' Award in 2006 for Under the Town and in the same category in 2008 for A Loud Call.
 Evaristo Ribera Chevremont (San Juan February 16 1896- March 1 1976) is a poet from Puerto Rico. Although several of his published books deal with Puerto Rican nationality and regionalism many of his verses excel in a universal lyrical character as can be read in books such as El Caos de Los Sueños and El Hondero Lanzó la Piedra among others.
 Aaron Koblin is an American digital media artist best known for his innovative uses of data visualization and crowdsourcing. He is currently Creative Director of the Data Arts Team at Google in San Francisco California.Koblin's artworks are part of the permanent collections of the Victoria and Albert Museum (V&A) in London the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) in New York and the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris.
 Mark Holiday (born June 5 1987) also known by his stage name DJ Trendsetter or Kelly Holiday is an EDM DJ and POP/Hip-Hop record producer became known worldwide after being discovered by Annie Nightingale in 2013 and having his guest mix on BBC Radio 1 in 2014. Although Mark Holiday was well known in Hip-Hop and POP music industry since 2006 producing few major records and remixes for Timati Dawn Richard Trina Toby Love Mark Morrison Lumidee Really Doe and many more.
 Andranik Madadian (Persian: آندرانیک مددیان‎ Armenian: Անդրանիկ Մադադյան) better known by his stage name Andy (Persian: اندی‎ Armenian: Էնդի) (born 1958) is a famous Armenian-Iranian singer-songwriter. He is a naturalized American and currently lives in Los Angeles California.
 Lee Yountaek (Hangul: 이윤택) is a South Korean poet dramatist and producer.
 Martin Louis Marty Paich (January 23 1925 – August 12 1995) was an American pianist composer arranger producer music director and conductor.In a career which spanned half a century he worked in these capacities for such artists as Frank Sinatra Barbra Streisand Sarah Vaughan Stan Kenton Ella Fitzgerald Mel Tormé Ray Charles Johnny Rivers Aretha Franklin Linda Ronstadt Al Hirt Jack Jones Neil Diamond Stan Getz Sammy Davis Jr Michael Jackson Art Pepper Ethel Azama Mahalia Jackson Toto (his son David is a longtime member of that band) and many others.
 Otis Blackwell (February 16 1931 – May 6 2002) was an African - American songwriter singer and pianist whose work significantly influenced rock and roll. His compositions include Little Willie John's Fever Jerry Lee Lewis' Great Balls of Fire and Breathless Elvis Presley's Don't Be Cruel All Shook Up and Return to Sender (with Winfield Scott) and Jimmy Jones' Handy Man.He should not be confused with another songwriter and producer Robert Bumps Blackwell.
 Scott Goodall is a British comics writer.
 C. K. Williams (born Charles Kenneth Williams on November 4 1936) is an American poet critic and translator. Williams has won nearly every major poetry award. Flesh and Blood won the National Book Critics Circle Award in 1987. Repair (1999) won the 2000 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry was a National Book Award finalist and won the Los Angeles Times Book Prize. The Singing won the National Book Award 2003 and in 2005 Williams received the Ruth Lilly Poetry Prize.
 Al Hassan Naqiyy (born Arlandis Hinton; January 23 1968) better known by his stage name B.G. Knocc Out is an American rapper known for collaborating with Eazy-E on the 1993 single Real Muthaphuckkin G's. He is also the younger brother of rapper Dresta who also collaborated in the song.
 The Patton Brothers Jimmy Patton (born 1 January 1932) and Brian Patton (born 4 September 1934) are the two older brothers of Barry and Paul Elliot The Chuckle Brothers.
 Ahn Chil-hyun (Hangul: 안칠현; hanja: 安七炫) was born on 10 October 1979 mononymouly credited by his stage name Kangta (Hangul: 강타). He is a South Korean pop R&B singer first known as the lead singer of the boy band H.O.T. and as a solo singer since their disbandment in 2001.
 Engvald Bakkan (20 August 1897 – 3 July 1982) was a Norwegian novelist and children's writer.Bakkan was born in Åmli. Among his best-known works is the novel trilogy from the 18th century Krossen er din Gjenom fossane and Regnbogen i toreskya published between 1947 and 1952. He was awarded the Gyldendal's Endowment in 1953.
 William Meston (1688? - 1745) was a Scottish poet.The son of a blacksmith he was educated at Marischal College Aberdeen took part in the Jacobite Rebellion of 1715 and had to go into hiding. His Knight of the Kirk (1723) is an imitation of Hudibras. His Mob Contra Mob or The Rabblers Rabbled was printed in Edinburgh in 1738 and reprinted by Peter Williamson also in Edinburgh c1770. This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain:
 Robert Yeo (born Robert Yeo Cheng Chuan in 1940) is a Singaporean poet playwright and novelist.
 Reinis Kaudzīte (May 12 1839 – August 21 1920) was a Latvian schoolteacher and writer. His novel Mērnieku laiki (Times of the Land-Surveyors) was the first novel written in Latvian language composed together with his brother Matīss Kaudzīte in 1879.
 Urban Clifford Urbie Green (born August 8 1926) is an American jazz trombonist who toured with Woody Herman Gene Krupa Jan Savitt and Frankie Carle.He has played on over 250 recordings and has released more than two dozen albums as a soloist and is highly respected by his fellow trombonists. Green's trombone sound is especially noted for its warm mellow tone even in the higher registers where he is more fluent than most trombonists.
 Richard Rawson (born 5 February 1987) better known by his stage name Fazer is an English rapper producer DJ and songwriter. He is popularly known as the member of hip hop trio N-Dubz releasing three studio albums and winning numerous MOBO awards with the group. Richard has said that whilst growing up his biggest influences were Tupac Shakur Biggie Rakim T.I. and Jay-Z.
 Charlie Bondhus (born 1981) is an American poet and author of four books. His latest All the Heat We Could Carry was the winner of the 2013 Main Street Rag Poetry Book Award and a finalist for the Gival Press Poetry Book Award.
 Gemma Louise Sampson is a singer from Maidenhead who provided vocals for Israeli DJ Onyx's 2004 UK #66 hit Every Little Time and currently is a member of the Real McCoy.
 Dan Parent is an American comic book artist and writer best known for his work for Archie Comics. A graduate of The Kubert School Parent began working for Archie immediately after graduation. His writing of the Love Showdown series from 1994 received widespread attention. Parent has also illustrated Felix the Cat Barbie Disney Adventures and a wide variety of other titles.
 Catherine Yass (born 1963) is an English artist.Catherine Yass was born in 1963 in London and lives and works in the UK. In 2002 Yass was nominated for the Turner prize. She studied at the Slade School of Art London (1982-1986) and then at Hochschule der Künste Berlin (1984-1985). She received a Boise travelling scholarship for the period 1986-1987 and then graduated with an MA from Goldsmiths College London in 1990.
 Aldo Busi (born 25 February 1948) is an Italian writer and translator mostly active in the last twenty years. He was born in Montichiari near Brescia in Lombardy. He is the author of Seminar on Youth and Vita standard di un venditore provvisorio di collant (published in English under the title The Standard Life of a Temporary Pantyhose Salesman). His other works include La Delfina Bizantina and Sodomie in Corpo 11 (translated by Stuart Hood as Sodomies in Elevenpoint).
 Mike DiMeo (born November 29 1968 in New York City) is a hard rock/heavy metal vocalist best known for his work in the band Riot which he left in late 2006. He recorded six studio albums and one live album with the group before departing to join Masterplan for the recording of MK II in 2006.
 Kenneth William Scarlett OAM (born 1927) is an Australian writer specialising in Australian sculpture. His 1980 publication Australian Sculptors (1980) was the first to present a complete survey of sculpture in Australia. Subsequent publications include Sculpture in Public Gardens (1983) Limited Recall: A Fictional Autobiography (2005) Elgee Park: Sculpture in the Landscape (2010) and monographs on the sculptors John Davis (1989) and Andrew Rogers (2010).
 Gangadhar Balkrushna Sardar (Devanagari: गंगाधर बाळकृष्ण सरदार) (1908–1988) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra India.He served as the head of Marathi department of SNDT Women's University.He chaired in 1980 Marathi Sahitya Sammelan which was held at Barshi.The following is a partial list of Sardar's books: अर्वाचीन मराठी गद्याची पूर्वपीठिका (1937) अभंगवाणी प्रसिध्द तुकयाची संत वाङ्मयाची सामाजिक फलश्रुती (1950) महाराष्ट्राचे उपेक्षित मानकरी (1951) महाराष्ट्र जीवन (1960) रामदासदर्शन गांधी आणि आंबेडकर संक्रमणकालाचे आवाहन (1966) ज्ञानेश्वर जीवननिष्ठा (1971) रानडेप्रणित सामाजिक सुधारणेची तत्त्वमीमांसा (1973) आगरकरांचा सामाजिक तत्त्वविचार (1975) प्रबोधनातील पाऊलखुणा (1978) महात्मा फुले - व्यक्तित्व आणि विचार (1981) नव्या युगाची स्पंदने (1982) धर्म आणि समाजपरिवर्तन (1982) नव्या ऊर्मि नवी क्षितिजे (1987) परंपरा आणि परिवर्तन (1988) The Saint-Poets of Maharashtra: Their Impact on Society (in English) (1969)
 See Bob Weston for the American bassist and recording engineer.Robert Joseph Bob Weston (1 November 1947 – 3 January 2012) was a British musician best known for his brief role as guitarist and songwriter with the rock band Fleetwood Mac.
 Clayton Charles Stuart Hill is a Canadian drummer best known for being a member of the Canadian rock band Trooper.Hill joined Trooper in 2006 and has toured with the band ever since. Hill was featured when Trooper performed in the 2010 Olympics Victory Ceremonies in Vancouver BC on February 21 2010.
 John Mundy (or Munday) (1555 – 29 June 1630) was an English composer virginalist and organist of the Renaissance period.
 William Johnson Cory (January 9 1823 – June 11 1892) born William Johnson was an educator and poet.
 Innokentiy Fyodorovich Annensky (Russian: Инноке́нтий Фёдорович А́нненский IPA: [ɪnɐˈkʲentʲɪj ˈfʲɵdərəvʲɪt͡ɕ ˈanʲɪnskʲɪj] ; September 1 1855 (N.S.) – December 13 1909 (N.S.)) was a poet critic and translator representative of the first wave of Russian Symbolism.
 Dee Hsu (Chinese: 徐熙娣; pinyin: Xú Xīdì; Wade–Giles: Hsü Hsi-ti) more commonly known as Xiǎo S or Little S (小S) was born on 14 June 1978. She is a Taiwanese host actress and singer. She is well known for her quick-witted caustic humor as being a co-host of the most popular talk show in Taiwan KangXi Lai Le which airs on Chung T'ien Television with fellow host Kevin Tsai since 2004 for which they were awarded Best Host in a Variety Programme at the 40th Golden Bell Awards in 2005.
 Barbro Flodquist (19 April 1919 – 29 January 1971) was a Swedish film actor. He appeared in 17 films between 1940 and 1955.
 Donato Antonio Sabino (Turi 13 February 1591 - Naples 1650) was an Italian composer and priest. He was brother of Giovan Maria Sabino another composer-priest and uncle of Francesco Sabino.
 Simon Rowe is an Irish journalist. He is the former editor of the The Irish Catholic from which he resigned after a disagreement over an article which criticised the sale of church property by Ireland's senior prelates. He edited the Catholic magazine The Voice Today which closed in 2006 and is a regular contributor to radio and television shows such as Newstalk 106 and RTÉ.
 Jacquie O'Sullivan (born 7 August 1960 Hendon London) is an English singer and songwriter.
 Kimberly Kay Kim Richey (born in 1956 in Zanesville Ohio) is an American singer/songwriter. Though her work fits into the general country music category her sound is not easily categorized. Her songs have been hits on both the country and pop charts. She has often been described as an Americana artist.Her 1995 self-titled debut album provided her first country hit Just My Luck as well as the follow-up Those Words We Said (which was also covered that same year by Trisha Yearwood).
 David John Munrow (12 August 1942 – 15 May 1976) was a British musician and early music historian.
 Frank Wappat (17 February 1930 – 17 February 2014) was an English radio personality disc jockey and singer from Hebburn County Durham. He worked with The Premier Band Bobby Thompson Renato Pagliari The Pipe-dreamers Flintlock (musical group) The Dooleys and many others in a career spanning the 1950s to 2010
 Toshio Maeda (前田俊夫 Maeda Toshio born 1953) is a controversial[citation needed] erotic manga artist who was most prolific in the 1980s and 90s. Several of Maeda's works have been used as a basis for Original Video Animations (OVA) including the well known La Blue Girl Adventure Kid Demon Beast Invasion Demon Warrior Koji and his most famous work Urotsukidōji (Legend of the Overfiend).
 Susan Neville (born January 4 1951 Indianapolis Indiana) is an American short story writer and writing professor.
 Gene Austin (June 24 1900 – January 24 1972) was an American singer and songwriter one of the first crooners. His 1920s compositions When My Sugar Walks Down the Street and The Lonesome Road became pop and jazz standards.
 Vaughan Alden Bass was an American painter of pin-up art.Bass was a Chicago artist who started his career working for the Louis F. Dow Company in St. Paul during the mid-1930s. Bass created his own pin-ups for Brown & Bigelow but he worked for Dow as a paint over artist redoing work that other artists (notably Gil Elvgren) had done for the company.Bass' style was often compared with that of Elvgren Al Buell and Joyce Ballantyne.
 William R. Sweatt (1867–?) was an American industrialist.
 Maqbool Fida Husain (17 September 1915 – 9 June 2011) commonly known as MF Husain was an Indian painter and Film Director.Husain was associated with Indian modernism in the 1940s. His narrative paintings executed in a modified Cubist style can be caustic and funny as well as serious and sombre. His themes—sometimes treated in series—include topics as diverse as Mohandas K. Gandhi Mother Teresa the Ramayana the Mahabharata the British raj and motifs of Indian urban and rural life.
 Jonathan Horowitz (born 1966) is a New York based artist working in video sculpture sound installation and photography. Horowitz critically examines the cultures of politics celebrity cinema war and consumerism. From found footage Horowitz visually and spatially juxtaposes elements from film television and the media to reveal connections and breakdowns between these overlapping modes of communication.He is a 1987 graduate of Wesleyan University.
 Morag Joss is an English-born Scottish writer.She is the author of six novels including the Sara Selkirk series and Half Broken Things which won the Crime Writers Association (CWA) Silver Dagger Award. She began writing in 1996 after a short story of hers was runner-up in a national competition sponsored by Good Housekeeping magazine. A visit to the Roman Baths with crime writer P.D. James germinated the plot of her first novel Funeral Music (1998) the first in the Sara Selkirk series.
 Frederick Segrest (born December 21 1926) known professionally as Freddie Hart is an American country musician and songwriter best known for his No. 1 hit Easy Loving which won the Country Music Association Song of the Year award in 1971 and 1972.Hart charted singles from 1953–1987 and later became a gospel singer. He continues to perform at music festivals and other venues.
 Dino Kartsonakis (born July 20 1942) is an accomplished sacred pianist of Greek heritage.
 Alexei Maxim Russell is a Canadian author and the creator of Trueman Bradley. Trueman Bradley is a fictional character in a series of detective novels with an international following. Bradley is characterized as a genius detective with Asperger's Syndrome. Alexei is a member of the Writer's Union of Canada Canadian Society of Children's Writers and Performers and the Crime Writers of Canada.
 Paulus Potter (November 20 1625 (baptised) – January 17 1654 (buried)) was a Dutch painter specialized in animals in landscapes usually with a low point of view.Before Potter died of tuberculosis 28-years old he succeeded in producing about 100 paintings working continuously.
 John Joseph O'Neill (born 26 August 1957 Derry Northern Ireland) is the rhythm guitarist and principal songwriter within the punk/New Wave band The Undertones.
 Oskar Kallis (Tallinn November 23 1892 - Yalta 1 January 1918) was one of the main representatives of the Estonian national romanticism. He studied in 1907 and 1913 to 1916 in the studio of the artist Ants Laikmaa and in 1912-1913 studied design at the Estonian Artist Society (Eesti Kunstiselts). He participated in 1917 in the establishment of the artistic association Vikerla.
 Stonewall Jackson (born November 6 1932) is an American country singer and musician who achieved his greatest fame during country's golden honky tonk era in the 1950s and early 1960s.
 Erica Packer (née Baxter; born 1977) is an Australian singer and model. She was the second wife of Australia's eighth richest man James Packer.
 Peter Allen Ryan (born 1923) was a newspaper columnist author World War II spy director of Melbourne University Press and an officer of the Victorian Supreme Court.He was an intelligence operative behind enemy lines in New Guinea in the Second World War. Fear Drive My Feet is his famous account of his experiences. On his return to Australia he served under Alf Conlon at the Directorate of Research and Civil Affairs.He was Director of Melbourne University Press from 1962 to 1989.
 Joseph Patrick Joe Escalante (born January 30 1963) is an American musician record label owner radio host film and music video director and amateur matador as well as a former television executive and entertainment lawyer. He is most widely known as the bassist for the punk rock band The Vandals the owner of their record label Kung Fu Records and the host of Barely Legal Radio on the Los Angeles/Orange County radio station Indie 103.1 FM.
 Kellyanne Farquhar is a Scottish television actress. She joined the cast of the BBC's Monarch of the Glen for its final series in 2005 starring as boarding school runaway Amy McDougal. Kellyanne graduated from Queen Margaret University College in 2004.Kellyanne won a Scottish Bafta for her role in Monarch. Kellyanne also appeared in the New Found Land film Night People which won the audience award at the Bafta Scotland awards the same year
 Angus McKinnon Young (born 31 March 1955) is a Scottish-born Australian guitarist best known as a co-founder lead guitarist and songwriter of the Australian hard rock band AC/DC. Known for his energetic performances schoolboy-uniform stage outfits and popularisation of Chuck Berry's duckwalk Rolling Stone magazine ranked Young as the 24th greatest guitarist of all time. In 2003 he and the other members of AC/DC were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
 Wallace Huo Chien-hwa (born 26 December 1979) is a Taiwanese-born Chinese actor and singer.Huo first joined the entertainment business at the age of 17. Setting the goal as a singer he went through two years of training in vocal and dancing. Just before he was about to record his first album however he was mandated to enlist in the army.He became known for his cell phone commercial with Angelica Lee in 2000.
 Zao Wou-Ki (pinyin: Zhào Wújí; Wade–Giles: Chao Wu-chi; 13 February 1920 – 9 April 2013) was a Chinese-French painter. He was a member of the Académie des Beaux-Arts in Paris.
 Sir Kingsley William Amis CBE (16 April 1922 – 22 October 1995) was an English novelist poet critic and teacher. He wrote more than 20 novels six volumes of poetry a memoir various short stories radio and television scripts along with works of social and literary criticism.
 Matt Mikalatos is a Christian author speaker and missionary. He is based out of the Portand area and is the author of the comedy theology novels Night of the Living Dead Christian and My Imaginary Jesus as well as the fantasy novel The Sword of Six Worlds.
 Giovanni Battista Bertani (1516–1576) was an Italian painter and architect of the late Renaissance period. He trained with Giulio Romano in Mantua and was promoted after Romano's death to the post of prefect of the ducal studio (fabbriche). Painters who assisted him over the years include his brother Domenico as well as Giovanni Battista del Moro Geronimo Mazzuola Paolo Farinato Domenico Brusasorci Giulio Campi and Paolo Veronese.
 Judy Minx (born around 1989) is a French pornographic actress. She identifies as a sex worker queer and as a feminist activist.
 Casey Abrams (born February 12 1991) is an American musician and multi-instrumentalist from Idyllwild California who finished in sixth place on the tenth season of American Idol. He was eliminated from the competition on April 28 2011 five weeks after being the third finalist to be saved from elimination by the judges.
 John Hambrock is the creator of the comic strip The Brilliant Mind of Edison Lee. It first appeared in newspapers on November 12 2006 and is syndicated worldwide by King Features Syndicate.
 Lee Yun-gi (Hangul: 이윤기) is a prize winning modern South Korean writer and translator.
 Don Hertzfeldt (born August 1 1976) is an American animator and independent filmmaker. He is the creator of many animated films including Everything Will Be OK and the Academy-Award nominated Rejected.
 Jess Lee is a Canadian Métis country music singer-songwriter.
 Aung Yin (Burmese: အောင်ရင် [ʔàʊɴ jɪ̀ɴ] born 28 June 1964) is a well-known Burmese pop singer who reached the height of his career in the late 1980s to early 1990s. Born to U Han Yin and Daw Khin Myaing in Rangoon he is the eldest of three brothers. Aung Yin began singing on stage in the 4th standard and immediately joined the music industry upon graduating from the 10th standard from State High School No. 1 Dagon (BEHS No. 1 Dagon).
 Alan Riach is a Scottish poet and academic.He was born in 1957 in Airdrie Lanarkshire. Riach studied at Cambridge and Glasgow. He worked at the University of Waikato in New Zealand from 1986. He is Professor of Scottish Literature at the University of Glasgow.
 José Navas is a contemporary choreographer and dancer born in Venezuela in 1965 and based in Montreal Quebec.
 Violet May Cottrell (17 May 1887–28 May 1971) was a New Zealand writer poet and spiritualist. She was born in Napier Hawke's Bay New Zealand on 17 May 1887.
 Angenor de Oliveira known as Cartola (Portuguese for top hat) (Portuguese pronunciation: [kaxˈtɔlɐ]; October 11 1908 – November 30 1980) was a Brazilian singer composer and poet considered to be a major figure in the development of samba.Cartola composed alone or with partners more than 500 songs.
 M-Doc is a rap artist and producer who was signed to RCA Records and Smash Records in the 1990s. He scored minor chart success with the singles Free and It's a Summer Thang featuring Chantay Savage. He is currently the president of Indasoul Entertainment.
 Mary Downing Hahn (born December 9 1937) is an award-winning American author of young adult novels. Her first published book The Sara Summer was released in 1979 when she was forty-one years old. Since then she has written over twenty novels. Many of those novels take place in Maryland a state in which she grew up and in which she still lives.Mary Downing Hahn speakingI grew up in a small shingled house down at the end of Guilford Road in College Park Maryland.
 Coenie de Villiers (Coenraad Grabe de Villiers) born 11 October 1956 is a South African singer/songwriter piano player pop artist who sings in his mother tongue Afrikaans. If any comparison was required Coenie's music is best compared to the pop/rock of Herbert Groenemeyer (German language) or Billy Joel (USA English language).
 Larry Campbell (born February 21 1955 in New York City) is a multi-instrumentalist who plays many stringed instruments (including guitar mandolin pedal steel guitar slide guitar and violin) in genres including country folk blues and rock. He is perhaps most widely known for his time as part of Bob Dylan's Never Ending Tour band from 1997 to 2004.Campbell also has extensive experience as a studio musician.
 Jade Esteban Estrada (born September 17 1975 at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio Texas) is a successful Latin pop singer comedian choreographer actor political commentator and human rights activist. Out Magazine called him the first gay Latin star.
 Koby Israelite is a multi-instrumentalist composer producer songwriter and band leader.He released four critically acclaimed albums through John Zorn's Tzadik Records label : Dance of the Idiots (2003) Mood Swings (2005) Orobas: Book of Angels Volume 4 (2006) Is He Listening? (2009).King Papaya his most adventurous record to date was independently released in 2009 to positive reviews.Blues from elsewhere.Asphalt Tango records.release date-15.3.2013As well as producing solo material Israelite has established a career producing for a range of artists touring stages around the world and co-operating with a number of film theatre and television companies.
 Justin Hayford is a Chicago-based singer and pianist. He performs jazz and cabaret music and specializes in reviving obscure and forgotten songs from the past. Justin writes and presents cabaret shows at various venues in Chicago and has released three albums to date.He also works as Case Manager of the AIDS Legal Council of Chicago.
 Aaron Dontez Yates (born November 8 1971) better known by his stage name Tech N9ne (pronounced Tech Nine) is an American rapper from Kansas City Missouri. In 1999 Yates and Travis O'Guin founded the record label Strange Music. Yates has sold over two million albums and has had his music featured in film television and video games.
 Kang Hee-gun (Korean: 강희건 Hanja: 姜熙建; born February 24 1978) better known by his stage name Gary (Korean: 개리 often spelled as Garie) is a South Korean rapper songwriter lyricist record producer dancer entertainer promoter television personality restaurateur and founder of Leessang Company. He is member of hip-hop duo Leessang. He is also currently a cast member of the variety show Running Man.
 Bill Copeland was an American poet writer and historian. He was born at the Emory University Hospital in 1946. He was raised in Dekalb County Georgia and lived above his fathers country store. During the 1970s Copeland earned his master's degree in rehabilitation counseling from the University of Georgia.
 James Rufus Agee (/ˈeɪdʒiː/ AY-jee; November 27 1909 – May 16 1955) was an American author journalist poet screenwriter and film critic. In the 1940s he was one of the most influential film critics in the U.S. His autobiographical novel A Death in the Family (1957) won the author a posthumous 1958 Pulitzer Prize.
 Ruth Orkin (September 3 1921 – January 16 1985) was an American photographer and filmmaker.
 Todor Todorov is a Bulgarian sculptor born in Sofia Bulgaria on September 26 1951. He studied his masters at National Academy of Arts in Sofia Bulgaria and graduated in 1977. Since 1975 he has primarily produced large scale works in the area of public sculpture and Elemental Sculpture. His kinetic sculpture Dance was one of the 19 directly invited/awarded sculptures placed permanently in the Olympic Buildings for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
 Mark Trombino is an American multi-platinum music producer drummer and recording artist. He produced engineered and mixed tracks for many artists including Jimmy Eat World Blink-182 Finch Motion City Soundtrack and All Time Low. As a drummer he recorded and toured with Drive Like Jehu aMiniature Night Soil Man and First Offense.Trombino recently moved into the boutique food space opening a donut shop called Donut Friend in the Highland Park neighborhood of Los Angeles.
 Henry Alexander (b. San Francisco 1860 - d.
 Joan Claire Graham (November 21 1945) is a songwriter playwright publisher editor and writer. Among other literary endeavors she is known for her chronicling of Minnesota history.
 Todd Holoubek (born September 10 1969) is an American film and television actor; comedian; and sketch-comedy writer. He is also an academic.
 David Catlin-Birch is a British musician. He was a bassist for pop/alternative rock band World Party and was the original Paul for the Beatles tribute band The Bootleg Beatles.With Rowland Rivron and Richard Vranch he made up the core team for Radio 2's musical comedy show Jammin' which won a Silver Sony Comedy Award in 2004. He played bass with The Flight of the Conchords on their 2005 Radio 2 series.
 Dag Ingebrigtsen (born on 12 December 1958 in Trondheim Norway) is a Norwegian musician who had his debut in 1977 with the group Subway Suck. He got his breakthrough in 1980 with the rock band The Kids who had the hit Forelska i lærer'n (In love with the teacher). After his success with The Kids he fronted the Norwegian hard rock band TNT. He sang and played rhythm guitar on their self-titled debut album in 1982 before being replaced by American Tony Harnell two years later.
 Anthony Ireland (4 February 1902 - 4 December 1957) was a British actor.
 Ralph Gibson (born January 16 1939) is an American art photographer best known for his photographic books. His images often incorporate fragments with erotic and mysterious undertones building narrative meaning through contextualization and surreal juxtaposition. Gibson currently lives in New York and travels frequently to Europe and Brazil.
 Ted Leo (born Theodore F. Leo on September 11 1970 in South Bend Indiana) is an American punk rock/indie rock songwriter and multi-instrumentalist who has played in the bands Citizens Arrest Chisel The Sin-Eaters The Spinanes and Ted Leo and the Pharmacists.
 Robert Haimer (born March 2 1954) is an American musician singer and songwriter. He performed in the two-man band Barnes & Barnes as his stage persona Artie Barnes alongside actor and musician Bill Mumy. Haimer became friends with Mumy in 1965 at his school's Halloween carnival day. Recently Haimer has sold self-made CD-R's of his private demo recordings on eBay. He has also uploaded videos to YouTube in character as Artie Barnes.
 Catya Maré (pronunciation: catya maree) is a multiple award winning composer music producer classical crossover violinist visual artist and writer from Germany now located in California. She received her US green card based on her achievements in the musical field.
 Khaled El Sheikh (Arabic: خالد الشيخ) or Khalid Al-Shaikh born in Bahrain on 23 September 1958 is a Bahraini singer. Married with 5 daughters (Dareen Noor Marwa Samawa and Wanas). Honored in 12th Bahrain International Musical Festival on 14 October 2003.Honored by Culture & Arts Directorate Ministry of Information for best music and sound effects for Akhbar AlMajnoon play on 6 July 2005.
 Martin Dale Chambers (born 4 September 1951 Hereford England) is the drummer in the rock band the Pretenders. In addition to playing the drums with the group Chambers sings backing vocals (lead vocals on the song Fast or Slow (The Law's the Law) the B-side of the singles 2000 Miles and Show Me which he also wrote) and plays percussion.
 Charles Leslie Johnson (December 3 1876 - December 28 1950) was an American composer of ragtime and popular music. He was born in Kansas City Kansas died in Kansas City Missouri and lived his entire life in those two cities. He published over 300 songs in his life nearly 40 of them ragtime compositions such as Doc Brown’s Cakewalk Dill Pickles Apple Jack (Some Rag) and Snookums Rag.
 Bobby Kildea (born 14 March 1972)[citation needed] is a musician from Northern Ireland. He currently plays bass and guitar in the Scottish indie pop band Belle & Sebastian after joining in 2001 to replace departing bassist Stuart David and had previously been in V-Twin.
 Kuru Aravinthan is a Tamil author. He was born and studied in Sri Lanka and later moved to Canada. He is a regular contributor to Indian and Canadian Tamil language magazines including Kungumam Uthayan Thai Veedu and Thural .He has also written screenplays the films Sugam Sugame Veli and Siva ranjani and a thriller novella titled Neer Mulki..Neeril Mulki.
 William Guest (born July 2 1941 Atlanta Georgia) is an American R&B/soul singer best known as a member of Gladys Knight & the Pips. He is Gladys Knight's cousin. Guest has resided in the Detroit area since the mid 1960s. He was inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996.
 Tetsushi Tanaka (田中 哲司 Tanaka Tetsushi born February 18 1966 in Mie Prefecture) is a Japanese actor.
 Brittany Nicole Waddell (born August 2 1984) better known by her stage name Britt Nicole is an American musician singer-songwriter and recording artist. She has mainly charted as a Christian pop artist but her song Gold has charted on mainstream pop radio. She is signed to EMI CMG/Sparrow and Capitol Records.
 Pascal Foucart is a French artist born in the sixties and living in Paris France.
 David Brown (February 15 1950 – September 4 2000) was the primary bass guitar player for the band Santana from 1966 until 1971 then again from 1973 until 1976.David grew up in Daly City California.Brown played with Carlos Santana at Woodstock in 1969 and on several other dates and albums.At the Fillmore West Tuesday jam sessions in the late 60's and early 70's Dave would often make personnel selections for the sessions and participate as well.
 Mark Kurlansky (born 7 December 1948 in Hartford Connecticut) is an American journalist and writer of general interest non-fiction. Kurlansky's newest book Ready For a Brand New Beat: How Dancing in the Street Became the Anthem for a Changing America was released July 2013 from Riverhead Books.Kurlansky attended Butler University where he harbored an early interest in theatre and earned a BA in 1970. However his interest faded and he began to work as a journalist in the 1970s.
 David Buck (17 October 1936 – 27 January 1989) was an English actor.He starred in many television productions from 1959 until 1989. One of his earlier roles was that of Horatio Hornblower in an episode entitled Hornblower (1963) in the Alcoa Premiere TV series. He played Winston Smith in Theatre 625: The World of George Orwell: 1984 (1965) a remake of Nigel Kneale's adaptation of the novel.
 Marcus Gee is an urban affairs columnist for The Globe and Mail Canada's largest national daily newspaper which he joined in 1991. He was born in Toronto and graduated from the University of British Columbia in 1979 with a degree in modern European history.
 Thiruvavaduthurai Thirumarugal Natesapillai Rajarathinam Pillai (Tamil: T N ராஜரத்தினம் பிள்ளை (27 August 1898 – 12 December 1956) was a Carnatic musician in South India a Nadaswaram maestro and a vocalist. He was popularly known as TNR by his initials. He redesigned the traditional Nagaswaram instrument replacing the timiri with the bari nayanam for instance which he improved substantially as well. He was titled by the music lovers with Nadaswara Chakravarthi (Emperor of Nadaswaram)
 Emory Aaron Big Rich Richardson (April 30 1886 – September 17 1965) was an American poet. He was the first person to be unofficially designated state poet laureate of Indiana. The Indiana State Poet Laureate position was not made official until July 1 2005. Much of his poetry was written about his native Indiana especially Hoosier nature and country life.
 Christian Nephi Anderson (January 22 1865 – January 6 1923) was a prolific LDS author and the most well-known from the Home Literature period of LDS fiction. His most successful work was his first novel Added Upon (1898) but his writing career also included short stories poetry and non-fiction. He published a total of ten novels.
 Henry Bacon (November 28 1866 – February 17 1924) was an American Beaux-Arts architect who is best remembered for the Lincoln Memorial in Washington D.C. (built 1915–1922) which was his final project.
 John Willard Will Clawson (January 18 1858 - April 6 1936) was an American Utah-based artist in the late-19th and early 20th-century.
 Brian Hinton MBE (born 21 September 1950) is an English poet and musicologist. In June 2006 he was honoured in H. M. the Queen’s Birthday Honours List with an MBE for services to the Arts.
 Joseph Villiet (August 10 1823 - July 10 1877) was a French master stained glass artist born in Ébreuil France. He trained at the atelier of Émile Thibaud and Étienne Thevenot at Clermont-Ferrand. In 1852 he relocated to Bordeaux where he worked until his death in 1877.Villiet became a member of the Bordeaux Imperial Academy of Sciences Literature and Arts in 1859. The same year he published an essay on the history of murals in the academy's collections.
 Momčilo Momo Kapor (Serbian Cyrillic: Момчило – Момо Капор; 8 April 1937 – 3 March 2010) was a Serbian novelist and painter. Kapor is the author of over forty novels short stories travel and autobiographic books and essays. He was introduced to the literary circles as the author of radio TV and theater drama at the beginning of the sixties. His novels are on national bestseller lists. Kapor's books are translated to twenty languages.
 Thomas Warming ( 20 February 1969) is a Danish illustrator painter and author.
 Balakrishna Bhagwant Borkar (Konkani:बाळकृष्ण भगवन्त शेणय बोरकारpopularly known as बाकीबाब Marathi: बाळकृष्ण भगवन्त बोरकर) (1910–1984) was a poet from Goa India.Bā Bha Borkar also known as Ba-ki-baab started writing poems at an early age. Vi Sa Khandekar was an early champion of Borkar's verse. Borkar joined Goa's fight for freedom in 1950s and moved to Pune where he worked for radio in 1950s. Most of his literature is written in Marathi though his Konkani output is also numerous.
 Lee Jangwook (Hangul: 이장욱) is a South Korean poet novelist and critic.
 Anthony Hartley (1925–2000) was a writer and critic. After Exeter College Oxford University he reviewed poetry for The Spectator. He moved to New York in 1967. His books included A State of England (1963) and Gaullism: the Rise and Fall of a Political Movement (1972) and he edited The Penguin Book of French Verse in 1959.
 Ricardo Garijo (December 1 1953 - October 3 2009) is an Argentinian author and artist best known for his long career in comics.
 Hiroki Uchi (内 博貴 Uchi Hiroki) (born September 10 1986) is a Japanese idol singer songwriter actor and model. He was born in Habikino Osaka Prefecture Japan.
 Ferdinando Valencia is a Mexican actor.During his High School years he was a soccer player and he has 1 brother and 2 sisters.However Valencia is the oldest from his brother and sisters.
 Andrew Charles Andy Grammer (born December 3 1983) is an American singer-songwriter and record producer. He is signed to Steve Greenberg's S-Curve Records. His debut album Andy Grammer was released on June 14 2011.
 Errol Scorcher (born Errol Archer 1956 – January 19 2012) was a Jamaican reggae deejay.
 Oscar Armando Yanes González (25 April 1927 in Caracas – 21 October 2013) was a Venezuelan journalist and bestselling author considered a pioneer in Venezuelan broadcast journalism. Was awarded by three times with the National Prize for Journalism.Oscar Yanes was famous for his tales about contemporary history in the TV program Así son las Cosas (The way things are). In the late 1940s received the first prize from the Venezuelan Association of Writers for his book Carlos J.
 Mary Alessi is a Christian songwriter and Worship leader.
 Richard Clifford Blackwood (born 15 May 1972 in Clapham London England) is a British comedian former media personality actor and rapper. He once co-presented a show on the London radio station Choice FM and has guested as a disc jockey at various nightclubs.
 Elisabeth Tova Bailey is the author of The Sound of a Wild Snail Eating (2010 Algonquin Books ISBN 978-1565126060) which won the 2010 John Burroughs Medal the Natural History Literature category of the 2010 National Outdoor Book Award (joint award) and the non-fiction category of the 2012 William Saroyan International Prize for Writing.
 Wadsworth A. Parker (b. 1864 – d. 1938 Petersburg Virginia) was an American printer and typeface designer. He was a director of the American Type Founders Company designed many faces for them and served as head of their specimen department. His faces are typically highly decorative and often capture the Art Deco style of the time.
 Basil Gill (1877–1955) was a British film actor whose film career started with Henry VIII (1911) a short silent film. In 1926 Gill appeared in two short films made in the DeForest Phonofilm sound-on-film process Santa Claus as the title character and Julius Caesar as Brutus.
 Sandara Park (Korean: 박산다라; born November 12 1984) better known as Dara (Korean: 다라) is a South Korean idol singer actress dancer and model. She is best known as being a member and the director of communications of the South Korean girl group 2NE1. However she first gained major popularity on ABS-CBN's Star Circle Quest during her stay in the Philippines. Her younger brother Park Sang-Hyun better known as Cheondung is a member of boy band MBLAQ under J.
 Carol Higgins Clark (born 1956) is an American mystery author. She is also the daughter of suspense writer Mary Higgins Clark with whom she has co-authored several Christmas novels and the former sister-in-law of author Mary Jane Clark.
 Joan Anita Barbara Armatrading MBE (born 9 December 1950) is a British singer songwriter and guitarist. Armatrading is a three-time Grammy Award-nominee and has been nominated twice for BRIT Awards as Best Female Artist. She also received an Ivor Novello Award for Outstanding Contemporary Song Collection in 1996. In a recording career spanning 40 years she has released a total of 18 studio albums as well as several live albums and compilations.
 Maria Muldaur (born September 12 1943) is an American folk-blues singer who was part of the American folk music revival in the early 1960s. She recorded the 1974 hit song Midnight at the Oasis and continues to record albums in the folk traditions.
 David Race is an American stand-up comedian actor and former radio personality.Race was born in Brooklyn New York and raised on Long Island by his adoptive parents Robert and Judith.
 Anna Oxa stage name of Iliriana Hoxha (28 April 1961) is an Italian singer actress and television presenter of Albanian origin well-known through her numerous appearances in the Italian National Sanremo Music Festival. Oxa known as la Voce e il Cuore (the Voice and the Heart) debuted with a song called Fiorellin del Prato at the age of 15.
 Andre Johnson (born 1970) better known by his stage name Jah Mason also known as Fire Mason is a reggae singer/deejay from Jamaica active as a recording artist since 1991.
 Shar Levine (born 1953 in Edmonton Alberta) is an award-winning best selling Canadian children’s author and designer.Shar has written over 70 books and book/kits primarily on hands-on science for children.
 Enzo Stuarti (born Lorenzo Scapone; March 3 1919 - December 16 2005) was an Italian American tenor and musical theater performer. After a performing on Broadway under the stage names Larry Laurence and Larry Stuart he changed his name again and began a recording career in which he released several successful albums. He made regular stage and television appearances and was featured in commercials for Ragú spaghetti sauce.
 Benedict Joseph Murdoch (1886–1973) better known as Reverend B.J. Murdoch was a Roman Catholic priest and writer. His best known work is The Red Vineyard (1928) which recalls his service during the First World War as a military chaplain. He initially enlisted and trained with the 132nd CEF Battalion (North Shore) and eventually served in England France Belgium and Germany.
 Mary A Agria (born 24 March 1941) is an American writer who spent her early career as a journalist and non-fiction writer then in 'retirement' began writing a series of novels that deal with the issues facing older Americans including finding meaning in one's senior years resolving parent-child relationships and facing the ultimate realities of change and loss that are part of the human experience.
 Francis Joseph Sherman (February 3 1871 – June 15 1926) was a Canadian poet.He published a number of books of poetry during the last years of the nineteenth century including Matins and In Memorabilia Mortis (a collection of sonnets in memory of William Morris).
 Geoffrey Freshwater is an English actor. His television appearances include The Government Inspector and the recurring character of Sgt Eric Rivers in 5 episodes of Foyle's War.
 Kari Korhonen (born 1973) is a Finnish cartoonist known for his stories about Donald Duck.
 Jacobus Hendrikus Bastiaan Jaap Spaanderman jr. (Gouda 17 October 1896 – Laren 22 July 1985) was a Dutch pianist cellist conductor and piano and conducting pedagogue.Jaap Spaanderman jr. was the son of organist and conductor Jacobus Hendrikus Bastiaan Spaanderman sr. (1864–1943).He studied cello with Isaac Mossel and piano with Sarah Bosmans-Benedicts.
 Denis Foyatier (21 September 1793 at Bussières Loire – 19 November 1863 at Paris) was a French sculptor in the neoclassical style.
 Austin Dafora Horton (August 4 1890 – March 4 1965) widely known as Asadata Dafora was a Sierra Leonean multidisciplinary musician. He was one of the first Africans to introduce African drumming music to the United States beginning in the early 1930s.[1] His artistic endeavors spanned multiple disciplines but he is best remembered for his work in dance and music.Dafora was a multifaceted artist talented in opera and concert singing dancing choreographing and composing.
 Matteo Ghidoni (died 1700) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period. Born in Florence he was also known as Matteo dei Pitocchi due to his dotty and flashy brushstrokes. He painted burlesque genre paintings similar to those of Alessandro Magnasco. He died in Padua.
 Oleksandr Ivanovych Bilash (also spelt Olexandr Bilash Alexander Bilash Ukrainian: Олександр Іванович Білаш) (March 6 1931 – May 6 2003) was a Ukrainian composer and the author of popular lyric songs ballads operas operettas oratorios and music for films. Laureate of the Taras Shevchenko State Award (1975) People's Artist of Ukraine (1977) People's Artist of the Soviet Union (1990). Hero of Ukraine (2001).
 Jacques Polge is a French perfumer who works as the head of Parfums Chanel starting in 1978 to the present. He is the third director of the perfume division after Ernest Beaux and Henri Robert.Jacques Polge grew up near Avignon France where he says he was inspired as a child by the scent of air in the surroundings of Grasse which was redolent with the scent of jasmine. After university Jacques Polge began a traditional apprenticeship in Grasse under the guidance of Jean Carles.
 Johanna Kinkel (8 July 1810 – 15 November 1858) was a German composer writer and revolutionary. Kinkel was born in Bonn. In 1840 after five months of unhappy marriage she was divorced from the Cologne bookseller Matthieux. Her second marriage in 1843 was to the German poet Gottfried Kinkel. They had four children. Following the 1848 Revolutions she was forced to abandon Germany and flee to London.
 Janez Bončina nicknamed Benč (born 3 December 1947) is a Slovenian composer guitarist and singer. He is one of the leading authors and performers of Slovenian and Yugoslavian rock music. In the middle of 1960s Bončina with his friend Tomaž Domicelj from the group Helioni showed his talent for music. Later with the group Mladi levi he founded the projects which started the Slovenian pop rock scene.
 Herbert Breslin (1 October 1924 – 17 May 2012) was a music industry executive. He was influential in the careers of several musicians since the 1960s the foremost of these being the tenor Luciano Pavarotti with whom he started his career.
 Brian Wilson Aldiss OBE (/ˈɔːldɪs/; born 18 August 1925) is an English writer and anthologies editor best known for science fiction novels and short stories. His byline reads either Brian W. Aldiss or simply Brian Aldiss except for occasional pseudonyms during the mid-1960s. Greatly influenced by science fiction pioneer H. G. Wells Aldiss is a vice-president of the international H. G. Wells Society. He is also (with Harry Harrison) co-president of the Birmingham Science Fiction Group.
 Ernie Joseph Cag Cagnolatti (April 2 1911 Madisonville Louisiana – April 7 1983 New Orleans) was an American jazz trumpeter.Cagnolatti began on trumpet around 1929 and played with Herbert Leary from 1933 to 1942 as well as off and on with Sidney Desvigne and Papa Celestin. Cagnolatti was a recurring member of many of the major New Orleans brass bands; he worked in the bands of George Williams in the 1940s and 1950s and with Alphonse Picou in the early 1950s.
 Jack W. Aeby (/ˈæbi/; born August 16 1923) is an American environmental physicist most famous for having taken the only well-exposed color photograph of the first detonation of a nuclear weapon on July 16 1945 at the Trinity nuclear test site in New Mexico. While color motion pictures of the Trinity test were made most were badly overexposed or damaged due to the fireball's tendency to blister and solarize the film.
 Allison Cameron (born 1963 in Edmonton Alberta) is a Canadian composer of contemporary classical music. She is also a performer of free improvisation and experimental music.She has studied at the University of Victoria and York University.
 Lady Georgiana Fullerton (23.09.1812–19.01.1885) was an English novelist.Georgiana Charlotte Leveson-Gower was the daughter of Granville Leveson-Gower 1st Earl Granville and sister of Granville George Leveson-Gower 2nd Earl Granville a prominent statesman. In 1833 she married in Paris an attaché of the embassy Alexander George Fullerton who came from Ireland.She converted to Roman Catholicism in 1846 and wrote The Life of St. Frances of Rome and Others.
 Nadav Kander is a London based photographer artist and director known for his portraiture and landscapes. His work is included in the collections of the National Portrait Gallery the Victoria and Albert Museum and other galleries and museums.
 Mark Turner (born November 10 1965) is an American jazz saxophonist.
 Albert Louis Hammond OBE (born 18 May 1944) is an English singer songwriter and record producer based in the British Mediterranean territory of Gibraltar.
 Barbara Hambly (born August 28 1951) is an American novelist and screenwriter within the genres of fantasy science fiction mystery and historical fiction. She has a bestselling mystery series featuring a man of color a musician and physician in New Orleans in the antebellum years. She also wrote a novel about Mary Todd Lincoln.Her science fiction novels occur within an explicit multiverse as well as within previously existing settings (notably Star Trek and Star Wars).
 Arthur Alexander (May 10 1940 – June 9 1993) was an American country songwriter and soul singer. Jason Ankeny music critic for Allmusic said Alexander was a country-soul pioneer and that though largely unknown his music is the stuff of genius a poignant and deeply intimate body of work on par with the best of his contemporaries. Alexander wrote songs publicized by such stars as the Beatles the Rolling Stones Otis Redding Tina Turner and Jerry Lee Lewis.
 Comtesse Anaïs Perrière-Pilte (Anais Marcelli) (b. 1836 d. December 1878) was a French composer noted for theatrical works who often used the pseudonym Anais Marcelli. She usually wrote her own libretto and had a theatre built in her home to produce opera. She died in Paris.
 Arne Lygre (born 1968) is a Norwegian novelist and playwright. Among his plays are Mamma og meg og menn from 1998 staged at Rogaland Teater and Brått og evig from 1999 first staged at the National Theatre (Oslo). He was awarded the Brage Prize in 2004 for the short story collection Tid inne. His first novel was Et siste ansikt from 2006.
 Pedro Vilarroig (Madrid November 8 1954) is a Spanish composer and a professor of physics and cosmology at the Universidad Politécnica of Madrid. He is a best known for his compositions and is a proponent of neotonalism having founded and led the Asociación Española de Compositores Neotonales (Spanish Association of Neotonal Composers).
 Richard Colón (born January 1 1966) better known by his stage name Crazy Legs is a b-boy from the Bronx New York City USA. He featured in the earliest stories on hip hop dancing to appear in mainstream press and as president of the Rock Steady Crew brought the form to London and Paris in 1983. Today he is also involved in community outreach dance instruction and dance theater productions. His pioneering status is reflected in his appearances in fiction films and documentaries old and new.
 Dieter Dierks (born February 9 1943 in Stommeln near Cologne) is a German record producer mostly known for his collaboration with the rock band Scorpions which he produced from 1975 to 1990.
 Lindell Cooley (born February 3 1963) is a pastor Christian singer and worship leader of the Brownsville Revival in Pensacola Florida.He is known for his soulful gospel and rock-infused contemporary worship music.[citation needed]Cooley currently serves as president of Music Missions International (MMI) and Pastor at Grace Church in Nashville Tennessee.
 Amr Sobhy (Arabic: عمرو صبحي ‎) is an award winning Egyptian information activist social entrepreneur published author and poet. He is best known as co-creator of MorsiMeter; a digital initiative and online platform to document and monitor the performance of Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi which has attracted a wide global attention. The initiative modeled after Obameter is considered to be the first in Egypt and the Middle East to hold a president accountable for his promises.
 Howard Lindzon is a Canadian author financial analyst technical analyst and super angel investor. Lindzon manages a hedge fund serves as managing partner of the holding company Social Leverage limited partner at Knight's Bridge Capital Partners and is the co-founder of StockTwits. Lindzon was named one of the The Best Tweets for Your Money in 2013 by Barron's.
 Aneirin Talfan Davies (1909-1980) was a Welsh poet broadcaster and literary critic.Talfan Davies was brought up in Gorseinon. During the 1930s Davies worked in London as a pharmacist before returning to Wales and settling in Swansea. He was the brother of Alun Talfan Davies with whom he founded the publishing company Llyfrau'r Dryw (later succeeded by Christopher Davies).
 Cecilia May Gibbs MBE (17 January 1877 – 27 November 1969) publishing under the name May Gibbs was an English Australian children's author illustrator and cartoonist. She is best known for her gumnut babies (also known as bush babies or bush fairies) and the book Snugglepot and Cuddlepie.
 Lee Chae-Yeon (Korean: 이채연 born December 7 1978) better known as Chae Yeon is a Korean pop singer who rose to fame with her hit single Two of Us (Korean: 둘이서) in 2004 and her wave dance style.
 Mark Daniel Read (born in Worcester Park London on 7 November 1978) is a British singer/songwriter best known as member of the boy band A1 from 1998 to 2002 and 2009–present.
 Hildamit Lepcha is a renowned exponent of Lepcha folk music. She is recipient of Padma Shri Award in 2013. Hildamit has excelled as a performer of traditional Lepcha musical instruments as well as Lepcha songs.
 Julienne Taylor (born Julie Anne Taylor on 15 July) is a Scottish singer / songwriter who has been hailed as Scotland’s best female voice since Annie Lennox. Her beautiful voice creates gorgeous music both traditional and contemporary performed with a Scottish flavor.Julienne Taylor’s enchanting and captivating voice has been compared to both Norah Jones and Eva Cassidy but has her own unique and distinctive style influenced by her Scottish ancestry.
 Anna Maria Hall (6 January 1800 – 30 January 1881) was an Irish novelist who often published as Mrs. S. C. Hall. She married Samuel Carter Hall the writer on art who described her in Retrospect of a Long Life from 1815 to 1883. She was born Anna Maria Fielding in Dublin but left Ireland at the age of 15.
 Edgar Maxence (French: [maksɑ̃s]; 1871–1954) was a French Symbolist painter.
 Valentina Tolkunova (Russian: Валенти́на Васи́льевна Толкуно́ва 12 July 1946 – 22 March 2010) was a Soviet and Russian singer and was bestowed the title of Honored Artist of RSFSR (1979) and People's Artist of RSFSR (1987). Her performances exhibited a kindhearted mood and sincerity and her voice was noted for its clarity.
 Flavio Boltro (born May 5 1961) is an Italian trumpet and flugelhorn jazz player.
 Shimizu Motoyoshi (清水基吉 August 31 1918–March 30 2008) was the pen name of a Japanese novelist and poet active during the Shōwa and Heisei periods of Japan. His real name was Shimizu Motoyoshi (清水基嘉) pronounced the name but written in different kanji.
 Sandy or Sandy Stevens (real name Sandy Stevenson) is a British singer.
 Shim Eun-Jin (Korean: 심은진; born February 6 1981) is a Korean singer and the former member of Baby V.O.X. She was the first to leave the group at the end of 2004 publicly stating that she did not agree with the direction their record company DR Music was heading. Disappearing for a time she re-emerged at the end of 2005 with her first solo album Zeeny's.
 Richard Isanove (born 1968) is a French artist and painter working in the American comic book industry.
 Vesa Nahil Luma (Born 12 May 1986) is an Albanian Pop singer and songwriter from Kosovoone of the most talented artists in Albania and is often referred as The Albanian Pop Queen. Vesa was discovered as an artist in her early age. She has participated in festivals like Xixëllonjat Akordet e Kosovës and many festivals. After leaving the kids festivals Vesa entered Ethet Albanian version of Pop Idol. She was very successful in the contest making it to the live final shows.
 William Coleman (February 14 1766 – July 13 1829) was the first editor of The New York Evening Post (today known as the New York Post) chosen by founder Alexander Hamilton.
 George Henry Lewes (18 April 1817 – 30 November 1878) was an English philosopher and critic of literature and theatre. He became part of the mid-Victorian ferment of ideas which encouraged discussion of Darwinism positivism and religious scepticism. However he is perhaps best known today for having openly lived with George Eliot a soul-mate whose life and writings were enriched by their friendship although they were never married.
 William Benjamin Bensussen better known by his stage name The Gaslamp Killer is an alternative hip hop producer and DJ based in Los Angeles California. He is currently signed with Brainfeeder a record label founded by Flying Lotus.
 Ambrosius Bosschaert the Elder (18 January 1573 – 1621) was a still life painter of the Dutch Golden Age.
 Rallé also known as Master of the Town of Consuls (MTC) is an American artist whose work has most recently been shown in the Meisel Gallery and the Bruce R. Lewin Fine Art in New York City. His paintings have accompanied several articles in the magazine Omni and appeared as covers of several books. Rallé's work has also been featured in Time Life Books Esquire Penthouse Gulf-communicator Toronto Life Graphics Annual and American Illustration 3.
 Linda Bloodworth-Thomason (born Linda Joyce Bloodworth; April 15 1947) is an American writer and television producer.Bloodworth-Thomason is best known for creating writing and producing several television series most successfully with the series Designing Women. She and her husband Harry Thomason were also notable for their friendship with former President Bill Clinton and his family.
 Can Atilla (born in 1969) is a Turkish composer and musician. He composed Diriliş (Resurrection) the official music for the 90th anniversary of the Turkish parliament.
 Sir Sydney Prior Hall MVO MA (18 October 1842 – 1922) was a British portrait painter and illustrator and one of the leading reportage artists of the later Victorian period.The son of animal portraitist Harry Hall Sydney Hall was educated at Merchant Taylors' School. He decided on a career as an artist while at Oxford University and joined the staff of The Graphic an illustrated newspaper shortly after its foundation in late 1869.
 Kiesa Rae Ellestad better known by her stage name Kiesza is a Canadian singer-songwriter from Calgary who has most recently worked out of New York City and London. She is best known for her debut single Hideaway.
 María Laura Santillan (born 15 March 1962) is an Argentine journalist. She actually hosts Argentina para armar at Todo Noticias (TN) Sundays at night and Telenoche the most viewed news program in Argentina. Santillan every day make an effort to achieve a very important objective for South America. She is one of the principal personalities in Argentina who make actions every day to defeat barriers.
 Tomas Kalnoky (born December 24 1980) is a Czech-born American musician. He is the lead singer/guitarist and songwriter of the bands Streetlight Manifesto and Bandits of the Acoustic Revolution and goes by the pseudonym Toh Kay as a solo performer. He is the former lead singer/guitarist for 3rd-wave ska band Catch 22 but left the band after making only one album (their debut Keasbey Nights) to attend Savannah College of Art and Design in Savannah Georgia for visual art.
 Volker Kriegel (24 December 1943–15 June 2003) was a German jazz guitarist and composer born in Darmstadt Germany perhaps most noteworthy for his contributions to the European jazz rock genre and for his collaborations with the American vibraphonist Dave Pike. In 1975 he was a founding member of the United Jazz and Rock Ensemble.
 Eugene Fodor (/juːˈdʒiːn ˈfoʊdər/; October 14 1905 – February 18 1991) was an American writer of travel literature of Hungarian origin.
 Gerald Joseph Gerry Mulligan (April 6 1927 – January 20 1996) was an American jazz saxophonist clarinetist composer and arranger. Though Mulligan is primarily known as one of the leading baritone saxophonists in jazz history – playing the instrument with a light and airy tone in the era of cool jazz – he was also a notable arranger working with Claude Thornhill Miles Davis Stan Kenton and others.
 Amanda Wilson (born 13th April 1980) is a British singer in the UK house music act Freemasons. As part of the act she has scored two major UK hit singles one of which went on to success in several European charts and the US Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart.Amanda also scored another major UK and worldwide smash hit working with Tim Berg aka Avicii and Samuele Sartini on Seek Bromance in 2010.
 Francis Levy (born March 28 1948) is the author of the comic novels Erotomania: A Romance published by Two Dollar Radio in 2008 and subsequently translated in a Spanish edition by Tusquets Editores in 2009 and Seven Days in Rio published by Two Dollar Radio in 2011. Levy is also the co-founder of the Philoctetes Center for the Multidisciplinary Study of Imagination. He has been profiled in The East Hampton Star AIGA Voice Nerve.com and elsewhere.
 Emily Nasrallah (Arabic: اميلي نصرالله‎ Imilī Naṣr Allāh) née Emily Abi Rached on 6 July 1931 in Kfeir Lebanon; is a Lebanese writer and women's rights activist. Emily showed literary talents at an early age she took up writing and journalism while still in college a talent for which she would receive great recognition.
 Vincent Bennett is an American musician. He is the vocalist and only remaining original member of the American metalcore band The Acacia Strain and the metalcore band Cockpunch. Vincent uses growling as his vocal styles. He stated in an interview with PitCam TV that he is straight edge.
 Abigail Pogrebin (born May 17 1965) is an American writer. She is the author of the 2005 book Stars of David: Prominent Jews Talk About Being Jewish.Her second book One and the Same: My Life As an Identical Twin and What I’ve Learned About Everyone’s Struggle to Be Singular was published in October 2009.
 M. S. Narayana is an Indian actor comedian and director who primarily works in Telugu Cinema. He has acted in more than 500 films and is noted for his comic timing and facial expressions with witty dialogues. He is well known for his acting in films such as Indra Sontam Dookudu. He also penned dialogues for 8 films like Alexander starring Suman.
 Peter Pearson is an American icon painter author and teacher of icon painting. He has created hundreds of icons for private collectors churches and other institutions throughout the world. Through his workshops and seminars he has worked with more than 2500 students. His workshops give even the most inexperienced painter the skills to paint their own icon.He began painting icons at the age of twelve and has studied under Russian icon painter Dr.
 Natasha Shneider (Russian: Наташа Шнайдер) (May 22 1956 – July 2 2008) was a Russian musician and actress. She was most notably the keyboardist and vocalist in the musical group Eleven and was the partner of bandmate Alain Johannes. She also played keyboard bass on the group's first three albums. In 2005 she toured with Queens of the Stone Age for their album Lullabies to Paralyze.
 John Dann MacDonald (July 24 1916 – December 28 1986) was an American writer of novels and short stories known for his thrillers.MacDonald was a prolific author of crime and suspense novels many of them set in his adopted home of Florida. His best-known works include the popular and critically acclaimed Travis McGee series and his novel The Executioners which was adapted into the film Cape Fear.
 Richard Michelson (born July 3 1953) is a poet and a children's book author.In January 2009 As Good As Anybody: Martin Luther King and Abraham Joshua Heschel's Amazing March Toward Freedom was awarded the Sydney Taylor Book Award Gold Medal from the Association of Jewish Libraries and A is for Abraham was awarded the Silver Medal.
 Ross Anthony Jarman (born 22 September 1984 in Wakefield United Kingdom) is the drummer with English rock band The Cribs.
 Steve Swell (born in Newark NJ December 6 1954) is an American free jazz trombonist and composer.
 Martin Fitzgerald Lawrence (born April 16 1965) is an American actor film director film producer screenwriter and comedian. He came to fame during the 1990s establishing a Hollywood career as a leading actor most notably in the films House Party Bad Boys Blue Streak Big Momma's House and A Thin Line Between Love & Hate. Lawrence has had numerous film roles and his own highly rated television series eponymously named after him Martin which aired on the Fox network from 1992 to 1997.
 Johnny Heartsman (February 9 1937 – December 27 1996) was an American electric blues and soul blues musician and songwriter. Heartsman showed musical diversity playing a number of musical instruments including the electric organ and flute. His distinctive guitar playing appeared on a number of 1950s and 1960s San Francisco Bay Area recordings and he was still playing up to the time of his death.His best known recording Johnny's House Party was a R&B hit in 1957.
 SJ Esau is an indie rock musician from Bristol England.
 Mick Inkpen is an author and illustrator of children's books best known for his creations Kipper the Dog and Wibbly Pig.
 Phil Jourdan (born 1987) is a Portuguese/French author musician and publisher based in the UK.He is the author of two books: What Precision Such Restraint [2013 Perfect Edge Books] In Praise of Motherhood [2011 Zero Books]He fronts the rock band Paris and the Hiltons.After his involvement in co-founding LitReactor he turned to publishing and has worked with two presses: Perfect Edge Books (fiction) and Zero Books (political nonfiction).
 Walter DeLeon (3 May 1884 – 1 August 1947) was an American screenwriter. He wrote for 66 films between 1912 and 1953 and acted in one film. He was born in Oakland California and died in Los Angeles California.
 Georg Michael Telemann (20 April 1748 – 4 March 1831) was a German composer and theologian.Telemann was born in Plön a grandson of the better-known Georg Philipp Telemann. He is mainly known for the church music he wrote. He died in Riga.
 Hi-Yo Silver! was a musical solo project by Bjørn Kulseth the former lead singer and songwriter of the Norwegian rock band The Act. The only Hi-Yo Silver! album was entitled Away and was released in 1988.
 Kazunori Yokoo (横尾和則 Yokoo Kazunori) is a Japanese actor.
 Gilbert Brown Wilson (1907–1991) was an American painter known for his large-scale murals including his 1935 murals in Woodrow Wilson Junior High School in Terre Haute Indiana. Much of his later life was dedicated to depicting Herman Melville's Moby Dick. In 1955 a short film using this body of artwork won a Silver Reel Award at the Venice Film Festival.
 Horacio Hidrovo Velásquez (Santa Ana May 20 1902 - Portoviejo April 19 1962) was an Ecuadorian poet novelist and short story writer.In 1957 he was the President of the House of Ecuadorian Culture Manabi branch.He was the father of the Ecuadorian poet Horacio Hidrovo Peñaherrera (1931-2012).In 1961 the Ecuadorian government honored him with the Educational Merit Award.His best known novel is Un Hombre y un Río (A Man and A River) (1957).In 1975 his son Horacio published a collection of his poems under the title Canción de las Voces Infinitas (Song of the Infinite Voices) but it was not a complete collection because a great number of Hidrovo Velásquez's poems were printed in numerous magazines that are difficult to find today.
 Lawrence Coates is a novelist and current director Bowling Green University's Master of Fine Arts program in creative writing.Coates was educated at El Cerrito High School University of California at Santa Cruz and University of Utah. He has previously taught at Lycée Charlemagne and Southern Utah University.
 Scott Travis (born September 6 1961) is a Grammy Award winning American rock musician best known as the drummer for the English heavy metal band Judas Priest and the American heavy metal band Racer X.
 Alexander Brandon (also known as Siren in the demoscene and tracker community born 1974) is a US musician former member of Straylight Productions who composed music mostly for games produced by Epic Games or games based on Epic technology including Unreal Unreal Tournament Deus Ex Tyrian Jazz Jackrabbit 2 and the cancelled game Jazz Jackrabbit 3D.
 Donnie Williams is an American soul gospel and jazz singer-songwriter who in 2004 became a Top 32 Finalist in Season 3 of American Idol. He currently resides in the Bay Area California.
 Michael McDonald (born c. 1963) is an American costume designer who was nominated for both a Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award in 2009 for his work on the Broadway revival of the musical Hair.McDonald was born in Allentown Pennsylvania in the United States. He is a 1981 graduate of William Allen High School. In 1984 he became involved in theatre at Allentown's Civic Theatre.
 Kazi Nazrul Islam (Bengali: কাজী নজরুল ইসলাম Kazī Nazrul Islām (24 May 1899 – 29 August 1976) sobriquet Bidrohi Kobi (Rebel Poet) known popularly as Nazrul was a Bengali poet musician and revolutionary who pioneered poetic works espousing intense spiritual rebellion against fascism and oppression. His poetry and nationalist activism earned him the popular title of বিদ্রোহী কবি Bidrohī Kobi (Rebel Poet).
 Vissarion Grigoryevich Belinsky (Russian: Виссарио́н Григо́рьевич Бели́нский IPA: [vʲɪsərʲɪˈon grʲɪˈgorʲjɪvʲɪtɕ bʲɪˈlʲinskʲɪj]; June 11 [O.S. May 30] 1811 – June 7 [O.S. May 26] 1848) was a Russian literary critic of Westernizing tendency. He was an associate of Alexander Herzen Mikhail Bakunin (he at one time courted one of his sisters) and other critical intellectuals.
 Lazar Yosifovych Lagin (Russian: Ла́зарь Ио́сифович Лагин) was the pen name of Lazar Ginzburg (4 December 1903 Vitebsk – 4 June 1979 Moscow) was the pen name of Lazar Ginzburg (4 December 1903 Vitebsk – 4 June 1979 Moscow). He was a Soviet author of children's and science fiction books.Lagin is best known for his ever popular book Starik Hottabych (Старик Хоттабыч Old Man Hottabych 1937) a fairy tale telling the story of a genie who is freed from captivity by a Soviet schoolboy.
 Osunlade (/oʊsʉnˈlɑːdeɪ/; born March 13 1969) is an American-born musician and music producer.
 Thomas Williams (November 15 1926 – October 23 1990) was an American novelist.He won one U.S. National Book Award for Fiction—The Hair of Harold Roux split the 1975 award with Robert Stone's Dog Soldiers—and his last published novel Moon Pinnace (1986) was a finalist for the National Book Critics Circle Award.
 Christine Kittrell (August 11 1929 – December 19 2001) was an American R&B singer who first recorded tracks in 1951 with Louis Brooks and his Band.Kittrell was born in Nashville Tennessee United States and made her professional debut as a singer with Louis Brooks and his Band in 1945. She also toured with Joe Turner's band.
 Kristian Merrill Bush (born March 14 1970 in Knoxville Tennessee) is an American singer songwriter producer and multi-instrumentalist. He is best known for being one half of the country music duo Sugarland.
 Maria Anna Barbara or Babette Ployer (2 September 1765–before April 1811) was an Austrian piano and composition pupil of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart for whom he wrote two piano concertos in 1784 No. 14 KV. 449 and No. 17 KV. 453 which were both premiered at her residence by her in 1784.She was born on 2 September 1765 in Sarmingstein Austria and died before April 1811 in Bresane Croatia. She was the daughter of Franz Kajetan Ployer a timber-merchant and tax collector.
 Virgilia Kaur Pruthi (formerly Singh) is a first generation Indian-American entrepreneur community builder and author. She is the founder of a Network of Women and the Author of An Immigrant's Guide To Making It In America.She has worked in product management for tech companies and consulted for Fortune 100 companies in the U.S. Latin America Middle East and India on go-to-market strategies geographic expansion and M&A.
 Laura Carter is a multi-instrumentalist musician from Athens Georgia. She is able to play the clarinet keyboard percussion violin guitar and french horn. She is most notably in the indie rock band Elf Power but has performed with a number of bands within the Elephant Six Collective such as Nana Grizol The Gerbils Neutral Milk Hotel and Dixie Blood Moustache. She was also a founder of the Orange Twin Conservation Community as well as Orange Twin Records.
 J. Blackfoot (born John Colbert November 20 1946 – November 30 2011) was an American soul singer who was a member of The Soul Children in the late 1960s and 1970s and subsequently had a moderately successful solo career. His biggest hit was Taxi which reached the charts in both the US and UK in 1984.
 Robert Andrew Loughnan (1 September 1841–14 September 1934) was a New Zealand farmer journalist and politician. He was born in Patna India on 1 September 1841. He was a Member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 6 May 1907 (he was originally summoned on 22 January 1907 but was found to be disqualified) until 5 May 1914 which was the end of his seven-year term.
 May Ziade (née Marie with Ziade also written Ziadé Ziyada or Ziadeh) (Arabic: مي زيادة‎) (February 11 1886. – 1941) was a prolific Christian Lebanese-Palestinian poet essayist and translator.A writer for the Arabic newspapers and periodicals Ziade also wrote a number of poems and books. She was a key figure of the Nahda in the early 20th-century Arab literary scene and is known for being an early Palestinian feminist and a pioneer of Oriental feminism.
 E.H. (Eric Herbert) Warmington (1898–1987) was a professor of classics internationally known for his Latin translations. He attended The Perse School Cambridge.He produced numerous works often with other scholars over many decades of the twentieth century. He also edited other translations including the Greek-English translation of Aelian's On the Characteristics of Animals.
 Ronald Chernow (born March 3 1949) is an American writer journalist historian and biographer. He has written bestselling and award-winning biographies of historical figures from the world of business finance and American politics. Historian Andrew Cayton says Chernow is no ordinary writer. Like his popular biographies of John D. Rockefeller and Alexander Hamilton his Washington while long is vivid and well paced.
 Lou Gare (born 16 June 1939) is an English free-jazz saxophonist born in Rugby Warwickshire perhaps best known for his works with the improvised music ensemble AMM and playing with musicians such as Eddie Prévost Mike Westbrook Cornelius Cardew Keith Rowe and Sam Richards. As a member of Synchronicity (Richards David Stanley Sarah Frances) from the 1990s through to 2002 he played throughout the Southwest and toured the Czech Republic.
 Yuya Yagira (柳楽 優弥 Yagira Yūya born March 26 1990) is a Japanese actor. His portrayal of 12-year-old Akira in the highly acclaimed Nobody Knows won him a Best Actor Award at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Reverend James Wood was the editor of The Nuttall Encyclopaedia. According to the title page of the encyclopedia Wood was also the editor of Nuttall's Standard Dictionary and the compiler of The Nuttall Dictionary of Quotations.
 Israel Davidson (1870 Jonava Lithuania - 1939 Great Neck New York) was an American Jewish writer and publisher and has been recognized as one of the leading American Hebrew writers in his era. His magnum opus was the four volume Otsar ha-shirah veha-piyut = Thesaurus of Mediaeval Hebrew Poetry (NY 1924–1933).Davidson studied in yeshivas in Jonava Volozhin and Slobodka. In 1898 he emigrated to New York worked at a few occupations before earning a Ph.D from Columbia University.
 Leslie Les Dixon (1910 - 2002) was an Australian cartoonist and commercial artist.Dixon was born Leslie Charles Brailey in Sydney New South Wales on 25 July 1910 and adopted by Charles and Lillian Dixon when he was only six months old. He attended primary schools in the Sydney suburbs of Drummoyne and Balmain before moving to Corbargo in 1918 with his family on a venure of stripping wattle bark trapping rabbits and share dairy farming.
 Steven B. Jepson is an American opera singer a baritone. In addition to his work in opera he has appeared in musical theater and film. He is best known for his interpretation of Escamillo in Carmen a role he has played with several companies in the United States and Europe. He was nominated by both Creative Loafing Magazine and the Metrolina Theatre Association as best actor for his portrayal of Emile De Becque in South Pacific.
 Paloma McLardy (née Paloma Romero born 3 January 1955) better known as Palmolive is a Spanish-born drummer and songwriter who was the original drummer for influential punk groups The Slits and The Raincoats.
 Himesh Reshammiya (born 23 July 1973) is an Indian music director singer actor television producer lyricist film producer script writer and distributor.
 Dieter Acker (3 November 1940 Sibiu Romania – 27 May 2006 Munich) was a German composer.
 George Scott III (October 16 1953 - August 5 1980) was a bass player for several New York City bands during the No Wave era. He was a founding member of 8-Eyed Spy and the Raybeats and he worked with James Chance and the Contortions James White and the Blacks Human Switchboard and John Cale among others.
 Lynne Cohen (born July 3 1944 ) is an American-Canadian photographer.Born in Racine Wisconsin Cohen was educated in printmaking and sculpture at the University of Wisconsin Madison Wisconsin and in Ann Arbor and Eastern Michigan University Ypsilanti Michigan.
 Santiago Villafania is a bilingual Filipino poet who writes in English and in his native language of Pangasinan. Born in Tuliao Sta. Barbara Pangasinan on 31 January 1971 Villafania graduated with a degree of Bachelor of Arts in English from the University of Pangasinan in 1991.Villafania advocates for the resurgence of Pangasinan as a literary language.
 David Bisbal Ferré (born in Almería Spain on June 5 1979) is a Grammy-winning Spanish pop singer. He gained his initial fame as a runner up on the interactive reality television show Operación Triunfo.He has since released four studio albums all of which topped the Spanish Albums Chart in addition to recording a number of live albums.
 Seika Kuze (久世 星佳 Kuze Seika born 1965) is a Japanese actress.
 Jack Grisham (born 1961) is a rock musician raconteur and political activist from Southern California. He is the vocalist for the punk band T.S.O.L. (True Sounds of Liberty) which emerged from the late 1970s Los Angeles hardcore punk rock scene along with Black Flag Circle Jerks and Bad Religion. Grisham has also fronted the bands Vicious Circle The Joykiller Tender Fury and Cathedral of Tears. He currently records with T.S.O.L. and the Manic Low
 Robert Wade (born 1930) is an Australian artist.He lectures on the heritage of Australian watercolour to many art societies around the world earning himself the title of Australia's Unofficial Ambassador of Watercolour
 Willie Jae (born September 2 1986) is an American singer-songwriter and entrepreneur from Newark New Jersey. Jae is most known in the hip hop community for being the first artist of any genre to accumulate both 1 million song plays and 1 million downloads in 2001. Riding on the success of his Mixtape he began ghostwriting several rap and R&B records for major acts.
 Chris McLernon is the current bassist of the band Saigon Kick.
 Sam Taylor (born 1970) is an author and former pop culture correspondent for The Observer. His first book The Republic of Trees was published in 2005 and received critical acclaim. His second novel The Amnesiac tells the story of James Purdew a man obsessed with uncovering the events of three years of his life about which he remembers nothing. Taylor lives in France and the US.
 François Feldman (born 23 May 1958) is a French singer. He had a great success in the 1980s and the 1990s in France.
 Timi Zhuo Yi-Ting (卓依婷) (October 2 1981 in Hsinchuang) is a Taiwanese singer songwriter and actress. She has recorded numerous albums and songs in Mandarin and Taiwanese. She began her career at age five acting in TV commercials and advertisements and released her first Hokkien album at the age of six.
 Joan Soriano is a bachata singer and guitarist from Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic. His style is a blend of modern with traditional bachata. Since the 1980s Joan's guitar and arrangements have graced many hit bachatas by other artists and since 2008 he has begun to make a name for himself internationally.
 Giulio Julyo D'agostino (born in Genoa Italy on December 14 1978) is an Italian guitarist songwriter producer and DJ of Italian origin who has several International Awards for his film scoring work. After starting his career as a session player for US Christian pop songwriter Steven Stewart Julyo recorded and toured in Europe US and Japan from 2003 to 2006.
 Ambarish Srivastava (Hindi: अम्बरीष श्रीवास्तव; born 30 June 1965) is an Indian architectural engineer.
 Monte Yoho (born March 26 1952) is an American southern rock and country musician. He is best known as being a member of Outlaws and Blackhawk.
 Knute Heldner (1875 – November 5 1952) was a Swedish American artist.
 Jan Boerstoel (born 3 November 1944 The Hague) is a Dutch writer and poet who is perhaps best known for his song texts especially for cabaret. He lives in Amsterdam. His poetry is melancholy but often humorous as well. In his songs Boerstoel frequently criticizes society.
 Charles Strouse (born June 7 1928) is an American composer and lyricist.
 Joyce Lee is an English writer and performer. Lee studied English at UCL and co-wrote After the Flood performed at the Old Vic (2009 Old Vic New Voices).
 Aubrey Mather (17 December 1885 – 16 January 1958) was an English character actor.Mather was born in Minchinhampton Gloucestershire and began his career on the stage in 1905. He debuted in London in Brewster's Millions in 1909 and on Broadway ten years later in Luck of the Navy. He eventually branched out to films starting with Young Woodley in 1930. He often played butlers. In the 1932 film The Impassive Footman he played the eponymous footman. He died in London aged 82.
 Bernadette Corporation is a New York and Paris France- based art and fashion collective founded in 1994. Core members include Bernadette van Huy John Kelsey and Antek Walzcak. Bernadette Corporation is known for its performance fashion and art which in varying ways emulates and disturbs corporations. Influences from fashion to film include Vivienne Westwood Malcolm McLaren and Jean-Luc Godard. The group is often described in terms of the Situationist movement.
 Frederick Landseer Maur Griggs RA RE (30 October 1876 – 7 June 1938) was a distinguished English etcher architectural draughtsman illustrator and early conservationist associated with the late flowering of the Arts and Crafts movement in the Cotswolds. He was one of the first etchers to be elected to full membership of the Royal Academy.Born in Hitchin Hertfordshire he worked as an illustrator for the Highways and Byways series of regional guides for the publishers Macmillans.
 Barbara Korun (born 1963) is a Slovene poet. She is one of the leading figures in the generation of radical young women poets in Slovenia and her poems have also been translated into English and published in the USA and Ireland (translated by Theo Dorgan).Korun was born in Ljubljana in 1963. She studied Slovene language and Comparative literature at the University of Ljubljana and worked as a lecturer and dramaturge.
 Quetzal Guerrero is an American-born Latin soul singer.
 Kate Ryan (born Katrien Verbeeck on 22 July 1980) is a Belgian World Music Award winner. She began her singing career in 2001 and later found fame with a string of dance hits. These included covers mostly of Mylène Farmer and France Gall such as Désenchantée Libertine and Ella elle l'a as well as new material. Ryan represented Belgium in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 with Je t'adore coming in 12th place in the semi-final.
 Arnold Sjöstrand (30 June 1903 – 1 February 1955) was a Swedish actor and film director. He appeared in 33 films between 1931 and 1952.
 Jillette Johnson (born 1990) is an American singer-songwriter and musician from New York City. Johnson signed with Wind-up Records in 2012 and also works as a songwriter for BMI. Her debut album with Wind-up Water in a Whale was released on June 25 2013. Johnson has garnered comparisons to Fiona Apple and Adele.
 Marshall Lytle (September 1 1933 - May 25 2013) was an American rock and roll bassist best known for his work with the groups Bill Haley & His Comets and The Jodimars in the 1950s.
 Ferenc Joachim (May 21 1882 - September 16 1964) was a Hungarian (Magyar) painter of portraits and landscapes in oil watercolors and pastels on canvas board and paper. He studied and painted in Budapest and Western Europe. Hungarian usage puts the surname before the given name in the form Joachim Ferenc.
 Joseph Alexander Altsheler (April 29 1862 – June 5 1919) was an American newspaper reporter editor and author of popular juvenile historical fiction. His seven series comprise a total of thirty-two novels each containing an independent story. There are nineteen non-series novels. He also authored forty-four short stories and two non-fiction items.
 Eric M. Witchey is an American writer living in Salem Oregon. His short fiction has appeared in numerous print and online anthologies and magazines such as Polyphony The Best New Writing 2012 Low Port Short Story America Realms of Fantasy Space Squid Fortean Bureau Thug Lit ClarkesWorld Jim Baen's Universe and Writers of the Future.
 Kirstin Cronn-Mills is an American author of children's books including the Minnesota Book Award finalist The Sky Always Hears Me And the Hills Don’t Mind (2009) and the Lambda Literary Award finalist Beautiful Music for Ugly Children (2012).Cronn-Mills received a doctorate from Iowa State University and is currently a teacher in North Mankato Minnesota.
 Alan Reni John Wren (born 10 April 1964 in Manchester) is an English rock drummer and member of The Stone Roses.His laid-back style of complex off-beat rhythms was influential in bringing about the blend of indie and dance music which formed much of the Manchester (or Madchester) sound of the day. He is considered by many industry insiders to be the best drummer of his generation.During The Stone Roses he could be easily identified by the now iconic bucket hat.
 Wilfred P. Deac was a civilian government official attached to the US Embassy in Cambodia in 1971. During the 1960 to 1989 periods he was also stationed in Europe and the United States. Currently he has written Road to the Killing Fields published by the Texas A&M University Press 1997. He has also made many contributions to Vietnam Magazine Military History Magazine and other historical works. He currently works as a freelance writer.
 Robert Ballard (ca. 1572 or 1575 probably in Paris – after 1650) was a prominent French lutenist and composer. His father Robert Ballard Senior (ca.
 Thomas Carnduff writer was born on 30 January 1886 in Belfast and died in that city on 15 April 1956.
 Kaki King (b. Katherine Elizabeth King August 24 1979) is an American guitarist and composer. King is known for her percussive and jazz-tinged melodies energetic live shows use of multiple tunings on acoustic and lap steel guitar and her diverse range in different genres.In February 2006 Rolling Stone released a list of The New Guitar Gods on which King was the sole woman and youngest artist (beating Derek Trucks in age by two months as the youngest on the list).
 Jared Lincoln Cotter (born June 17 1981) is an American pop/R&B singer songwriter and model. He has hosted a number of TV shows and he co-wrote the number 1 song Down by Jay Sean.
 François-Joseph Fétis (French: [feti]; 25 March 1784 – 26 March 1871) was a Belgian musicologist composer critic and teacher. He was one of the most influential music critics of the 19th century and his enormous compilation of biographical data in the Biographie universelle des musiciens remains an important source of information today. His wife Adélaïde Robert was the daughter of the French politician Pierre-François-Joseph Robert.
 Shane Lynch (born Shane Eamon Mark Stephen Lynch; 3 July 1976) is an Irish singer-songwriter actor and professional drift driver best known as a member of Boyzone. In recent years he has taken up auto racing participated in reality shows and appeared as a judge on The All Ireland Talent Show.
 Charles Arthur Charlie Feathers (June 12 1932 – August 29 1998) was an American country music and rockabilly musician.
 Masaki Tsuji (辻 真先 Tsuji Masaki born March 23 1932 in Nagoya) is a Japanese scenario writer of TV series (including many anime works) and films as well as mystery fiction novels. Tsuji was most active in the business from the 1960s through the 1980s and worked as a script writer on many popular anime TV series for Mushi Production Toei Animation and Tokyo Movie Shinsha.
 This article is about the Russian/Soviet writer and academician. For other notable people named Sergeyev see Sergeyev (disambiguation).Sergei Nikolayevich Sergeyev-Tsensky (Russian: Серге́й Николаевич Сергеев-Ценский September 30 [O.S. September 18] 1875 – August 25 1958) was a prolific Russian and Soviet writer and academician.
 Sonny Corey Uwaezuoke (born March 5 1991) better known by his stage name Sonny Digital is an American record producer and rapper from Atlanta Georgia who rose to prominence after producing YC's hit single Racks in 2011.
 Giuseppe Caletti or Calletti(c. 1600 - c. 1660) was an Italian painter and engraver of the Baroque period active in Ferrara and Cremona. He often painted religious themes in a genre like dress and surroundings including the theme of Bacchanalia like Titian.
 Antero Manninen (born 19 January 1973) also known as Mr. Cool is a session musician and former band member of Finnish Cello metal quartet Apocalyptica. He was an official member but did not write the music and left in 1999 due to prior commitments although he has come back to help the band several years ago.
 Claude Dhotel (born 21 December 1946 in Paris France; died 14 March 2000 of cancer) better known by his stage name C. Jérôme was a French singer that had a musical career of three decades and sold 26 million records and was particularly popular in the 1970s.In 1995 C. Jérôme became a radio announcer at Radio Monte Carlo where he presented a daily morning show entitled Les Années tubes with Claire Cardell. In 1996 he moved to TF1 for a daily oldies show La Chanson trésor.
 Reef The Lost Cauze (born Sharif T. Lacey in 1981) is a prominent underground hip hop artist based in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.
 Eri Nobuchika (信近エリ Nobuchika Eri born Nobuchika Eriko 信近えり子 on August 3 1985) is a Japanese singer-songwriter under the Fearless Records label on Sony Music Associated Records. She currently resides in Tokyo.
 Thao Nguyen (born c.1984) also known as Thao is an American singer-songwriter originally from Virginia and now based in San Francisco. She is a member of the band Thao & The Get Down Stay Down with whom she has collaborated with Joanna Newsom and Andrew Bird. Outside of the band she has collaborated on projects with several artists including Merrill Garbus The Portland Cello Project and Mirah. Her music is influenced by folk country and hip hop.
 Ahmet Şâhin (also spelled Ahmed Shahin) is a Turkish author.
 Renford Rennie Cogle (born 20 June 1948) is a singer and songwriter whose career spans more than three decades and about as many continents. His musical career started in 1972 when his friend the late Delroy Smooth Operator Wilson listened to his music and recorded You Keep On Running. This was to be the first of many number one hits written by Cogle.
 Louis Gibzen (born Louis Gibson Hurndall) is a British Gold-selling hip-hop/electro producer of Barbadian descent. He was raised in Middleton Manchester and is known as a promising upcoming producer throughout the UK. He produced the record Stay with Me for Ironik's debut album.The record hit #5 on the UK charts whilst Gibzen was just 16.
 Peter Behrens (born 4 September 1947 in Sande Lower Saxony) is a German drummer actor musician and clown.
 Juju (ジュジュ) (stylized as JUJU) (born February 14 1976) is a Japanese jazz singer. She is represented by Sony Music Associated Records Inc.
 Hitomi Kobayashi (小林ひとみ Kobayashi Hitomi) is an important early Japanese AV idol. One of the founding figures of the Japanese adult video she has been called indispensable to any discussion of the AV.
 Morten Gunnar Larsen (born 1 October 1955 in Oslo Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (piano) and composer well known for several stride piano recordings and collaborations.
 Steen1 (real name Seppo Lampela) (born 1976 in Helsinki Finland) is a Finnish rap musician. He originally chose the name Steen Christensen after the Danish criminal who shot two Finnish policemen in 1997 as his moniker but changed it due to controversy.In 2004 Steen1 released his debut album entitled Salaliittoteoria (Conspiracy Theory). In September 2005 his second full-length Varasta pomolta (Steal from the Boss) was released.
 Aleksandar Srnec (30 July 1924 – 27 March 2010) was a Croatian artist. He is mainly known for his avant-garde designs and kinetic and lumino kinetic art.Srnec was one of the founding members of the Exat 51 group whose active members between 1950 and 1956 were the architects Vjenceslav Richter Bernardo Bernardi Zdravko Bregovac Božidar Rašica and Vladimir Zaharović and the painters Vlado Kristl and Ivan Picelj. He made abstract art based on the use of geometric shapes.
 Agathe Max is a French violinist based in Lyon mainly active in the experimental music scene.Agathe Max plays electric violin combined with electronics stomp boxes and a loop station.
 Felix A. Pappalardi Jr. (December 30 1939 – April 17 1983) was an American music producer songwriter vocalist and bass guitarist.
 Stephen William Mallinder (born 1 January 1955 Sheffield England) is a British singer/musician who was a founding member of Cabaret Voltaire Sassi and Loco the Ku-Ling Bros and Hey Rube!. While in Cabaret Voltaire he contributed lead vocals bass and occasional keyboards.
 Outi Alanne (born 4 May 1967 in Oulu) is a Finnish writer also known by the pseudonym NeitiNaru.In 1995 Alanne started studying literature art history Finnish language and theatre in the University of Helsinki. As a student she also worked as an intern archiver at the Finnish Literature Society.
 Anastasia Ryabova (born in Moscow in 1985) is a contemporary artist who won the 2011 Kandinsky Prize in media projects for her work Artists' Private Collections a virtual museum of contemporary art based on artists' private collections. She is known for works that play linguistic games. She was also the Soratnik awards laureate for 2011.She holds a Master of Philosophy from the National Research University Higher School of Economics.
 Michael J. Mike Bullen (born 13 January 1960) is an English screenwriter. Bullen grew up in the West Midlands of England attending the Solihull School and later Magdalene College Cambridge. He left with a degree in history of art and became a radio producer for the BBC World Service. Unhappy with the quality of British television targeted at people his age Bullen took a course in screenwriting and developed a one-off comedy drama for Granada Television.
 Hung Yan-yan also known as Xiong Xinxin is a Hong Kong martial artist actor stuntman and action director originally from Liuzhou Guangxi China. He was the stunt double for martial arts superstar Jet Li.
 Dana Bourgeois is a luthier who heads a small guitar shop Pantheon Guitars in Lewiston Maine.He makes traditionally styled acoustic guitars used in bluegrass and other acoustic music genres.His customers include Ricky Skaggs Skip Cherryholmes Ry Cooder Vince Gill Bryan Sutton Lee Roy Parnell James Taylor Doc Watson Rick Schmidlin and Guy Clark. [1]
 Marcos Witt (born May 19 1962) is an American five-time Latin Grammy Award-winning Christian singer composer and pastor.
 Ann Elder (born Anna Velders September 21 1942 in Cleveland Ohio) is an American Emmy Award-winning screenwriter. She won Emmy awards also for comedy writing (co-shared for Lily Tomlin's 1974 CBS special among others). She also wrote for Mama's Family as well. Elder appeared several times on The Match Game during its run in the 1970s as well as being a regular on Laugh In in the early 1970s.
 Donovan Woods is a Canadian singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.Born and raised in Sarnia Ontario Woods began playing guitar and writing songs as a teenager. His first album The Hold Up was released in 2007. Woods' song Brand New Gun was featured in the movie Numb starring Matthew Perry. His song Wait and See was featured on Degrassi: The Next Generation and his song My Cousin Has a Grey Cup Ring was used in commercials for the Grey Cup.
 Yui Makino (牧野由依 Makino Yui) is a Japanese voice actress actress singer and pianist. She is best known for her work in the anime Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle and Aria. She can speak basic English.[citation needed] She also participated voicing the character Sister in a short-anime movie Bavel no Hon when she was 10 as a child actor.Because of her signature childish and girlish voice she often voices cheerful innocent sweet girls. But she also tends to voice kuudere girls.
 William Erwin Will Eisner (March 6 1917 – January 3 2005) was an American cartoonist writer and entrepreneur. He was one of the earliest cartoonists to work in the American comic book industry and his series The Spirit (1940–1952) was noted for its experiments in content and form. In 1978 he popularized the term graphic novel with the publication of his book A Contract with God. He was an early contributor to formal comics studies with his book Comics and Sequential Art (1985).
 Ariel Olivetti (born November 15 1967 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine comic book penciller best known for his work on American comic book titles such as Daredevil X-Man Space Ghost and Punisher War Journal.
 Solal (real name Laurent Morhain) born on September 29 1963 in Lorient is a French singer known for his roles in musical theatre.
 Paul Scott sometimes known as Paul von Scott is a British comics writer and games designer who is very active in the British small press comics scene.
 Weird Paul Petroskey (born November 21 1970) is a lo-fi musician in the Pittsburgh Pennsylvania area. He has been writing and recording music since 1984 and has written or co-written over 700 songs and appeared on over 50 released albums.
 Hubert C. Kueter (born 1930) is the author of the book My Tainted Blood which chronicles his childhood in WWII era Germany. He is also a professor emeritus at Colby College.The book My Tainted Blood has been described as being written in the style of magic realism. It follows the author's adventures and exploits as a boy and teenager in wartime Breslau and postwar Germany.
 Jim Aikin (born in 1948 as James Douglas Aikin) is an American science fiction writer based in Livermore California. He is also a music technology writer an interactive fiction writer freelance editor and writer cellist and teacher. He frequently writes articles for various music industry magazines including Electronic Musician Keyboard Magazine and Mix.Aikin sold his first fiction story to Fantasy & Science Fiction where it appeared in the February 1981 issue.
 Ohno Bakufu (Japanese: 大野麦風 1888–1976) was a Japanese painter and printmaker.He was born in Tokyo Japan. Over his lifetime he created over seventy designs. His best known piece is the Japanese Fish Picture Collection (Dai Nihon gyorui gashu). Although this is his most famous piece of work he also created many landscapes and a few still lives. After 1923 Great Kantō earthquake he moved to Kansai.
 Hiromitsu Agatsuma (上妻 宏光 Agatsuma Hiromitsu born July 27 1973) is a Japanese shamisen artist who plays the Tsugaru-jamisen a larger shamisen with thicker strings than those used for most other styles.He was born in Hitachi Ibaraki Prefecture.
 Matthew Walter Matt Wachter (born January 5 1976) is the bassist keyboardist and the backing vocalist in the rock band Angels & Airwaves. He was the former bassist for alternative rock group Thirty Seconds to Mars from 2001 to 2007. He joined Angels & Airwaves in April 2007 replacing the band's former bassist Ryan Sinn.
 Mark Alan Stamaty is an American cartoonist and children's book writer and illustrator. During the 1980s and 1990s Stamaty's work appeared regularly in the Village Voice. He is the creator of the long-running comic strip Washingtoon as well as the earlier comic strip MacDoodle Street and the online strip Doodlennium for Slate magazine He is also a spot illustrator for Slate.
 Elsten Creole Torres (born February 10 1965) in Havana Cuba as Listoriel Leyva Torres is a singer/songwriter/producer. He grew up in New York City with his mother and older brother leaving his father in Cuba as a political prisoner.
 Naim Frashëri (25 May 1846 – 20 October 1900) was an Albanian poet and writer. He was one of the most prominent figures of the Albanian National Awakening (Albanian: Rilindja Kombëtare) of the 19th century together with his two brothers Sami and Abdyl. He is widely regarded as the national poet of Albania.
 Mercy Harbison (birth and death dates unknown) was a young American woman living in the decades immediately following the Revolutionary War who was captured by Native Americans in May 1792. She escaped after six days and gave a short deposition Capture and Escape of Mercy Harbison 1792 which is an example of the American literary genre of captivity narratives.In November 1791 Harbison lived in western Pennsylvania on the Allegheny River above Pittsburgh with three small children.
 Norman Dennis (16 August 1929 – 13 November 2010) was a British sociologist.Born one of four sons to a tram driver Dennis was educated at Bede Collegiate Boy's School and was offered a place at Corpus Christi Oxford but declined it in favour of London School of Economics where he achieved a first in economics. He held posts at Leeds Bristol and Birmingham before finally holding a long-term post at Newcastle.
 Jacquelyn Ford Morie is an artist scientist and educator working in the areas of immersive worlds games and social networks. Until 2013 she was a Senior Research Scientist at the Institute for Creative Technologies. In 2013 she started a spin off company called All These Worlds LLC (www.alltheseworldsllc.com) to take her work in virtual worlds and avatars to a broader audience.Morie was formally trained as an artist and medical illustrator but ultimately decided to pursue fine art.
 Mi Ridell (Mi Ingrid Marie Pettersson) was born on 3 June 1968 in Karlskrona Sweden is a Swedish actor and singer.Ridell was a contestant in Let's Dance 2008 but was voted off the show.
 Vijendra S Vij is a self-taught artist in the realm of modern abstract art in the Indian tradition. Born in 1975 at Fatehpur U.P. he is a self-taught artist working independently. Master in Graphic Design & Multimedia he has held two solo shows at Bihar & Allahabad in 2000 and 2010.
 Michael John David Mike Westbrook (born 21 March 1936 in High Wycombe) is an English jazz pianist composer and writer of orchestrated jazz pieces.
 André Stitt (born 1958 in Belfast Northern Ireland) is an artist currently based in Cardiff Wales where he is a Professor of Fine Art at the Cardiff School of Art & Design.
 John Ney Rieber is an American comic book writer. He has been writing for the comics The Books of Magic Captain America G.I. Joe and Tomb Raider.
 Friedrich Preller the Elder (25 April 1804 Eisenach - 23 April 1878 Weimar) was a German landscape painter and etcher. From 1832 he was a professor at the Fürstlichen freien Zeichenschule in Weimar. He was the father of the artist Friedrich Preller the Younger.
 Jorge Semprún Maura (Spanish: [ˈxorxe semˈpɾun]; 10 December 1923 – 7 June 2011) was a Spanish writer and politician who lived in France most of his life and wrote primarily in French. From 1953 to 1962 during the era of Francisco Franco Semprún lived clandestinely in Spain working as an organizer for the exiled Communist Party of Spain but was expelled from the party in 1964.
 Uttam Singh (born 25 May 1948) is an Indian musician. He has worked as a violinist music arranger and music director for many Bollywood films. He worked as a music arranger for Ilaiyaraaja in numerous Tamil films before establishing himself as an independent composer.
 Allan Francis Smethurst (19 November 1927 – 24 December 2000) aka The Singing Postman was an English folk singer and postman. He is best known for his self-penned novelty song Hev Yew Gotta Loight Boy? which earned him an Ivor Novello Award in 1966 and A Miss from Diss.
 John Kay (born April 5 1958 in Bury Lancashire) is a British poet and teacher who is currently living in Bournemouth Dorset.
 Rasun Jahmal Dinoto better known by his stage name Rasun is an American Reggae singer from the Bay Area California.
 Sir Horatio Gilbert George Parker 1st Baronet PC ( 23 November 1862 – 6 September 1932) known as Gilbert Parker Canadian novelist and British politician was born at Camden East Addington Ontario the son of Captain J. Parker R.A.
 Eric Swiss is a pornographic actor. In 2010 his role in Not Married With Children XXX earned him the AVN Award for Best Actor and the XRCO Award for Single Performance Actor.
 William Collins (25 December 1721 – 12 June 1759) was an English poet. Second in influence only to Thomas Gray he was an important poet of the middle decades of the 18th century. His lyrical odes mark a turn away from the Augustan poetry of Alexander Pope's generation and towards the Romantic era which would soon follow.
 Heinrich Spiess (born in Munich May 10 1832; died there August 8 1875) was a German painter.
 Brandon Wong (Chinese: 黄炯耀; pinyin: Huáng Jiǒngyào born on 16 September 1971) is a Malaysian actor based in Singapore.
 Walter Harris (born 1925) is a British author and broadcaster. He is the author of 9 published novels several volumes of poetry numerous articles and spoken word recordings. Recordings of his interviews and broadcasts are held at the BBC Sound Archive and the British Library.
 James J. Crist Ph.D. CSAC is a psychologist and a certified substance abuse counselor in Woodbridge Virginia. He is the author of a number of self-help books for children and teenagers. Dr. Crist is also an adjunct faculty member at Argosy University where he teaches courses in counseling and psychotherapy to graduate students. Born in Rochester New York he attended Williams College as an undergraduate and earned his doctoral degree at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
 Rene Rancourt (born August 4 1939) is an American singer. Rancourt has sung the U.S. and Canadian national anthems at the National Hockey League's Boston Bruins home hockey games for over 35 years.
 Henri Marie Joseph Mallard Australian Photographer (1884–1967)Born in Balmain (Sydney Australia) of French parents he came to photography via the industry. Using his French connections and accent (which was strong owing to his home education) he secured a position in 1900 with Harrington (later Kodak Pty Ltd) as a sales representative to the French consulate. He remained with the company becoming general manager until 1952.
 Anna Polina (born 11 September 1989 in Saint Petersburg Russian SFSR Soviet Union) is a Russian-born French pornographic actress and model.
 Ed Harcourt (born Edward Henry Richard Harcourt-Smith on 14 August 1977 in Wimbledon London England) is an English singer-songwriter. To date he has released six studio albums two EPs and thirteen singles. His debut album Here Be Monsters was nominated for the 2001 Mercury Prize. His music is influenced by Tom Waits Nick Cave and Jeff Buckley among others.
 Isaac Delahaye (born 9 January 1982) is the lead guitarist for symphonic metal band Epica. Prior to that he was lead guitarist in the Dutch death metal band God Dethroned. Delahaye replaced former guitarist Jens van der Valk in God Dethroned after van der Valk left in 2004. He joined the band after a request from drummer and longtime friend Ariën van Weesenbeek and after several meetings with van Weesenbeek and Henri Sattler Delahaye was welcomed into the band on 29 June 2004.
 Azhar Levi Sianturi is an Indonesian musician and mechanical engineer. He is mainly known in the music scene as the former bassist for avant-garde/progressive metal band Kekal. He also has his own grindcore project called Mournphagy. His professional occupation is a mechanical engineer where he makes a living from and he is also known lately as an avid coffee enthusiast and runs his own coffee roasterie and brewing shop in Jakarta called Orkidé Coffee.
 Jole Hughes (born December 17 1981) better known by his stage name S3RL (pronounced Serrl) is an Australian UK hardcore DJ record producer and musician from Brisbane Queensland.
 Simone Pignoni (April 17 1611 – December 16 1698) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period. He apprenticed with Fabrizio Boschi then with the more academic and puritanical Domenico Passignano and finally with Francesco Furini. He is best known for painting in a style reminiscent of the morbidly sensual Furini. Reflective of this obsession is his self-portrait c. 1650 in which he depicts himself building up a plump naked female from a skeleton.
 Tony Ameneiro (born 1959 London UK) is an Australian contemporary visual artist whose work focuses around his drawing and printmaking practice.
 Alex Chu (born 추헌곤 Chu Hun-gon September 2 1979) known simply as Alex (알렉스) is a Korean-Canadian singer and actor. He is the male vocalist of South Korean electropop band Clazziquai.
 Alana Evans (born July 6 1976 in Fort Campbell Kentucky) is an American pornographic actress. She is sometimes credited as Jenna Talia (a pun on genitalia—she hated the alias so much that she changed back to Alana Evans after two films).
 Yū Sugimoto (杉本 ゆう Sugimoto Yū born 29 January 1975 in Suita Osaka Japan) is a Japanese voice actress.
 Issei Noro (野呂一生 Noro Issei born January 1 1957 in Japan) is a Japanese jazz fusion guitarist who is one of the founding members and the main composer of the band Casiopea. He has released 6 solo albums and a compilation. He also works as an instructor of a guitar clinic and as a producer.
 Joy Eden Harrison (born 4 September 1962) is an American singer songwriter and musician. She has released three critically acclaimed CDs the late 1990s Angel Town the 2002 Unspoken and most recently 2006's Blue Venus. She won Best Jazz Artist in The 2002 Independent Music Awards for Unspoken selected by judges Tom Waits Arturo Sandoval and Don Byron.Harrison has two original songs in Hollywood films. The Love Beneath Your Lies is in the film Curtain Call.
 Anneli Marian Drecker (born 12 February 1969 in Tromsø Norway) is a Norwegian singer and actress from the city of Tromsø. She is the vocalist for the seminal dream pop band Bel Canto. In the fall of 2006 Bel Canto celebrated the twentieth anniversary of the first album with several concerts.
 Bob Kane (born Robert Kahn; October 24 1915 – November 3 1998) was an American comic book artist and writer credited along with Bill Finger as the creator of the DC Comics superhero Batman. He was inducted into the comic-book industry's Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1994 and into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 1996.
 Abraham Abe Laboriel Jr. (born March 23 1971) is an American session drummer. He is the son of Mexican bass guitarist Abraham Laboriel Sr. and brother of record producer songwriter and film composer Mateo Laboriel. He has been the drummer for famed rock musician Paul McCartney as well as the French singer Mylène Farmer among others.
 Eric Ratz is a Juno Award winning producer-engineer with over 20 years of experience. Ratz received his first break in the music business in his early 20s when he was awarded the Chief Engineer position at Phase One Studios in Toronto. Ratz has worked with many of the Canadian music industry's most successful and influential punk and rock artists/bands including Billy Talent Big Wreck Monster Truck Comeback Kid Big Sugar Danko Jones and Cancer Bats.
 Achmed Adolf Wolfgang Khammas (born March 23 1952) is a German author translator and interpreter. He is most popular for being one of the very few authors to write about Islam and science fiction in the Arabic language. Khammas is also active in the field of sustainable energy.
 Janelle Lynch is a large-format (8x10) photographic artist and writer based in New York City whose work has been widely exhibited and published. She teaches at the International Center of Photography and was the 2013 Artist-in-Residence at the Burchfield Penney Art Center Buffalo NY.Barcelona Lynch’s second monograph was published by Radius Books in November 2013.
 Frances Leviston (born 1982) is a British poet.Born in Edinburgh Frances Leviston later moved to Sheffield. She studied at St Hilda's College in Oxford University where she read English. Leviston then began an MA in Creative Writing at Sheffield Hallam University. There she won their Ictus Prize in 2004 which led to the publication of her first pamphlet Lighter. She won an Eric Gregory Award for poets under 30 years of age in 2006.
 Jon Kenny (born 1957 Hospital County Limerick Ireland) lives in Lough Gur and is one half of the famous Irish comic duo d'Unbelievables with Pat Shortt. They were a very successful duo until 2000 releasing One Hell of a Video D'Unbelievables D'Video D'Telly D'Mother and D'collection but the group stopped touring after Kenny was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma. He has since made a successful recovery and still performs shows across Ireland.
 Surinder Sandhu is a sarangi player and composer. He is a student of Sabri Khan of the Senia Rampur Moradabad gharana.Sandhu composes in multiple genres.[citation needed] His compositions combine jazz western classical and Asian fusion music. Guests performers on Sandhu's albums include rock guitarist Steve Vai to saxophonist Andy Sheppard. His album The Fictionist features the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra guest musicians and The Surinder Sandhu Band.
 Esther Walker (October 18 1894 - July 26 1943) was an American musical comedy performer. She was born Esther Thomas in Pewee Valley Kentucky. Adopting the stage name of Esther Walker she appeared on Broadway at the Winter Garden Theatre in a 1919 production of Monte Cristo Jr. and later that year performed at the 44th Street Theatre in Hello Alexander.
 Maxi Jazz (born Maxwell Fraser on 14 June 1957 in Brixton London) is an English rapper. He is best known as the lead vocalist of British band Faithless. He is sometimes incorrectly referred to as 'Faithless' with a misconception existing that the band is actually a solo artist.
 Amy Chan Sau-man (陳秀雯) is a Hong Kong actress and Cantopop singer notable for starring in the File of Justice TV franchise in the 1990s. She is also the elder sister of actress Charine Chan (陳加玲).
 Hikmet Temel Akarsu (born 1960 in Gümüşhane Turkey) is a Turkish novelist short-story writer satirist and playwright.He moved to Istanbul with his family at the age of nine. After graduating from Istanbul Technical University with a degree in architecture he devoted himself to writing. Including essays articles critiques plays and scenarios he produced literal work in all fields.
 Alfred Ainger (9 February 1837 – 8 February 1904) was an English biographer and critic.
 Claude Izner is the pseudonym of two sisters Liliane Korb (born in 1940) and Laurence Lefèvre (born in 1951) both booksellers on the banks of the Seine in Paris who jointly write the popular Victor Legris series of crime novels. Legris is a bookseller in late 19th-century Paris who is also an amateur detective. The books were originally bestsellers in France and are now published in the UK by Gallic Books.
 Lippo d'Andrea di Lippo (1370/1371 - before 1451) was a Florentine painter formerly known as Pseudo-Ambrogio di Baldese.In 1411 Lippo d'Andrea di Lippo joined the Compagnia di San Luca. That same year he was commissioned along with Niccolò di Pietro Gerini Ambrogio di Baldese and Alvaro di Pietro to paint frescoes on the facade of the Palazzo del Ceppo in Prato.
 Gérard Lanvin (French pronunciation: ​[ʒeʁaːʁ lɑ̃vɛ̃]) (born June 21 1950) is a César Award-winning French actor. He quit his studies when he was 17 to become an actor. He took on a role in Vous n'aurez pas l'Alsace et la Lorraine in 1977 on an offer from actor Coluche. He received the Prix Jean Gabin in 1982 for his role in Une étrange affaire. In 1995 he won a César Award for Best Actor with Le Fils préféré. Other appearances include Une semaine de vacances and 3 zéros.
 Julius Ludwig Friedrich Runge (1843–1922) was a German landscape painter. Born in Röbel in northern Germany he studied under Hans Gude and Gustav Schönleber. He painted in Munich Karlsruhe Hamburg and Lindau. In the early 1880s he joined the Skagen Painters in the far north of Jutland together with his Swedish tutor Wilhelm von Gegerfelt and his French colleague Émile Barau.
 Jonathan Galkin is a former child actor who appeared on the Nickelodeon sitcom Hey Dude where he played Jake Decker as well as the short-lived preteen show Way Cool.He was born April 4 1972 in Providence Rhode Island and also lived in Shaker Heights Ohio & Highland Park Illinois. In February 1990 Galkin moved to Tucson Arizona where he filmed the Nickelodeon TV Show Hey Dude.
 Tomi Kalliola although generally recognised by his stage name Narqath was born in Finland on 11 October 1979. In 1995 he and drummer Kalma formed the Finnish black metal band Azaghal. Tomi has played guitar bass and keyboards as well as utilising vocals for Azaghal since formation to present. Besides Azaghal Kalliola has played in many black metal bands and bands of other genres some of which he plays all instruments for.
 Vince Hornsby (born October 22 1966) is the bassist for Alternative metal band Sevendust. He is known for his humorous demeanor and facial expressions during live shows. Hornsby wears his bass down to his hip and will occasionally bend over so that it is positioned next to his knees.Before the formation of Sevendust Hornsby was in the band Snake Nation along with Morgan Rose also of Sevendust.
 K. Raghavan Pillai (1920–1987) was a writer and scholar of Kerala India.[citation needed]He was born in November 1920 in Puliyur near Chengannur in Kottayam district. His parents were N. Sankara and Lakshmy Pillai.
 Shirley Kwan Kwan Suk’E or Kwan Suk Yee (simplified Chinese: 关淑怡; traditional Chinese: 關淑怡; pinyin: Guān Shúyí born 15 August 1966) is an influential Cantopop singer from Hong Kong. She first shot to fame in 1989 as a pop sensation with the hit Happy Are Those In Love (難得有情人) and was popular throughout the early to mid-90s.
 Dan Cragg (born September 6 1939 in Rochester NY) is an American soldier essayist and science-fiction author.
 Orsola Maddalena Caccia (1596 – 26 July 1676) was an Italian woman painter of the Baroque period. She was born the daughter of Guglielmo Caccia. Together with her sister Francesca they produced paintings for the monastery at Moncalvo. Oreóla died in 1678 and Francesca at the age of 57.
 Robert E Fuller (born 1972) is a British artist best known for his renditions of British fauna rendered faithfully in oils acrylic and bronze. The RSPCA and the National Trust are among his British customers. He also travels the world to study birds and animals in their natural habitat and his paintings sell internationally.
 Marcello Fogolino (active 1510–1548) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance or Mannerist style. Originally from San Vito in the Friuli he worked early in his life he worked in Vicenza under the painter Bartolomeo Montagna. He was also influenced by Giovanni Speranza and Pordenone.Returning to Friuli in 1520–21 he came to reflect the painterly style of Il Pordenone. He completed a painting of Saints Francis and John the Baptist with Prophet Daniel for the Duomo in Pordenone.
 Julia Shammas Holter is an American artist singer songwriter and composer based in Los Angeles. A CalArts graduate she released her first studio album Tragedy in 2011. A second album Ekstasis followed in 2012. Holter also collaborates with other musicians including Nite Jewel Linda Perhacs and Michael Pisaro. In 2013 she released her third album Loud City Song to resounding critical acclaim.
 John Moriarty (2 February 1938 – 1 June 2007) was an Irish writer and philosopher. A native of County Kerry he was educated in Listowel and at University College Dublin. In 1977 he returned to England from Canada where he had taught English literature at the University of Manitoba and became a live-in gardener in the Carmelite monastery at Boars Hill Oxford.Moriarty lived at the foot of Mangerton Mountain in northern County Kerry until his death. His online website was www.johnmoriarty.net.
 Gordon Meredith Lightfoot Jr. CC OOnt (born November 17 1938) is a Canadian singer-songwriter who achieved international success in folk folk-rock and country music and has been credited for helping define the folk-pop sound of the 1960s and 1970s. He has been referred to as Canada's greatest songwriter and internationally as a folk-rock legend.Lightfoot's songs including For Lovin' Me Early Morning Rain Steel Rail Blues Ribbon of Darkness—a number one hit on the U.S.
 Craig Powell (born 30 December 1984) is a British recording artist and former frontman of the British dance act Uniting Nations. After leaving the musical band in March 2006 he has had top 20 chart success all over Europe including United Kingdom Germany Poland Switzerland and France. He is also a keen martial arts sportsman in karate jujitsu kickboxing and his main love is MMA (Mixed Martial Arts).
 Milenko Stefanović (born 19 February 1930) is a Serbian classical and jazz clarinetist. He is a prizewinner in the international competitions in Moscow Munich Geneva and Prague soloist who has achieved significant international career long-time principal clarinetist of the Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra and Professor of Clarinet at the University of Priština and University of the Arts in Belgrade.
 Sunny Michaela Sweeney (born December 7 1976) is an American country music artist. She is signed to the Thirty Tigers label. She was formerly with the Republic Nashville label and Big Machine Records. Her debut album Heartbreaker's Hall of Fame was independently issued in 2006 and then regionally released in 2007. It produced three regional (Texas Oklahoma) singles in If I Could Ten Years Pass and East Texas Pines and these songs charted on the Texas Music Chart.
 Carlos Pintado (born 1974 in Cuba) is a Cuban–American poet and writer who immigrated to the United States in the early 90s. His book Autorretrato en azul received the Sant Jordi's International Prize for Poetry in Spain and El azar y los tesoros was one of the 12 finalists for Spain's Adonais Prize in 2008. He also contributed to The exile Experience: a journey to freedom coordinated by Cuban American music producer Emilio Estefan.
 Stephen Steve Durand (born in Cantley Quebec) is a Canadian rock musician most notable for his work with Tinker and his involvement with Melissa Auf der Maur.
 Attilio Gatti (born 1896) was an Italian explorer author and film-maker who travelled extensively through Africa in the first half of the 20th century. He is known in documentary circles for his film Siliva the Zulu (1927).Gatti was among the last great safari expedition men. He led ten expeditions to Africa over 23 years before 1945. He became one of the Europeans to see the fabled Okapi and the Bongo a brown Lyre horned antelope with white stripes.
 Christel Alsos Monsen (born 20 December 1984) is a Norwegian singer originating from Fauske. After graduation in 2003 she moved After high school with graduation in 2003 she moved to Gjøvik to study at Viken Folkehøgskole and study music. In 2004 she moved to Oslo appearing in on NRK Norwegian television Noen bedre with Tore Strømøy and soon after was offered a contract on Sony BMGNorwegian Broadcasting Corporation in 2004 she was discovered by record company Sony BMG.
 Jann Browne (born March 14 1954 in Anderson Indiana) is an American country singer. She moved to South California in 1978 where she performed in a number of Orange County country bars. From 1981 through 1983 before her solo career she was a vocalist with the Western swing group Asleep at the Wheel. She has recorded four studio albums and has charted three singles on the Hot Country Songs charts. Her highest single is the 1990s Tell Me Why at No. 18.
 William Vandyck is an actor writer and practising barrister.
 Anne Laughlin is a Chicago-based realtor and lesbian mystery author who grew up in Park Forest Illinois. She is the author of two novels Sometimes Quickly and Veritas as well as many published short stories. She was named an emerging writer by the Lambda Literary Foundation and was awarded a writing residency at Ragdale.She also wrote the game Murder at the Folkestone Inn[1] a game for the Adventure Game Toolkit.[2]
 Letícia Wierzchowski (born 1972) is a Brazilian novelist best known for her novels A Casa das Sete Mulheres (House of the Seven Women) and Uma Ponte para Terebin (A Bridge to Terebin). She has written fourteen other novels and children's books.
 Chris Davis is a British singer and guitarist in Nottingham based shoegaze band Spotlight Kid as well as a drummer with Six By Seven. Davis has also stood in on drums for Spiritualized in 2002 when Kev Bales fell ill.In 2009 Davis toured with Soulsavers and Mark Lanegan on the Depeche Mode European Tour.
 Björn Gelotte is a songwriter and guitarist for the Swedish band In Flames. He joined the band as the drummer in 1995 and continued his position as drummer during The Jester Race (1995) and Whoracle (1997).
 Peggy Evans (born January 10 1921) is a British actress. She trained at the Rank Organisation's charm school.
 Patti Austin (born August 10 1950) is an American R&B Pop and jazz singer. In 2008 she received the Grammy for Best Jazz Vocal album for Avant Gershwin recorded mostly live with The WDR Big Band in Germany.
 Besim Dina (born 6 July 1971) is an Albanian comedian actor writer producer and television host.
 Gary Wilson (born October 1953) is an experimental musician/performance artist best known for his 1977 album You Think You Really Know Me after which he promptly retired from recording and performing concerts. He slowly gained a strong cult following during the 1980s and 1990s and in the early 2000s became active again.
 Russell Russ Kunkel (September 1 1948) is an American drummer and producer who has worked as a session musician with many of well-known artists including Bob Dylan James Taylor Neil Young Stevie Nicks Carole King Jackson Browne and Linda Ronstadt. He is widely regarded as the top session drummer of the 1970s and early 1980s.Kunkel was born in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.
 Charles Le Brun (24 February 1619 – 22 February 1690) was a French painter and art theorist. Declared by Louis XIV the greatest French artist of all time he was a dominant figure in 17th-century French art and much influenced by Nicolas Poussin.
 Karel Pravoslav Sádlo (September 5 1898 Prague Bohemia – August 24 1971 Prague Czechoslovakia) was a Czech cellist and significant cello pedagogue.Between 1929–1961 he was the teacher of the majority of Czech cellists and tutored a large number of leading soloists and chamber music performers (e.g. Milos Sadlo Josef Chuchro František Smetana František Sláma Antonín Kohout).
 Hervé Vilard (born René Villard 24 July 1946 in Paris France) is a French pop–singer who first became famous in the 1960s. His first single Capri c'est fini became an international hit in 1965 and made him instantly famous. The song sold 3.3 million copies.His long national and international musical career as composer singer and stage performer spans four decades.
 Tony Mullins (born in Pound Virginia) is an American country music songwriter.Mullins moved to Nashville Tennessee in 1992 where he worked with Byron Gallimore's publishing company. Among his first cuts was Kenny Chesney's How Forever Feels which spent six weeks at No. 1 on the Hot Country Songs charts.
 Soedjarwoto Soemarsono (better known as Gombloh; July 14 1948 – January 9 1988) was an Indonesian singer and songwriter. He received the Nugraha Bhakti Musik Indonesia award from the Persatuan Artis Penyanyi Pencipta Lagu dan Penata Musik Rekaman Republik Indonesia.
 Anabela Braz Pires (born September 22 1976 in Almada) is a Portuguese singer and musical theatre actress best known in Portugal by her first name Anabela.Her career in music has spanned over two decades and she is well known for representing Portugal at the Eurovision Song Contest her work as a solo recording artist and her work in musical theatre collaborating with producer Filipe La Féria.
 José Basílio da Gama (April 10 1740 — July 31 1795) was a Portuguese poet and member of the Society of Jesus born in the colony of Brazil famous for the epic poem O Uraguai. He wrote under pen name Termindo Sipílio.He is patron of the 4th chair of the Brazilian Academy of Letters.
 Harold Danko (born June 13 1947 Ohio) is an American jazz pianist.Danko attended Youngstown State University. Among his credits are work in the big bands of Woody Herman and Thad Jones/Mel Lewis as well as smaller ensembles with Gerry Mulligan Chet Baker and Lee Konitz.
 Marie Calloway (born 1990) is an American author. Her first book what purpose did i serve in your life? was published by Tyrant Books and generated controversy. A portion of the volume recounts the author's romantic relationship with a married journalist Adrien Brody and is reportedly based on an actual relationship with a prominent American writer.
 Chron Smith (born October 1 1976) better known by his stage name Hell Razah is an American rapper. He is best known as a member of Sunz of Man an early affiliate group of the Wu-Tang Clan.Razah is rumored to have suffered a brain aneurysm in April 2010. He was quick to recover and continue recording. He came to adopt the moniker Heaven Razah.
 Mary Agnes Yerkes (August 9 1886 – November 8 1989) (pronounced Yer-keys) was an American Impressionist painter photographer and artisan. She was skilled in the mediums of oil pastel and watercolor. Her professional career was cut short by the Great Depression but she still continued to paint well into her nineties with a passion for her craft and nature.
 Jennifer Schuur is an American television writer and produced best known for her work on series such as Big Love and Hellcats. She is currently serving as a producer on the NBC psychological thriller Hannibal.
 Tae Hitoto (一青 妙 Hitoto Tae born September 24 1970 in Taipei Taiwan) is an actress. Her mother is Japanese and her father is Taiwanese. Yō Hitoto is her younger sister.
 Guillermo Cabrera Infante (Spanish pronunciation: [ɡiˈʎermo kaˈβɾeɾa imˈfante]; Gibara 22 April 1929 – 21 February 2005) was a Cuban novelist essayist translator screenwriter and critic; in the 1950s he used the pseudonym G. Caín.A one-time supporter of the Castro regime Cabrera Infante went into exile to London in 1965.
 Sybille Pearson (born January 25 1937 in Prague Czechoslovakia) is a playwright musical theatre lyricist and librettist.
 Robert Bly (born December 23 1926) is an American poet author activist and leader of the mythopoetic men's movement. His most commercially successful book to date was Iron John: A Book About Men (1990) a key text of the mythopoetic men's movement which spent 62 weeks on the The New York Times Best Seller list. He won the 1968 National Book Award for Poetry for his book The Light Around the Body.
 Lajos Markos (1917–1993) was a Hungarian American artist trained at the Royal Academy of Budapest. He came to the United States following World War II and worked as a portraitist in New York City painting such celebrities as John Wayne and Robert Kennedy The Royal Family of King Hassan II and Pablo Casals. In his lifetime Lajos Markos completed over 2000 portraits.[citation needed] In the 1960s he moved to Houston Texas where he expanded his interest to art of the American west.
 Leah Ray Hubbard Werblin (February 16 1915 – May 27 1999) was an American singer born in Norfolk Virginia who performed in the Big Band era and who sang and acted in more than a dozen motion pictures including the short film which was Bob Hope's movie debut Going Spanish (1934) and The Holy Terror (1937).While performing with the Phil Harris orchestra she met Music Corporation of America executive Sonny Werblin.
 Ernesto Levorati (Padua 1880-1920) was an Italian painter mainly of genre subjects set in period costumes of the earlier Venetian centuries.
 Edward Ou (Chinese: 歐定興; pinyin: ōu dìng xīng) was born on 16 October 1980 in Taiwan. He is a Taiwanese actor. He graduated from Taipei Hwa Kang Arts School in 1998. Ou is junior to other Taiwanese entertainers such as Barbie Hsu whom he co-starred with in the Meteor Garden series and Dee Hsu; and senior to Alien Huang Rainie Yang Genie Chuo and Cyndi Wang.
 Stephen P. H Butler Leacock FRSC (30 December 1869 – 28 March 1944) was a Canadian teacher political scientist writer and humourist. In the early part of the 20th century he was the best-known scientist in the English-speaking world. He is known for his light humour along with criticisms of people's follies. The Stephen Leacock Memorial Medal for Humour was named in his honour.
 Nancy King (born June 15 1940) is a world-renowned jazz singer from Portland Oregon United States.Known for her masterful scatting and elastic range King has performed in world-wide tours and recordings as well as collaborations with such artists as Jon Hendricks Vince Guaraldi Ralph Towner Dave Friesen and others.
 David Ellison (1939 – 10 June 2010) was a British television actor born in Stalybridge probably best remembered for his portrayal of police sergeant Joseph Beck in the 1980s BBC television series Juliet Bravo. He has also had minor roles in TV shows such as Coronation Street and Heartbeat.He gave up acting in 1995 and retired to the village of Beer in Devon. He died on 10 June 2010.
 Norihiro Yagi (八木 教広 Yagi Norihiro born 1969) is a Japanese manga writer and artist from Okinawa Prefecture. He started making manga in 1990.Norihiro Yagi is a successful manga artist having won the 32nd Akatsuka Award for his very first work: Undeadman. Undeadman appeared in Monthly Shōnen Jump and has had two sequels. Yagi's first serialized manga was his comedy-genre Angel Densetsu which appeared in Monthly Shōnen Jump from 1992 to 2000.
 Robin Tanner (Wiltshire 1904–1988) was an English artist etcher and printmaker. He followed in the visionary tradition of Samuel Palmer and English neo-romanticism. He lived in London at Kington Langley in Wiltshire and Bath.
 Lee Everett Blair (October 1 1911 – April 19 1993) was an American artist.He was born in Los Angeles California and died in Soquel California. He was the younger brother of Preston Blair and the husband of Mary Blair.In 1932 he won a gold medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for his Rodeo.
 Scott Kolins is an American illustrator writer and creator for multiple different superhero and science fiction comic books. His main credits are as a penciler but he is an established inker as well as colorist and has some credits as a writer.
 Sydney Ann Cook (born 1948) was an American author of contemporary and historical romance novels who wrote under the pen names Sara Chance Sherry Carr Sydney Ann Clary and Lacey Dancer.She won the Romantic Times Career Achievement Award in 1991-1992 for Series Romance Love and Laughter. Romantic Times awarded her a second Career Achievement Award in 1996 for Series Romantic Adventure.
 Andy Granelli (aka Andy Outbreak) is an American drummer. Initially drumming for a band known as Model American in 1997 on their self titled album. The same album later surfaced again in 2002 under the moniker MAPS which stood for Model American Playing Secretly having been forced to change the name by a court of law.
 Singing professionally since 1982 he gained popularity as a member of the rock band Bravo.In 2008 he was awarded the honorary title Merited Artist of the Russian Federation.In 2012 he signed an open letter against a St. Petersburg bill banning homosexual propaganda along with pop stars like Philipp Kirkorov and Dima Bilan.
 David Stern was born on February 3 1956 in Essen Germany and lives in New York. Stern has referred to himself as an “action painter” echoing the artistic legacies of New York School painters Jackson Pollock Willem de Kooning and Franz Kline. Yet his human forms reach further back to histories of portraiture.After an apprenticeship as a sign painter Stern attended the Dortmund Fachhochschule für Design and Art (1975–79) and the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf (1980–82).
 Victoria Petrovna Dayneko (Russian: Виктория Петровна Дайнеко) is a Russian singer the graduator and the winner of Star Factory-5 the participant of the Channel One’s project «Glacial age».
 Elizabeth Searle is an American novelist short story writer and playwright. Her works have included the novel A Four Sided Bed and the short story collections My Body to You and Celebrities in Disgrace. Her most recent novel Girl Held in Home was published in 2011 by New Rivers Press. She wrote the libretto for Tonya and Nancy:The Opera which was produced in 2006 and 2010 and 2014.
 Princess Erika (real name Erika Dobong'na born on 5 April 1964 in Paris) is a French singer and actress with Cameroonian origins. She is particularly known for her ragga songs Trop de bla-bla ou Faut qu'j'travaille.
 Ernest Matthew Mickler (Pronounced MYkler) (August 23 1940 – November 15 1988) was the author of White Trash Cooking a cookbook with recipes from the American Southeast. Mickler grew up in rural Florida. Mickler also wrote Sinkin Spells Hot Flashes Fits and Cravins now sold as White Trash Cooking II. He died of AIDS in 1988 aged 48.
 Paris Zax is an American underground hip hop producer based in Los Angeles California. He has produced tracks for Busdriver Blackbird and Shape Shifters among others. He released the solo debut album Unpath'd Waters on Alpha Pup Records in 2005.
 Johnny Cymbal (born John Hendry Blair) (February 3 1945 - March 16 1993) was a Scottish born American songwriter singer and record producer who had numerous hit records including his signature song Mr. Bass Man.
 Inday Ba (10 August 1972 – 20 April 2005) also known as N'Deaye Ba was a Swedish-British film stage and television actress born in Gothenburg Sweden.One of her most notable Swedish on-screen roles was as Hillevi in the romantic comedy Klassfesten (2002) opposite Björn Kjellman. She appeared in Trial & Retribution as DC Lisa West from 2002 until 2003.She died from Renal failure and other complications of lupus at age 32 shortly after filming her last role in the ITV drama serial Jericho.
 Thomas Scot Halpin (February 3 1954 – February 9 2008) was an artist and musician. He sat in for The Who's Keith Moon during a rock concert at the Cow Palace in San Francisco at which he had been an audience member. In 1973 he was awarded Rolling Stone magazine's Pick-Up Player of the Year Award for his historic performance during this show.
 Will Roberts (21 December 1907 – 11 March 2000) was a modern Welsh expressionist painter.Official Will Roberts WebsiteRoberts was born in Ruabon Denbighshire the son of a railwayman of the Great Western Railway. The family moved to Neath in Glamorgan in 1918 and he studied at the local Swansea School of Art. In 1945 Roberts met the Polish artist Josef Herman. At that time Herman was living in the neighbouring town of Ystradgynlais.
 Rod Piazza (born December 18 1947 Riverside California) is an American blues harmonica player and singer. He has been playing with his band The Mighty Flyers since 1980 which he formed with his pianist wife Honey Piazza. Their boogie sound combines the styles of jump blues West Coast blues and Chicago blues.
 Esther Phillips (December 23 1935 – August 7 1984) was an American singer. Phillips was known for her R&B vocals but she was a versatile singer also performing pop country jazz blues and soul music.
 Robert McLellan OBE (1907–1985) was a Scottish dramatist poet and writer of short fiction principally in the Scots language.
 Ed Boyd is a guitarist from Bath England. He is the current guitarist for Lúnasa but is best known as a longtime member of the Celtic folk group Flook.
 François Bon is a French writer. He was born in Luçon Vendée in 1953. François Bon loves loud rock music and often writes while listening this kind of music
 Wes King (born January 20 1966) is an American contemporary Christian singer songwriter and musician. He is perhaps best known for his 1993 album The Robe. He briefly attended Covenant College outside of Chattanooga Tennessee in the late 1980s. He also led worship at Christian youth retreat camps.
 Dyanne Thorne (born October 14 1943 in Greenwich Connecticut US) is an American actress nude model for pin-up magazines and former Las Vegas showgirl. She is best known for starring in four Ilsa sexploitation movies that influenced the Nazi exploitation film genre.
 Joe Holmes (born June 11 1963) is an American heavy metal guitarist best known for his stint with Ozzy Osbourne between 1995 and 2001. He has also played with Van Halen frontman David Lee Roth and the L.A. band Lizzy Borden in addition to leading his own bands Terriff and currently Farmikos.
 Arthur Bowden Askey CBE (6 June 1900 – 16 November 1982) was a prominent English comedian and actor. Askey's humour owed much to the playfulness of the characters he portrayed his improvisation and his use of catchphrases which included Hello playmates! I thank you (pronounced Ay-Thang-Yaw) and Before your very eyes.
 Simon Wilcox is a multi-platinum Canadian singer-songwriter.
 Jack Turner was educated at the University of Colorado and Cornell University and taught philosophy at the University of Illinois. Since 1975 he has traveled in India Pakistan Nepal China Tibet Bhutan and Peru leading more than forty treks and expeditions. He has lived in Grand Teton National Park for over twenty years and teaches mountaineering during the summers. He is the author of several books and essays.
 Helen Marion Palmer Geisel (September 11 1899 – October 23 1967) was an American children's author editor and philanthropist. She was married to fellow author Theodor Seuss Geisel better known as Dr. Seuss from 1927 until her death. Her best-known books include Do You Know What I'm Going to Do Next Saturday? I Was Kissed by a Seal at the Zoo Why I Built the Boogle House and A Fish Out of Water.
 Alan Murphy (28 November 1953 – 19 October 1989) was an English rock session guitarist best remembered for his collaborations with Kate Bush and Go West. In 1988 he joined the group Level 42 as a full-time band member and played with them until his death in 1989. He also played lead guitar on select recordings by Mike + The Mechanics including the hit single Silent Running.
 Matz Robert Eriksson or simple Robban as he is often called is best known as the drummer of Swedish rock band The Hellacopters who were active between 1994 and 2008. Eriksson is currently playing With his new band called Tramp and recently reunited Swedish punk band Strindbergs.
 Zach Houston is an Oakland based visual artist and unpublished poet. He is best known for his poemstore an ongoing business/literature performance. Some others have had similar projects. The poemstore has received coverage from Charles Osgood CBS News Katie Couric The NY Times The LA Times reviewed by Kenneth Baker critic for the San Francisco Chronicle NPR and many others. In 2011 the poemstore was the focus of two major exhibitions.
 Sophie Hulme is a British fashion designer best known for her 2012 A/W handbag collection which she has stated was inspired by toy dinosaurs. Her statement piece is the Armour Tote bag.
 Jamie Delano (born 1954 in Northampton) is a British comics writer. He was part of the first post-Alan Moore British Invasion of writers. Best known as the first writer of the comic book series Hellblazer starring John Constantine.
 Nadja Benaissa (born 26 April 1982) is a German recording artist television personality and occasional actress. She rose to fame in late 2000 when she auditioned for the reality television show Popstars on RTL II. The programme announced that Banaissa had won a place as a member of the all-female pop band No Angels.
 William Camden (2 May 1551 – 9 November 1623) was an English antiquarian historian topographer and officer of arms. He wrote the first chorographical survey of the islands of Great Britain and Ireland and the first detailed historical account of the reign of Elizabeth I of England.
 Roni Daloomi (Hebrew: רוני דלומי‎ born September 15 1991) is an Israeli singer. She won the final of Kochav Nolad 7 contest in August 2009.
 Brendan Smialowski is an award winning freelance photographer based in Washington D.C. He specializes in digital photography and covers national and international news. While primarily a documentary photographer Smialowski's work includes a variety of techniques including portrait photography. While based in Washington D.C. he has created a large volume of work covering politics. Smialowski regularly covers the White House and Capitol Hill.
 Dennis Schmidt is an American science fiction and fantasy author publishing from 1978 to 1990. Common threads in his books are religion discipline and mystical enemies. He has published his ten novels in three series.
 AMWE (pronounced Amuui) (born May 6 1984) is an indie New Wave and electronica artist from Nagoya Japan. Getting her start in jazz cover bands and 80s-styled music groups she eventually debuted in October 2009 under Pure Groove Records. AMWE produces writes and provides the vocals to all of her music.Born in 1984 AMWE got her big break when she won the Japanese leg of the Diesel U music competition in 2008.
 Ekkehard Wölk [Ekkehard Wolk] is a pianist arranger and composer from Germany. He is known for his silent film scores for German classics by Murnau and Pabst.
 Derrick Gardner (born June 3 1965) is an American jazz trumpeter from Chicago Illinois.Gardner began playing trumpet at the age of 9 in his hometown of Chicago IL.
 Hendrik Pienaar Hofmeyr (born 20 November 1957) is a South African composer. Born in Cape Town he furthered his studies in Italy during 10 years of self-imposed exile as a conscientious objector.[citation needed] While there he won the South African Opera Competition with The Fall of the House of Usher. He also received the annual Nederburg Prize for Opera for this work subsequent to its performance at the State Theatre in Pretoria in 1988.
 Steven Spooner is an American pianist and currently Assistant Professor of Piano at the University of Kansas in Lawrence Kansas.
 Ciara Newell was an original member of now defunct Irish girl group Bellefire. She has two sisters Cathy and Neasa and originally hails from Galway Ireland.In 2010 Ciara was involved with the Irish-language television station TG4 where she worked as a judge on the fourth series of its then flagship talent show Glas Vegas. The series began on TG4 on January 10 2010 with the final shown on April 4 Easter Sunday.Ciara now works at Universal Music Group in London as a Song plugger.
 Kong Ngai 江毅 (1936–2013) was a Hong Kong actor with TVB and ATV.
 Aspekt is an alias/project of Oliver Smith and Mark Pledger who are better known in the electronic dance music community as Smith & Pledger. To date they have released three singles under the Anjunabeats record label although ANJ-006 (Aspekt - Mobetta/Something Else) was produced entirely by Oliver Smith as so credited on the vinyl release.
 Calvin Seerveld (b. 1930 in New York) received a BA from Calvin College in 1952 an MA in English literature and classics from the University of Michigan in 1953. He then went on to study under D. H. Th. Vollenhoven at the Free University (VU) in Amsterdam where his doctoral dissertation dealt with Croce's aesthetics. It was supervised by Vollenhoven and Carlo Antoni.
 William Baldwin Jr. (1903-1983) known as Billy Baldwin and nicknamed Billy B was a New York interior decorator characterized in an obituary as the dean of interior decorators.
 Ronald Boyer commonly known by the stage name Rod Fontana (born September 18 1952) is a pornographic actor and director. In 2005 he was inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame. He was reported to have retired in 2007 to pursue religious interests but his career continued the next year.
 Leo Erdody (December 17 1888 – April 5 1949) was an American film composer of Hungarian descent. He studied music in Germany and later went to Hollywood scoring his first film in 1921. He later joined Producers Releasing Corporation and scored several films for them. For his work on Minstrel Man he was a nominee for an Academy Award for Best Original Score.
 Paul Ego (birth name Paul Jones) is a Billy T Award winning New Zealand comedian. He is best known both for his current role as leader of Team One on the New Zealand comedy current affairs panel show 7 Days and as the voice artist of the stickman in television advertisements for Pak n Save supermarket.Ego’s first gig was in London in 1994 and upon returning to New Zealand in 1995 he soon became a regular sight on the pro-comedy skyline.
 Vicky Veranita Yudhasoka Shu (born July 8 1987) is an Indonesian singer who released her debut album Drink Me in 2011. Mari Bercinta 2 is a sequel to the same title song by Aura Kasih. The single was number 3 on Dahsyat and number 5 on Klik!. She is also known for her beauty and wearing sexy costumes. Shu is also designing a high heel shoe product under her own brand named Syu Syu. Before becoming a singer she was a finalist for Miss Indonesia on 2007.
 Pablopavo (born 30 March 1978 as Paweł Sołtys) is a Polish reggae and raggamuffin vocalist songwriter and radio DJ. He has a radio show on Roxy FM called Tramwaj z Pragi. Pablopavo is the lead singer of Warsaw-based reggae band Vavamuffin. He has also recorded with a side-project called Pablopavo i Ludziki. He is one of the first vocalists singing raggamuffin in Polish and specializes in long and complicated freestyle vocal parts.
 Andrey Vladimirovich Menshikov (Russian: Андре́й Влади́мирович Ме́ньшиков born 30 June 1977 in Moscow) mostly known under his stage name Ligalize (Russian: Лигалайз) is a Russian hip hop artist and a former leader of the Legal Busine$$ band. Ligalize was also among D.O.B. and Bad Balance.Menshikov was born July 30 1977 in Moscow. Hip-hop came in 1993: Legalize and Ladjack organized the project Slingshot. He called himself Legalize because that was the name of his first group.
 Alexis Gritchenko (Ukrainian: Оле́кса Гри́щенко) (born in Krolevets Northern Ukraine April 2 1883; died in Vence France on January 28 1977) was a Ukrainian painter and art theorist.
 Gilles-François de Beauvais (7 July 1693 - c. 1773) was a French Jesuit writer and preacher.Born at Le Mans France de Beauvais entered the Society of Jesus in 1709 and taught belles-lettres rhetoric and philosophy. After ordination he was assigned to preach and give the Advent course at Court in 1744 during which year he published his Life of Ignatius Azevedo modelled on the original Italian biography by Father Cabral (a pseudonym of Giulio Cesare Cordara 1743).
 Jaymz Bee is a Canadian musician writer EmCee and radio personality.
 Tim Bradley is a toy designer for Hasbro. He designed a number of toys in the Transformers toy line.Tim is also the author and illustrator of children's books. He has written and illustrated The Care and Feeding of Dinosaurs (Millbrook Press 2000)Paleo Sharks: Survival of the Strangest (Chronicle Books 2007) and Paleo Bugs: Survival of the Creepiest (Chronicle Books 2008).
 Claude Dubois-Millot was sales director of the Gault Millau restaurant guide and served as one the eleven judges of the historic Judgment of Paris wine tasting. He was the only judge on the all French panel that did not have previous experience in wine competition after spending the majority of his career in the automobile industry prior to joining GaultMillau in 1973. Originally his brother the food critic Christian Millau was slated to be on the panel but Claude served as a substitute.
 Wannarot Sonthichai or nickname Vill (Thai: วรรณรท สนธิไชย; April 10 1989 — ) is a Thai film and television actor and pop singer from Exact.
 Bill Crawford (1913–1982) was an American editorial cartoonist. Crawford grew up in Hammond Indiana and graduated from Ohio State University with a degree in Fine Arts and studied for a time in Paris at the Grand Chaumiere. While at Ohio State he edited the comic magazine Sun Dial.Crawford worked as a sports cartoonist and for the Washington Daily News and the Washington Post from 1936 until 1938.
 David Milhous is a film and television editor and one of the founding members of the American Post-Punk band Lippy's Garden.Milhous spent a number of years editing news at CNN in Atlanta before turning to more dramatic long form storytelling.
 Sigrid Nunez (born 1951) is an American writer.
 Karri Pekka Matias Miettinen (born April 21 1978) better known by his stage name Paleface is a Finnish hip hop musician.
 Yeghishe Charents (Armenian: Եղիշե Չարենց; March 13 1897 – November 27 1937) was an Armenian poet writer and public activist. Charents was an outstanding poet of the twentieth century touching upon a multitude of topics that ranged from his experiences in the First World War socialist revolution and more prominently on Armenia and Armenians.
 Maurycy Trębacz (May 3 1861 – January 29 1941) was one of the most popular Jewish painters in Poland in the late 19th and early 20th century. Many of his paintings were lost in the Holocaust but a representative selection of his artwork survived.
 Dave Barbour (May 28 1912 – December 11 1965) was an American musician. He was a jazz banjoist and guitarist a pop songwriter an actor and the husband of Peggy Lee for nine years.Barbour was born in Long Island New York started off as a banjoist with Adrian Rollini in 1933 and then Wingy Manone in 1934. He switched to guitar in the middle of the decade and played with Red Norvo in 1935-1936.
 Guy Bedos (born 15 June 1934 in Algiers French Algeria) is an actor (mostly known for his part in the film Nous irons tous au paradis) and a famous stand-up comedian.He is also famous for his left-wing political affiliation and he had supported politicians such as François Mitterrand.
 Andrew Charles (Andy) Tillman (born 1952) is one of the founders of the llama industry in the United States. He is an expert on llama and alpaca health selective breeding and marketing. Tillman is the co-founder of the International Llama Association and he wrote the halter-class guidelines for the American Llama Show Association. His book Speechless Brothers was the first comprehensive study of llama husbandry published in the United States.
 Edo de Waart (born 1 June 1941 Amsterdam) is a Dutch conductor and the Music Director of the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra and the Royal Flemish Philharmonic and an Artistic Partner with the St. Paul Chamber Orchestra.De Waart studied oboe piano and conducting at the Sweelinck Conservatory graduating in 1962. The following year he was appointed associate principal oboe of the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra.
 Joe Elvin (real name Joseph Peter Keegan) (29 November 1862 – 3 March 1935) was a Cockney comedian and music hall entertainer and a Founder of the Grand Order of Water Rats a show business charity. With other leading performers he took part in the Music Hall War of 1907 which supported less well paid music hall artistes in their strike for better pay and conditions.
 Eivind Aadland (born 19 September 1956) is a Norwegian conductor and violinist. He has been concert master of the Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra.Eivind was Chief Conductor and Artistic Leader of the Trondheim Symphony Orchestra from 2004-2010 and maintains a regular relationship with many Scandinavian orchestras including the Oslo and Bergen Philharmonics Stavanger Symphony and Swedish Chamber Orchestra.
 The Boucicaut Master or Master of the Hours for Marshal Boucicaut was an anonymous French or Flemish miniaturist and illuminator active between 1400 and 1430 in Paris. He worked in the International Gothic style.He is named after his illustrated book of hours for Jean II Le Meingre Boucicaut) Marshal of France which was created between 1410 and 1415.
 Harvey Rosenfield (born 1952) is an American lawyer author and consumer advocate. In 1985 he founded Consumer Watchdog a nationally recognized nonpartisan nonprofit public interest group. He now serves as the group's counsel.He is best known for drafting and organizing the campaign for Proposition 103 a ballot proposal that rolled back automobile insurance rates in California.
 Ernest Hello (1828–1885) was a French Roman Catholic writer who produced books and articles on philosophy theology and literature.
 Alfredo Bai (born Turin November 27 1913 – died Giaveno June 1980) is an Italian sculptor.Bai worked in the Arsenale di Torino before he served as soldier in the guerrilla operation in the Valli di Lanzo during World War II. In the 1950s he discovered his vocation for sculpture and realized different works in the whole Piedmontese region.
 Carlos Catasse (1944 – January 19 2010) born Carlos Tapia Sepúlveda in Santiago Chile formed his new last name by combining the first two letters of his first middle and last names. Catasse is a Chilean painter of international recognition. Since 1969 he has lived and painted in Quito Ecuador the country that in 1986 granted him with Ecuador’s National Prize for Painting the Premio Eugenio Espejo.
 Gerd Puritz (born July 7 1914 in Hamburg; died June 5 2007) was the son and biographer of the German soprano Elisabeth Schumann. He moved with his family to England in 1948 and worked for the German Service of the BBC. After the death of his first wife Biddy he remarried in 1997 and moved to the Netherlands with his Dutch wife in 2002 where he died. He is survived by his sons Christian and Rupert his daughter Joy and granddaughters Sophie and Alice.
 Alan Munro Reynolds (born 27 April 1926) is a British painter.Reynolds was born on 27 April 1926 at Newmarket Suffolk where his father worked as a stableman. He studied at the Woolwich Polytechnic from 1948 to 1952 and in 1954 and at the Royal College of Art from 1952 to 1953. He taught at the Central School of Art and Design from 1954 to 1961 and from 1961 or 1962 at Saint Martin's School of Art where he became a senior lecturer in painting in 1985.
 Aaron Deer is a songwriter and multi-instrumentalist originally from Indianapolis IN now residing in Oakland CA. He is best known for his work in the Bloomington IN music scene in the early 2000s playing with bands such as The Impossible Shapes John Wilkes Booze and The Horns of Happiness.
 Ronna Renee Reeves (born September 21 1966 in Big Spring Texas) is a female country music singer. Between 1990 and 1998 she released five studio albums including three on Mercury Records; she has also charted five singles on the Hot Country Songs charts. Her highest-charting single was The More I Learn (The Less I Understand About Love) which reached number 49 in 1992.After leaving Mercury in 1995 Reeves signed to River North Records and released two more albums.
 Tokujin Yoshioka (吉岡 徳仁 Yoshioka Tokujin born 20 January 1967) is a Japanese artist and designer.Many of his works are part of the permanent collections of museums worldwide including the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) and the Cooper Hewitt National Design Museum in New York Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris the Victoria and Albert Museum in London and the Vitra Design Museum in Germany.
 Ron Roker (born Ronald Ernest Alfred Roker 23 January 1941) is an English songwriter and singer.Roker has written UK chart hits for Jackie Lee The Fortunes Barry Blue Tina Charles Polly Brown The Pearls The Real Thing and Sweet Dreams.
 Brad M. Carlson (born June 12 1950) better known by the stage name Bun E. Carlos is the primary drummer for American rock band Cheap Trick. He is the band's chief setlister and archivist and maintains recordings of all the band's shows some of which have been released under the title 'Bun E's Bootlegs'.
 Chris Dreja (born 11 November 1945 Surbiton England) is a musician best known for playing rhythm guitar and bass in the British band The Yardbirds.
 Luigi Serra (June 8 1846 – July 11 1888) was an Italian painter including watercolors.
 Maria Pinto (born 1957) is a fashion designer from Chicago Illinois. She has designed clothing for Oprah Winfrey the Joffrey Ballet Marcia Gay Harden and Michelle Obama.
 Michalina Wisłocka (1 July 1921 – 5 February 2005) was a Polish gynecologist sexologist and author of Sztuka kochania (The Art of Loving 1976) the first guide to sexual life in Communist countries. Her book became a bestseller with a total circulation of 7 million copies and started greater openness about matters of sex and sex life in Poland.She was a co-founder of the Society of Sensible Maternity in which she worked on infertility treatment and birth control.
 Bjørn Rønningen (born 31 December 1937) is a Norwegian children's writer.He was born in Bærum and made his literary debut in 1971. He is best known for his series about Fru Pigalopp as well as Jul i Skomakergata.
 Dennis Dunaway (born December 9 1946 in Cottage Grove Oregon) is an American musician best known as the original bass guitarist for Alice Cooper from 1969–1974.He co-wrote some of the band's most notable songs including I'm Eighteen and School's Out.
 Charles William Jefferys (August 25 1869 – October 8 1951) was a Canadian painter illustrator author and teacher best known as a historical illustrator.
 Mark Allan Hoppus (born March 15 1972) is an American musician record producer and television host best known as the bassist and one of two lead vocalists for the rock band Blink-182. Born in Ridgecrest California Hoppus spent his childhood moving back and forth between his mother and father's houses as they divorced when he was in third grade. He became interested in skateboarding and punk rock in junior high and received a bass guitar from his father at the age of fifteen.
 Cass McCombs is an American songwriter and performer.
 Fiachna Ó Braonáin (born 27 November 1965) plays the guitar and sings vocals with the Irish band Hothouse Flowers. Born in Dublin he received his school education at Scoil Lorcáin and Coláiste Eoin. The Hothouse Flowers were founded as a Dublin street-performance act called the Incomparable Benzini Brothers by Fiachna and his schoolmate Liam Ó Maonlaí.Fiachna appears on a duet with Belinda Carlisle on her 2007 release Voila.In September 2007 he released an album with his other band PreNup.
 Ronald Reng is a German sports journalist and author. Of his books two have been translated to English and both of them have been honored with book awards in the UK. The Keeper of Dreams the story of the German non-league goalkeeper Lars Leese who ended up playing for Barnsley Football Club in the Premier League won the Sports Book of the Year Award in 2004. It was the first foreign book to achieve such praise.
 Anthony Gross CBE RA (1905–1984) was a British printmaker painter war artist and film director of Hungarian-Jewish Italian and Anglo-Irish descent.
 Ron J. Wagner is primarily known as an American comics artist who has drawn for titles such as G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero The Punisher Nth Man: The Ultimate Ninja and Batman: Legends of the Dark Knight. He is also an animation storyboard artist games designer and portrait artist. He attended the Joe Kubert School of Cartoon and Graphic Art in a class which also included Lee Weeks Andy Kubert and Adam Kubert.
 James Sheridan Knowles (12 May 1784 – 30 November 1862) Irish dramatist and actor was born in Cork.
 Constantine James Maroulis (/məˈruːlɨs/; born September 17 1975) is an American actor and rock singer from Wyckoff New Jersey. He was the sixth-place finalist on the fourth season of the reality television series American Idol and received a nomination for the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Musical for his role in Rock of Ages.
 Federigo Pedulli (Brisighella February 15 1860- after 1938) was an Italian painter mainly of watercolor vedute of exterior and interior scenes.He began his studies at the Academy of Fine Arts in Ravenna under Moradei but then moved to study at the Academy of Fine Arts in Florence. Among a topic he often repeated was the interior of the Choir of the Church of Santa Maria Novella in Florence.
 Sir John Tenniel (28 February 1820 – 25 February 1914) was a British illustrator graphic humourist and political cartoonist whose work was prominent during the second half of the 19th century. Tenniel is considered important to the study of that period’s social literary and art histories.
 Roberto Quaglia (born 1962) is an Italian science fiction writer. Many of his works have been translated and published in Romania and some have also been translated into English Russian Spanish French Czech Hungarian and Dutch.
 Gordon Chan Kar-Seung (simplified Chinese: 陈嘉上; traditional Chinese: 陳嘉上; pinyin: Chén Jiāshàng) born in 1960 is a Hong Kong film director writer and producer. His most notable works include Beast Cops Fist of Legend Painted Skin 2000 AD and Legend of the Fist: The Return of Chen Zhen. In 2011 he announced and launched the productions for Mural Four Detectives/Four Marshals and Painted Skin 2.
 Eugénie Seifer Olson is an American-born author of three books. Raised in Verona New Jersey Eugénie has lived in several locations on the Eastern Seaboard including Princeton Philadelphia and Boston.
 Goo Hara (born January 13 1991) is a South Korean idol singer model dancer and actress. She is best known for being a member of Korean pop girl group Kara and for portraying Choi Da-hye the president's daughter on City Hunter in 2011.
 Jean-François Paquay (born 1956 Brussels Belgium) is a Belgian ceramist cartographer inventor and urban farmer.
 Hans Lindahl (born October 15 1954) is a Swedish comic book artist best known for his work on the series The Phantom. His work on the Phantom have been published in countries like Sweden Norway Finland Denmark England Australia and Brazil.
 David Alexander (Born in Crook County Oregon) better known by his stage name The Dirtball is an American recording solo artist a member of hip-hop rap group Kottonmouth Kings whom he joined in early 2010 and the punk rock group collaboration X-Pistols with Daddy X of the Kottonmouth Kings and members of So Cal punk group D.I.
 Julian Royce (1870–1946) was a British actor.
 Leon Kossoff (born 7 December 1926) is a British expressionist painter known for portraits life drawings and cityscapes of London England.Leon Kossoff was born in 1926 in Islington London and spent most of his early life living there with his Russian Jewish parents. In 1938 he attended the Hackney Downs School in London. In 1939 he was evacuated with the school to King's Lynn Norfolk where he lived with Mr and Mrs R.C. Bishop who encouraged his interest in art.
 Laura Wade (born 1977 in Bedford England) is a British playwright.
 Piotr Cezary Skrzynecki (September 12 1930 Warsaw – April 27 1997 Kraków) was a Polish choreographer and director cabaret impresario best known for his involvement with the cabaret Piwnica pod Baranami (Cellar under the Rams) of whose he was the founder.
 Tom Feelings (19 May 1933 – 25 August 2003) was a cartoonist children's book illustrator author teacher and activist. Through his works he framed the African-American experience. His most famous book is The Middle Passage: White Ships/Black Cargo.
 Jimmy Ray Dean (August 10 1928 – June 13 2010) was an American country music singer television host actor and businessman. Although he may be best known today as the creator of the Jimmy Dean sausage brand he became a national television personality starting in 1957 rising to fame for his 1961 country crossover hit Big Bad John and his television series The Jimmy Dean Show which also gave puppeteer Jim Henson his first national media exposure.
 Aaron Haroon Rashid (born 11 May 1973 in London United Kingdom) popularly known as Haroon is a British-Pakistani pop singer composer musician and producer. He has sold millions of CDs and tapes worldwide and has performed at large venues such as the Wembley Arena. Haroon is the creator and director of the successful Pakistani animated TV series the Burka Avenger. Haroon is campaign ambassador for Save the Children's Everyone Campaign that focuses on child health and nutrition.
 Eric Aumonier (1899–1974) was a British sculptor.
 For the American race car driver see Adrian Ace Carrio.Adrián Carrio is jazz pianist from Oviedo Spain. Carrio was born in 1986 a son of pianist parents. He started playing the instrument as a self-taught musician when he was just 6 years old. His parents sent him to learn classical piano with Marina Santamarina but kept also studying jazz for years as a self-taught musician.
 Anna Thilda May May Swenson (28 May 1913 – 4 December 1989) was an American poet and playwright. She is considered one of the most important and original poets of the 20th century as often hailed by the noted critic Harold Bloom.The first child of Margaret and Dan Arthur Swenson she grew up as the eldest of 10 children in a Mormon household where Swedish was spoken regularly and English was a second language. As a lesbian she was somewhat shunned by her family for religious reasons.
 Joe English (born February 7 1949) is an American musician who during the 1970s played drums in Paul McCartney's band Wings and in the Southern Rock/Jazz group Sea Level among others.
 Cam Smith is a British comic book artist and inker known to British comic book readers for his work on 2000 AD and in the American comic book market for his collaborations with Gary Frank inking that would earn him and Eisner Award nomination.
 Selden Edwards (born 1941) is an American writer and educator. His first novel The Little Book was a New York Times bestseller. His second novel The Lost Prince a sequel to The Little Book was published by Dutton in 2012.
 Violet Blue is an American journalist author editor advisor and educator.Blue wrote a weekly sex column for the San Francisco Chronicle until 2010. In her podcast Open Source Sex she reads erotica and discusses topics such as fetishes and oral sex. She also has a video blog. She lectures at San Francisco Sex Information on the topics of oral sex and fetish. Blue is the author of several books on sex and has edited several volumes of erotica anthologies.
 Nicole Burdette is a playwright and actress. She wrote the play Chelsea Walls which she adapted to film in 2001. She is a co-founder of the Naked Angels (theater company). She also gave the company their name.As an actress she most notably played Mabel opposite Brad Pitt in Robert Redford's A River Runs Through It.
 Baldassarre Carrari the Elder was an Italian painter who worked at Forlì about the year 1354. He is supposed to be the author of a fragment of a series of paintings which once adorned the Schiavonia church. That which remains is now in the gymnasium at Forlì and represents the Adoration of the Magi and figures of SS.
 William Henry Meadowcroft (29 May 1853 in Manchester – 15 October 1937 in Boonton New Jersey) was the secretary of Thomas Edison and author of several books notably including The A B C of Electricity (1888).
 Mukul Chandra Dey (Bengali: মুকুলচন্দ্র দে) (1895–1989) was a student of Rabindranath Tagore's Santiniketan. He is considered as a pioneer of drypoint-etching in India.He was the first Indian artist to travel abroad for the purpose of studying printmaking as an art. While in Japan in 1916 Mukul Dey studied under Yokoyama Taikan and Kanzan Shimomura at Tokyo and Yokohama.
 Omar Hussein (Arabic: عمر حسين‎; born May 21 1986) is a 26-year-old comedian who found his stage on YouTube. His show Al-Tayer based on local humor has drawn hundreds of thousands of hits. He's part of a growing trend where comedians and citizen journalists are using social media as a platform to address the two-thirds of the Saudi population under 30. These online celebrities are pushing the barriers of society through their popular but sometimes controversial talk shows.
 David Michael Draiman (born March 13 1973) is an American songwriter and the lead singer for the heavy metal band Disturbed as well as for the band Device. Draiman is known for his distorted voice and percussive singing style. In November 2006 Draiman was voted number 42 on the Hit Parader’s Top 100 Metal Vocalists of All Time.
 Stefan Pasborg is a Danish drummer composer and bandleader and the founding member of ILK MUSIC a Danish record label.
 Evan Frankfort (born December 13 1970) is an American TV/Film composer sound designer engineer and music producer. He has composed music for several shows and films including Rules of Engagement Swingtown In Plain Sight and Beverly Hills 90210.
 Tim Ryan Rouillier (born February 4 1964 in St. Ignatius Montana) is an American country music artist known professionally as Tim Ryan. Between 1990 and 1997 Ryan released four major-label studio albums. He also charted six singles on Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. His highest charting single Dance in Circles peaked at No.
 Nobuo Sekine is a Japanese artist known for his participation in the Mono-ha movement. He was born in Saitama Japan in 1942. His Phase of Nothingness was shown at the Venice Biennale in 1970
 Cyndee Summers (September 27 1949 – November 14-16 2009) was an American pornographic actress. She performed in about 50 films and loops during the Golden Age of Porn during the 1970s and 1980s. She is a member of the X-Rated Critics Organization Hall of Fame as a Film Pioneer.
 Reza Amirkhani is a contemporary Iranian novelist.He started writing at high school with ERMIA novel.He has studied mechanical engineering at Sharif University of Technology and is a graduate of National Organization for Development of Exceptional Talents; he also writes essays and researches about scientific & social problems. Some of his novels remarkably Man-e-oo (His Ego)[citation needed] AZ BE NASER ARMANI has received some popular acclaim[citation needed].
 Jean-Baptiste Nicolet (16 April 1728 - 27 December 1796) was a French actor and manager. He was the eldest son of puppeteer dance master and violinist Guillaume Nicolet. He set up the Grands-Danseurs du Roi the predecessor of the Théâtre de la Gaîté.
 Hector de Saint-Denys Garneau (June 13 1912 – October 24 1943) was a French Canadian poet and painter who was posthumously hailed as a herald of the Quebec literary renaissance of the 1950s. He has been called Quebec's first truly modern poet.
 Masaki Sato (佐藤 優樹 Satō Masaki born (1999-05-07)May 7 1999 in Sapporo Hokkaido) is a Japanese pop singer. She is a tenth-generation member of the pop group Morning Musume.
 Erling Christie (19 May 1928 — 3 September 1996) was a Norwegian author. Christie was among the pioneers of modernism in Norway both as a poet and a critic. Christie published five poetry collections in his life and these were collected in the posthumous collection Samlede dikt (Aschehoug 1998). His literary works meant that Christie introduced a large number of English language authors to the Norwegian public and his own poetry was inspired by English speaking authors such as T. S.
 Logan Eberhardt English (November 29 1928 – March 9 1983) was an American folk singer poet actor and playwright. As MC at Gerde's Folk City in Greenwich Village he was influential in Bob Dylan's early career and also recorded one of the earliest albums produced as a tribute to Woody Guthrie.
 Julien Gracq (27 July 1910 – 22 December 2007) born Louis Poirier in Saint-Florent-le-Vieil in the French département of Maine-et-Loire was a French writer. He wrote novels critiques a play and poetry. His literary works were noted for their Surrealism elegant style and refined vocabulary.
 Siegfried Lenz (born 17 March 1926) is a German writer who has written novels and produced several collections of short stories essays and plays for radio and the theatre. He was awarded the Goethe Prize in Frankfurt-am-Main on the 250th Anniversary of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's birth. Lenz and his wife Liselotte also exchanged over 100 letters with Paul Celan and his wife Gisèle Lestrange between 1952 and 1961.
 Nancy Brachman Davidson is an American feminist artist working in sculpture installation art photography and video. Her work has been shown at the Institute of Contemporary Art Philadelphia or ICA the Corcoran in Washington D.C. the Wight Gallery at the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) as well as the Shoshana Wayne Gallery in Los Angeles and Robert Miller Gallery [1] in New York among others.
 Sir Gerald Reece KCMG CBE DL (10 January 1897 - October 14 1985) was a British writer and colonial administrator. He served as Governor of the British Somaliland Protectorate from 1948 until February 1954.He was affiliated with the Royal African Society and authoredThe Horn of Africa for the Royal Institute of International Affairs in October 1954 (Vol. 30 #4 pp. 440–449 doi:10.2307/2608724).
 Anna Bella Geiger (born 1933 Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian multi-disciplinary artist of Jewish-Polish ancestry and professor at the Escola de Artes Visuais do Parque Lage. She lives in Rio de Janeiro and her work characterized by the use of different media is held by galleries and private collections in the USA China Brazil and Europe.
 Streeter Seidell (born December 2 1982) is an American comedian writer actor and TV host. Seidell first gained popularity as part of the cast of CollegeHumor's online skits although he has written and edited the site's front page before then.
 Santhosh Echikkanam (Malayalam: സന്തോഷ് ഏച്ചിക്കാനം) is a South Indian contemporary short story writer from Kerala. He is one of the newcomers in Malayalam literature. He was born in Kasargode district in Kerala. Santhosh was into politics during his college life. He never stood first in the college story-writing competitions. But he stick on to his passion and later turned to be a good writer mostly in short stories.
 George Denis Patrick Carlin (May 12 1937 – June 22 2008) was an American comedian writer social critic and actor who won five Grammy Awards for his comedy albums. Carlin was noted for his black comedy as well as his thoughts on politics the English language psychology religion and various taboo subjects. Carlin and his Seven dirty words comedy routine were central to the 1978 U.S. Supreme Court case F.C.C. v.
 Christopher Whyte (Crisdean MhicIlleBhain) is a Scottish poet novelist translator and critic.He was born in 1952 in Glasgow and graduated from St. Aloysius' College and later Cambridge University. For many years he lived in Italy before moving back to Scotland in 1985 to teach Scottish literature at Glasgow University (from 1990 until 2005).
 Kelly Green (born Elaine Annette Sherratt 20 July 1947) is an Australian singer. Born in the United Kingdom she migrated to Australia in 1956 her singing career began in Sydney at the age of 15. Green grew up in a musical family – her father Norman Sherratt was a guitarist and her older twin sisters Christine and Norma were also singers.
 Aja Kim is an American singer and songwriter.
 Nathan Daboll (May 5 1750 [O.S. April 24 1750] – March 9 1818) was an American teacher who wrote the mathematics textbook most commonly used in American schools in the first half of the 19th century. During the course of his career he also operated a popular navigation school for merchant mariners and published a variety of almanacs during the American Revolution period.
 Ivana Selakov (Serbian Cyrillic: Ивана Селаков pronounced [ǐʋana sɛlǎkɔʋ] born November 8 1978 in Belgrade Serbia former SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian singer former member of the girlband Beauty Queens.
 Jacques Dutronc (born 28 April 1943) is a French singer songwriter guitarist composer and actor. He has been married to singer Françoise Hardy since 30 March 1981 and the two have a son (jazz guitarist Thomas Dutronc born 1973). He also has been a longtime songwriting collaborator with Jacques Lanzmann.
 Johann Carl Friedrich Rellstab (27 February 1759 – 19 August 1813) was a German composer writer music publisher and critic living in Berlin. Rellstab was a very influential figure in Berlin's musical life. In his youth he studied keyboard with Johann Friedrich Agricola and composition with Carl Friedrich Christian Fasch. He planned to continue his education with Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach in Hamburg when in 1779 he had to take over the printing business of his father.
 Hermann Wislicenus (20 September 1825 – 25 April 1899) was a German historical painter.
 Stephen Hopkins is a former musician who worked as Steve Hopkins as musician with different Manchester punk and new wave artists as John Cooper Clarke Pauline Murray Morrissey Ed Garrity among others. He currently works as a physicist.
 Malkit Singh (Punjabi: ਮਲਕੀਤ ਸਿੰਘ) (born Malkit Singh Boparai) MBE (born 1962) is a Britain-based Punjabi bhangra singer. Born in Hussainpur Jalandhar and raised in Nakodar Jalandhar Punjab he moved to Birmingham in England in 1984. Malkit Singh has become the first Punjabi singer to be honoured by Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace in London with the award of Member of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire.
 Disma Fumagalli (born Inzago September 8 1826 - died Milan March 9 1893) was an Italian composer and teacher of music. He was a graduate of the Milan Conservatory where he began teaching piano in 1853. He composed more than 300 études for piano as well as other exercises; he also wrote a concerto for piano and string orchestra.Fumagalli's brothers Carlo Polibio Adolfo and Luca were all composers.
 Reen Nalli is an American music executive. She is the current president of A&R Consultants. She has worked with the likes of INXS Blue October and India.Arie.
 Anthony Noble Frankland CB CBE DFC DPhil (born 4 July 1922) is a British historian and a former Director General of the Imperial War Museum.Noble Frankland attended Trinity College Oxford from March 1941 to May 1942 and then from October 1945 to November 1947. He served in the Royal Air Force (RAF) from 1941 to 1945 as a navigator in RAF Bomber Command and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross in 1944.
 .Kenneth Keith Forbes (July 4 1892 – 1980) was a Canadian portrait and landscape painter. His painting entitled Canadian Artillery in action is on display at the Canadian War Museum.
 Dave Bidini (born September 11 1963) is a Canadian musician and writer. Originally from Etobicoke Ontario he was a founding member of the rock band Rheostatics and currently performs with Bidiniband. In addition he has published several books about music travel and sports and has written feature journalism pieces and columns for numerous Canadian magazines and newspapers.
 Sue de Beer (born September 8 1973 in Tarrytown New York[citation needed]) is a contemporary artist who lives and works in New York City.
 Rebecca Miller is a Canadian country music artist. Her 1995 single Listen to the Radio reached the Top 20 of the RPM Country Tracks chart. An album was planned for release but shelved when her record label closed. In 2009 she was signed to Crystal Shawanda's label New Sun Records.
 Levi Stubbles (June 6 1936 – October 17 2008) better known by the stage name Levi Stubbs was an American baritone singer best known as the lead vocalist of the Motown R&B group Four Tops. He was also a voice artist in film and animated television series most famously having provided the voice of the alien plant Audrey II in the musical horror film Little Shop of Horrors and Mother Brain in Captain N: The Game Master. Stubbs was admired by his peers for his impressive vocal range.
 Helen Frankenthaler (December 12 1928 – December 27 2011) was an American abstract expressionist painter. She was a major contributor to the history of postwar American painting. Having exhibited her work for over six decades (early 1950s until 2011) she spanned several generations of abstract painters while continuing to produce vital and ever-changing new work.
 Koji Ishikawa (イシカワコウジ Ishikawa Kōji Japan) is a Japanese contemporary artist. though his artwork has been exhibited worldwide. Ishikawa had seven solo exhibitions since 1991.
 John Patience is an English author and illustrator. He is best known for his Fern Hollow series of books for young children.
 Jackson Butch Guice (born June 27 1961 in Chattanooga Tennessee) is an American comic book artist who has worked in the comics industry since the 1980s.
 Matthew Matt Braunger (born August 1 1974) is an American actor writer and stand-up comedian. Outside of performing stand-up Braunger is noted for being a cast member on MADtv during its final season in 2008-2009 and most recently as a recurring guest star on NBC's Up All Night as Gene Martin.
 Ron Bushy (born September 23 1945) is the drummer of the rock band Iron Butterfly. He is the only member of the group to appear on all six of their studio albums.He was born in Washington D.C. on September 23 1945 and makes his home in Orlando Florida. He grew up in a military family living in approximately 34 states during his youth.
 Burl C. Jaybird Coleman (May 20 1896 – January 28 1950) was an American country blues harmonica player guitarist and singer.Born in Gainesville Alabama United States the son of sharecroppers and one of four children. He was born raised and worked on a farm and picked up and learned the harmonica at 12 years of age. Coleman began performing the blues as an entertainer for American soldiers while serving in the United States Army.
 Betsy Cook is an American-born singer songwriter and musician. Since the late 1970s she has worked mainly in the United Kingdom and collaborated with various British artists such as Gerry Rafferty Ray Jackson Lindisfarne George Michael Paul Young Seal and Marc Almond. She later became affiliated with the acclaimed producer Trevor Horn and worked on several of his projects in the late 1980s and early 1990s before releasing her own album The Girl Who Ate Herself in 1992.
 Masato Jones (born 1978) is a British based fashion designer who started his own label MASATO in 2011 after graduating from Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design. His collections have been showcased at several Fashion Weeks including in the UK: Brighton Cheltenham Essex Leeds Liverpool and Manchester and also at Nürnberg in Germany.
 Tiffany Mynx (born October 10 1971 in Upland California) is an American pornographic actress and film director. She is a member of the AVN XRCO and Legends of Erotica Halls of Fame.
 Michael Bradford (born 1961 in Detroit Wayne County Michigan) is an African American musician. He was born and raised on Detroit's East Side an area that was once a working-class neighborhood but quickly deteriorated into decay after the city's tumultuous riots in 1967.The late 60s and early 70s were also a remarkable time in Detroit for music.
 Jade Starr is an American model Go-Go dancer and actress based in Los Angeles. She is a mix of Cherokee and Irish. Her work ranges from fashion modeling to lesbian pornography.[citation needed] She has done close to 30 adult films.
 Patrice Pike is an American singer songwriter and musician. She's been a professional musician and songwriter since she was sixteen. Billboard magazine proclaimed her one of the finest up and coming contemporary rock singers in America.
 Kim Il-yeop (korean:김일엽 hanja:金一葉 April 28 1896 - May 28 1971) was a Korean writer journalist feminist activist Buddhist nun and independent activist. She was an early Korean Free Love advocate and Free Sex activist.Her ideas ultimitely led to her downfall and she received severe criticism from Neo-Confucian devotees. Her real name was Kim Wom-ju (김원주 金元周); Her penname and Buddhist name was Il-yeop (일엽 一葉).
 John Fenton Johnson was born ninth of nine children into a Kentucky whiskey-making family with a strong storytelling tradition.
 Julio Barragán (1928–2011) was an Argentine painter of the Concretist and Cubist schools.
 Keith Howland (born August 14 1964 in Silver Spring Maryland) is an American guitarist and singer. Since 1995 he has been the lead guitarist for the veteran pop-rock band Chicago.Howland started playing the guitar at the age of seven and he played in a number of bands during his school years. He attended high school in Richmond Virginia and graduated from James Madison University in 1986 with a degree in communications.
 B. Puttaswamayya (kannada:ಬಿ. ಪುಟ್ಟಸ್ವಾಮಯ್ಯ) (May 24 1897 – January 25 1984) was a novelist playwright and journalist in the kannada language. He was recipient of 1964 sahitya academy award for his novel kranthi kalyana.
 Ravi Shankar Sharma (3 March 1926 – 7 March 2012) often referred to mononymously as Ravi was an Indian music director who had composed music for several Hindi and Malayalam films. After a successful career in Hindi cinema he took a break from 1970s to 1984 and made a successful comeback under the stage name Bombay Ravi. He died on 7 March 2012 in Mumbai at the age of 86.
 Soledad Bravo (born 1943) is a Venezuelan singer. Born in Logroño La Rioja Spain her father was a Spanish republican moving to Venezuela with his family when his daughter was still at an early age. At 24 Soledad began studying architecture and philosophy at the Universidad Central de Venezuela where she also began performing.
 Mike Perras (born June 19 1963) is a Canadian DJ from Montréal. He produced the 1991 singles “Beginning of Life” and “Keep Moving” on Bassic Records.
 Jasper Carrott OBE (born Robert Norman Davis on 14 March 1945) is an English comedian actor television presenter and personality.
 Mike Dierickx (born 20 February 1973) formerly known as Dirk Dierickx and most commonly recognized under the aliases M.I.K.E. Push or Plastic Boy is a Belgian DJ. Best known for the song Universal Nation he has also released other singles including The Legacy and Strange World. His style is primarily progressive trance.
 John Fante (April 8 1909 – May 8 1983) was an American novelist short story writer and screenwriter of Italian descent. He is perhaps best known for his work Ask the Dust a semi-autobiograpical novel about life in and around Los Angeles California which was the third in a series of four novels published between 1938 and 1985 that are now collectively called The Bandini Quartet. That book was made into a movie by the same name in 2006.
 Michele Marelli (born 18 July 1978) is an Italian clarinet and basset horn soloist.
 Edmond Roudnitska (1905–1996) was a French master perfumer and author. He is known for creating some of the most famous perfumes in the world such as Dior's Eau Sauvage and Diorissimo and Rochas's Femme. Many of his creations are still in production today. He was the father of perfumer Michel Roudnitska.In 1926 he started his training in perfumery in Grasse. In 1942 he met Thérèse Delveaux who became his wife.
 Kaci Lyn Battaglia (/ˈkeɪsi/ KAY-see; born October 3 1987 Clearwater Florida) also known as Kaci is an American singer songwriter dancer actress and professional kickboxing instructor. Kaci rose to fame in 2001 with her hit single Paradise her last recent activity in the public eye was in 2010.
 Asami Konno (紺野 あさ美 Konno Asami) born May 7 1987 is a former Japanese pop singer and now a TV host for TV Tokyo best known as former fifth generation member of the all-girl Japanese pop group Morning Musume. She joined the group in the August 2001 along with fellow fifth generation members Ai Takahashi Makoto Ogawa and Risa Niigaki.
 Leon Walter Tillage (January 19 1936 – October 5 2011) was the author of Leon's Story an account of the effects of Jim Crow laws on the lives of African Americans during the 1930s and 1940s.
 The Auden Group is the name given to a group of British and Irish writers active in the 1930s that included W. H. Auden Louis MacNeice Cecil Day-Lewis Stephen Spender Christopher Isherwood and sometimes Edward Upward and Rex Warner.
 John William Casilear (June 25 1811 – August 17 1893) was an American landscape artist belonging to the Hudson River School. Casilear was born in New York City. His first professional training was under prominent New York engraver Peter Maverick in the 1820s then with Asher Durand himself an engraver at the time. Casilear and Durand became friends and both worked as engravers in New York through the 1830s.
 Allen LaMar Al Wilson (June 19 1939 – April 21 2008) was an American soul singer known for the million-selling #1 hit Show and Tell. He is also remembered for his Northern soul anthem The Snake.
 Philip Shelby is an American writer possibly best known for writing the second novel The Cassandra Compact in the Covert-One series in conjunction with fellow author Robert Ludlum.
 Ai Jing (Chinese: 艾敬; pinyin: Ài Jìng; born 10 September 1969 in Shenyang Liaoning) is a mainland Chinese singer and painter. China's Northeast News called her China's most talented female folk rock singer.Ai was born into a musical family: her father played several instruments and her mother was a Pingju singer.
 Marji Campi is a British actress best known for playing Joyce Watson in Surgical Spirit between 1989 and 1995; and Jessie Hilton in Brookside from 1998 to 2002. Her stage experience includes work at Chester Colchester Hull and in various London venues.
 Margaret Clarkson (born August 13 1941) was born in Rotherham England and trained as an artist at Rotherham School of Art and Bromley College of Art. Later she became an art teacher in South Yorkshire.
 Vladimir Tendryakov (Russian: Влади́мир Фёдорович Тендряко́в) (December 5 1923 – August 3 1984) was a Soviet short story writer and novelist.
 Fritz Ascher (17 October 1893 in Berlin Germany – 26 March 1970 in Berlin Germany) was a German Expressionist whose artwork is characterized by bold brushstrokes and expressionist colors combined with a strong commitment to authenticity.
 Laura Allred is a comics artist who is best known for her work with her husband Mike Allred as a colorist.
 Michael Joseph Micky Moody (born 30 August 1950) is an English guitarist and a former member of the rock bands Juicy Lucy and Whitesnake. He was also a founder-member of Snafu. Together with his former Whitesnake colleague Bernie Marsden he founded the Moody Marsden Band and later The Snakes having previously collaborated with unofficial 5th Status Quo member Bob Young in Young & Moody.
 Juan José Palacios Orihuela (1944–2002) Puerto de Santa Maria (Cadiz). Spanish musician and record producer. Drummer of the rock band Triana.
 Domenico Massenzio (28 March 1586 - 23 October 1657) was an Italian baroque composer. He worked at the Seminario Romano 1612 Collegio Inglese 1624-6 Cappella Giulia 1626-7. The first of two collections of motets were published in 1612.
 Lü Yue (simplified Chinese: 吕乐; traditional Chinese: 呂樂) (born 1957) is a Chinese cinematographer and film director. Born in Tianjin Lü is today among the most important cinematographers of recent Chinese cinema[citation needed] and is particularly well known for his collaborations with director Zhang Yimou with whom he served as director of photography in three films. Lü was nominated for an Academy Award for best cinematographer for Zhang's film Shanghai Triad.
 Tommaso Dossi (1678 – 18 July 1730) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period active in Verona. He trained with Giovanni Murari and then with Simone Brentana. He painted an altarpiece of the Virgin and child with San Filippo Neri for the church of the Padre Filippini. He painted a Santa Eurosia for the parish church of Mazzurega.
 Harvey Manning (July 16 1925 in Ballard Seattle Washington - November 12 2006 in Bellevue Washington) was a noted author of hiking guides and climbing textbooks and a tireless hiking advocate. Manning lived on Cougar Mountain within the city limits of Bellevue Washington calling his home the 200 meter hut.
 Neko Case (/ˈniːkoʊ ˈkeɪs/; born September 8 1970) is an American singer-songwriter best known for her solo career and her contributions as a member of the Canadian indie rock group The New Pornographers.
 Robert Bob Brunning (29 June 1943 – 18 October 2011) was a British musician who was as a small part of a long musical career the original bass guitar player with the blues rock band Fleetwood Mac.
 Bang Ye-dam (Hangul: 방예담; born May 7 2002) is a South Korean singer and dancer. He known as the runner-up of SBS's K-pop Star Season 2. He is currently signed to YG Entertainment. His father is singer Bang Dae-sik.
 Mel Ash is a Zen teacher writer artist and performer with a lifelong passion for transformative experience and cultural change. Previously authorized as a Dharma Teacher in the Kwan Um School of Zen he left this tradition to join the Unitarian Church. Mel Ash continues to teach workshops nationally on Zen Beat spirituality and alternative psychology.
 Sari Ibrahim Khoury (March 13 1941 - June 18 1997 Arabic: سري خوري‎) was an American visual artist originally from Jerusalem. He primarily worked in abstract modes in acrylic oil and charcoal.
 Fernando Milagros (Santiago February 1980) is a Chilean pop rock singer-songwriter and a part of the independent music scene in Santiago. He was born Fernando Briones and got his stage name from his three years as the singer and bass player in the band Maria Milagros. He has divided his time between music and a successful career in theater design.In 2006 Milagros made his first solo album Vacaciones en el Patio de mi Casa (Vacations In My Backyard) which was released in 2007.
 Pavel Núñez commonly referred to as Pavel is a singer from Santo Domingo Dominican Republic with influences of Rock en Español Latin pop and Dominican traditional music. Best known for his international hit single Te Di and other favorites like Betania and Paso a Paso. He released his album El Tiempo del Viento early 2010
 Laurieann Gibson (born July 14 1969 in Toronto Ontario Canada) is a VMA-winning choreographer Emmy-nominated director television host/personality and hip hop singer/recording artist best known for her work with Lady Gaga Diddy Nicki Minaj 2NE1 BIGBANG and Katy Perry.
 Hassan Kassai (Persian: حسن کسائی‎‎; 25 September 1928 – 14 June 2012) was an iconic master of Persian classical music and renowned player of Ney the traditional reed flute of Persia/Iran.
 Yu Xun-fa (俞遜發) (January 8 1946 – January 21 2006) was a Chinese flute player who invented the wind-instrument known as the koudi. Born in Shanghai he popularized the art of the flute in Chinese culture during the 1970s.
 Xonia (born Loredana Sachelaru; 25 June 1989) is a Romanian singer songwriter actress and dancer.
 Giacinto Bondioli (1596-1636) was an Italian Dominican prior and composer. He was composer at Il convento de' PP. Predicatori di S. Domenico in Venice and uncle and probably teacher of Biagio Marini.
 Rayveness (born 19 June 1972 in Jamestown North Carolina) is an on-again off-again pornographic actress and XRCO Hall of Fame inductee and former Quaker.
 Satomi' (born March 7 1989) is a Japanese pop singer. She also goes under the names Satomi and Satton. In 2003 she began vocal and dance lessons simultaneously. She had her first live performance at 15 at the MIDEM 2005 International Music Conference where she was discovered by a sports magazine. She debuted in the United Kingdom in 2005 with the song love shouts under the hiptones label as the label's first featured artist.
 May Sarton is the pen name of Eleanore Marie Sarton (May 3 1912 – July 16 1995) an American poet novelist and memoirist.
 François Barraud (14 November 1899 – 11 September 1934) was a Swiss painter.Barraud was the eldest of four brothers who all painted or sculpted at various points in their lives. The brothers François Aimé Aurèle and Charles were largely self-taught artists having been raised as professional plasterers and house painters. Barraud attended evening classes at the local art school in 1911 together with his brothers.
 Beverley Mahood (born 2 November 1974 in Belfast Northern Ireland) is a country music singer-songwriter and television host in Canada. Beverley emigrated from Belfast to Canada as a child. She is also formerly part of the all-female trio Lace produced by the renowned Los Angeles producer David Foster. From 2004 to 2005 she co-hosted the Citytv Vancouver morning show Breakfast Television. Mahood was then named to co-host CMT Canada's flagship show CMT Central.
 Erin Fetherston is an American designer from San Francisco California . She graduated from UC Berkeley before attending Parson's School of Design in Paris.In January 2005 she first presented her eponymous label during the Paris Haute Couture Shows. From its debut the collection established Fetherston’s signature feminine whimsical and romantic sensibility earning the brand a devoted following of press and celebrities.
 Joëlle Léandre (born 12 September 1951 in Aix-en-Provence France) is a double bassist vocalist and composer active in new music and free improvisation.In the field of contemporary music she has performed with Pierre Boulez's Ensemble InterContemporain and worked with Merce Cunningham and John Cage. Both Cage and Giacinto Scelsi have composed works specifically for her.She gave an historic solo concert in Jazz em Agosto in 2007 (Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation Lisbon Portugal).
 Annie Herring (born Annie Ward September 22 1945) is one of the pioneers of the Jesus music genre later to be called Contemporary Christian music. She was more notably a part of the trio 2nd Chapter of Acts in which she wrote most of the songs and sang lead and harmony vocals with her brother Matthew Ward and sister Nelly (Ward) Greisen. However during her musical career with the 2nd Chapter of Acts from 1973 to 1988 she also recorded solo albums.
 Brian Keany RSW DA (Edin) (1945 – February 2007) was a Scottish painter and teacher who was elected as a member of The Royal Scottish Society of Painters in Watercolour.Keany was born in Forfar in 1945 and grew up in Brechin.
 Joe Stefanelli (born 1921) also known as Joseph J. Stefanelli belonged to the New York School Abstract Expressionist artists whose influence and artistic innovation by the 1950s had been recognized around the world. New York School Abstract Expressionism represented by Jackson Pollock Willem de Kooning Franz Kline and others became a leading art movement of the post-World War II era.
 Bernardo Kucinski (São Paulo 1937) is a Brazilian journalist and political scientist professor at the University of São Paulo and collaborator of Workers' Party (Brazil). He served as advisor to the President of the Republic during the first term of Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva.
 Donal Ryan (born 1976) is an Irish writer. He is notable for his book The Spinning Heart which was long listed for the Booker Prize in 2013 and won the Guardian First Book Award in the same year.
 Giovanni Ottavio Rappetti (Turin 1849 - 1931) was an Italian painter mainly of genre subjects.
 Jason Harrod is an American guitarist and singer who writes and performs bluegrass/folk music. Harrod's first album Dreams of the Colorblind was released in 1992. Harrod's first album was coreleased with songwriter Brian Funck with whom he played until 1998. The pair released three CDs with their first studio CD (produced by Mark Heard) making it to number 38 on the CMJ AAA top 40 chart. The pair broke up in 1998 and only Harrod continued in the music industry.
 Alexander Wolfe is an English singer-songwriter and musician.
 Minnie Julia Riperton Rudolph (November 8 1947 – July 12 1979) known professionally as Minnie Riperton was an American singer-songwriter best known for her 1975 single Lovin' You. She was married to songwriter and music producer Richard Rudolph from 1972 until her death in 1979. They had two children: music engineer Marc Rudolph and actress/comedienne Maya Rudolph.Riperton grew up on Chicago's South Side. As a child she studied music drama and dance at Chicago's Lincoln Center.
 Exene Cervenka (born Christene Lee Cervenka February 1 1956) is an American singer artist and poet best known for her work as a singer in the Los Angeles punk rock band X.
 David Poore (born 2 December 1966) is a British independent musician who has composed and produced music for over 200 films by the BBC ITV Channel 4 Disney PBS National Geographic RTÉ and other broadcasters.
 Walter Randall (1918–2008) was a British dancer turned actor with numerous roles in British television including parts in The Saint Out of This World Yes Minister The Professionals and Dixon of Dock Green. He appeared in the Doctor Who story The Aztecs in 1964 and was interviewed for the DVD release in 2002. Five further appearances on the programme followed the last of which was Planet of the Spiders in 1974.Randall died in early 2008.
 Jessica Frech is an American pop/folk singer-songwriter from Nashville Tennessee. Jessica is attending Belmont University majoring in songwriting.Frech gained worldwide notoriety with the release of the “People of Walmart” music video on YouTube. The comedy video features images from the People of Walmart photo blog along with an original score written by Frech. Shortly after release the video went viral with multi-millions of views.
 Ian Gillan (born 19 August 1945) is an English rock vocalist and songwriter. He originally found commercial success as the lead singer and lyricist for Deep Purple.Initially influenced by Elvis Presley Gillan started and fronted several local bands in the mid-sixties and eventually joined Episode Six when their original singer left. He first found widespread commercial success after joining Deep Purple in 1969.
 David Jason Latour (born 1977[citation needed]) is an American comic book artist and writer known for his work for Image Dark Horse Marvel and DC comics on titles such as Scalped Wolverine B.P.R.D. Winter Soldier and Django Unchained.
 Samuli Laiho (born 1969 in Tampere) is a Finnish guitarist.
 Rodney Hall OAM (born 18 November 1935) is an Australian writer.
 Eek-A-Mouse (born Ripton Joseph Hylton November 19 1957 Kingston Jamaica) is a Jamaican reggae musician. He is one of the early artists to be described as a singjay.
 Demi is a house music DJ and producer from London England. He is most well known for his Deeper Substance parties and currently runs the record label Deeper Substance Records. He is currently working on an album and mix compilation project with Omid 16B and Desyn Masiello.Demi was originally interested in hip hop until he discovered house music in 1997. Demi's first gig came in 2000 at a beach in Bali Indonesia where he played to a crowd of 1500 people.
 Marjorie Lewty née Lobb (b. 8 April 1906 in Wallasey Cheshire England UK – d. 21 January 2002) was a British writer of short stories and over 45 romance novels from 1958 to 1999 to Mills & Boon.
 John Richard de Capel Wise (1831–1 April 1890) was a writer and natural historian. Although he wrote on Shakespeare and other subjects his most successful work was his 1862 book The New Forest: its History and its Scenery which describes the scenery the natural history the antiquities and the dialect of the New Forest in Hampshire England.
 Olwen Wymark (14 February 1932 – 14 June 2013) was an American writer and playwright.
 Pascal Nemirovski (born 1962) is a French pianist. In 1981 he was admitted to The Juilliard School on full scholarship (Steinway & Freundlich Fund) and studied with Nadia Reisenberg pupil of Josef Hoffman and Adele Marcus pupil of Josef Lhevinne.As a pedagogue he enjoys an international reputation presenting master classes throughout the world and is often a jury member at international piano competitions.
 Gary Hailes (born 4 November 1965 in London) is an English actor.During the 1980s he starred in several successful television series including Woodentop Grange Hill and the BBC soap opera EastEnders where he played Barry Clark from 1986-89. Hailes' character was notable for being one half of the soap's first gay couple introduced as the partner of the yuppie graphic designer Colin Russell (played by Michael Cashman).
 Yoshifumi Tajima (4 August 1918 – 10 September 2009) was an actor in Japanese Kaijū films best known for his role as Kumayama in Mothra vs. Godzilla. He was born in Kobe Japan.
 Cornelis Vreeswijk (About this sound Swedish pronunciation  About this sound Dutch pronunciation ) (8 August 1937 – 12 November 1987) was a singer-songwriter poet and actor born in IJmuiden in the Netherlands.He emigrated to Sweden with his parents in 1949 at the age of twelve. He was educated as a social worker and hoped to become a journalist but became increasingly involved in music performing at events for students.
 Brett Kull (born July 6 1966 in West Point Pennsylvania) is an American rock and pop multi-instrumentalist singer songwriter composer and record producer best known for his work with the progressive rock group Echolyn.
 Benny Reid is a jazz musician and saxophonist who records for the independent record label Concord Music Group on their Concord Records label. He has released two albums.
 DJ Puzzle (real name Jason Donnelly) is a Los Angeles-based American DJ music producer remixer and musician. He founded and manages Peace Love Productions a producer of royalty free sounds for loop based music software.
 Jelena Karleuša Tošić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јелена Карлеуша Тошић; born 17 August 1978) professionally known under her maiden name Jelena Karleuša and initials JK is a Serbian pop singer and former columnist. She rose to fame with her debut turbo-folk album Ogledalce (1995) and has since gained popularity in all of the former Yugoslavia. She is married to football player Duško Tošić with whom she has two daughters.
 Moisés Moleiro (1904–1979) was a Venezuelan pianist and composer. He was born in 1904 and studied under Salvador Llamozas. Moleiro founded the Orfeón Lamas and taught piano at the Caracas Musical Declamation Academy (today the Escuela de Música José Ángel Lamas). His works have been performed in the United States Europe and across Latin America. One of his most popular compositions is the Joropo a piano take on Venezuela's folkloric music. He died in 1979.
 Rufus Arthur Johnson (born July 5 1976) better known by his stage name Bizarre is an American rapper best known for his work with Detroit-based hip hop group D12.
 Tom Smith is a singer-songwriter from Ann Arbor Michigan who got his start in the filk music community. He is a fourteen-time winner of the Pegasus Award for excellence in filking including awards for his A Boy and His Frog 307 Ale and The Return of the King (Uh-huh) and was inducted into the Filk Hall of Fame in 2005.
 John Thomas Young Gilroy (30 May 1898 – 11 April 1985) was an English artist and illustrator best known for his advertising posters for Guinness the Irish stout.
 Angelo Albanesi (late 18th century) was an Italian engraver.He is known for etchings of architectural ruins in and near Rome and a series of engravings of nymphs after Angelica Kauffman published in London in 1784. He also engraved some portraits.
 Neil Mossey is a British comedy writer and television producer.His credits include Bounty Hamster (ITV1) My Parents Are Aliens (ITV1) The RDA with John Gordillo (BBC Choice) and RI:SE (Channel 4).His radio credits include It's That Jo Caulfield Again
 Evelyne Axell (16 August 1935 – 10 September 1972) was a Belgian Pop painter. She is best known for her psychedelic erotic paintings of female nudes and self-portraits on plexiglas that blend the hedonistic and Pop impulses of the 1960s.
 Richard Eugene Dick Glasser (December 8 1933 – July 10 2000) was a singer songwriter and record producer.
 William Earl Johns (5 February 1893 – 21 June 1968) was an English pilot and writer of adventure stories usually written under the pen name Captain W. E. Johns although he never held that rank. He is best remembered as the creator of the ace pilot and adventurer Biggles.
 Darren Knott also known as DK is a British disc jockey and record producer on the Ninja Tune independent record label.DK began working for Ninja Tune performing remixes of Coldcut's track Timber (1998).In 2001 along with DJ Food he released the first album in the Solid Steel mix series Solid Steel Presents: Now Listen! and the most recent Solid Steel Presents: Now Listen Again!.He has toured with Coldcut Kid Koala and DJ Food members PC and Strictly Kev.
 Dave Knudson (born October 13 1976) plays guitar with Seattle based indie band Minus the Bear and was previously the guitarist for mathcore band Botch. Other credits include additional guitars on These Arms Are Snakes' album Oxeneers or The Lion Sleeps When Its Antelope Go Home.
 Kim Jong-hae (born July 23 1941) is a Korean author ex-sailor and publisher.
 Doug Tielli is a Canadian musician based in Toronto Ontario Canada and is currently a member of The Silt.He has been involved in a number of other musical projects such as People from Earth Rock Plaza Central Snailhouse Tamara Williamson CLARK the band Everybody Get Sick Lenin I Shumov The Draperies Metal Kites and The Reveries.He is brother to fellow Canadian musicians John and Martin Tielli.
 Matt Kindt (born 1973) is an American comic book writer artist and graphic designer.
 Leon Russell (born Claude Russell Bridges April 2 1942) is an American musician and songwriter who has recorded as a session musician sideman and maintained a solo career in music.
 Benjamin Miller (born May 5 1983) better known by his stage name Wrekonize is an American underground rapper and current member of Miami band ¡Mayday!. He is currently signed to Tech N9ne's Strange Music record label.
 Christopher Waters Dunn (born in San Antonio Texas) is an American country music singer and songwriter known professionally as Chris Waters. The brother of singer Holly Dunn Waters has co-written singles for other artists including Number Ones for Tim McGraw and Cyndi Thomson.
 Siw Siwan Gunnel Margareta Malmkvist (born 31 December 1936) is a Swedish singer who has been popular in Scandinavia and West Germany. She had a number one hit in West Germany in 1964 with Liebeskummer lohnt sich nicht (English: Lovesickness is Not Worthwhile) and on 18 July 1964 she became the first Swede to have a hit on the US Billboard chart when Sole Sole Sole a duet with Italian singer Umberto Marcato enters the chart.
 Bill Swan (born January 25 1939) is a Canadian children's author living in Courtice Ontario. He teaches writing-related courses online and works as a communications consultant. Bill Swan was college administrator and journalism professor at Durham College in Oshawa Ontario. He was a newspaper editor and columnist. He studied at the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston Ontario.
 Karen Joy Morris (born 2 June 1970) better known as Karen Mok or Mok Man-wai among Chinese-speaking communities is a three-time Golden Melody Award-winning Hong Kong actress and singer-songwriter.
 Bill Douglas (born November 7 1944) is a Canadian musician composer pianist and bassoonist whose works received influence from classical music jazz African Brazilian and Indian music 1970s funk and many other genres.He has toured and recorded for thirty years with clarinetist Richard Stoltzman.
 Torrance Esmond better known by the professional name Street Symphony is an American record producer and music executive from Memphis Tennessee.
 Robyn Rowan Hitchcock (born 3 March 1953) is an English singer-songwriter and guitarist. While primarily a vocalist and guitarist he also plays harmonica piano and bass guitar.Coming to prominence in the late 1970s with The Soft Boys Hitchcock afterward launched a prolific solo career. His musical and lyrical styles have been influenced by the likes of Bob Dylan John Lennon and Syd Barrett.
 Gail Tremblay (born 1945) is a Mi'kmaq and Onondaga writer and artist.
 Anna Margolin (Yiddish: אַננאַ מאַרגאָליו) is the pen name of Rosa Harning Lebensboym (1887–1952) a twentieth century Jewish Russian-American Yiddish language poet.Born in Brest Belarus then part of the Russian Empire she was educated up to secondary school level where she studied Hebrew. She first went to New York in 1906 and permanently settled there in 1913. Most of her poetry was written there.
 Sandrine Kiberlain (born 25 February 1968 in Boulogne-Billancourt) is a French actress and singer. She has often worked with the director Laetitia Masson and has also worked with Benoît Jacquot.Kiberlain received the Prix Romy Schneider in 1995. In addition to her acting career she also has recorded an album (Manquait plus qu'ça released in 2005) which has been well received in France.
 Alyson Renae Aly Michalka (/mɪˈʃɑːkə/; born March 25 1989) is an American actress and recording artist. Michalka gained fame for playing the role of Keely Teslow in the Disney Channel original series Phil of the Future. She is also known for her roles as Marti Perkins in the CW television drama Hellcats Taylor Callum in the Disney Channel Original Movie Cow Belles and Rhiannon Abernathy in the Golden Globe-nominated teen film Easy A.
 Onyebuchi Ojieh known by his stage name Buchi (born April 4 1979) is a Nigerian comedian composer writer and actor from Delta State Nigeria.
 Greg Cartwright also known by his stage name Greg Oblivian (born March 18 1972) is an American singer songwriter and guitarist from Memphis Tennessee. He currently fronts Reigning Sound and lives in Asheville North Carolina. He is a founding member of the Memphis '90s garage bands The Compulsive Gamblers The Oblivians and Greg Oblivian & the Tip Tops.
 Indra Bahadur Rai (Nepali: ईन्द्र बहादुर राई) is a Nepali writer and literary critic from Darjeeling. Being one of the most well-known modern authors of Nepali literature his major works are included on the syllabus of many universities for those studying Nepali in India. He has been an active writer for a span over 60 years and is the receiver of the Sahitya Akademi Award Jagadambashri Puraskar and Agam Singh Giri Smriti Puraskar.
 Nader Anwar Gaber (Arabic: : نادر أنور جابر‎) (born 1968) is an Egyptian singer. He grew up and lived in Cairo. Since he was young he developed a passion for music and especially for singing. He had to struggle long to prove himself as an artist. His first opportunity came when a unanimous producer helped him to record his song ‘Elostah’.
 Charles Edward Cow Cow Davenport (April 23 1894 – December 3 1955) was an American boogie-woogie and piano blues player as well as a vaudeville entertainer. He also played the organ and sang.
 Robert Pérez Palou known as Robert Perez (born March 21 1948) is a Spanish portrait painter.
 Calle Kristiansson (born July 5 1988 Kristianstad) is a Swedish singer who came first runner-up in Idol 2009 after the winner Erik Grönwall.
 Lal Singh Dil (Punjabi ਲਾਲ ਸਿੰਘ ਦਿਲ)(11 April 1943 – 14 August 2007) was one of the major revolutionary Punjabi poets emerging out of the Naxalite (Maoist-Leninist) Movement in the Indian Punjab towards the late sixties of the 20th century. The Movement was a political failure and died down quickly but it brought in revolutionary changes in the subject matter language and idiom tone and tenor of Punjabi poetry. Referring to the impact of the Naxalite Movement in Punjab Paramjit S.
 Abani Chakravarty (or Chakraborty Assamese: অৱনী চক্ৰৱৰ্তী) was one of the best known Assamese humanitarian poets of the late twentieth century Assamese literature. Apart from original poetry his works included two novelettes and translations of the third-world poetry. Chakravarty was born in Nalbari district of Assam India on 3 January 1941. Abani started contributing to the Assamese literature prolifically in the 1960s and continued to do so until 1990's.
 Tara Hunt (born in Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada) is an author speaker and startup founder. She has been called a pioneer in online marketing and one of the most respected authorities on online communities.
 Everton Blender (b. November 21 1954) Everton Dennis Williams in Clarendon Jamaica) is an award-winning reggae singer and producer known for his smooth crooning tenor vocals up-tempo arrangements and spiritually uplifting themes successfully bridging the gap between roots reggae and dancehall.
 Chris Spedding (born Peter Robinson 17 June 1944) is an English rock and roll and jazz guitarist best known for his session work. Allmusic states - Spedding is one of the UK's most versatile session guitarists and has had a long career on two continents that saw him tackle nearly every style of rock and roll as well as sporadically attempting a solo career.
 Bernardo Neumann (born 1953 in Colonia San Alberto Misiones Province Argentina) is a painter and plastic artist.Neumann began to show his work steadily in both group and solo shows in Chile Brasil Paraguay Cuba Japan England Switzerland Netherlands France Germany Romania and Indonesia.
 Donald Douglas Harington (December 22 1935 – November 7 2009) was an American author. All but the first of his novels either take place in or have an important connection to Stay More a fictional Ozark Mountains town based somewhat on Drakes Creek Arkansas where Harington spent summers as a child.Harington was born and raised in Little Rock Arkansas. He lost nearly all of his hearing at age 12 due to meningitis.
 Darius Campbell (born Darius Campbell-Danesh 19 August 1980) also known professionally either as Darius Danesh or Darius is a Scottish platinum-selling singer-songwriter a West End stage actor an operatic baritone an author and an Ambassador for The Prince's Trust.He performed the role of Billy Flynn in the West End production of Chicago the youngest ever to play that part in two runs of the musical.
 Nicholas Glyn Paul Nicky Gumbel (born 28 April 1955) is an ordained Anglican priest vicar and author. He is known as the developer of the Alpha course a basic introduction to Christianity supported by churches of many Christian traditions.
 Michael Kohler is a composer music producer and sound engineer who has composed music for numerous television shows commercials and promos since 1993. A large number of his compositions have been created for commercials and promos for Cartoon Network and its spinoff network Boomerang. He has also done compositions for Nickelodeon Toon Disney and E!.Kohler was the lead music producer and sound engineer for the series Adult Swim series Harvey Birdman Attorney at Law 12 Oz.
 Xu Jingcheng also known as Hsu Ching Cheng simplified Chinese: 许景澄; traditional Chinese: 許景澄; pinyin: Xu Jingcheng; Wade–Giles: Hsü Ching-ch'eng; 1845 – 28 July 1900) was a Chinese diplomat and Qing politician supportive of the Hundred Days' Reform. He was envoy to Belgium France Italy Russia Austria the Netherlands and Germany for the Qing imperial court and led reforms in modernizing China's railways and public works.
 Grzegorz Rosiński (born August 3 1941) is a Polish comic book artist. He is best known for providing the artwork for the series Thorgal.
 Homayoun Khorram (Persian: همایون خرم‎) (June 30 1930 – January 17 2013) was an Iranian musician composer violinist and a member of the high council of Iran's house of music.Khorram began his music career as a violinist at the age of 10 by participating in master Abolhassan Saba violin and Radif classes.
 Jack Venice (born Christopher Jack Reid on February 25 1982 in Texas) is a former American pornographic actor. He started his pornographic career around the age of 22 and he has appeared in over 300 adult films. He has worked with Shane's World Penthouse New Sensations Brazzers and many other Adult Film production houses.
 Paul Kelly (born 1957) is an Irish multi-instrumentalist musician from Tallaght in Dublin Ireland. He has played Irish traditional music bluegrass and country and is equally at home in a variety of different styles of music.
 Sir John Royden Maddox FRS (27 November 1925 – 12 April 2009) was a British science writer. He was an editor of Nature for 22 years from 1966–1973 and 1980-1995.
 Isidro Chávez Espinoza (born Angostura Sinaloa Mexico 29 October 1981) better known as Espinoza Paz is a Latin Grammy Award-nominated Mexican musician and composer of Mexican Regional music.
 Dynamite MC (born Dominic Smith 7 October 1973 Germany) is an MC from Gloucester England. He originally gained prominence in jungle/drum and bass working with Roni Size and Reprazent but has also released hip hop material.
 Georgios Kalafatis (Greek: Γεώργιος Καλαφάτης Italian: Giorgio Calafatti Latin: Georgius Calafattus; ca. 1652 – ca. 9 February 1720) was a Greek professor of theoretical and practical medicine who was largely active in Padua and Venice in the 17th-century Italian Renaissance.
 Mariama (born 1986 as Mariama Jalloh in Freetown Sierra Leone) is a singer-songwriter of Sierra Leonian birth who lives in Cologne Germany. Her first name means 'Gods Gift'.
 Gaetano Fanti (1687 - 1759) was an Italian fresco painter.In 1715 Fanti was appointed by Prince Eugene of Savoy in Vienna. Together with figure painters such as Johann Michael Rottmayr Paul Troger and Bartolomeo Altomonte he was involved in major frescoes. He is particularly noted for his work in Austria including at the Karlskirche the Melk Abbey the Belvedere Palace and the Klosterneuburg Monastery.
 Bethany Campbell and Lisa Harris are pen-names of Sally McCluskey an American writer of romance novels.
 Zoë Keating (born February 2 1972) is a Canadian-born cellist and composer based in San Francisco California.
 Sly Stone (born Sylvester Stewart March 15 1943 Denton Texas) is an American musician songwriter and record producer most famous for his role as frontman for Sly and the Family Stone a band which played a critical role in the development of soul funk and psychedelia in the 1960s and '70s. In 1993 he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
 Samuel Bak (born 12 August 1933) is a Jewish painter and writer who survived the Holocaust.
 Carl Espen (born 15 July 1982) is a Norwegian singer and songwriter who will represent Norway in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014. He is performing his song Silent Storm.
 Solveig Ternström (born July 17 1937 in Stockholm) is a Swedish actress and was Centre Party politician. She was a member of the Riksdag between 2006 and 2010. She is very negative to nuclear power and left the centre party because she was disappointed to them regarding their updated politics about nuclear power.
 Molly Rachel Jenson (born March 20 1979) is a singer/songwriter from San Diego California.
 Arthur Walcott (1857-1934) was a British actor of the silent era.
 Travis Charest (born 1969) is a Canadian comic book penciller inker and painter known for his work on such books as Darkstars WildC.A.T.s Grifter/Shi WildC.A.T.s/X-Men: The Golden Age and The Metabarons. He is known for his detailed line work and muted color pallet and is a much sought-after cover artist having done extensive cover work for many other books such as various Star Wars series from Dark Horse Comics.
 JJ Valaya (born October 8 1967) is a noted Indian fashion designer and couturier from New Delhi India. He founded the House of Valaya a luxury fashion and lifestyle house in 1992 along with his brother TJ Singh. A founding member of Fashion Design Council of India FDCI and the first global brand ambassador of Crystal giant Swarovski he has been designing for men and women and has bridal and evening collections in addition to day-wear and ready-to-wear for over 20 years.
 Sibille Attar (born 27 November 1981 in Örebro Sweden) is a Swedish singer and songwriter of French origin. She released her EP The Flower's Bed on Stranded record label in 2012 which earned her a nomination for Best Newcomer the same year during the Swedish Grammis event. It was followed by her debut album Sleepyhead in 2013 also on Stranded label. Come Night cowritten by Attar Mark Ephraim and Björn Yttling is the first single from the album.
 Matt Frey is a musician from Huntington Beach CA. He was born in Anaheim CA. He is currently the touring keyboardist for the Nickelodeon act Big Time Rush. He was a member in the short-lived LA quartet Polus as well as Las Vegas group Parade of Lights. He has performed with Thirty Seconds to Mars in various European cities and at the My Coke Fest in South Africa. Most recently he completed the Better with U Tour as a member of the Big Time Rush Backing Band.
 Jim Post (born October 28 1939 in Houston Texas) is an American folk singer-songwriter composer playwright and actor. In 1968 his pop song Reach out of the Darkness charted on the Billboard Hot 100 for 14 weeks peaking at number 10.
 Aseel Omran (Arabic: أسيل عمران‎) is a Saudi Arabian singer who rose to fame not only in Saudi Arabia but also in other countries in the Middle East when she entered the reality show Gulf Stars and Heya wa Huwa which means Her and Him. She has signed into Rotana the Arab World's largest record label.Aseel Omran was born on November 12 1989 in Khobar She is from Qatif her family moved to Khobar because her father was working in Military service .
 Brad Troemel (born 1987) is an American artist writer and blogger and instructor based in New York. Troemel is most well known for his development of the Tumblr website The Jogging which has received attention for its work in New media art and Microblogging.
 Narimi Arimori (有森 也実 Arimori Narimi born 10 December 1967 in Yokohama Japan) is a Japanese actress.
 DeStorm Power (pronounced day·storm) is an American YouTube personality musician comedian and motivational speaker. He is the 376st most subscribed user. His channel DeStorm has more than 250 videos which together have been watched more than 204 million times and have earned the channel over 1.6 million subscribers.
 Mme Sicard (first name unknown fl. 1678) was the daughter and pupil of Jean Sicard. Jean dedicated his 12th book to her and she wrote airs for a number of his publications including one in the 12th book three in the 13th and one each in the 14th and 16th. She is credited as the first published woman composer in France followed closely by the renowned Elisabeth Jacquet de La Guerre.
 Derek Trucks is an American guitarist songwriter and founder of the Grammy Award winning The Derek Trucks Band. He became an official member of The Allman Brothers Band in 1999 and formed the Tedeschi Trucks Band in 2010 with his wife Susan Tedeschi. His musical style encompasses several genres and he has twice appeared on Rolling Stone's list of 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time.
 David Rorie MDCM DPH (1867 - 18 February 1946) was a doctor folklorist and poet writing in his native language Scots.
 Brian Murphy (born 1959) is the U.S. religion editor at the Associated Press and the author of a number of non-fiction books on religion including The New Men a chronicle of American seminarians in Rome and The Root of Wild Madder about the carpet trade in Iran and Afghanistan. He is a graduate of Boston College where he was an editor of The Heights.Prior to his appointment as U.S. religion editor in 2006 Murphy covered religion internationally for the AP.
 Chin Shunshin or Chen Shunchen (陳 舜臣 born February 18 1924) is a Taiwanese-Japanese novelist translator and cultural critic. He is best known for his historical fictions and mystery novels including First Opium War Chinese History Ryukyu Wind.
 Thomasina Winslow is an American blues musician from the Albany New York area and the daughter of folk musician Tom Winslow. As a toddler she sang back-up on her father's folk music classic Hey Looka Yonder (It's The Clearwater); also singing a solo version of One-Two-Three another version of which she produced on her own 30 years later. In addition to her solo career Winslow has been a member of four bands including a duo with Nick Katzman.
 Tim Feehan (born April 27 1957 in Edmonton Alberta) is a Canadian singer-songwriter producer LA area studio owner and mix master.
 Kyle Jones (born in Camden New Jersey) better known as Scratch is an American hip hop artist. He is a MC who specializes in beatboxing or vocal percussion. He is best known as a former member of Grammy Award-winning band The Roots.
 Valery Yakovlevich Tarsis (Russian: Вале́рий Я́ковлевич Та́рсис; 23 September [O.S. 10 September] 1906 – 4 March 1983) was a Russian writer literary critic and translator. He was highly critical of the communist regime.
 Tim Yatras is an Australian musician and composer best known as one half of the now defunct black metal duo Austere and the creator of the black metal/rock/trance act Germ.
 Joe Junior (Real name Jose Maria Rodrigues Jr.) is a popular Hong Kong English pop singer from Hong Kong during the 1960s. He has since been in a number of TVB drama series in the 1990s and 2000s playing older character roles. Joe Junior is his stage name. Regularly appeared on TV music programs as host and as performer.
 Peredur Wyn ap Gwynedd is a Welsh guitarist. He was born and raised in South Wales and currently resides in London. His brother Rheinallt ap Gwynedd was the bassist for the band Apollo 440 and his sister Llinor ap Gwynedd is an actress. Ap Gwynedd was a judge on Welsh talent show Waw Ffactor having been the guitarist with acts such as Natalie Imbruglia Norman Cook Sophie Ellis Bextor and Mylène Farmer.
 Jun (stylized as JUN born in Kobe Hyōgo) is a Japanese visual kei rock musician and singer-songwriter. He is currently the sole member of Spiv States (stylized as SPIV STATES and previously as spiv states). Previously he was in the bands Se'lavy Mar'derayla and Phantasmagoria and released solo material under the alias Attic (stylized as attic) and under his own name.
 Rex Nelon (January 19 1932 - January 24 2000) was one of the senior statesmen in the field of Southern Gospel music. His career spanned over 40 years of singing gospel music as well as being an outstanding music publisher.
 Robert Bechtle is an American painter born in San Francisco California on May 14 1932.
 Takayuki Inoue (井上隆之 Inoue Takayuki) is a Japanese voice actor who voices various anime characters.
 Gabe Lopez is an American pop-rock singer/songwriter and producer. He is of Mexican and Irish descent.
 Frank Adams (1914 – 1987) was an American artist. Starting as an engineering draftsman during World War II he was known for book illustrations cartoons and paintings. ([1]).Adams is noted for The Home Front first published in 1944. The book is filled with cartoons capturing the can-do spirit of men and women often working side by side for the war effort—welding riviting riding around on fork lifts.
 Boris (real name : Philippe Dhondt born on May 19 1965 in Roubaix France) is a French singer songwriter composer and radio host on Radio Galaxie (a radio in Nord-Pas-de-Calais).
 Herbert Dickens Ryman (June 28 1910 – February 10 1989) was an artist and Disney Imagineer who worked in watercolor oils and pen & ink sketches. He was a personal friend of Walt Disney and was called upon to help the Walt Disney Studios (Burbank) on many special projects over a five decade span. Ryman went to work for Disney in 1938 when such full-length animated films as Pinocchio (1940 film) Dumbo Fantasia (film) and others were in the planning stages.
 Frank Weyzig is a Dutch producer composer and band member known for his contribution to the original Clan of Xymox and his work for indie new wave band Born For Bliss. More recently Weyzig is involved with Vaselyne White Rose Transmission and Stargazing Project. In January 2011 Weyzig founded Turmoil Music a new music platform for Independent Artists.
 Chris Malinchak (born 1987) is an American DJ and record producer best known for his debut single So Good to Me which was released on 5 May 2013 in the United Kingdom. The song was endorsed by the likes of Adele Tom Odell Pete Tong Annie Mac and Zane Lowe.
 Rebecca D. Costa' is an American sociobiologist author and radio host She is best known for her controversial book The Watchman's Rattle which offers an evolutionary explanation for modern problems such as government gridlock terrorism obesity the decline in education violence etc.
 Yumiko Kawahara (川原 由美子 Kawahara Yumiko born 20 February 1960 in Hakodate Hokkaido Japan) is a Japanese shōjo manga artist. She made her professional debut in 1978 with Kotchi muite Marie!! in the weekly Shōjo Comic for which she won a Shogakukan New Artist Award. In 1986 she received the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo for Zenryaku: Milk House (前略・ミルクハウス). She is best known in the United States as the author of Dolls which was licensed by Viz Media.
 Atsushi Harada (原田篤) (July 19 1978 in Handa Aichi) is a Japanese actor in Tokusatsu genre but also does anime voices. He is best known for being Kamen Rider Delta in Kamen Rider 555 and Shou Tatsumi/Go Green in the 1999 Super Sentai Series Kyuukyuu Sentai GoGo-V and reprised his role in the Sentai Teamup Special Timeranger vs. GoGo-V and Gokaiger.
 Neil McMahon (born 1949) is the author of ten novels as well as a collaboration with James Patterson—Toys—which was a New York Times #1 Bestseller. He has written two series: the Carroll Monks books (Twice Dying Blood Double To The Bone Revolution No. 9) and the Hugh Davoren books (Lone Creek Dead Silver).
 Onome Onokohwomo (born July 8 1989) better known by his stage name Yung6ix is a Nigerian rapper and hip hop recording artist.
 Gyula Kosice born Fernando Fallik (April 26 1924) in Košice (Slovakia) is a naturalized Argentine sculptor plastic artist theoretician and poet one of the most important figures in kinetic and luminal art and luminance vanguard.He used his natal city name as artist name. He was one of the precursors of abstract and non-figurative art in Latin America. He used for the first time in international art scene water and neon gas as part of an artwork.
 Burton L. Cummings OC OM (born December 31 1947 in Winnipeg Manitoba) is a Canadian musician and songwriter.He was the lead singer and frequent keyboardist for the Canadian rock band The Guess Who.
 Marina Ivanovna Tsvetaeva (Russian: Мари́на Ива́новна Цвета́ева IPA: [mɐˈrʲinə ɪˈvanəvnə tsvʲɪˈtaɪvə]; 8 October [O.S. 26 September] 1892 – 31 August 1941) was a Russian and Soviet poet. Her work is considered among some of the greatest in twentieth century Russian literature. She lived through and wrote of the Russian Revolution of 1917 and the Moscow famine that followed it.
 Jeremy Adelman is a multi-instrumentalist music producer and award-winning composer and songwriter for film and television. He is primarily known as the composer and songwriter for prime-time CW TV series Hart of Dixie starring Rachel Bilson.
 Samantha Jade Gibbs (born 18 April 1987) known as Samantha Jade is an Australian singer-songwriter actress and former child model from Perth Western Australia. She has written tracks for artists including JoJo and Ashley Tisdale. On 20 November 2012 Jade won the fourth series of The X Factor (Australia) the first female to win the Australian series.
 Aristotle Dreher is an American artist songwriter/musician and photographer from Bay Shore New York. He is known as a founding member and bass player for the band Vaeda. He is currently playing bass in the band Cage 9 previous bands include Vaeda former Size 14 Bassist Robt Ptak's band The Bastard Kings Of Rock . His unique musical techniques stem from his artistic ingenuity.
 Guilloume Perez-Zapata (born July 2 1957 in Medellín Antioquia) is a Colombian minimalist artist self-described master of Bolismo. His work has been noted by a magazine covering North America's Southwest. He is known primarily for his sculpting and painting.
 Dora Venter is the pseudonym of the Hungarian pornographic film actress Melinda Gál.She was born October 1 1976 near Salgótarján (Hungary). She moved to Budapest and studied to be a nurse receiving her CCRN (critical care registered nurse) certificate in 1998. She auditioned for pornography in late April 1999 and shot her first films several weeks afterwards her second at the Cannes Hot D'Or.
 Hamin Ahmed (Bengali: হামিন আহমেদ) is a Bangladeshi musician. He is a member of the rock band Miles.
 Peter Krause is an American illustrator and comic book artist. He is best known for his work on various DC Comics titles most notably the Superman-related titles and a three-year run on The Power of Shazam! with Captain Marvel and the Marvel Family.
 Benjamin Thomas Ben Willbond (born 18 January 1973) is an English comedian and actor with numerous credits in television radio and film.
 Robert Mark Altman (born October 1944) is an American photographer. Altman attended Hunter College at the City University of New York. After graduation Altman was taught photography by Ansel Adams.He was soon hired as a photojournalist by Rolling Stone magazine. Following his early success as chief staff photographer for Rolling Stone he expanded into fashion photography and fine art. He became a television producer/director for KEMO-TV an independent station in the San Francisco Bay Area.
 Victor Lardent (1905–1968) was a British advertising designer and draftsman at The Times London. He created the font Times New Roman under the direction of Stanley Morison in 1932.
 Ahmed Bukhatir (Arabic: أحمد بوخاطر ‎) (born 16 October 1975) is an Emirati Nasheed singer. He is the only Nasheed singer from the UAE to ever top a Virgin music chart.
 Jan Cornelis Hofman alias Jean Hofman is a Dutch Post-Impressionnist Art Painter born on April 12 1889 in Nieuwer-Amstel (the Netherlands) died April 30 1966 in Schaerbeek - Brussels (Belgium).
 Benedetto Luti (17 November 1666 – 17 June 1724) was an Italian painter.
 Richard Barth (5 June 1850 Grosswanzleben Saxony – 25 December 1923 Magdeburg) was a left-handed German violin virtuoso conductor music teacher and composer in the circle of Johannes Brahms. His Ciacona in B minor Op. 21 composed in 1908 is a finely crafted tribute to J.S. Bach's Chaconne in post-Paganini technical and tonal terms.
 James (Joseph) Hanley (3 September 1897 – 11 November 1985) was a British novelist and playwright of Irish descent.
 Nnedi Okorafor (full name: Nnedimma Nkemdili Okorafor (also previously known as Nnedi Okorafor-Mbachu) is a Nigerian-American writer of fantasy science fiction and speculative fiction.
 József Borovnyák or Borovnják (Slovene: Jožef Borovnjak; 1826 – 19 September 1909) was a Slovene or Prekmurian writer politician and Roman Catholic priest in Hungary.Borovnják was born in the village of Ivanócz (later Alsószentbenedek Slovenian Ivanovci). His family was originally Protestant. His father converted to Catholicism.Borovnják first served as a priest from 1851 to 1852 at the Istvánfalvian Church in the village of Apátistvánfalva (Vas Country).
 Hachidai Nakamura (中村 八大 Nakamura Hachidai January 20 1931 – June 10 1992) was a Japanese songwriter and jazz pianist.
 Andrea Hollander (Budy) (born April 28 1947 Berlin Germany) is an American poet. Her most recent poetry collection is Woman in the Painting (Autumn House Press 2006). Her work appeared in Poetry The Georgia Review The Gettysburg Review New Letters FIELD Five Points Shenandoah and Creative Nonfiction. She was raised in Colorado Texas New York and New Jersey and educated at Boston University and the University of Colorado. She is writer-in-residence at Lyon College.
 Seonna Hong is a contemporary Los Angeles-based artist working in the genre known as lowbrow or alternatively pop surrealism. Her work as a background painter has appeared in animation for television and motion pictures most notably in the Nickelodeon (TV channel) series My Life as a Teenage Robot for which she received an Emmy Award in 2003.Her paintings have appeared in exhibitions in Los Angeles New York the Pacific Northwest and Tokyo Japan.
 Assol Katerina Igorivna Gumenyuk Ukrainian Катерина Ігорівна Гуменюк) (born July 4 1994 in Kiev Ukraine) is a popular child singer from Donetsk Ukraine. She released her first album in 2002 at seven years of age.
 Saori Oguri (小栗 左多里 Oguri Saori born December 10 1966) is a Japanese manga artist born in Gifu Prefecture Japan. She is a graduate of Tama Art University where she studied graphic design.
 Apollon Nikolayevich Maykov (or Maikov) (Russian: Аполло́н Никола́евич Ма́йков June 4 [O.S. May 23] 1821 Moscow – March 20 [O.S. March 8] 1897 Saint Petersburg) was a Russian poet best known for his lyric verse showcasing images of Russian villages nature and Russian history. His love for ancient Greece and Rome which he studied for much of his life is also reflected in his works.
 Mark Gimenez is an author and lawyer from Texas. He specializes in the thriller genre writing especially legal thrillers. His first novel The Color of Law was a New York Times bestseller. He also runs his own solo law practice.
 Kazuo Hirotsu (広津 和郎 Hirotsu Kazuo 5 December 1891 – 21 September 1968) was a Japanese novelist literary critic and translator active in the Shōwa period.
 [verb]swish is a British lyricist poet and educator from South London.
 Joshua Ortega (born 1974) is an author and journalist best known for his novel Frequencies as well as his comic book and graphic novel work on entertainment properties such as Star Wars Spider-Man Batman Star Trek The Escapist and The Necromancer.
 Ian Villafana (born February 26 1957 in Trinidad and Tobago) is a smooth jazz guitarist recording artist and songwriter. Villafana currently resides in southern Louisiana near the city of New Orleans.As the son of a Trinidadian pianist Villafana was introduced to many styles and genres of music at a young age. His influences ranged from the Beatles to George Benson. He learned from renowned local artists such as Clive Zanda Len 'Boogsie' Sharpe Raf Robertson Earl Rodney and Toby Tobias.
 Chopy Fatah (Kurdish:Çopî Fetah / چۆپی فەتاح Arabic: جوبي فتاح) is a contemporary Kurdish singer. She was born in Kirkuk Iraq in 1983. Her family emigrated to the Netherlands in 1988. She released her first album titled Çît Naw Binêm in 2003.
 José Gervasio Viera Rodríguez (27 February 1948 – 28 October 1990) also simply known as Gervasio was an Uruguayan singer who achieved popularity in Chile in 1983 when he won the international competition of the Viña del Mar International Song Festival with the song Alma Corazón y Pan. One of Gervasio's most famous compositions is Con Una Pala y Un Sombrero which he wrote in honour of his father who died of lung cancer.
 Ira Lonnie Loudermilk (April 21 1924 – June 20 1965) known professionally as Ira Louvin was an American country music singer mandolinist and songwriter. He was a cousin of songwriter John D. Loudermilk.
 Shelby Earl is an American singer-songwriter and musician based in Seattle WA. Earl's first solo album Burn the Boats was produced by John Roderick (featuring members of Telekinesis The Long Winters Fleet Foxes and more) and released on Local 638 Records (owned and operated by Visqueen's Rachel Flotard).
 Mark Kelson (born 7 March 1976) is a Melbourne born musician best known for his work as a member of The Eternal (2002–2011) and Cryptal Darkness (1995–2002).
 Andrea Vinai (Pienvignale near Mondovì in Piedmont 1824–1893) was an Italian painter.
 Kaitarō Hasegawa (長谷川海太郎 Hasegawa Kaitarō 17 January 1900 - 29 June 1935) was a novelist in the early Shōwa period Japan. He wrote under three different pen names each with a unique personality and caused a sensation with the sheer brilliance of his fiction non-fiction and translations.
 Miroslav Wanek (born April 7 1962) is a Czech poet musician and lyricist. He is the frontman for the avant garde punk rock group Už Jsme Doma in which he has served as the lead singer and bandleader since 1986 the bassist from 1986–1988 the guitarist and keyboardist since 1988 major composer and co-composer from 1986–2001 and the only composer since 2001. Prior to Už Jsme Doma he played bass and sang in the Czech punk rock group FPB (Fourth Price Band) from 1981–1985.
 Hermann Mejía (born 1973) is a Venezuelan-born New York based Plastic Artist. He is a painter and sculptor that has forayed very successfully into illustration living in Brooklyn. His illustrations frequently appeared in MAD Magazine.
 Bapi Tutul are a Hindi film composer duo consisting of Bapi and his younger brother Tutal. They have written the scores for films such as Sarkar Sarkar Raj Khosla Ka Ghosla and many more.
 Bilinda Jayne Butcher (born 16 September 1961) is an English musician and singer-songwriter best known as the vocalist and guitarist for the alternative rock band My Bloody Valentine.
 Walter Walt Simonson (born September 2 1946) is an American comic book writer and artist. After studying geology at Amherst College he transferred to the Rhode Island School of Design graduating in 1972. His thesis project there was The Star Slammers which was published as a black and white promotional comic book for the 1974 World Science Fiction Convention in Washington D.C. (DisCon II). In 1983 he produced another version of the story in graphic novel form for Marvel Comics.
 Freddy Kempf (born 1977) is a British pianist born in Croydon to a German father and a Japanese mother. He now lives in Berlin.
 Henry Scarpelli (1930 – April 4 2010) was an American comic book artist who has worked in comics. His work in comics has won him recognition from the industry including the Shazam Award for Best Inker (Humor Division) in 1970 for his work on Date With Debbi Leave It to Binky and other DC comics.
 Janne Loffe Carlsson (born 12 March 1937) sometimes credited as Janne Carlsson Jan Carlsson or Janne Karlsson is a Swedish film and television actor. He is also a skilled drummer featured on several albums in Swedish 70's and 80's music. He was the 'Karlsson' of the Swedish jazz fusion/psychedelic rock duo Hansson & Karlsson that were active in the late 60s.
 Robert Bernat (born July 3 1931 Johnstown PA - died December 3 1994) was an American composer and the founder artistic director and conductorof the River City Brass Band in Pittsburgh PA. His musical influences included his mentor Aaron Copland as well as other American composers including Leonard Bernstein George Gershwin and John Philip Sousa.
 Rochelle Perts (born 20 March 1992) is a Dutch singer who rose to prominence after winning the fourth season of talent show X Factor on 10 June 2011.
 Eugene Litvinkovich (born 4 November 1982) is a Belarusian and Ukrainian singer.
 Masato Uchiyama (内山 眞人 Uchiyama Masato born May 2 1986 in Tokyo Japan) is a Japanese actor.
 William Clarence 'Billy' Eckstine (July 8 1914 – March 8 1993) was an American singer of ballads and a bandleader of the swing era. Eckstine's recording of I Apologize (MGM 1948) was awarded the Grammy Hall of Fame Award in 1999.
 Junko Yoshioka is a New York City based fashion designer known primarily for her bridal wear.
 Phillipa Margaret Pip Brown (born 13 July 1979) better known by her stage name Ladyhawke is a New Zealand singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. She took her stage name from Richard Donner's 1985 film Ladyhawke.Brown was part of the Wellington-based band Two Lane Blacktop (2001–2003) named for the 1971 road film of the same name. After moving to Australia she formed the Sydney-based art rock band Teenager in 2004 with Nick Littlemore of Pnau (and later Empire of the Sun).
 Betty Carter (born Lillie Mae Jones May 16 1929 – September 26 1998) was an American jazz singer known for her improvisational technique scatting and other complex musical abilities that demonstrated her vocal talent and imaginative interpretation of lyrics and melodies. Vocalist Carmen McRae once remarked there's really only one jazz singer – only one: Betty Carter.
 Rosa Laborde is a Canadian actress and playwright.
 Michael Grecco (born May 20 1968) is an American photographer film director and author.
 Borislav Dugić Bora (Serbian Cyrillic: Бора Дугић pronounced [bǒːra dǔːɡitɕ]) (born June 10 1949 in Đurđevo SR Serbia Yugoslavia) is a Serbian musician and flautist having released a number of CD's and records as well as having performed at countless concerts.
 Trina Robbins (born 1938) is an American comics artist and writer. She was an early and influential participant in the underground comix movement and one of the few female artists in the fledgling underground comix movement. Both as a cartoonist and historian Robbins has long been involved in creating outlets for and promoting female comics artists.
 Konstantīns Pēkšēns (born 3 March 1859 Mazsalaca parish Russian Empire — died 23 June 1928 Bad Kissingen Weimar Republic) is one of the most prominent Latvian architects of all times. After Jānis Baumanis he is the epitome of the second generation of Latvian architects. Many Latvian cities and towns take pride in buildings designed by Pēkšēns but Riga alone can boast more than 250 multi-storey brick buildings and a great number of wooden houses erected following his designs.
 Nicky James (2 April 1943 – 8 October 2007) born Michael Clifford Nicholls was a British musician and songwriter.
 Bobby Lewis (born May 9 1942 in Hodgenville Kentucky) is an American country music singer-songwriter. Between 1963 and 1985 Lewis released ten albums and charted more than twenty-five songs on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart. He used the title The Boy with the Lute being perhaps the only country singer to use this instrument though it is a 6-string guitar-lute. His biggest hit How Long Has It Been peaked at Number 6 in 1966.
 Chellapilla Satyanarayana Sastry better known as Chellapilla Satyam (Telugu: చెళ్ళపిళ్ళ సత్యం) (1933 - 12 January 1989) was an Indian music director. He was popular in the Telugu and Kannada cinema fields in 1960s and 1980s. Sathyam is best remembered as Andhra RD Burman.He also composed to handful of Bengali Bhojpuri and Hindi movies.He was born in Komarada village in Vizianagaram district Andhra Pradesh. He has acted in some plays with popular writer Rajasri and others at Vizianagaram.
 Larry Goves (born 1980 in Cardiff) is a British composer.A Phd student at the University of Southampton his tutor is Michael Finnissy. In addition to Undergraduate and Postgraduate studies at the Royal Northern College of Music he has studied privately with Richard Barrett and Simon Holt. He has received commissions from the Nash Ensemble the London Sinfonietta the BBC Philharmonic and many others. He is a founder and performer with the ensemble the House of Bedlam.
 Mark Feldstein (May 3 1937 – October 2001) was an American artist and photographer best known for his large format photography of the streetlife and architecture of New York City.Feldstein whose parents were German Jews often remarked that he just happened to be born in Milan where his family were located during their emigration from Nazi Germany to the United States.
 Kazys Varnelis (February 25 1917 in Alsėdžiai – October 29 2010 in Vilnius) was an abstract painter from Lithuania. He lived and worked in the United States of America for fifty years between 1949 and 1998. His distinctive painting style demonstrated optical and three-dimensional illusions based on geometric abstractions and minimal forms. His style combined elements of constructivism minimalism and op art.
 Ryan Greene is an American record producer sound engineer former owner of Crush Recording Studios in Scottsdale Arizona and current co-owner of Area 52 Entertainment in Los Angeles California. In an over 25 year long career he has worked with many artists including Jay-Z Lita Ford Tonic Mr. Big Wilson Phillips Megadeth NOFX Alice Cooper Cheap Trick Usher Patty LaBelle Dishwalla and Gladys Knight.
 Alphonse Toussenel (March 17 1803 - April 30 1885) was a French naturalist writer and journalist born in Montreuil-Bellay a small meadows commune of Angers; he died in Paris on April 30 1885.A utopian socialist and a disciple of Charles Fourier he was anglophobic and anti-semitic. He was at one time editor-in-chief of the newspaper La Paix and his studies of natural history served as a vehicle for his political ideas. He was also the brother of teacher and translator Théodore Toussenel.
 Shakila Zafar (Bengali: শাকিলা জাফর; born February 28) is a Bangladeshi singer. Her career began as a result of her appearance in the 1983 BTV program Jodi Kichu Mone Na Koren where she performed an astrology themed song.
 Megan Kelso (born 1968 in Seattle Washington) is an American comic book artist and writer.Kelso started working in the 1990s with the minicomic Girlhero which won her a Xeric Foundation grant in 1993. She has since published several other projects including Queen of the Black Black and The Squirrel Mother. She was the editor of the female cartoonist anthology Scherherazade: Stories of Love Treachery Mothers and Monsters (published by Soft Skull Press).
 Nils Reine Fiske (born 4 October 1972 in Saltsjö-Boo Sweden) is a Swedish guitarist art director and sound engineer at the record label Subliminal Sounds who put his signature to many prog-rock project such as Landberk Morte Macabre Paatos and Elephant9 but is best known for his playing in the band Dungen.
 Mats Levén (born in Mölndal Sweden on 11 September 1964) is a singer. His most notable recent collaborations have been with symphonic metallers Therion and doom metallers Krux and Candlemass.
 Hank Kanalz is an American comic book writer and editor.Kanalz is the Senior Vice President of Vertigo and Integrated Publishing at DC Comics. He was formerly General Manager of the WildStorm brand for DC Comics.
 India Grey (b. England) is a British writer of romance novels since 2006. In 2009 her novel Mistress: Hired for the Billionaire's Pleasure won the Love Story of the Year by the Romantic Novelists' Association.
 Karim Nagi is an Egyptian musician composer music arranger and DJ. He specializes in traditional Arabic music but is widely known for his innovative approach.Also known as Turbo Tabla Karim Nagi has released two CDs distributed Internationally by Universal Records: Belly Dance Overdrive and the Belly and the Beat. These CDs are pioneers mixing traditional Arabic sounds with Hip Hop Techno and House.
 Michael Orest Hayvoronsky (Mykhailo Orest Haivoronsky) (Ukrainian: Михайло Орест Гайворонський) (September 15 1892 – September 11 1949) was a Ukrainian composer musician conductor teacher violinist and critic.
 Sammy Kaye (March 13 1910 – June 2 1987) born Samuel Zarnocay Jr. was an American bandleader and songwriter whose tag line Swing and sway with Sammy Kaye became one of the most famous of the Big Band Era.
 Giuseppe Puglia (1600-1636) was an Italian painter born in Rome. He was also known as Giuseppe del Bastaro. According to Baglioni flourished chiefly during the pontificate of Urban VIII. There are several of his works in churches at Rome including a Presentation in the Temple in the cloister of the Padri della Minerva ; and an altarpiece in the church of Santa Maria Maggiore representing The Virgin appears to Giovanni Patrizi.
 Marjorie Lane (February 21 1912 – October 2 2012) was an American singer of the 1930s who is best known for dubbing the voice of actress Eleanor Powell in the movies Born to Dance (1936) Broadway Melody of 1936 (1936) Rosalie (1937) and Broadway Melody of 1938 (1938). Lane was married to actor Brian Donlevy from 1936 to 1947 and they had one child. Her career in film did not extend beyond the 1930s.
 Gábor Csalog (born in Budapest 1960) is a Hungarian pianist.He was trained at the Ferenc Liszt Academy and completed studies under György Sebõk at Indiana University. He was prized at the 1986 Ferenc Liszt Competition.Csalog known for his work on Hungarian contemporary music has recorded for Budapest Music Records since the '90s. His recordings include Étrangeté / Strangeness Alexander Scriabin: Preludes and Poems (Budapest Music Center Records 2005).
 Frankie Miller (b. December 17 1931 Victoria Texas) is an American country musician.
 Frederick Jay Rick Rubin (born March 10 1963) is an American record producer and former co-president of Columbia Records. Along with Russell Simmons Rubin is the founder of Def Jam Records and also established American Recordings.
 Cheung Siu-fai (Chinese: 張兆輝; Pinyin: Zhāng Zhàohuī) also known as Eddie Cheung is a Hong Kong actor. He is best known for his many supporting or everyman roles similar to Liu Kai-chi.
 Gene Ludwig (September 4 1937 – July 14 2010) was an American jazz and rhythm and blues organist who recorded as a leader as well as a sideman for Sonny Stitt Arthur Prysock Scott Hamilton Bob DeVos and Leslie West and others. Ludwig received international acclaim as a Hammond organ player and was a prominent figure in the Pittsburgh Pennsylvania jazz scene.
 Wojciech Sauron Wąsowicz (born June 1981 in Krosno Poland) is a Polish vocalist. Wąsowicz was the vocalist for death metal group Decapitated from its inception in 1996 until 2005 and has been a member of Masachist since 2008. He is a graduate of musical school in the first and second degree and graduate of Jagielonian University where he earned Master's degree in Musicology. He also works in Sinfonietta Cracovia Orchestra in Kraków.
 Corita Kent (November 20 1918 – September 18 1986) aka Sister Mary Corita Kent was born Frances Elizabeth Kent in Fort Dodge Iowa. Kent was an artist and an educator who worked in Los Angeles and Boston. She worked almost exclusively with silkscreen and serigraphy helping to establish it as a fine art medium. Her artwork with its messages of love and peace was particularly popular during the social upheavals of the 1960s and 1970s.
 Sir Jinx born Anthony Wheat is an American hip-hop record producer and rapper from South Central Los Angeles California.
 Jadwiga Maria Kinga Bal (Balowa) of Zaleszczyki née Brunicka (July 26 1879 – January 1 1955) was a Polish baroness and a lifelong muse of Jacek Malczewski considered Poland's national painter. She served as the live model for a series of his symbolic portrayals of women as well as nude studies and mythological beings. Most were completed before the interwar period when Poland had not yet achieved independence.
 Vincent Locke is an American comic book artist known for his work on Deadworld and A History of Violence and for his ultraviolent album covers for death metal band Cannibal Corpse.
 Sue Fink is an American singer songwriter conductor and voice teacher.She is the founder and conductor of the Angel City Chorale as well as a songwriter and voice teacher. She graduated magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the University of California Los Angeles where she studied conducting with Roger Wagner. Sue toured internationally as a member of the Roger Wagner Chorale and went on to establish the Oriana Renaissance Ensemble serving as conductor.
 Louise F. Titchener (born 1941 in Detroit Michigan) was a US novelist since 1982. She wrote under various pseudonyms: Anne Silverlock and Jane Silverwood with Eileen Buckholtz Ruth Glick and Carolyn Males as Alyssa Howard with Ruth Glick as Alexis Hill Alexis Hill Jordan and Tess Marlowe with Carolyn Males as Clare Richards and Clare Richmond.
 Alfonso Rumazo González (Latacunga 1903 – Caracas 2002) was an Ecuadorian writer historian essayist and literary critic.
 Rick Cleveland is an American television writer playwright and monologist best known for writing on the HBO original series Six Feet Under and NBC's The West Wing.Cleveland a graduate of the Playwrights Workshop at the University of Iowa is also a founding member of Chicago's American Blues Theater.In 2000 Cleveland and The West Wing creator Aaron Sorkin won the Emmy Award for Best Writing for a Drama Series their episode In Excelsis Deo.
 Saleem Jones (born May 3 1982) better known by his stage name Serius Jones is an American rapper who is widely known for his freestyle battles. Jones won 12 consecutive battles at New York's Monday Night Fight Klub before facing and beating former Fight Klub King Jin The MC to become MTV's all-time Fight Klub Champion. Jones independently released King Me in 2006 followed by Serius Bizness in 2008 and Why So Serius? in 2009.
 Georges Chakra is a Beirut-based Lebanese haute couture fashion designer. Since 2001 he has presented collections at Paris Fashion Week. Chakra first established his brand in 1985.
 Roupen Altiparmakian is a master of the violin and oud born in Adana Turkey.
 Pierre-Joseph Thoulier d'Olivet Abbot of Olivet (1 April 1682 Salins-les-Bains – 8 October 1768 Paris) was a French abbot writer grammarian and translator. He was elected the fourth occupant of Académie française seat 31.This article incorporates information from the revision as of 11 October 2008 of the equivalent article on the français Wikipedia.
 Vladimir Vladimirovich Nabokov (Russian: Влади́мир Влади́мирович Набо́ков pronounced [vlɐˈdʲimʲɪr nɐˈbokəf]  also known by the pen name Vladimir Sirin; 22 April [O.S. 10 April] 1899c – 2 July 1977) was a Russian-American novelist. Nabokov's first nine novels were in Russian. He then rose to international prominence as a writer of English prose.
 Bianca Taylor Ryan (born September 1 1994) is an American singer and guitarist from Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Ryan was the first winner of NBC's America's Got Talent at the age of eleven. She auditioned for Talent in 2006 and blew [the judges] away with her big voice. Singing two Broadway show tunes along the way Ryan was announced as the winner of Season 1 on August 17. Her eponymous first album was released later in 2006 followed by two Christmas albums.
 Victor-Charles-Paul Dourlen (born 3 November 1780 in Dunkerque – died 8 January 1864 in Paris) was a French composer and music teacher at the Conservatoire de Paris during the first half of the nineteenth century. He is primarily known as a theorist being his treatises on harmony based on the methods of Charles Simon Catel widely used as reference especially his Tractat d'acompanyament pràctic (1834) and Tractat d'harmonia (1838) as well as his Méthode élémentaire pour le piano-forte (1820).
 Pier-Francesco Sacchi (known active 1512-1520) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period. Born in Pavia he worked in Genoa and became a member of that guild of painters in 1520. He painted in 1512 the Parting of St. John Baptist from his parents for the Oratory of Santa Maria in Genoa.
 Teresa Cheung Tak-lan is a Hong Kong singer. She was one of the members of the Four Golden Flowers early in her career and later became a famous Hong Kong singer in the 1980s. She participated in the entertainment industry since she was a child (stage name Cheung Yuen-yuen 張圓圓). She is also a Catholic.The song that she sang for the TVB series The Good The Bad And The Ugly made her famous.
 John Arthur Blaikie (born 1849) was an English poet and journalist born in Paddington Middlesex.
 Ni Haifeng (born 1964) in Zhoushan China is an installation artist. He currently lives and works in Amsterdam Netherlands.
 Carola Ingrid Margareta Segerstedt Luterkort (née Eklundh) (28 June 1910 – 3 August 2011) was a Swedish actress and stage director whose professional career spanned from the 1930s until 2010. Born in Lund Luterkort studied in Dramatens elevskola together with Ingrid Bergman Gunnar Björnstrand and Signe Hasso. She made her debut at the Royal Dramatic Theatre in 1933. Luterkort remained active into her 90s. Some of her films include Barnen från Frostmofjället (1945) and Klassfesten (2002).
 Ronnie Bedford (born 1931) is an American jazz drummer and professor. Bedford is one of the founders of the Yellowstone Jazz Festival held annually in Cody Wyoming and was the recipient of the 1993 Wyoming Governor's Award for the Arts. In 1993 he released a self-published CD Tour de West. He later produced three more CDs for Progressive Records. Bedford currently lives in Powell Wyoming and teaches percussion at Northwest College.
 Ashtech (born Andrea Nicoletti December 15 1973 Italy) is an Italian producer bass player and solo artist.
 David Martin (1 April 1737 – 30 December 1797) was a British painter and engraver. Born in Fife he studied in London and Italy before gaining a reputation as a portrait painter.
 Joseph Thomas Lee better known by his stage name Deadlee is an American rapper and songwriter based in Los Angeles California. The musician who is of Mexican American and African American descent launched his career back in 2000. In 2002 he released the critically acclaimed debut album 7 Deadlee Sins. He released the follow-up album Assault With a Deadlee Weapon in late 2006.
 Ngwe Gaing (Burmese: ငွေကိုင် [ŋwè ɡàɪɴ]; 1901–1967) was a Burmese artist who worked in both oil and watercolor. After the death of his teacher Ba Nyan he was recognized as the greatest living painter in Myanmar. He had great influence on the next generation of artists and his works are now highly sought after.
 Svetlana Chmakova (Russian: Светлана Шмакова) (born 7 October 1979 in Soviet Union) is a comic creator. She is best known for Dramacon an original English-language (OEL) manga spanning three volumes and published in North America by Tokyopop. Her other work includes the 2-page The Adventures of CG for CosmoGIRL! magazine and the webcomic Chasing Rainbows for Girlamatic.
 Clare Cavendish was a British writer of romance novels from 1964 to 1982.She was the tenth elected Chairman (1979–1981) of the Romantic Novelists' Association.
 Joe Edwards (December 6 1921 – February 8 2007) was an American comic book artist best known for creating Archie Comics' mischievous little-girl character Li'l Jinx while working in the industry for over 65 years.
 Carl Ashby (1914–2004) was an American abstract expressionist artist who lived and worked in New York City. Ashby was born in Hurley New Mexico on March 2 1914. He worked as an artist for the Civilian Conservation Corps before attending the University of Utah where he graduated with a degree in Fine Arts in 1937. He relocated to New York City shortly thereafter and married artist Estelle Grey in 1938. Ashby earned a Master in Arts degree from New York University in 1959.
 Salim Halali or Salim Hilali (real name Simon Halali July 30 1920 – June 25 2005) was an Algerian singer performer of Andalusian classical music and Algerian music.
 Mark Seliger (born 1959) is an American photographer noted for his portraiture.Seliger was born in Amarillo Texas the son of Maurice and Carol Lee. The family moved to Houston in 1964. He attended the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts in Houston and Texas A&M University Commerce. He moved to New York City in 1984. He began working for Rolling Stone in 1987 and served as its chief photographer from 1992 to 2002 and shot more than 100 covers for the magazine.
 David Albaladejo (better known by his stage name King Syze) is an underground rapper from Philadelphia Pennsylvania of Puerto Rican descent. He is a member of underground hip hop supergroup; Army of the Pharaohs having featured on all their studio albums. He is known for his frequent collaboration with AOTP members; OuterSpace.
 Vera Fyodorovna Panova (Russian: Ве́ра Фёдоровна Пано́ва; March 20 [O.S. March 7] 1905 - March 3 1973) was a Soviet novelist playwright and journalist.
 Koren Zailckas (born 1980) is a bestselling American writer and memoirist. Her debut Smashed was released in 2005 by Viking Penguin and became a New York Times bestseller.
 Max Marlow was the pseudonym by a British writing team marriage formed by Christopher Nicole and Diana Bachmann. They wrote 11 thriller novels from 1988 to 1998. They live in Guernsey Channel Islands.
 Wilfred (or William) Langdon Kihn (September 5 1898 – December 12 1957) was a portrait painter and illustrator specializing in portraits of American Indians.He was born in Brooklyn New York son of Alfred Charles Kihn and Carrie Lowe (Peck) Kihn.
 Sam Childers (born 1963) is a former Outlaw motorcycle club member who now dedicates his life and resources to rescue children in the war zone of South Sudan. Childers and his wife Lynn founded and operate Angels of East Africa the Children's Village Orphanage in Nimule South Sudan where they currently have more than 300 children in their care.
 B. Jeyamohan (also credited as Jayamohan; born 22 April 1962) is a noted Tamil and Malayalam writer and literary critic from Nagercoil in Kanyakumari District in the south Indian state of Tamil Nadu.He entered the world of Tamil literature in the 1990s Jeyamohan has had impacted the Tamil literary landscape as it emerged from the post-modern phase.
 K. K. Raja (28 March 1893 – 6 April 1968) was a Malayalam poet from Kerala India. He received the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award in 1960 for the collection Malanatil.
 Douglas Wayne Sahm (November 6 1941 – November 18 1999) was an American musician from Texas. Born in San Antonio Texas he was a child prodigy in country music but became a significant figure in roots rock and other genres. Sahm is considered one of the most important figures in what is identified as Tex-Mex music. He was the founder and leader of the 1960s rock and roll band the Sir Douglas Quintet.
 Harvie S (born Harvie Swartz December 6 1948) is an American jazz double-bassist.S learned piano as a child and did not begin playing bass until 1967 when he was nineteen years old. He attended Berklee College of Music and played in and around Boston with Al Cohn Zoot Sims Mose Allison and Chris Connor.
 Matthew Richard Matt Lucas (born 5 March 1974) is an English comedian screenwriter actor and singer best known for his work with David Walliams in the television show Little Britain; as well as for his portrayals of the scorekeeping baby George Dawes in the comedy panel game Shooting Stars and Tweedledee and Tweedledum in Alice in Wonderland.In May 2007 he was placed seventh in the list of the UK's 100 most influential gay men and women by British newspaper The Independent.
 LiLi Roquelin (born in Toulon France) is a French-born American adult contemporary music trip-hop and alternative rock singer composer and songwriter from Astoria Queens New York City. Roquelin is most notable for her songs I Saw You which won Best Music Video at several film festivals Blues Alone Should you get mad Renew Keep This For You Thank You The Only One.
 Cillian Vallely is an Irish musician born in Armagh Northern Ireland. He plays traditional Irish music on the uilleann pipes and low whistle and studied at the Armagh Pipers Club with his mother and father Brian and Eithne and then with the late Armagh piper Mark Donnelly. His brothers Niall and Caoimhín also play traditional music.Since 1999 he has been a member of the band Lúnasa with whom he has recorded 7 albums.
 Michelle Lyn Paisley is an American author of two novels and one non-fiction book. She is a former journalist and is based in Sacramento CA.
 Matthew Hittinger (born June 1 1978) is an American poet and writer.
 Pascal Rogé (born 6 April 1951) is a French pianist.His playing includes the works of compatriot composers Saint-Saëns Fauré Debussy Ravel Satie and Poulenc among others. However his repertoire also covers the German masters Haydn Mozart Brahms and Beethoven.
 Marcia Elaine Hines AM (born 20 July 1953 in Boston Massachusetts USA) is an Australian vocalist actress and TV personality. Hines made her debut at the age of sixteen in the Australian production of the stage musical Hair and followed with the role of Mary Magdalene in Jesus Christ Superstar.
 Tim Biskup (born September 21 1967 in Santa Monica California) is an American artist. His free-spirited style recalls 1950s storybook illustration with bright colors and whimsical shapes unrestricted by the black outlining typically used in character design.Tim realized he wanted to become an artist when he visited the Pompidou Center in 1984 with his family. There he was exposed to the works of Robert Matta Niki de Saint Phalle and Jean Tinguely.
 Ahmadou Kourouma (November 24 1927 Boundiali – December 11 2003 Lyon) was an Ivorian novelist.
 Gwenno Mererid Saunders (born 23 May 1981) is a Welsh musician and dancer. Since she was born her father spoken Cornish with her her mother Welsh and as a family they would speak in Gaelic. She is best known as a singer and keyboardist with The Pipettes where she was known by the name Gwenno Pipette. She also performs as a solo artist.
 Gloria Trevi (born Gloria de los Ángeles Treviño Ruiz on February 15 1968) is a Mexican pop-rock singer-songwriter. Called the Supreme Diva of Mexican Pop by the music channel VH1 Trevi has sold more than 20 million records.
 Caroline Myss (pronounced mace) is an American author of numerous books and audio tapes including five New York Times Best Sellers: Anatomy of the Spirit (1996) Why People Don't Heal and How They Can (1998) Sacred Contracts (2002) Invisible Acts of Power (2004) Entering The Castle (2007) and Defy Gravity (2009). Her most recent book Archetypes: Who Are You? was published in 2013.
 Stephanie Waring (born 19 February 1978) in Urmston Greater Manchester England is an English actress best known for portraying Cindy Cunningham in the Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks. Waring has also had roles in soap opera Coronation Street day time soap opera Doctors and medical drama Holby City. She also appeared in Crash Palace Nice Guy Eddie and Merseybeat.
 Anne Oterholm (born 1964) is an America-born Norwegian novelist and literary critic. Among her novels are ikke noe annet enn det du vil from 1995 and Avbrutt selskap from 1996. From 2005 she is leader of the Norwegian Authors' Union.
 Lynwood Slim (born Richard Dennis Duran August 19 1953 Los Angeles California) is an American blues harmonica player and singer. Slim is best known as a singer in the style of smooth easy jazz/blues as well as his harmonica and flute playing.
 Costa Kotselas (born January 6 1966) is an American film composer producer and guitarist. He works in a variety of genres including film pop electronic ethnic and Metal. He is known for combining modern rhythms and sounds to create entirely new compositions that could not have been possible at the time while staying true to the original style and form of the film.
 Lubov Rabinovich (Любовь Семеновна Рабинович) (1907 Liepāja Present day Latvia - 2001 Moscow Russia Federation) was a Soviet Russian painter most noted for her works depicting rural life and particularly life in the newly created settlements of the Virgin Lands Campaign.Rabinovich began her studies in 1921 at the Lepeshinsky (МОПШК) experimental art-school commune in Moscow where she was taught drawing by Yakov Aleksandrovich Bashilov.The artist's work was first exhibited in 1925 as part of the 8th AKhRR (Association of Artists of Revolutionary Russia) Exhibition.Lubov Rabinovich studied at the Proletarian Institute of Art in Moscow graduating in 1930.She went on to study at the Institute of Painting Sculpture and Architecture in Leningrad where she studied under A. 
 DJ Rectangle is an American DJ/turntablist and Grammy Award-nominated Dance/Hip Hop/Club record producer.In 1993 DJ Rectangle won the US DMC Championship. Amongst many victorious DJ battles he won the International DJ Search sponsored by The Box Television to become the official DJ for Def Jam recording artist Warren G.
 Al Rex (born Albert Piccirilli; July 13 1928) was a bass player for Bill Haley & His Comets and its predecessor Bill Haley and the Saddlemen. He started playing for them in 1949 and became noted for wild antics on stage. When the band began to wane he formed his own Al Rex and the Regaleers in 1960 but this was not successful and he ultimately left the music industry. Although he still performed on occasion. He later had a wife and fathered twelve children.
 In this Burmese name Sai is an honorific.Sai Htee Saing (Burmese: စိုင်းထီးဆိုင် [sáɪɴ tʰí sʰàɪɴ]; 23 September 1950 – 10 March 2008; born Sai Tin U) was a distinguished Burmese singer and songwriter of Shan descent which featured prominently throughout his music career. Throughout his career he recorded two to three Shan language albums and 30 to 40 Burmese language albums. He was especially known for composing country music.
 Sally Murphy (born 1968) is an Australian children’s author and poet who has had thirty books published including verse novels picture books and educational titles.
 nila northSun [sic] is a Native American poet and tribal historian.northSun's gritty realistic poems about life both on and off the reservation have made her one of the most widely read of all Native American poets.She is often considered an influential writer in the second wave of the Native American Renaissance.
 Thomas Okey (1852–1935) was an expert on basket weaving a translator of Italian and a writer on art and the topography of architecture and art works in Italy and France. In 1919 he became the first professor in Cambridge University under the Serena Professor of Italian title.
 Michelle Yvonne Hunziker (born 24 January 1977) is a Swiss-Italian television hostess actress model and singer.
 Karl Matthew Alvarez (born March 10 1964) is the bass guitar player for both the Descendents and All the band that resulted after the Descendents disbanded again in 1987.Alvarez joined the Descendents after the Enjoy! album from his previous band The Massacre Guys and played on all of the All albums and the Descendents albums All Everything Sucks and Cool To Be You.
 Kyle Wooten was an American harmonica player during the 1920s and 1930s best known for The choking blues. He was a considered part of the backwoods scene a subgenre of Appalachian music and incorporated imitations of animals and imitations of inanimate sounds in his play.
 Yasmine Hamdan is a Lebanese singer songwriter and actress now based in Paris. She became known with Soapkills the duo she founded with Zeid Hamdan (no relation) while she was still living in Beirut. The first album released by Soapkills was Bater (1999). Soapkills was one of the very first independent electronic bands in the Middle East and its innovative approach exerted a lasting influence.
 John Graham is a British record producer songwriter vocalist who is also known under the pseudonyms Quivver Skanna Stoneproof and Space Manoeuvres. He was a former member of music production team Tilt. More recently he has recorded and toured with the Welsh electronic group Hybrid.
 Shara Worden is the lead singer and songwriter for My Brightest Diamond. She was previously a backup vocalist for Sufjan Stevens and formerly the frontwoman of AwRY.
 Edward Cocker (1631 – 22 August 1676) was an English engraver who also taught writing and arithmetic.Cocker was the reputed author of the famous Arithmetick the popularity of which has added a phrase (according to Cocker) to the list of English proverbialisms. He is credited with the authorship and execution of some fourteen sets of copy slips one of which Daniel's Copy-Book ingraven by Edward Cocker Philomath (1664) is preserved in the British Museum.
 Kenneth William Ken Casey (born 14 April 1969) is the bass guitarist primary songwriter and one of the lead singers of the Boston Celtic punk group Dropkick Murphys. Casey was one of the original members starting the band in 1996 with guitarist Rick Barton and singer Mike McColgan. He is the only original member of the Dropkick Murphys left in the band though drummer Matt Kelly joined shortly after formation in 1997.
 Bobby Rondinelli (born July 27 1955 Brooklyn New York) is a rock drummer best known for his work with the hard rock/heavy metal bands like Blue Öyster Cult Rainbow Quiet Riot Black Sabbath The Lizards and Rondinelli. He had turned down the vacant drumming stool in KISS in 1980 rather than wear the outfits and make up KISS were well known for leaving the position open for Eric Carr.
 Dennis (Denus) McGee (born January 26 1893 Eunice Louisiana USA – October 3 1989) was one of the earliest recorded Cajun musicians.A fiddle player he recorded and performed with Creole accordionist and vocalist Amédé Ardoin with accordionist Angelas LeJeune and with fiddlers Sady Courville and Ernest Frugé.
 Robert Hudson (born 24 February 1960 in Sheffield) is an English actor.He is most famous for his role as PC Tony Yorkie Smith in the ITV police procedural television series The Bill. He played the role from 1984 until 1989 and made two subsequent guest appearances in 1990 and 1991.
 Nicola Benedetti MBE (born 20 July 1987) is a Scottish classical violinist.
 Arjun Kumar hails from Bangalore is a Mridangam artist. Born to a family of Mridangam artistes Arjun Kumar was initiated into the art of Mridangam playing aged five by his father Sri Arjunan who is an artist in the field of percussion and was later mentored by Sri T. A. S. Mani for a couple of years.
 Scarlett Santana (born Jasmine Mercedes on May 31 1988) is an American singer songwriter rapper spoken word poet dancer and actress of Puerto Rican descent. She made her musical debut with the worldwide smash pop group C+C Music Factory. Scarlett Santana has released two singles with the group. The first being Live Your Life credited as C+C Music Factory presents Scarlett Santana which was released in early 2010 on a Bill Coleman Remixxer compilation album.
 Lee Min-woo (Hangul: 이민우; hanja: 李玟雨) mononymously credited as M as a solo artist was born on 28 July 1979 (he was only added to the family register in 1980). He is a South Korean entertainer known as a member of six-member boy band Shinhwa. As part of Shinhwa he has recorded ten studio albums as a vocalist and a rapper.
 Yom Sang-seop (born 1887) (Hangul: 염상섭) was a South Korean writer.Yom Sang Seop was a Korean novelist and freedom fighter in the early part of the 20th century. Yom was an early pioneer of modern narrative in Korea and a “writer of the period of dissatisfaction.” In this role Yom was one of the first naturalistic and realistic writers in Korean literature. Yom’s role in resistance against Japanese colonialism resulted in his being arrested (Yom booksleeve).
 Elizabeth Jane Howard CBE FRSL (26 March 1923 – 2 January 2014) was an English novelist. She had previously been an actress and a model.
 Adam Thorn (born Adam Gabriel Thorn December 16 1979 in Waldorf Maryland) spent 1998–2005 as front man and lyricist for Greensboro North Carolina indie punk band Kudzu Wish. After bowing out at the top of their game Thorn started the short lived Warbomb! was employed as an assistant brewmaster and then began crafting the music for his solo debut.
 James Henry is a British comedy writer best known for his work in the sketch show Smack the Pony and the sitcom Green Wing. He began his career writing for children's television program Bob the Builder and is currently developing two projects. Hero Trip is a huge-budget superhero/road trip comedy being developed by the UK Film Council. Henry is also developing a teen drama series set in Cornwall for the BBC.
 Ernst Mayer (24 June 1796 – 21 January 1844) was a German sculptor in the classical style. He was a pupil of Antonio Isopi and worked for Leo von Klenze mainly in Munich where in 1830 he became Professor of Sculpture at the Polytechnic now the Technical University.
 Lizzie Frost Rattray (1855–1931) was a New Zealand journalist suffragist and welfare worker. She was born in Dunedin Otago New Zealand in 1855 to Mary Lister and Archdeacon John Albert Fenton but her family returned to Europe for the children's education. After their return to New Zealand Lissie married William Rattray a prosperous Auckland draper.
 Anne-Mie van Kerckhoven (born 5 December 1951) is a Belgian artist whose work involves painting drawing computer art and video art.
 John Samuel Tunnard (7 May 1900 – 12 December 1971) was an English Modernist designer and painter. He was the cousin of landscape architect Christopher Tunnard.
 Jules Simon Troubat (1836–1914) was a French littérateur born at Montpellier. He was the last secretary of Sainte-Beuve one of his testamentary executors and his legatee. He published a number of posthumous works of Sainte-Beuve such as his Correspondance an unfinished monograph on Proudhon and three volumes of articles originally contributed to the Premiers lundis.
 Olle Emanuel Nordmark (May 25 1890—December 18 1973) was a Swedish painter and muralist born in Nordanholen at Mockfjärd parish. He started to draw and paint at an early age. In the beginning he was taught by his father but in 1901 he came in contact with Gustaf Ankarcrona in Leksand who taught him the basics. At the age of 15 he had decided that he is going to become an artist.
 Edward Lear (12 or 13 May 1812 – 29 January 1888) was an English artist illustrator author and poet and is known now mostly for his literary nonsense in poetry and prose and especially his limericks a form he popularised.
 Bob Bowes Born Robert Wm Bowes is an English actor. His only film is the classic 1969 film Kes. Bob Bowes played the headmaster Mr Gryce in the film about a young Barnsley lad who trains a young kestrel.
 Paul Jules Barbier (8 March 1825 – 16 January 1901) was a French poet writer and opera librettist who often wrote in collaboration with Michel Carré.
 Tan Jianci (born October 5 1990 in Beihai Guangxi) better known by his stage name Kenji or CJ-T is a Chinese pop singer and occasional actor. He is the youngest member of the Chinese boy band M.I.C.
 James Hannigan (born 1971) is a British film television and video game composer who has composed music for entries in the Harry Potter The Lord of the Rings Command & Conquer Dead Space Warhammer RuneScape 3 and Grand Prix series of games.
 Patricia Jean Patty Donahue (March 29 1956 – December 9 1996) was the American lead singer of the 1980s new wave group The Waitresses.
 Gary Lil G Jenkins is an American musician. He is the lead singer of the R&B group Silk. Born and raised in Nashville Tennessee he is the youngest of seven children.
 Kathryn Casey is an American true crime writer novelist and journalist. Author Ann Rule has called Casey one of the best in the true crime genre. She is best known for writing She Wanted It All which recounts the case of Celeste Beard who married an Austin multimillionaire only to convince her lesbian lover Tracey Tarlton to kill him.
 Clark Datchler (born Clark Wynford Datchler 27 March 1964 Sutton Surrey England) is an English singer songwriter musician and record producer. He first rose to fame in 1987 as the lead singer songwriter and multi-instrumentalist in the band Johnny Hates Jazz.
 Jaqueline Nakiri Nalubale (1977 – ) also known as Jaqee is a musician born in Kampala Uganda. In 1990 she immigrated to Sweden where she began her musical career. She describes herself as a musical chameleon having no single musical style.Jaqee speaks Luganda Nkore English and Swedish as well as a little bit of Spanish; she is learning German.
 Isaiah Major (born January 9 1970 Chicago Illinois United States) best known as DJ Rush is an American musician DJ and record producer of electronic music.
 Félix Toranzos (born Oct. 30 1964) is a Paraguayan artist architect and graphic designer considered to be one of the most conspicuous representatives of the new generation of artists in Paraguay.
 Marco Pennette (born July 9 1966) is an American television producer and screenwriter.
 Oliver Palotai (born 17 March 1974 in Germany) is a classically-trained German musician of Hungarian ancestry best known as a member of the power metal band Kamelot and of Doro Pesch's touring band.
 Gary Shteyngart (born Igor Semyonovich Shteyngart; July 5 1972) is an American writer born in Leningrad USSR. Much of his work is satirical.
 Christine Dolce (born August 31 1981 in Long Beach California) also known as ForBiddeN is a former cosmetologist and MySpace Internet celebrity since the mid-2000s.Proclaimed “The Queen of MySpace” by Vanity Fair and The Tyra Banks Show Dolce created her profile shortly after its inception.
 Ad Snijders was born in Eindhoven in 1929. He was a painter a collagist and a social activist.
 Tad Robinson (born June 24 1956) is an American soul blues singer.Robinson was born and raised in New York City United States attending school at Indiana University's school of music and graduating in 1980. He played regionally with a group called the Hesitation Blues Band then moved to Chicago where he became the vocalist for Dave Specter & the Bluebirds singing on their 1994 album Blueplicity for Delmark Records.
 David Philippe Desrosiers (born August 29 1980) is a French Canadian musician who is best known as the bassist and backing vocalist for pop punk band Simple Plan.Born in Sept-Îles Desrosiers was raised in Matane Quebec. He has briefly played the drums and bass guitar for bands such as The Used Vendetta Red Green Day Good Charlotte and MxPx. He guest-starred on the television show The Naked Brothers Band.
 Christian Ingebrigtsen (born 25 January 1977 Oslo Norway) is a Norwegian singer-songwriter and musician. He is a member of the British-Norwegian pop group A1.
 Kim Kay (pseudonym of Kim Van Hee; born in Dendermonde 27 February 1978) is a Belgian pop singer. She is Flemish however she's known for delivering vocals in French. Kim Kay's arguably most famous work is her dance single Lilali which was a hit in Europe beyond Belgium and France where she booked her overall greatest successes throughout her career.Kay lives in Wichelen and studies psychology in Ghent. In 2004 she was diagnosed with cancer.
 Diane Birch (born January 24 1983) is an American singer-songwriter.
 Jiří Valter better known as Big Boss is the vocalist for the Czech black metal band Root and the progressive metal band Equirhodont.
 Hayley Warner (born 23 January 1992) is an Australian pop rock singer-songwriter from Southern Sydney who was the runner-up of Australian Idol in 2009. Days after the idol finale Hayley signed to Sony Music Australia and released her debut single Good Day.
 Bernard MacGregor Walker Knox (November 24 1914 – July 22 2010) was an English classicist author and critic who became an American citizen. He was the first director of the Center for Hellenic Studies. In 1992 the National Endowment for the Humanities selected Knox for the Jefferson Lecture the U.S. federal government's highest honor for achievement in the humanities.
 Vik Muniz (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈvik muˈnis]; born in 1961 São Paulo Brazil) is a Brazilian artist and photographer. Initially a sculptor Muniz grew interested with the photographic representations of his work eventually focusing completely on photography.
 Geoffrey Lyall (born May 30 1949 in Detroit Michigan) better known as Klaus Flouride is best known as the bassist for the San Francisco California punk rock band Dead Kennedys from the group's inception in June 1978 until the band's break-up in December 1986 although he also produced four solo albums during the 1980s and 1990s.Flouride began working on a solo album following the release of Dead Kennedys' second album 1982's Plastic Surgery Disasters coming out with the 12 single Shortnin' Bread (with The Drowning Cowboy as the B-Side) in 1982 and the EP Cha Cha Cha With Mr. 
 Gavino Ledda (born 30 December 1938) is an author and a scholar of the Italian language and of Sardinian. He is best known for his autobiographical work Padre padrone (1975).
 Dennis King (November 2 1897 – May 21 1971) was an English actor and singer.Born in Coventry as Dennis Pratt King had a stage career in both drama (including Shakespeare) and musicals. He emigrated to the USA in 1921 and went on to a successful career on the Broadway stage. He appeared in two musical films and played non-singing roles in two other motion pictures. He also played several roles on television. He died in New York City.
 John Kemp 1926–1987 created and ran the East Coast Sail Trust a charitable institution devoted to both character building for young people through education at sea and preservation of Thames sailing barges. The Trust has been running for over 40 years during which time many thousands of young people from Britain and around the world have benefited from the experience that is provided.
 George Wilson (21 February 1818 – 22 November 1859) was Regius Professor of Technology at the University of Edinburgh and the first Director of the Industrial Museum of Scotland.
 Lianne La Havas (born 23 August 1989 as Lianne Charlotte Barnes) is an English folk and soul singer songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. She was nominated for the BBC's Sound of 2012 poll. Her debut album Is Your Love Big Enough? was awarded the title of iTunes Album of The Year 2012.
 Jean Toussaint (born July 27 1960) is an American jazz tenor and soprano saxophonist. Toussaint was born in Saint Thomas U.S. Virgin Islands and grew up in Saint Thomas and New York City. He learned to play calypso as a child and attended Berklee College of Music in the late 1970s studying under saxophonist Billy Pierce.
 Olivia Brooks Bonilla (born 25 January 1992) is an American singer-songwriter and musician. In 2009 she released her EP-Album Arrival featuring original songs Can't Say Goodbye Stumble and Don't Say You're Sorry. Soon after that she released As If You Never Existed a song inspired by New Moon the second novel in the Twilight series.
 Kenjiro Haitani (灰谷 健次郎 Haitani Kenjirō October 31 1934 - November 23 2006) was a Japanese author of children's literature.He was the author of Usagi no me (A Rabbit's Eyes) and Taiyo no Ko (Children of the Sun) both best-sellers.Haitani died of esophageal cancer on 23 November 2006 aged 72. According to his wishes no funeral services were held.
 Sylvia Jane Kirby (born December 9 1956 Kokomo Indiana United States) known simply by her first name Sylvia during the 1980s is an American country music and country pop singer and songwriter. Some original source books have her birth name as Sylvia Kirby Allen however this may simply be a stage name she was trying to use but consequently used only her first name. There was also a point in time that she used Sylvia Rutledge.
 Ghweleke Akporhuarho Stanley (born 20 April 1977) better known by the stage name SimCard is a Nigerian standup comedian.
 Nerida Newton (born 1972) is an Australian novelist whose first novel The Lambing Flat won the Emerging Author category for the Queensland Premier's Literary Awards and was shortlisted for the The Australian/Vogel Literary Award. In 2004 The Lambing Flat was shortlisted the Commonwealth Writers' Prize for the Asia/Pacific region (Best First Book) and One Book One Brisbane. Later that year Nerida was named by the Sydney Morning Herald as one of Australia's best young novelists.
 Situ Qiao (Chinese: 司徒乔; 1902 – 16 February 1958) was a Chinese oil painter and graphic artist. An important member of the Lingnan School of art he was also known for his friendship with the influential writer Lu Xun. His most famous work is the 1940 painting Put Down Your Whip.
 Zhang Xuejing (张学景 Tianjin 1935-) stagename Niu Ben (牛犇) is a Chinese film actor.
 Antônio Tom Carlos Brasileiro de Almeida Jobim (January 25 1927 – December 8 1994) also known as Tom Jobim (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈtõ ʒoˈbĩ]) was a Brazilian songwriter composer arranger singer and pianist/guitarist.
 Herb Jackson (born 1945) is an artist and is the William H. Williamson Professor of Art at Davidson College. In 1999 he was awarded the North Carolina Award the highest civilian honor in the state by Governor Jim Hunt of North Carolina.
 Eric Stanton (September 30 1926 – March 17 1999; born Ernest Stanzoni) was an American bondage and fetish illustrator cartoonist and comic-book artist.The majority of his work depicted female dominance scenarios.
 Bernard Noël (born November 19 1930 Sainte-Geneviève-sur-Argence Aveyron) is a French writer and poet. He received the Grand Prix national de la poésie (National Grand Prize of Poetry) in 1992 and the Prix Robert Ganzo (Robert Ganzo Prize) in 2010.
 Dan Mazin (born Daniel Petunia Mazin) was a straight-edge musician mostly known within the South Florida hardcore scene for spending time in Until the End as well as Keepsake. His current love of all things whiskey disallows his involvement with the Straight Edge label. He is considered an influential bassist in the genre on metalcore. He used to operate Eulogy Recordings with John Wylie. Other claims to fame include being New Found Glory's roadie and saying the classic line Hey ladies.
 Adam Zwar (born 13 January 1972) is a multi award-winning Australian actor voice artist and writer. He is best known for co-creating the Australian comedy series Lowdown Wilfred and creating the popular factual series Agony Aunts and Agony Uncles and The Agony of Life. Zwar has also appeared in the feature films The Wedding Party and Rats and Cats.
 Will Ryman (born 1969) is an American artist. He is the son of Robert Ryman a minimalist painter and Merrill Wagner also a painter.His work has been shown at P.S.1 Contemporary Art Center at the Marlborough Gallery in New York and at the Saatchi Gallery in London.
 Per-Arne Henrik Morberg (born Andersson 23 June 1960 in Brännkyrka församling Stockholm) is a Swedish actor chef and news presenter.
 Juan Bautista Gill (November 12 1850 – January 1926) was a Paraguayan scholar.
 Harold George Harry Belafonte Jr. (born March 1 1927) is an American singer songwriter actor and social activist. One of the most successful Caribbean American pop stars in history he was dubbed the King of Calypso for popularizing the Caribbean musical style with an international audience in the 1950s. His breakthrough album Calypso (1956) is the first million selling album by a single artist.
 Suzanne Dalbert (12 May 1927 – 31 December 1970) was a French actress who appeared in a number of American films and television series during the 1940s and 1950s. Dalbert was born in Paris and moved to the United States following World War II. She was discovered by the Paramount studio head Hal Wallis who hoped to develop her into a major star.
 Clubroot (born Dan Richmond ca. 1985 is a dubstep musician located in St Albans England. Signed to Lo Dubs he released his eponymous debut album in 2009. The second album II – MMX was released in 2010. His music is often compared by similarity of deep dark electronic sound with Burial.
 Chu Tien-wen (Chinese: 朱天文; pinyin: Zhū Tiānwén; born August 24 1956 in Taipei Taiwan) is one of Taiwan's most prominent writers. She is the daughter of Chu Hsi-ning and the older sister of Chu Tien-hsin. Some of her literary works include Fin-de-Siècle Splendour (1990) and Notes of a Desolate Man 荒人手記 (1994). She wrote many of the scripts for the famous Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-hsien.
 Phil Ortiz an American animator. He has worked for more than 30 years as a professional artist ranging from daily newspaper comic strips to animated cartoons.[citation needed]
 Lucas Cleeve was the pseudonym of Adeline Georgiana Isabel Kingscote née Wolff (1868–1908) was a novelist born in England the author of over sixty works including The Woman Who Wouldn't in 1895. After her marriage to Colonel Howard Kingscote most of her novels were published under the name Mrs Howard Kingscote.
 Tone Perčič (born 26 December 1954) is a Slovenian writer and translator.Perčič was born in Ljubljana in 1954. He studied French and Italian at the University of Ljubljana and worked as a lecturer in Slovene language at universities in Leipzig Berlin Nottingham and Paris.He won the Kresnik Award for his novel Izganjalec hudiča in 1995.
 Alden R. Hatch (September 16 1898 - February 1 1975) was an American writer. He was the son of May D. Hatch and her husband Frederic H. Hatch owner of a successful Wall Street stock brokerage firm he founded in 1888. Alden's brother Eric S. Hatch was a writer on the staff of The New Yorker and a novelist and screenwriter best known for his book 1101 Park Avenue that became a hit film under the title My Man Godfrey.Born in New York City Alden Hatch was the author of more than 40 books.
 Pavel Petrovich Chistiakov (Russian: Па́вел Петро́вич Чистяко́в) (July 5 [O.S. June 23] 1832 – November 11 1919) was a Russian painter and teacher of art.
 Eddie Hayes better known by his stage name Aceyalone is a rapper from Los Angeles California. He is a member of Freestyle Fellowship Haiku D'Etat and The A-Team and a co-founder of Project Blowed. Aceyalone is best known for his role in evolving left-field hip-hop on the West Coast at a time when the West Coast was dominated by Gangsta Rap.
 Willard Newman Hirsch (1905 - 1982) was an American sculptor.
 Ajip Rosidi born on 31 January 1938 in Jatiwangi Majalengka West Java is an Indonesian poet and short story writer. As of 1983 he has published 326 works in 22 different magazines.
 Bob Jenyns (born Robert Jenyns 1944 Victoria) is a prolific Australian artist whose practice spanning over four decades has produced countless sculptures prints drawings and paintings. He has participated in many of Australia's most significant art exhibitions including the first Biennale of Sydney (1973) the 1973 1975 and 1978 Mildura Sculpture Triennials the 1981 Australian Perspecta the 2nd Australian Sculpture Biennale and the 1990 Sculpture Triennial.
 Eric Paul is a noise rock singer. He is known for his disturbing vocals lyrics and energetic stage presence. Eric Paul has played in many popular noise bands such as Arab on Radar and The Chinese Stars.
 Magnus Gottfried Lichtwer (born 30 January 1719 in Wurzen; died 7 July 1783 in Halberstadt) was a German fabulist.
 Neill Jameson is a vocalist and multi-instrumentalist hailing from Somers Point N.J. who has recorded and performed under the pseudonym N. Imperial (also Lord Imperial or simply Imperial).
 Sir Hugh Maxwell Casson CH KCVO PRA RDI (23 May 1910 – 15 August 1999) was a British architect interior designer artist and influential writer and broadcaster on 20th-century design. He is particularly noted for his role as director of architecture at the 1951 Festival of Britain on London's South Bank.
 Fay Kanin (née Mitchell; May 9 1917 – March 27 2013) was an American screenwriter playwright and producer. Kanin was President of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences from 1979 to 1983.
 Yao Chen (Chinese: 姚晨) (born 5 October 1979) is an award-winning Chinese actress and the person on Sina Weibo with the largest number of fans (analogous to followers on Twitter) with over 52 million as of September 2013. In 2014 Time named Yao on the list of 100 global celebrities.
 Sarah Harrison (born 2 September 1990 in Malta) also known as SARA is a British/Maltese artist DJ/producer and musician.
 Biquardus (also Wiquardus Giquardus and Guiquardus) (fl. c. 1440 – 1450) was a composer most likely from the Picardy province of France. Three of his works can be found in the St. Emmeram Choirbook although they may simply be contrafacta (new text to old music). These are In excelsis te laudant Ave stella matutina and Resurexit victor mortis.
 Lisa McMann (born February 27 1968) is an American author.She lives near Phoenix Arizona.
 Rah Digga (born Rashia Fisher) is an American rapper and actress. Well known as a longtime member of the Flipmode Squad a hip hop group led by Busta Rhymes she parted ways amicably with the group in 2007. She has been called one of rap's most prominent women MCs by Allmusic and one of hip-hop's most skilled female MCs in the book How to Rap. Rah Digga is a resident of Newark New Jersey.
 Berthe Morisot (French: [mɔʁizo]; January 14 1841 – March 2 1895) was a painter and a member of the circle of painters in Paris who became known as the Impressionists. She was described by Gustave Geffroy in 1894 as one of les trois grandes dames of Impressionism alongside Marie Bracquemond and Mary Cassatt.In 1864 she exhibited for the first time in the highly esteemed Salon de Paris.
 Pasquale Pontecorvo (Naples 1833-) was an Italian painter and decorator; he was prolific in decorating historical and sacred subjects in oil and fresco. He also performed many restorations.
 Francesco Rizzo da Santacroce also known as Francesco di Bernardo de' Vecchi Da Santa Croce (active 1510 – 1545) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period active mainly in Bergamo and Venice.
 Jerzy Waldorff or Jerzy Waldorff-Preyss of the Nabram coat of arms (May 4 1910 – December 29 1999) was a Polish baron an attorney by profession a TV personality writer publicist literary critic and a music aficionado. He wrote over 20 books mostly on the subject of classical music and society and was also named as an honorary citizen of both Warsaw and Słupsk. Waldorff had a relationship with the classical dancer Mieczysław Jankowski for 61 years.
 Lawrence Benjamin Larry Bunker (November 4 1928 – March 8 2005) was an American jazz drummer vibraphonist and percussionist. A member of the Bill Evans Trio in the mid-1960s he also played timpani with the Los Angeles Philharmonic orchestra.
 Edmond Malone (4 October 1741 – 25 May 1812) was an Irish Shakespearean scholar and editor of the works of William Shakespeare.Assured of an income after the death of his father in 1774 Malone was able to give up his law practice for at first political and then more congenial literary pursuits. He went to London where he frequented literary and artistic circles.
 John Verlenden is an American academic writer and award-winning translator of Arabic literature. He obtained a BA in English literature from Rhodes College in 1986 followed by an MFA in Creative Writing from Louisiana State University in 1988. He has taught at a number of universities in the USA and the Middle East and currently works at the American University in Cairo.
 Anders Aarum (born 17 December 1974 in Moss Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (piano) known from numerous albums and international collaborations like Sonny Simmons Ola Kvernberg Tine Asmundsen Sigurd Køhn Børre Dalhaug Nora Brockstedt and Even Kruse Skatrud.
 Jason Roberts is an American writer of fiction and nonfiction. He is best known for the bestselling A Sense of the World: How a Blind Man Became History's Greatest Traveler (2006) a biography of James Holman the blind adventurer of the early 19th century.
 George Louis Palmella Busson du Maurier (6 March 1834 – 8 October 1896) was a French-born British cartoonist and author known for his cartoons in Punch and also for his novel Trilby. He was the father of actor Gerald du Maurier and grandfather of the writers Angela du Maurier and Dame Daphne du Maurier. He was also the father of Sylvia Llewelyn Davies and grandfather of the five boys who inspired J.M. Barrie's Peter Pan.
 Fabbien Nahounou (born May 19 1984) better known as Paperboy Fabe is an American Grammy Award Nominated R&B hip hop and contemporary music producer. Paperboy Fabe is from Hartford Connecticut and now reside in Los Angeles California. Fabe is best known for his production on Cyhi Da Prynce “Studda” Game “Do It B.I.G” Feat Yung Joc & Cyhi Da Prynce “Thousand Poundz” Feat Pusha T & Pill.
 Mayu Nozomi (希美 まゆ Nozomi Mayu born October 5 1989) is a Japanese AV idol gravure model actress and singer.
 Lisa Ekdahl (born July 29 1971 in Hägersten Stockholm Sweden) is a Swedish singer and song writer in popular music. She has so far published 10 albums most of them in the Swedish language but some entirely in English. Her voice has been described as child-like and soft supple and smooth. Her Swedish lyrics have been praised.
 Columbus Calvin Duke Pearson Jr (Atlanta Georgia August 17 1932 – Atlanta August 4 1980) was an American jazz pianist and composer. Allmusic notes him as being a big part in shaping the Blue Note label's hard bop direction in the 1960s as a producer.
 Karnail Gill (Punjabi: ਕਰਨੈਲ ਗਿੱਲ) was a Punjabi folk singer of Punjab. He is best known for his duets with Bibi Harneet Narinder Biba Gulshan Komal Kuldeep Kaur Parminder Sandhu Ranjit Kaur Sukhwant Sukhi Surinder Kaur Swaran Lata and many more.Suffering from spinal cancer he died on June 24 2012 survived by his wife Sukhjinder Kaur son Gurtej Singh and two daughters Kanwardeep Kaur and Kirandeep Kaur. He was cremated at his village of Jamalpur in Ludhiana district.
 Thalia Field (born 1966) is an American writer and editor known for interdisciplinary multimedia collaborations. She teaches experimental fiction and performance at Brown University. She has published three books of experimental writing and prose poetry with New Directions Publishing most recently Bird Lovers Backyard in 2010.
 Chas Cronk is an English singer-songwriter and musician.
 William Hastie Geissler (1894 Edinburgh - 1963) was a Scottish artist known for his watercolours of the natural world. He was one of the Edinburgh School and much of his earlier work came from sketching trips undertaken with other members of this group though he himself is sometimes described as a neglected member. Geissler and William Gillies both graduated from Edinburgh College of Art in 1922 having won scholarships and exhibited for several years with colleagues as The 1922 Group.
 Denis Saverot is a French author and the editor of the French wine publication La Revue du vin de France.In 2008 Saverot accused the French government of contempt for French culture after a Paris court ruled that a Le Parisien article on Champagne was considered advertising subject to the Evin law regulating alcohol and tobacco advertising.Saverot co-authored the 2008 book In Vino Satanas with the Le Journal du Dimanche journalist Benoist Simmat describing a French wine industry that is currently in a crisis and accusing the French government of subverting the French wine industry in favour of the pharmaceutical industry.Saverot has also written the foreword to the bande dessinée comic book written by Simmat and illustrated by Philippe Bercovici satirising the American wine critic Robert M. 
 Margaret Eleanor Whiting (July 22 1924 – January 10 2011) was a singer of American popular music and country music who first made her reputation during the 1940s and 1950s.
 Nela Pocisková (October 4 1990 in Bratislava) is a Slovak singer and actress who was the Slovakian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 with Kamil Mikulčík. The song Leť tmou was chosen after a national final. They were the first singers to represent Slovakia at the contest since the Eurovision Song Contest 1998 but failed to reach the Eurovision final.In 2010 she won the fourth season of Let's Dance the Slovak version of Dancing with the Stars.
 Brandon Jerwa is an American comic book writer and musician currently residing in Seattle Washington. Jerwa is best known for his work on comic tie-ins for several prominent licensed properties including Battlestar Galactica Highlander G.I. Joe and Army of Darkness. Jerwa also collaborates frequently with fellow writer Eric S.
 Samuel L. M. Barlow (June 1 1892 - September 19 1982) was a Harvard-educated American composer pianist and art critic. His compositional style was conservative for his day and he once stated that he wrote tunes that wouldn't shock Papa Brahms. However his music was innovative in its frequent exploration of new performance techniques and practices; including the use of slide projections for his 1936 symphonic concerto Babar.
 Oh Hye-Rin (born May 7 1989) better known by her stage name Raina is the Main Vocalist of her group After School (band). She is also the leader of After School sub-unit Orange Caramel. Raina debuted with the group in November 2009 following the release of the groups second single Because of You.
 Dee Clark (November 7 1938 – December 7 1990) was an American soul singer best known for a string of R&B and pop hits in the late 1950s and early 1960s including the song Raindrops which became a million-seller in the United States in 1961.
 Murat Kaya (February 15 1971) is a German writer. Kaya was born in Hamburg and worked for the German version of MAD.
 Camille Bouvagne (born Jean-Baptiste Camille Bouvagne) (1864 – 1936) was a French painter from Lyon France. A member of the Lyon School (L'École de Lyon or École lyonnaise) Bouvagne exhibited regularly at the Le Salon in Lyon (Salon de la Société Lyonnaise des Beaux-Arts).
 Benny Haag born May 8 1961 is a Swedish actor and current party leader of Spritpartiet (Liquor Party) who will run in the Swedish general election 2010 on September 19.
 Ivy Tan also known as Chen Ai Wei (Chinese: 陈艾薇) is a Singaporean radio personality. She works as a radio host for Singapore-based Chinese music station YES 933 which she joined in 2007. She attended Ngee Ann Polytechnic where she took mass communications. She is single.
 Beatriz da Costa (June 11 1974 – December 27 2012) was an interdisciplinary artist known for her work at the intersection of contemporary art science engineering and politics. Her projects took the form of public interventions and workshops conceptual tool building and critical writing.
 Josef Schmid (born Germany 1890 - died New York City 1969) was a conductor composer and composition teacher. He was one of the first students of Alban Berg with whom he studied before World War I. As a conductor Schmid had been an assistant to both Zemlinsky and Erich Kleiber. As a composer Schmid was associated with Berg and Webern but considered himself a musical godson of Schoenberg.
 Milagros Ninnete Corretjer Maldonado known as Millie Corretjer(born April 18 1974 is a Puerto Rican singer and actress. She is married to retired boxer Oscar De La Hoya.
 Raymond Abbott (born April 21 1942) is an American novelist.
 Jean Shinoda Bolen M.D. is a psychiatrist (Jungian archetypes) and author. Bolen has written several books on the archetypal psychology of women and men in the development of spirituality and is one of the women featured in the 1986 film Women - for America for the World (Academy Award for Best Documentary (Short Subject)) and 1989 National Film Board of Canada documentary Goddess Remembered.
 Ron Robertson-Swann OAM (born 1941 Sydney) is an Australian sculptor best known for his controversial abstract public sculpture Vault (1980). His sculpture has been described as being in the Anthony Caro style which he adopted after studying at Saint Martin's School of Art London in the 1960s. He studied under Lyndon Dadswell and was an assistant to Henry Moore.
 James Stanley Brakhage (/ˈbrækədʒ/ BRAK-əj; January 14 1933 – March 9 2003) better known as Stan Brakhage was an American non-narrative filmmaker.
 Michał Szpak (born 26 November 1990) is a Polish singer who found fame on the first series of the Polish X Factor in June 2011. On Sunday 5 June 2011 Szpak and Alexandra Burke sang Hallelujah during the final.Musical influences: Queen Muse Zbigniew Preisner Pink Floyd David Bowie Marilyn Manson Michael Jackson.
 Dorian Leljak is a Serbian pianist holding a professorship at the Academy of Arts in Novi Sad where he was trained under Arbo Valdma and the presidency of the European Piano Teachers Association's Vojvodina branch. Leljak is to serve as a juror at the XVIII Cleveland International Piano Competition.
 DJ Bitman (born José Antonio Bravo 1975) also known as Latin Bitman or simply Bitman is a Chilean electronic music producer composer and DJ.
 Donald J. DJ Bonebrake (born December 8 1955) is an American musician from California who first emerged as the drummer of the punk rock band Eyes (also featuring Charlotte Caffey of The Go-Go's). He is best known as an original member of and drummer for punk rock band X of which he is still an active member.Bonebrake is the only founding member of X from California (whereas the other three are originally from Illinois) having grown up in the San Fernando Valley.
 Eleanor Joanne Daley or simply Eleanor Daley as she is more widely known and publicized (born in Parry Sound Ontario on April 21 1955) is a Canadian composer of choral and church music a church choirmaster choral clinician and accompanist.Among her best-known works are The Rose Trilogy and Requiem. Daley holds a bachelor's degree in organ performance from Queens University in Kingston Ontario and holds multiple diplomas in piano and organ having studied in both Canada and England.
 Stacy Morze is an American actor and musician best known for her role as Grace 'Lambchops' Lamb in Fame and as the drummer for post punk group Uke til U Puke. Born in Philadelphia PA Stacy Morze starred in Annie on Broadway. While at Nazareth Academy High School she participated in many high school musicals. She was lead singer for the group The Brat Pack that opened for Pretty Poison at a local teen club in the 1980s called Mardi Gras.
 David Dave Gahan (/ˈɡɑːn/; born 9 May 1962) is an English singer-songwriter best known as the baritone lead singer for the British electronic music band Depeche Mode since their debut in 1980. He is also an accomplished solo artist releasing albums in 2003 (Paper Monsters) and 2007 (Hourglass).
 Dennis Kim better known by his stage name Denizen Kane is an underground rapper and spoken word artist. Denizen Kane is co-founder of the underground rap crew Typical Cats with fellow MCs Qwazaar and Qwel and producers / DJs Kid Knish and DJ Natural. He is also a founding member of Asian-American spoken word group I Was Born with Two Tongues.
 Jim Couza was an American hammered dulcimer player born in New Bedford Massachusetts April 27 1945 and resident in England since 1982; he died in 2009. In addition to the hammered dulcimer Couza also played Appalachian dulcimer and guitar. He made several recordings both solo and with the D'Uberville Ramblers. He also worked with Björk on the album Post and with Peter Gabriel on OVO (Couza is featured on a track called The Time Of The Turning (reprise) / Weavers Reel).
 Thomas Lang (About this sound listen ; born August 5 1967 Vienna) is an Austrian drummer multi-instrumentalist composer and record producer. He is the founding member of the Los Angeles-based progressive/avant garde metal band stOrk.Lang took up drumming at age 5. In addition to lessons at local music schools and years of private tuition he was classically trained at the Vienna Conservatory of Music.
 Anen was an Ancient Egyptian official during the late Eighteenth dynasty of Egypt. He was the son of Yuya and Tjuyu and the brother of Queen Tiye the wife of Pharaoh Amenhotep III. Under the rule of his brother-in-law Anen became the Chancellor of Lower Egypt Second Prophet of Amun sem-priest of Heliopolis and acquired the title Divine Father. Anen is depicted in a notable surviving statue (Turin 5484) now in Turin Italy. A shabti of his is now in Hague.
 Lawrence Earl Wiezel (April 29 1915 - April 5 2005) known professionally as Lawrence Earl was a Canadian journalist and novelist. He is best known for his novels Yangtse Incident which was adapted into the 1957 film Yangtse Incident: The Story of H.M.S.
 Robert William Lamm (born October 13 1944) is an American keyboardist singer and songwriter who came to fame as a founding member of the pop rock band Chicago. He wrote many of the band's biggest hits including Does Anybody Really Know What Time It Is? Beginnings Saturday in the Park Dialogue (Part I & II) and 25 or 6 to 4.
 Gernot Notty Pachernigg is an Austrian singer.
 Muriel Rahn (1911 – 1961) was an American vocalist and actress. She co-founded the Rose McClendon Players with her husband Dick Campbell and was one of the leading black concert singers of the mid-20th Century. She is perhaps best known for her starring role in the original Broadway production of Carmen Jones. Rahn also served as musical director of the German State Theater in Frankfurt.
 Wayne Handy (born May 14 1935) is a rockabilly singer.
 Andrew Ripp is a singer-songwriter from Palatine Illinois. Before releasing his debut album Fifty Miles to Chicago in 2008 Andrew first broke into the national music scene as a songwriter; his contributions such as Ryan Cabrera's album You Stand Watching have charted on the Billboard Hot 100 Top 40 Mainstream Pop 100 Airplay Pop 100 and Hot Digital Songs charts.
 Ambersunshower (born Ambersunshower Nadine Miligros Villenuevo Smith) is an R&B singer and former member of the hip hop duo Groove Garden. Gee Street Records released Ambersunshower's debut solo album Walter T. Smith in 1996. A single from the album Running Song later appeared on the soundtrack album from the film The Great White Hype while another song Look Around My Window was included on the Senseless soundtrack.
 Iain Campbell Smith is an Australian diplomat singer/songwriter and comedian. He performs under the stage name Fred Smith in Australia and his full name in the United States.
 Jeff Dawson is a Canadian record producer song writer engineer and mixer. Vancouver-based Jeff Dawson developed and produced the breakthrough self-titled second album for Daniel Powter. After working on Daniel's songs and helping develop the project's sound over 3 years Warner Bros. Chairman/CEO Tom Whalley took one listen and knew he had something extraordinary.
 Johan Nicolai Severin Lieblein (1866 – 1933) was a Norwegian writer.He was born in Kristiania as a son of Jens Lieblein (1827–1911) and his first wife Johanne Alette Danielsen (1838–1866). His father married anew in 1869.He became known for the short story collections Fra fremmed land (1901) Kismet (1909) and I baldakinens skygge (1917) and the children's book Bedre mands børn (1902).
 Domenico Morani (Polistena Reggio Calabria 1824- Rome 1870) was an Italian painter and sculptor active mainly in Naples Italy. He painted mostly historic and religious topics.His father Fortunato Morani was an engineer. He trained with Tito Angelini. In 1832 at the Benedictine Convent of La Cava he had a fortuitous encounter with the English poet Walter Scott this led to some patronage by the local English expatriate community.
 Franz Andreas Bauer (later Francis) (March 14 1758 – December 11 1840) was an Austrian microscopist and botanical artist.Born in Feldsberg Moravia (now Valtice Czech Republic) he was the son of Lucas Bauer (died 1761) court painter to the Prince of Liechtenstein and brother of the painters Josef Anton (1756–1830) and Ferdinand Bauer (1760–1826). After Lucas Bauer's death his wife Therese continued to give her three sons lessons in art and illustration.
 Christopher Chris Xefos (born January 5 1964) is an American multi-instrumentalist musician/engineer/producer and former member of band King Missile. He plays various instruments such as accordion bass piano and synthesizer among others. He began recording/producing various groups in New York during the 1980s including indie-rock legends Phantom Tollbooth. In 1989 he joined the New York City avant-garde spoken word/art rock group King Missile.
 Angélique Kpasseloko Hinto Hounsinou Kandjo Manta Zogbin Kidjo commonly known as Angélique Kidjo is a Grammy Award–winning Beninoise singer-songwriter and activist noted for her diverse musical influences and creative music videos. Time Magazine has called her Africa's premier diva. The BBC has included Kidjo in its list of the African continent's 50 most iconic figures.
 Paul McDermott (born 13 May 1962) is an Australian comedian actor writer director singer artist and television host. As a comedian he is best known both for Good News Week and for his role as a member of the musical comedy group the Doug Anthony All Stars which disbanded in 1994; he has also performed individually and as a part of GUD.
 Margaret B. Lettvin is an American writer and promoter of exercise and health. She was known in the Boston area in the 1970s for a television show called Maggie and The Beautiful Machine and a book based on the show. After a serious car accident she developed a set of exercises for back pain which became Maggie's Back Book (ISBN 0395251478).She is the widow of MIT professor Jerry Lettvin.
 Vasil Iljoski (Macedonian: Васил Иљоски Kruševo Ottoman Empire 20 December 1902 - Skopje Republic of Macedonia 1 November 1995) was a Macedonian writer dramatist professor and an important figure in the Macedonian literature especially in Macedonian drama between the two World Wars. He was born in Kruševo in 1902. His play Begalka or known as Lenče Kumanovče performed in 1928 in the Skopje theatre is considered one of the first plays written in the Macedonian language.
 Carolee Schneemann (born October 12 1939) is an American visual artist known for her discourses on the body sexuality and gender. She received a B.A. from Bard College and an M.F.A. from the University of Illinois. Her work is primarily characterized by research into visual traditions taboos and the body of the individual in relationship to social bodies.
 Eir Aoi (藍井 エイル Aoi Eiru born November 30 1988) is a Japanese singer from Sapporo Hokkaido and is signed to SME Records. She was discovered through the Nico Nico Douga video sharing website.
 Jean Le Poulain (1924–1988) was a French actor.
 James Ramey (August 17 1944 – October 28 1970) better known as Baby Huey was an American rock and soul singer. He was the frontman for the band Baby Huey & the Babysitters whose single LP for Curtom Records in 1971 was influential in the development of hip hop music.
 Craig Bonich (also known as Bon) is best known as the guitarist for alternative pop rock band Head Automatica. Bonich co-wrote the hit song from Head Automatica's 1st album Decadence called Beating Heart Baby.[citation needed]Bonich recently joined Jeremy Lublin of We Are The Fury to create the Romans. The band's single Let's Get It On is featured in the latest Royal Caribbean TV commercial in the U.K. and Ireland.
 Dr. Himani Narang (Hindi:डॉक्टर हिमानी नारंग) populaarly known as Himani Narang (Hindi:डॉक्टर हिमानी नारंग)(born December 10 1984) a leading Kathak exponent (Kathak : The classical Dance form of India).
 David Ryan Adams (born November 5 1974) is an American singer songwriter guitarist and producer. He is best known for his prolific solo career and as a former member of alt-country band Whiskeytown with whom he recorded three studio albums.In 2000 Adams left Whiskeytown and released his first solo album Heartbreaker to critical acclaim. The album was nominated for the Shortlist Music Prize.
 Fionnbar Callanan is an Irish sports photographer and journalist.
 Yngve Gamlin (17 March 1926 – 1 February 1995) was a Swedish actor and film director. His 1965 film The Chasers was entered into the 16th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear Extraordinary Jury Prize.
 Robert Lazzarini (born September 22 1965 in Denville New Jersey) is an American artist who lives and works in New York. He has been exhibited nationally and internationally since 1995 and is included in major collections such as the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden Washington D.C.; the Whitney Museum of American Art New York; and the Walker Art Center Minneapolis.
 Vicky Hamilton (born April 1 1958) is an American record executive personal manager promoter and club booker writer (journalist playwright and screenwriter) documentary film maker and artist.Hamilton is noted for managing the early careers of Guns N' Roses Poison and Faster Pussycat; for being a management consultant for Mötley Crüe and Stryper a 1980s concert promoter on the Sunset Strip and a club booker at Bar Sinister from 2001 to 2010.Hamilton did A&R at Geffen Records from 1988 to 1992 worked at Lookout Management at Vapor Records from 1994 to 1996 and as an A&R consultant at Capitol Records from 1997 to 1999. 
 Ohad Benchetrit is a Canadian musician. He plays guitar bass saxophone and flute for the post-rock band Do Make Say Think and has also contributed to albums by Broken Social Scene Feist The Hidden Cameras and Charles Spearin.He collaborated in a project called Sphyr which released one album A Poem for M in 2003.Ohad released his first solo record on May 5 2009 on the Arts & Crafts label under the name Years.
 Agostino Lamma (1636–1700) was an Italian painter active in Venice and specializing in battle paintings. He was trained under Antonio Calza and his Siege of Vienna by the Turks painted in the style of Mattias Stom. He died in Venice.
 Glenn Greenwald (born March 6 1967) is an American political journalist lawyer columnist blogger and author. He was a columnist for Guardian US from August 2012 to October 2013. He was a columnist for Salon.com from 2007 to 2012 and an occasional contributor to The Guardian. Greenwald worked as a constitutional and civil rights litigator. At Salon he contributed as a columnist and blogger focusing on political and legal topics.
 Donald Roynald Bensen (October 3 1927 – October 19 1997) also known as Don Bensen and sometimes listed as D.R. Bensen was an American editor and science fiction writer. Editorally he is best known for editing works of P. G. Wodehouse and his involvement in their re-issue in paperback in the United States. Authorially he is best known for his 1978 alternative history novel And Having Writ… published first by Bobbs-Merrill.
 Ramon Casas i Carbó (Catalan pronunciation: [rəˈmoŋ ˈkazəs]) (4 January 1866 – 29 February 1932) was a Catalan Spanish artist.
 Steve Mason is a Scottish musician best known as the lead singer and one of the founding members of The Beta Band. According to Q magazine after leaving the band Mason was so deep in debt at one point that he was forced to take a second job on a building site.
 Pat Marie Gagon (born December 12 1955) is an American actress singer author and entrepreneur most notable for her gospel country style of music. and hit solo single Outlaw Blues.
 Juraj Matija Šporer or Đuro Matija Šporer or George Sporer or Đuro Matić Šporer (1795—1884) was a physician and writer. His father was the first major of French controlled Karlovac and one of the first Freemasons in Karlovac who had significant influence on his son's Illyrianism. He is referred to as one of the forerunners of Illyrian movement. Šporer was the first Croat who attempted to publish a native (Illyrian) language newspaper.
 Steven Cavanagh (S J Cavanagh) is an Australian short fiction writer and song parody artist. He is best known for his collection of Star Wars song parodies the Songbook of the Whills.
 Juan Sánchez Cotán (June 25 1560 – September 8 1627) was a Spanish Baroque painter a pioneer of realism in Spain. His still life—also called bodegones—were painted in an austere style especially when compared to similar works in Netherlands and Italy.
 Professor Ludwig Marcuse (February 8 1894 in Berlin – August 2 1971 in Bad Wiessee) was a philosopher and writer of Jewish origin.From 1933 to 1940 Marcuse lived in France settling with other German exiles in Sanary-sur-Mer. From 1940 to 1950 he lived in Los Angeles. He returned to Germany at the end of his life.In 1962 his non-fiction book Obscene: The history of an indignation was published.
 Andrew Andy White (born 27 July 1930) is a Scottish drummer best known for replacing Ringo Starr on drums on The Beatles' first single Love Me Do. White featured on the American 7 single release of the song which also appeared on the band's debut British album Please Please Me. He also played on the Love Me Do single B-side P.S. I Love You.White has played with many other prominent musicians and groups including Chuck Berry Billy Fury Herman's Hermits and Tom Jones.
 Hope Partlow (born May 31 1988) is an American pop singer from Drummonds Tennessee. Hope now goes by her married name Hope Wilson and is recording a country album independently.
 Richard Rick Veitch (born May 7 1951) is an American comic book artist and writer who has worked in mainstream underground and alternative comics.
 Daniel Belardinelli (May 12 1961) is an American self-taught artist associated with outsider art as well as a lawyer.
 Percy W. (William) D. Izzard OBE (September 1877 - 1968) was the well-known gardening correspondent on the Daily Mail newspaper and author of several books on gardening.
 Steve Wade is an award-winning Australian singer songwriter and musician. For four years he was the lead vocalist for Little River Band. Wade is a two-time winner of Australian Songwriter of the Year.
 Mary Anderson (born January 20 1939) is an American author of mystery novels for children and young adults the majority published by Atheneum Books New York.
 James F. Chappell (1891–1964) was an American astronomer and photographer.He worked at the Lick Observatory where he performedphotography of the Moon. He is noted for the development of special photographic techniques for use in astronomy.The crater Chappell on the Moon is named after him.
 John Jennings is an American musician: a guitarist multi-instrumentalist and music producer.Among his credits as a producer are eight albums which he produced for Mary Chapin Carpenter as well as releases by BeauSoleil John Gorka and Janis Ian.
 Jeanne Liotta (born 1960) is an American visual artist who is primarily known for her experimental films. She is also currently a professor of film studies at the University of Colorado Boulder and the Milton Avery Graduate School of the Arts at Bard College. She lives between New York City and Colorado.
 Brandon Manilow is a Czech actor in gay pornography.According to his profile on the Bel Ami website he studied at a special sports school.
 Elaine Corvidae is an American fantasy author.Corvidae says when she was eight years old she came home from school and declared she would be a writer. She has published many novels including three trilogies short stories in various anthologies and two novels serialized for free on her website.
 Mohammad Din Mohammad is a Singaporean Malay painter who is known for his expressive works of art inspired by Sufism. Mohammad's paintings and sculptures are also heavily influenced by his devotion to the practice of the Malay martial arts called silat.He was also a practising bomoh or Malay healer.Born in Kampung Gangsa in Malacca Malaysia Mohammad's family migrated to Singapore when he was two years old.
 Antônio Renato Aragão (born on January 13 1935 in Sobral Ceará) is a Brazilian comedian actor producer and writer. He is best known for leading the television series Os Trapalhões.
 Lakshminarayana Ambi Subramaniam (born 5 August 1991) is an Indian/American violinist pianist and singer. He began performing at the age of six and was proclaimed the ‘New King of Indian Classical Music’ by the Times of India at age sixteen.The first two albums he was featured on Violin Maestros (released in 2007) and Live at Neues Gewandhaus Leipzig (released in 2009) won GiMA awards; the former also won a BiMA. His strongest musical influence is his father and guru Dr. L.
 Boo Cook (born 1972) is a British comic artist whose work mainly features in the comic 2000 AD.
 Giuseppe Lanza Duke of Camastra was a 17th-century Sicilian nobleman who oversaw the reconstruction of many Sicilian towns and cities following the earthquake of 1693.He was created 1st Duke of Camastra and Prince of Santo Stefano. He married twice his first wife whom he married in Palermo in 1668 was Maria Gomez de Sylveira Principessa di Santo Stefano the daughter of Luigi Gomez de Sylveira and Giovanna Ferreri she died 1675.
 Toshiro Yanagiba (柳葉 敏郎 Yanagiba Toshirō born January 3 1961) is a Japanese actor.
 Tania del Rio (born November 16) is an American cartoonist working mainly in comic books. She is a graduate of the Minneapolis College of Art and Design with a BFA in animation.In 2003 Tania’s manga entry Lovesketch was selected to appear in TOKYOPOP’s Rising Stars of Manga anthology volume 2. She worked for Archie Comics as the writer and artist of Sabrina the Teenage Witch a monthly comic that was given a shōjo manga makeover from 2004 to 2009.
 Bodan Arsovski (born in Kumanovo 1956) is a Macedonian bassist and a core founding member of the rock group Leb i sol one of the most important rock bands in the former Yugoslavia. He is the only band member to have played on every Leb i sol record. He also released four solo albums.
 Hugh Clifton was a British actor of the silent era.
 Show Luo is a Taiwanese actor signer and host. He is commonly known by his Chinese nickname Xiao Zhu (Little Pig).
 Katherine McCoy (born Katherine Jane Braden in Decatur Illinois October 12 1945) is an American graphic designer and educator best known for her work as the co-chair of the graduate Design program for Cranbrook Academy of Art.During her extensive career spanning education and professional practice McCoy worked with groundbreaking design firm Unimark Chrysler Corporation and with Muriel Cooper in the early days of MIT Press while at the Boston design firm Omnigraphics.
 Hady Mirza (born January 28 1980) (Jawi: حدي ميرزا) is a Singaporean singer. He is the winner of the second season of the reality TV show Singapore Idol. He was crowned the winner on 25 September 2006 at the Singapore Indoor Stadium after garnering 70% of about one million votes cast by television viewers.He was also the winner of the world's first Asian Idol competition held on 16 December 2007 in Jakarta Indonesia.
 Dennis Drew Arundell (22 July 1898 in Finchley London – 10 December 1988 in Camden London) was a British actor librettist opera scholar translator producer director conductor and composer of incidental music.
 William Dehning (born August 13 1942) is an American conductor teacher and author who spent almost his entire career in the collegiate realm. He is known primarily for his work as conductor of the University of Southern California Thornton Chamber Choir and as author of the book Chorus Confidential: Decoding the Secrets of the Choral Art published in 2003.
 Lee Yeongdo (Hangul:이영도 Hanja:李英道; born 1972) is a Korean novelist known for his work in fantasy and science fiction genre. He is best known for his Dragon Raja series of fantasy novels which is also his debut work serialised on an online forum from 1997 and published on its completion in 1998.At the time Dragon Raja was first published Korean readership for fantasy genre(specifically its medievalist form) was considered unsubstantial and unaccounted for by press.
 Theophilus Musa London (born February 23 1987) is a Trinidadian-born American rapper from Brooklyn New York City.
 Fanie de Jager (born 8 April 1949) is a South African operatic tenor and singer of light classical music.
 Dan E. Moldea (born February 27 1950) is a best-selling author and investigative journalist who has reported on organized crime and political corruption since 1974. He is the author of books about the rise and fall of Jimmy Hoffa the contract killing of an Ohio businessman the Mafia's penetration of Hollywood and its influence on professional football as well as works about the murder of Senator Robert Kennedy the O.J.
 Heather Blush is a Canadian jazz and blues singer based in Calgary.She normally performs with her band The Uppercuts who are Steve Hazlett (drums) and Dale Ulan (upright bass); under the name Heather Blush and the Uppercuts.According to Kelly Doody of the Calgary Sun her voice was described as a mix of Joni Mitchell and Norah Jones.Blush was born in Winnipeg Manitoba and grew up in different small towns in the province. She studied to be a music therapist in Florida.
 Jody Miller (born November 29 1941) is an American country music singer. Born as Myrna Joy Miller she was born in Phoenix Arizona and raised in Oklahoma.
 Primo Michele Levi (Italian: [ˈpriːmo ˈlɛːvi]; 31 July 1919 – 11 April 1987) was an Italian Jewish chemist and writer. He was the author of several books novels collections of short stories essays and poems.
 Georgie Davis (artist name of Kees Rietveld born 1969 in The Hague) is a Dutch singer who was one of the first participants of the Soundmixshow in 1985 in which he sang a song by Stevie Wonder.Later in the year Davis scored a no. 5 hit in the Dutch Top 40 with Blackstar. His album The Power of the Young reached no.
 Im Jin-Ah (born September 14 1991) known by her stage name Nana is a South Korean singer model visualist and rapper of the group After School. She is also a member of its subgroups A.S. Red and Orange Caramel and the super idol group Dazzling Red.
 José Manuel Pérez-Muñoz is a Spanish composer and conductor born in Sevilla Andalucía España on 10 October in 1978
 This article refers to the musician. For the district attorney of Travis County Texas see Ronnie Earle.Ronnie Earl (born Ronald Horvath March 10 1953 Queens New York United States) is an American blues guitarist and music instructor.
 Carlos Villa (1936 - 23 March 2013) was a Filipino American visual artist and faculty member in the Painting Department at the San Francisco Art Institute where he had been a faculty member since 1969.
 Andrew Sims better known mononymously as Sims is a rapper based in Minneapolis Minnesota. He is a founding member of the indie hip hop collective Doomtree.City Pages listed him as the 14th best Minnesota rapper.
 Alex Veley is an American rock musician soul keyboardist and singer known for using classic keyboards like the Hammond organ Fender Rhodes electric piano and Hohner Clavinet.He was a founding member of Seattle-based neo-soul band Maktub in the 1990s and co-produced the band's debut album 2000's Subtle Ways which won Best R&B album that year at the Northwest Music Awards.
 Nikita Denise (born July 25 1976) is a Slovak pornographic actress and adult film director.Denise moved from her native Slovakia to Toronto in 1998 and began working on the Canadian strip club circuit. After meeting Jill Kelly at a local signing she was given the phone number for Jim South. Her first scene was with Dillon Day in North Pole 13 in 2000.In 2006 Denise made her directorial debut with the film Nikita's Extreme Idols.
 Erik Ron (born July 4 1985) is an American musician and producer who has worked with such bands as Panic! at The Disco Foxy Shazam Get Scared Attaloss Saosin Allstar Weekend and many more.
 Mai Oshima (大島 麻衣 Ōshima Mai born September 11 1987 in Noda Chiba Japan) is a singer and a former member of the Japanese all-girl pop group AKB48.
 Nagisa Katahira (片平なぎさ Katahira Nagisa) born July 12 1959) is a Japanese television actress with the Horipro company.
 Razumnik Vasilyevich Ivanov-Razumnik (real surname - Ivanov; Разумник Васильевич Иванов-Разумник; December 24 1878 Tiflis Georgia then Russian Empire - July 9 1946 Munich Germany was a Russian Soviet author philosopher and literary critic best known for his book The History of Russian Social Thought (1907 in two volumes) and the series of essays on post-Revolution literary life in the Soviet Russia.
 Mako Oda (織田真子 Oda Mako) is a Japanese actress and former gravure model and AV idol.
 Earl Anthony Johnson (born 1953) better known as Earl Zero is a Jamaican reggae singer whose career began in the 1970s. He is the uncle of Toronto rapper Raz Fresco.
 Jerome John Jerry Garcia (August 1 1942 – August 9 1995) was an American musician who was best known for his lead guitar work singing and songwriting with the band the Grateful Dead which came to prominence during the counterculture era. Though he disavowed the role Garcia was viewed by many as the leader or spokesman of the group.One of its founders Garcia performed with the Grateful Dead for their entire thirty-year career (1965–1995).
 Digby Pearson also known as Dig (born 1962) is a British musician who founded Earache Records which signed some of the most infamous heavy metal acts worldwide in the 1980s and early 1990s. He was raised in Nottingham UK where he began playing music focusing on heavy metal. His band Scum Dribblers failed to achieve success and he began releasing 7 albums of local bands.
 Deb Margolin is an American performance artist and playwright. Coming to prominence in the 1980s in the feminist political theatre troupe Split Britches (of which she was a founding member) Margolin has since made a string of one-woman shows. A compilation of her texts Of All The Nerve: Deb Margolin SOLO was published in 1999 by Cassell/Continuum Press.
 David Warren Dave Ellefson (born November 12 1964) is a bassist and founding member of the American thrash metal band Megadeth. He has also been known as Junior to differentiate him from Dave Mustaine. Ellefson currently resides in Scottsdale Arizona. In addition to playing bass guitar in Megadeth Ellefson also has various side projects which include Temple of Brutality F5 and Killing Machine.
 William Edward Bill Ryder-Jones (born 1983 in Warrington) is an English musician and film score composer from West Kirby Merseyside. He was originally the lead guitarist with The Coral from 1996 until 2008 before leaving the band to pursue a solo career. Ryder-Jones' debut album If... was released in 2011.
 Ron Holzner (born on February 15 1965 in Chicago Illinois) is an American musician songwriter and producer. Holzner is presently the bassist of the heavy metal band Earthen Grave. He also played bass in the Chicago underground doom metal pioneer band Trouble from 1985 to 2002.
 George R. Evans (February 5 1920- June 22 2001) was an American cartoonist and illustrator who worked in both comic books and comic strips. His lifelong fascination with airplanes and the pioneers of early aviation was a constant theme in his art and stories.
 Father Antoni Maria Alcover i Sureda also known (in Catalan) as Mossèn Alcover (Catalan pronunciation: [moˈsɛn əɫkoˈve]) (Santa Cirga Manacor 2 February 1862 – Palma 8 January 1932) was a modernist Majorcan writer who wrote on a wide range of subjects including the Catholic Church folklore and linguistics. He is chiefly associated with efforts to revive interest in the Catalan language and its dialects. Among his works was a Catalan-Valencian-Balearic dictionary.
 Sri Puttur Narasimha Nayak is a Kannada singer vocalist from Karnataka. He sings devotional songs chiefly Haridasa compositions and carnatic classical music. Bhajan singers To his credit he has rendered in Kannada mainly devotional songs by Purandara Dasa Kanaka Dasa and Kirthanaas and has given many public concerts all over the world. His Pavamana jagada prana album was extremely popular.Sri Puttur Narasimha Nayak began to learn music at the age of 14.
 Peter John Dale (born 21 August 1938) is a British poet and translator particularly noted for his skilful but unobtrusive use of poetic form.
 Brian Landrus (born September 14 1978 Nevada USA) is a New York City based jazz saxophonist multi-instrumentalist composer producer & educator .
 Haresh Sharma (born 1965) is a Singaporean playwright. To date he has written more than fifty plays that have been staged all over the world including Singapore Melbourne Glasgow Birmingham Cairo and London. Sharma has a BA from the National University of Singapore as well as an MA in Playwriting from the University of Birmingham obtained in 1994 on a Shell-NAC Scholarship.
 Audun Ben Kristoffer Kleive (born 20 October 1961 in Skien Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (drums and percussion). He was raised in Skien as the son of organist Kristoffer Kleive and brother of organist and composer Iver Kleive.
 Roger Joseph Ebert (/ˈiːbərt/; June 18 1942 – April 4 2013) was an American film critic journalist and screenwriter. He was a film critic for the Chicago Sun-Times from 1967 until his death in 2013. In 1975 he was the first film critic to win the Pulitzer Prize for Criticism. As of 2010 his reviews were syndicated to more than 200 newspapers in the United States and abroad.
 Guy H.
 Vera Matović (Cyrillic: Вера Матовић) is a Serbian folk singer.
 Mark Marderosian (born 1955) is a prolific cartoonist animator and children's book illustrator a comic book artist and noted toy designer.
 Vivian Mercier (1919–1989) was an Irish literary critic. He was born in Clara County Offaly Ireland and educated first at Portora Royal School Enniskillen Co. Fermanagh and then at Trinity College Dublin. He became a Scholar of the College and edited the student magazine T.C.D. Miscellany. After taking his doctorate at Trinity he taught in American universities from the 1940s to the 1980s; his last post was Professor of English at the University of California Santa Barbara.
 Anthony Jenkins better known as P.D.A. is an American pop/hip hop artist and producer from Tulsa OK. The name P.D.A. stands for Public Display of Afflection (Afflection being a hybrid of the words Affliction and Affection for what he states as a the struggle between love and hate). He has been named one of Tulsa's Most Influential People in 2007 2008 and 2010
 Wu Mi (Chinese: 吴宓) (August 20 1894 – January 17 1978) (once using the name Wu Yuheng (吴玉衡)) was one of the founders of Chinese comparative literature a critic redologist (one who studies the Chinese classic book Dream of the Red Chamber) educator and poet. In 1942 he become a professor in Ministry of Education (Republic of China). He was also one of the originators to begin Tsinghua University's school of Sinology.
 Radovan Jovićević (Serbian Cyrillic: Радован Јовићевић) is a Serbian pop-rock/folk music composer producer and band leader. He was born in Belgrade on January 31 1956. He has lived in New York City since 1999.
 Brenda Russell (born Brenda Gordon April 8 1949 Brooklyn New York) is an American-Canadian singer-songwriter and keyboardist whose roots are deeply embedded in African-American Music Culture. Known for her eclectic musical style her recordings have encompassed several different genres including pop soul dance jazz and adult contemporary.
 Péter Kun (October 29 1967 – July 10 1993) was a Hungarian hard rock guitarist. He played for such bands like Pokolgép or Edda művek. He died in a motorcycle accident in 1993; he was barely 26 years old. He was regarded as one of the most accomplished young guitarists of the time.He has a daughter Petra Kun.
 Darryl Kevin Richardson II (born January 19 1984) better known by his stage name Lil Scrappy is an American rapper.Richardson was discovered by producer and performer Lil Jon while performing at a bar when a fight broke out during his set in his hometown of Atlanta Georgia.
 Dominique Venner (French: [vɛnɛʁ]; April 16 1935 – May 21 2013) was a French historian journalist and essayist. Venner was a member of the Organisation de l'armée secrète and later became a European nationalist before withdrawing from politics to focus on a career as a historian. He specialized in military and political history. At the time of his death he was the editor of the La Nouvelle Revue d'Histoire a bimonthly history magazine.
 Matt S. Wayne is an American writer of comic books and television. Wayne is probably best known for his work on the animated series Justice League Unlimited Ben 10: Omniverse and The Super Hero Squad Show and writing and editing comic books for Milestone Media.
 Cyril James Smith OBE (11 August 1909 – 2 August 1974)was a virtuoso concert pianist of the 1930s 1940s and 1950s and a piano teacher.
 Rudolf Lindau (10 October 1829 – 14 October 1910) was a Germandiplomatist and author.
 Piotr Marzec (born August 12 1971 in Busko Zdrój Poland) better known as Liroy (Leeroy) is a rapper living in Kielce.He is one of the pioneers of rap and hip-hop culture in Poland. His CDs include East On Da Mic (as PM Cool Lee) Albóóm Bafangoo Part 1 L Bafangoo Part 2 (Dzień Szaka-La) Bestseller and L-Nińo vol. 1.
 Royal Wade Kimes (born March 4 1951 in Chester Arkansas) is an American country music singer.
 Adam LaClave is an American musician and singer. He was one of the vocalists and songwriters for the Christian band Earthsuit. The group's only major-label album Kaleidoscope Superior was critically successful. However the band broke up soon afterward. LaClave formed a new band called Macrosick along with bassist Jon Allen with former Earthsuit Members Paul Meany Darren King and Mutemath guitarist Greg Hill helping to give it a start.
 Gene Redding (born 1945 Anderson Indiana) was an American singer who was discovered by Etta James at a USO Club in Anchorage Alaska.He released one album on Capitol Records in 1974 entitled Blood Brother. The album hit #45 on the Billboard Black Albums chart on the strength of the singles Blood Brothers (U.S. Black Singles #80) and This Heart (U.S. Black Singles #31 U.S. Pop Singles #24).
 Ed Askew is a painter and singer-songwriter who first recorded in 1968 and now lives in New York City.
 Susie Frazier (born August 21 1970 Inglewood California) also known as Susie Frazier Mueller is an environmental artist who designs fine art and public art based on the smallest patterns of the earth. Influenced by the way life self-organizes and the Wabi Sabi design aesthetic Frazier uses actual found objects from the field to reinterpret nature's motifs. Her assemblage ecoart is characterized by signs of aging and imperfection in the natural materials.
 Magne Furuholmen (Norwegian pronunciation: [mɑŋnə fʉ:ɾʉhɔlmən]) (born 1 November 1962 in Oslo Norway) is a Norwegian musician and visual arts artist. He is best known as the keyboardist of the pop band A-ha.
 India Knight (born 1965) is a British journalist and author. She is known for her contribution to the British media as well as her books: My Life on a Plate Don't You Want Me? The Shops Neris and India's Idiot-Proof Diet and The Thrift Book (2008) all of which are published by Penguin books. Her novels have been translated into 28 languages.
 Katrina Holden Bronson is an American film director screenwriter and actress. She is the adopted daughter of fellow actors Charles Bronson and Jill Ireland.
 Luca Antonio Colomba (1674–1737) was a Swiss Baroque painter born at Arogno. His style was distinguished for its happy compositions and its careful design as also for the delicate and tender colours. He painted in oil and fresco.He was the son of Giovanni Battista Colomba of Arogno in the Swiss-Italian region of Ticino.
 Sunny Jain is an American dhol player drummer and composer. He is recognized as a lead voice in the burgeoning movement of South Asian-American jazz musicians. His seven albums have all received international acclaim for their groundbreaking synthesis (Coda Magazine) as he brings together the ancient sounds of his cultural heritage America's greatest original art form and a host of other sounds.
 Dame Malvina Lorraine Major ONZ GNZM DBE (born 28 January 1943) is a New Zealand opera singer.
 Meredith Post is an American television writer. When Douglas Marland died in 1993 she was in the running to become Head Writer of ATWT. That title went to Juliet Law Packer and Richard Backus.
 John Gerald Christopher Ryan (4 March 1921 – 22 July 2009) was a British animator and cartoonist best known for his character Captain Pugwash. His brother was Roman Catholic theologian and philosopher Columba Ryan.
 Natalie Christine Horler (born 23 September 1981) is a German-born English singer and television presenter. She is known as the lead singer of Eurodance/Eurotrance group Cascada. She is known to have a mezzo-soprano voice type and spans three octaves in her range.
 Meredith Landman is one of two vocalists for the band Figurine.She has also recorded the track A Symphony for Eric B. for Simball Rec's 45 seconds of compilation sung Diamond Ring with Jason Corace of Boothby and appeared on Dntel's Life Is Full of Possibilities providing vocals for Suddenly Is Sooner Than You Think as well as Dntel's 7 single Don't Get Your Hopes Up. She is also a professor of linguistics.
 Walter Mattli is a Fellow in Politics at St. John's College and Professor of International Political Economy in the Department of Politics and International Relations at Oxford University. Professor Mattli is the Senior member of the Oxford international relations society.Walter Mattli was born in Lucerne Switzerland. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Geneva (Switzerland) and his Ph.D. from the University of Chicago (USA).
 Rosalie Sorrels (born 1933) is an American folk singer-songwriter who resides in the mountains near Boise Idaho. She began her public career as a singer and collector of traditional folksongs in the late 1950s. During the early 1960s she left her husband and began traveling and performing at music festivals and clubs throughout the United States. She and her five children traveled across the country as she worked to support her family and establish herself as a performer.
 Michael Richard Lewis (born 17 August 1977) is a musician. He is best known as the former rhythm guitarist for the Welsh alternative rock band Lostprophets.
 William M. Finkelstein is an American screenwriter television producer actor and television director. He has worked as a writer and producer on Law & Order Brooklyn South Murder One L.A. Law Cop Rock and NYPD Blue. He co-created Brooklyn South with frequent collaborators David Milch Steven Bochco and Bill Clark. He won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series for L.A. Law in both 1989 and 1990. He was nominated for the award again in 2001 for Law & Order.
 K.R. Meera (Malayalam:കെ.ആര്‍.മീര; born 19 February 1970) is an Indian author who writes in Malayalam. She won the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award in 2009 for her short-story Ave Maria. She has also been noted as a screenplay writer of four serials. She was credited as the associate in writing for the film Ore Kadal a National Award winner.Meera was born in Sasthamkotta Kollam district in Kerala. She worked as a journalist in Malayala Manorama later resigned to concentrate more on writing.
 Russ Jones (born July 16 1942 in Ontario) is a Canadian novelist illustrator and magazine editor active in the publishing and entertainment industries over a half-century best known as the creator of the magazine Creepy for Warren Publishing.
 Eladio Martínez was born in Paraguarí Paraguay on May 19 1912 son of Lorenzo Martínez and Nicolasa Benítez. He belonged to a family of musicians. His father was a bandleader of a group formed entirely by his relatives in Villarrica.
 Stone & Stone are a German music duo made up of the husband and wife team Glen J. Penniston and Tatjana Cheyenne Penniston. Glen arrived in Germany in the 1970s and started a career as a drummer he met Cheyenne in 1979 and in 1985 they married.
 Lashundra Trenyce Cobbins (born March 31 1980) known professionally as Trenyce is an American singer and was a finalist for the second season of American Idol in 2003 finishing in fifth place.
 Ronald Bertram Aloysius R. B. Greaves III (November 28 1943 - September 27 2012) was an American singer who had chart success in 1969 with the pop single Take a Letter Maria. A number two hit on the Billboard Hot 100 chart this single sold one million copies and it earned gold record certification from the Recording Industry Association of America. Greaves also had a Top 40 pop hit one year later with (There's) Always Something There to Remind Me.
 Toni LP Kelner is an award-winning author of two mystery series: the eight Laura Fleming novels which include: Wed and Buried Death of a Damn Yankee Tight as a Tick and several others; and the Where Are They Now? series which debuted in January 2008 with Without Mercy. She has also edited two urban fantasy anthologies with Charlaine Harris.
 Kari Bremnes (born 9 December 1956 in Svolvær Lofoten) is a Norwegian singer and songwriter.She got an M.A. in language literature history and theater studies from the University of Oslo and worked as a journalist for several years before deciding to dedicate herself to music full time.In 1987 she received the Spellemannprisen for the record Mitt ville hjerte and in 1991 for the record Spor.
 For other persons named Andrew Fletcher see Andrew FletcherAndy Fletcher (born 8 July 1961) popularly known as Fletch is a keyboardist and founding member of the English electronic band Depeche Mode.
 Alejandro Silva is a Chilean instrumental heavy metal guitarist best known as the founder and lead guitarist of his band Alejandro Silva Power Cuarteto.Silva started guitar when he was fourteen years old. Other musicians he has played with include Marty Friedman Joe Satriani Steve Vai and Billy Sheehan on the 2004 G3 tour held in Chile.He is also a guitar teacher and a sound engineer.
 Jonah Blank is an American author journalist and foreign policy expert specializing in the culture history and affairs of the Indian subcontinent.
 Cameron Melnyk is the lead singer for Canadian rock band State of Shock. He was born in Edmonton Alberta in 1980 and currently resides in Vancouver British Columbia along with his other bandmates. Melnyk is of Ukrainian descent. He married longtime girlfriend Alyssa a Canadian political strategist in 2011.
 Maasa Sudo (須藤 茉麻 Sudō Maasa born 3 July 1992 in Tokyo Japan) is a J-pop singer in Hello! Project and member of idol group Berryz Kobo
 Hector Zazou (July 11 1948 – September 8 2008) was a prolific French composer and record producer who worked with produced and collaborated with an international array of recording artists. He worked on his own and other artists' albums including Sandy Dillon Mimi Goese Barbara Gogan Sevara Nazarkhan Carlos Núñez Italian group PGR Anne Grete Preus Laurence Revey and Sainkho since 1976.
 Emil Boyson (born 4 September 1897 in Bergen died in 1979) was a Norwegian poet author and translator. Although Boyson formally debuted in 1927 with a prose book Sommertørst (Summer Thirst) he was primarily known for his poetry. His actual debut was in 1920 under the pseudonym Karl Snemo with publication of Åpning til regnbuen (Opening to the Rainbow).
 Mark Mods Lovegrove is a British born music composer game designer & filmmaker from Wallingford Oxfordshire. He has written music for many independent point & click adventure games since 2000 including many made with Adventure Game Studio & several by the popular writer Ben Croshaw (creator of Zero Punctuation). Lovegrove primarily writes MIDI music for video-games.In 2003 Mark was awarded an Excellence in Music award for his work on The Adventures Of Fatman.
 Mark Ford (b. 1962 Nairobi Kenya) is a British poet.
 Joseph Leftwich (1892–1983) born Joseph Lefkowitz was a British-Jewish critic and translator into English of Yiddish literature. He is known particularly for his 1939 anthology The Golden Peacock of Yiddish poetry and his 1957 biography of Israel Zangwill.He was one of the 'Whitechapel Boys' group (the others being John Rodker Isaac Rosenberg and Stephen Winsten) of aspiring young Jewish writers in London's East End in the period roughly 1910–1914.
 Boy George (born George Alan O'Dowd; 14 June 1961) is an English singer-songwriter who was part of the English New Romanticism movement which emerged in the late 1970s to the early 1980s. His music is often classified as blue-eyed soul which is influenced by rhythm and blues and reggae.
 Brian Joseph Friel (born March 1943) is a Scottish folk country and rock singer-songwriter and guitarist.
 Angelo Maku better known by his stage name Yaba Angelosi is an South Sudanese American singer producer lyricist songwriter and entertainer. He is founder of Assida Productions. He is popular in Africa and in South Sudanese diaspora in United States Canada and Europe. Yaba Angelosi was the eldest child in the family of eight. He was born in a small town near Juba South Sudan. His family immigrated to the United States in 2000 and ever since Yaba has been working to improve his skills.
 Frankie Banali (born November 14 1951) is an American rock drummer best known for his work with multi-platinum heavy metal band Quiet Riot. He has been the band's manager since 1994. He played drums in the heavy metal band W.A.S.P. as well as with Billy Idol.
 Ralf Scheepers (born 5 February 1965 in Esslingen Germany) is the current vocalist for German power metal outfit Primal Fear. He has a relatively high-pitched tenor-esque singing voice and sometimes uses a shriek reminiscent of Judas Priest's Rob Halford although it is his baritone lows which give him a near four octave range in the modal register. He has also sung in Gamma Ray and Tyran' Pace.
 Hollis Wong-Wear known mononymously as Hollis is an American singer-songwiter and creative producer. She is best known for featuring on White Walls a song by Macklemore and Ryan Lewis which also featured Schoolboy Q.Also known as spoken-word artist it took five years for Hollis to boost her popularity only after she joined hands with Macklemore & Ryan Lewis' debut album The Heist. This was followed by the success of White Walls in which she did the vocals for the hip-hop duo.
 Hans Erik Dyvik Husby (born 15 June 1972) also known as Hank von Helvete Hertugen and Hærtis most famous for being the former lead vocalist of the Norwegian death-punk band Turbonegro. While not explicitly addressed to date the name Helvete was adopted due to its meaning hell or a place of suffering</ref>Wiktionary Husby's band is most well known for their tongue-in-cheek humor dealing with homosexual aesthetics and punk rock antics and the formation of a genre they label death punk.
 Wilfred Melville Bennetto (1902–1994) was a Cornish poet and novelist. He was elected a member of Gorseth Kernow under the Bardic name of Abransek ('Bushy-browed One') in 1968.His poetry celebrated popular contemporary figures in Cornish life as well as the historical and mythological characters favoured in Cornish poetry at the time. He wrote An Gurun Wosek a Geltya ('The Bloody Crown of Celtia') the first full-length novel in Cornish.
 David Maisel (born in New York NY in 1961) is an American photographer and visual artist whose works explore vestiges and remnants of civilizations both past and present. His work is exhibited internationally and is collected in major museums including the Metropolitan Museum of Art LACMA and the Victoria and Albert Museum. His work has been the subject of five major monographs published by Nazraeli Press and Chronicle Books.
 Not to be confused with George Frederic Watts.George Fiddes Watt (15 February 1873 – 22 November 1960) was a Scottish portrait painter and engraver.
 Brian Meehl (also known as Brian Muehl) is an American puppeteer and writer. He resides in Redding Connecticut.
 Mike McKnight is an American keyboardist musical director music programmer and journalist who is best known for his work on live tours of major artists such as Madonna Mariah Carey Janet Jackson Shakira and many more. He is also a columnist for Keyboard Magazine.
 Ferras Alqaisi known professionally as Ferras is a Los Angeles-based singer-songwriter who is signed with EMI as part of Capitol Records.
 Neal Adams (born June 15 1941) is an American comic book and commercial artist known for helping to create some of the definitive modern imagery of the DC Comics characters Superman Batman and Green Arrow; as the co-founder of the graphic design studio Continuity Associates; and as a creators-rights advocate who helped secure a pension and recognition for Superman creators Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster.Adams was inducted into the Eisner Award's Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 1998 and the Harvey Awards' Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1999.
 Roger Scott Nichols (September 22 1944 – April 9 2011) was an American recording engineer producer and inventor.Nichols is best known for his work with the group Steely Dan and John Denver.
 Paul Genesse is a writer of young adult fantasy novels and a cardiac unit nurse at Intermountain Medical Center in Murray Utah. His first book The Golden Cord was a best seller for Five Star Publishing.
 Babul Supriyo (born 15 December 1970 in Kolkata) is an Indian playback singer who works in Bollywood as well as in the Bengali cinema he also has worked as a playback singer in several Oriya films including in many Indian languages. He was declared a BJP Candidate from Asansol in West Bengal for the Indian general election 2014.
 Francisco Javier Bautista Jr. (born December 7 1976) better known by his stage name Frankie J is a Mexican grammy nominee singer and former member of the musical group Kumbia Kings.Born in Tijuana he grew up in San Diego and became a freestyle artist under the stage name Frankie Boy in the late 1990s. After his debut freestyle album was shelved he joined Kumbia Kings.
 Jill Adelaide Neville (29 May 1932 – 11 June 1997) was an Australian novelist playwright and poet.Neville was born in Sydney Australia her younger brother is Richard Neville.
 Olaf Thörsen (born Carlo Andrea Magnani) is an Italian guitarist and founding member of a progressive power metal band Vision Divine. He is also known as a founding member guitarist and lyricist of Labyrinth.
 Jia Zhangke (born 1970) is a Chinese film director and screenwriter. He is generally regarded as a leading figure of the Sixth Generation movement of Chinese cinema a group that also includes such figures as Wang Xiaoshuai Lou Ye Wang Quan'an and Zhang Yuan.Jia's early films a loose trilogy based in his home province of Shanxi were made outside of China's state-run film bureaucracy and therefore are considered underground films.
 The Master of the Washington Coronation is a poorly known Italian painter who was active in Venice around 1324. His name is derived from a panel painting of the Coronation of the Virgin dated to that year and held in the collections of the National Gallery of Art in Washington D.C. This and an associated group of other works are generally accepted to be by Paolo Veneziano and the Gallery officially lists them as such.
 Banarsidas Chaturvedi (1892-1985) was a noted Hindi-language writer and recipient of Padma Bhushan given by Government of India in 1973. He was born in 1892 in Firozabad in Uttar Pradesh and died in 1985.He served as a nominated member of Rajya Sabha for twelve years.
 Woody Jackson is a Vermont artist who is best known for his paintings of cows and pastures that appear on Ben & Jerry's ice cream cartons and marketing displays. Jackson now lives outside of Middlebury Vermont with his wife and five sons.He graduated from Middlebury College in 1970 and received a masters degree in fine arts from Yale School of Art in 1980. Famous for Holstein cow paintings he is inspired by the barns and hills of Vermont dairylands.
 Samuel J. Coomes is an American musician and one-half of the Portland-area indie band Quasi along with drummer and ex-wife Janet Weiss. Coomes was also a member of the mid 1980s folk revival band The Donner Party and replaced Brandt Peterson as the bassist for the 1990s Portland grunge band Heatmiser playing on their final studio album.
 Reghu Kumar (Raghu Kumar; 13 June 1953 – 20 February 2014) was a noted music composer from Kerala India. His compositions first achieved prominence in the 1980s.
 Elise Estrada (born July 30 1987) is a Canadian pop singer-songwriter and actress. She is known for her hit singles released in Canada such as Insatiable One Last Time and Lipstick.She is signed to Universal Music Canada's XOXO Entertainment.
 Brooke Elizabeth White (born June 2 1983) is an American indie pop/folk-pop singer-songwriter and actress from Mesa Arizona who was the fifth place finalist on the seventh season of American Idol. In 2005 White released her first studio album called Songs from the Attic.White's first post-Idol album High Hopes & Heartbreak was released on July 21 2009. The first single Hold Up My Heart was released on February 25 2009 and the song debuted at number 47 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Frankie hi-nrg mc born Francesco Di Gesù (Turin 18 August 1969) is an Italian rapper of Sicilian origins. Frankie HI-NRG has been active since the early stages of the Italian hip hop movement in the early 1990s and predominantly discusses Politics and Society in his music.
 For Canadian politician see Brent Morin (politician)Brent Morin is a Los Angeles-based American comedian stand-up comic and actor. He was raised in South Windsor Connecticut before moving to Los Angeles at 18 to study at a film school. After graduation he worked as a PA with Conan O'Brien in The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien on NBC and continuing with Conan on TBS.
 John Schoenherr (July 5 1935 – April 8 2010) was an American illustrator. He won the 1988 Caldecott Medal for U.S. children's book illustration recognizing Owl Moon by Jane Yolen a father-and-daughter story where only Schoenherr's drawings reveal the child's gender.
 Joseph Monninger (born October 28 1953) is an American writer and Professor of English at Plymouth State University.
 Francesco Allegrini da Gubbio (1587–1663) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.Born in Gubbio he was also called Francesco da Gubbio. His father Flaminio Allegrini da Cantiano was also a painter. He studied under Giuseppe Cesari (Cavaliere D'Arpino) and later was helped by his sons in painting historical and religious paintings. A short biography is mentioned by Filippo Baldinucci.
 Esad Mekuli (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Есад Мекули) (17 December 1916 Plav Kingdom of Montenegro – 6 August 1993 Pristina FR Yugoslavia) was an Albanian poet and scholar. He was the first president of the Academy of Sciences and Arts of Kosovo. Robert Elsie considered him the father of modern Albanian poetry in Yugoslavia and his influence in Kosovo remains immense.
 Walter Horn Jr. (13 August 1943 – 14 April 2010) known by the stage name Mississippi Slim was an American blues singer and performer.Horn was born in Shelby and grew up in Greenville Mississippi. In the early 1960s he worked as a tractor driver while singing in local clubs and in 1968 moved to Chicago to pursue a singing career.
 Aurora Rory Block (born November 6 1949 Princeton New Jersey United States) is an American female blues guitarist and singer a notable exponent of the country blues style.
 Ronald Ron Lim (born 1965) is an American comic book artist living in Sacramento California. He is best known for his work for Marvel Comics on their various cosmic titles most particularly the Silver Surfer (vol. 3) series.
 Joel Iskowitz (born August 15 1946) is an American designer book illustrator print artist and stamp coin and medal designer. From an initial interest in medical illustration this graphic artist has branched to other fields. He specializes in highly realistic art resulting from extensive research to make his designs as accurate as possible.
 Hatice Duman (born April 5 1974 in Malatya) is a female Turkish journalist and editor-in-chief of the daily Atılım (The Leap) the official newspaper of the Marxist-Leninist Communist Party (MLKP) in Turkey. Since April 9 2003 she is kept in prison in Gebze and is accused of being a manager of a terrorist organization. In October 16 2012 Turkey’s Supreme Court of Appeals ratified the life-time imprisonment sentence against her.
 Elizabeth Elliott (born in Fort Worth Texas as Linda Elliott) is the pseudonym for American romance novel author Linda Crippes. All of her novels are published by Bantam Books now owned by Random House. In addition to writing she has held various management positions with Fortune 500 companies and worked as a management consultant for a variety of smaller businesses specializing in information technology. She currently lives in Minnesota with her husband.
 Kristine Rolofson (born December 9 in Rhode Island New England U.S.A.) is a popular U.S.American writer of over 35 romance novels since 1987.
 Tom Mandrake (born May 26 1956) is an American comic book artist perhaps best known for his collaborations with writer John Ostrander on several series including Grimjack (from First Comics) and Firestorm The Spectre and Martian Manhunter from DC Comics.
 Alessandro Girolamo Sozzini (1518-1608) was an Italian author eyewitness of the Siena revolt and the capture at the end of August 1554 of the Sienese fortress of Monteriggioni by Spanish and Florentine Imperial troops. He left an account Diario delle cose avvenute in Siena: dai 20 Luglio 1550 ai 28 Guigno 1555 which was republished in 1842. His Raccolta di burle facetie motti e buffonerie di tre huomini sanesi was republished in 1865.
 Don Leicht (born in 1946) is a visual artist who has worked as a painter and sculptor in the Bronx New York City for over thirty years. Leicht has had one person exhibitions in New York Sweden and Germany and is an early figure in the New York City downtown scene in the 1970s and in the subsequent Street Art and Graffiti movements. Leicht and longtime collaborator John Fekner participated in recent street art exhibitions such as Wooster Collective's 11 Spring Street Project in 2006.
 Penelope Williamson (b. Fairbanks Alaska USA) is an American writer of romance novels as her real name and as the pen names Elizabeth Lambert and Penn Williamson.Penelope Williamson lives with her husband in Idaho. According to ?WorldCat her most widely held book The Outsider is in 1868 libraries; Heart of the West is in 1827. Various of her books have been translated into French German Dutch Spanish Polish Chinese Hungarian Japanese Swedish and Russian.
 Christopher Bailey is an occasional screenwriter for television particularly noted for his work on Doctor Who and a lecturer in English at the University of Brighton.The first of Bailey's scripts for Doctor Who Kinda broadcast in 1982 was analysed in detail by the first major scholarly work dedicated to Doctor Who. Doctor Who: The Unfolding Text by Tulloch and Alvarado included analysis of Kinda's Buddhist and Jungian symbology and related its tropes to Ursula K. Le Guin.
 Maria Amapola Cabase better known by her stage name Amapola is a Filipino singer actress musician television and radio host. She is widely known in the Philippines as the original artist for the song Kapantay Ay Langit which was later popularized by singer Pilita Corrales. Philippine First Lady Imelda Marcos dubbed Cabase as a Music Ambassador for the country in 1973.
 Alexander Stirling Calder (January 11 1870 in Philadelphia Pennsylvania – January 7 1945) was an American sculptor and teacher. Son of the sculptor Alexander Milne Calder and father of the sculptor Alexander (Sandy) Calder his best-known works are George Washington as President on the Washington Square Arch in New York City the Swann Memorial Fountain in Philadelphia and the Leif Eriksson Memorial in Reykjavík Iceland.
 Mohsin Changazi (Hazaragi: محسن چنگیزی ) (born September 3 1979) is a Pakistani Urdu poet of Hazara descent. Mohsin has appeared at prestigious poetry sessions in Karachi Lahore and Islamabad and is known internationally. He received the title of Star of the Night at an All-Pakistan-India-Poetry in Abu Dhabi. His honors include the Tamgha-e-Imtiaz medal of excellence in 2010 and a Nishan-e-Ghazal monetary award.
 Jeffrey Morgan (born March 20 1954) is an American jazz musician and composer. He has been heavily active in the fields of free jazz and improvised music.
 Sasha Sökol (born 17 June 1970) is a Mexican singer composer actress and TV host.
 Tafil Musović (born 1950) is a painter who lives and works in Amsterdam Netherlands since 1988. He was born in Yugoslavia in the province of Kosovo and moved to Belgrade the capital for studies in 1969. In his last years in Yugoslavia he had an atelier in Zemun.
 Coleman Barks (born April 23 1937) is an American poet and former literature faculty at the University of Georgia. Although he neither speaks nor reads Persian he is nonetheless renowned as an interpreter of Rumi and other mystic poets of Persia.
 Steven T.
 Cooper Edens is an author and illustrator of more than 25 children's books..[1] He's best known for If You're Afraid of the Dark Remember the Night Rainbow and Add One More Star to the Night. These works reflect his horizontal approach to storytelling.
 Filippo Prosperi (Artena July 21 1831- 1913) was an Italian painter mainly of sacred subjects painted in a Neoclassical and Nazarene styles.
 Wilhelm Jacoby (1855-1925) was a German playwright who concentrated largely on creating farces notably the 1890 work Pension Schöller which he co-authored with Carl Laufs. He was the father of the film director George Jacoby who adapted Pension Schöller into film on three occasions.
 Irwin Barker (June 13 1952 – June 21 2010) was a Canadian comedian and writer. He wrote for This Hour Has 22 Minutes and The Rick Mercer Report and was nominated for four Gemini Awards as a writer and one as stand-up performer for his 2005 performance at the Halifax comedy Festival. Barker was also nominated for three Writers’ Guild of Canada Screenwriter’s awards and won the award in 2008.
 Thomas James Tommy Hunter CM O.Ont (born March 20 1937 in London Ontario) is a Canadian country music performer known as Canada's Country Gentleman.
 Bradley James Nowell (February 22 1968 – May 25 1996) was an American musician who served as the founder lead singer and guitarist of the ska-punk band Sublime. He died at the age of 28 from a heroin overdose shortly before the release of Sublime's self-titled major label debut.Raised in Long Beach California Nowell developed an interest in music at a young age. His father took him on a trip to the Virgin Islands during childhood which exposed him to reggae and dancehall music.
 Ben Marcus (born 1967) is the author of four books of fiction. His latest book Leaving the Sea: Stories was published by Alfred A. Knopf in January 2014. His stories essays and reviews have appeared in publications including Harper's The New Yorker The Paris Review Granta The New York Times GQ Salon McSweeney's Time and Conjunctions.
 Adabel Anahí Guerrero Melachenko (Spanish pronunciation: [aðaˈβel ɣeˈreɾo]; born July 18 1978) better known simply as Adabel Guerrero is an Argentine professional theater and burlesque dancer actress and supervedette who has also dabbled as a model and as a singer in several of her television magazine and theater appearances.
 Kanae Yoshii (吉井 香奈恵 Yoshii Kanae born April 8 1993 in Osaka Prefecture) often called Kan-chan (かんちゃん)is a Japanese idol singer and actress. She is a member of the Japanese girl group 9nine.
 Zelma Roberts was a New Zealand-born writer who wrote several screenplays for T.O. McCreadie in the late 1940s. She studied at Victoria University College in Wellington. After her husband Wilfred died in the war while serving in the New Zealand 2nd Division she turned to writing. Her novel Always Another Dawn was bought by McCreadie and filmed in 1948.
 Patrick Savage is an Australian-born film composer and violinist best known for his collaboration with Holeg Spies on the score for The Human Centipede.He was also formerly principal first violin with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra in London UK.
 Gémino Henson Abad is a poet and critic from Cebu Philippines. His family moved to Manila when his father Antonio Abad was offered professorships at Far Eastern University and the University of the Philippines. He earned his B.A. English from the University of the Philippines in 1964 and Ph.D. in English literature from the University of Chicago in 1970.
 Khalil Mutran (Arabic: خليل مطران‎ / ALA-LC: Khalīl Muṭrān; July 1 1872 – June 1 1949) also known by the sobriquet Shā‘ir al-Quṭrayn (Arabic: شاعر القطرين‎ / literally meaning the poet of the two countries) was an Arabic poet and journalist.
 Knife and Packer are Duncan McCoshan and Jem Packer best known as illustrators/ writers of children's books and cartoonists.McCoshan and Packer first began working together in 1993 on various cartoons and cartoon strips for UK newspapers and magazines including The Guardian and The Sunday Times.
 David Strother is an American musician and composer.
 Joe Gentile (born June 2 1963) is an American author editor and the founder of Moonstone Books a Chicago publishing house. He is also known as a comic book writer and author.
 Anastasia Vinnikova (Belarusian: Анастасія Віннікава Russian: Анастасия Винникова) born April 15 1991 is a singer from Belarus. She represented her country at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the song I Love Belarus but failed to qualify to the final.
 Annie Dillard (born April 30 1945) is an American author best known for her narrative prose in both fiction and non-fiction. She has published works of poetry essays prose and literary criticism as well as two novels and one memoir. Her 1974 work Pilgrim at Tinker Creek won the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for General Nonfiction. Dillard taught for 21 years in the English department of Wesleyan University in Middletown Connecticut.
 Dorothy Gow (born 1893 d. 1 Nov 1982) was an English composer. She was born in London the youngest of six children from a Scottish family. The Music Society performed her works as early as 1922 and after this initial success Down began studying at the Royal College of Music when she was in her thirties. She studied composition with Vaughan Williams at the Royal College of Music and with Egon Wellesz in Vienna. She never married and died in London.
 Tinatin Tika Patsatsia (Georgian: თიკა ფაცაცია; born 18 October 1981 in Tbilisi Georgia) is a Georgian model singer and TV host. She was Miss Tbilisi Miss Georgia and got third place in Miss Golden Globe.
 Samanta Karavello (born 10 May 1990) is an Albanian singer.
 Gajaga where Gaja is a Sanskrit word for elephant and whose earlier name was Gajankusha was a very old Kannada author of 9th/10th century who has been mentioned in Shabdamanidarpana a comprehensive and authoritative work on Kannada grammar authored by Kesiraja in 1260 CE as a pathbreaking poet of the Rashtrakuta literature in the Classical Age. Unfortunately no work by Gajaga has survived but there are evidences that suggest that he wrote more than one book.
 Michael Jakko Jakszyk (born Michael Lee Curran 8 June 1958 London) is an English musician. A multi-instrumentalist singer songwriter and record producer he is the current lead singer and second guitarist in King Crimson and also pursues a solo career. He is generally referred to as Jakko by both colleagues and fans and most of his releases have been credited to this shorter name (while others have been credited to Jakko M. Jakszyk).As a solo artist Jakko has released six albums.
 Timothy Tim Kelleher (born October 4 1980) is an American musician best known for touring with the American rock band Thirty Seconds to Mars from 2007 to 2011 and currently as the bassist of the American rock band Filter. He was one of the founding members of My Darling Murder a metal band formed with friends Andy Gerold and Elias Mallin. Kelleher has also worked with Fear and the Nervous System 8mm Wired All Wrong and My Darling Murder.
 Bruce Cameron (1955 - October 16 1999) was a guitarist who managed to attract a number of famous rock-and-roll musicians to record his 1999 debut and only album Midnight Daydream released by Brain Cell Records (North Carolina).The unlikely cast of supporting musicians for this seemingly obscure album included:Jack Bruce (Cream B.L.T. and solo career).Mitch Mitchell (Jimi Hendrix Experience Gypsy Sun and Rainbows and Ramatam).Buddy Miles (Band of Gypsys Electric Flag Buddy Miles Express).Ken Hensley (Uriah Heep Blackfoot).Harvey Dalton Arnold (Outlaws).Neal Smith (Alice Cooper).Michael Bruce (Alice Cooper).Bunk Gardner (The Mothers of Invention).Billy James (Ant-Bee).Billy Cox (Band of Gypsys Gypsy Sun and Rainbows).The entire album was self-recorded and engineered by Derrick Acker of Quetzal Recording and Cameron at his own home studio in North Carolina. 
 Bob Shacochis (born September 9 1951) is an acclaimed American novelist short story writer and literary journalist. He teaches creative writing at Florida State University.
 Tamar Abakelia (also spelled as Tamara Abakeliya; Georgian: თამარ აბაკელია; Russian: Тама́ра Абаке́лия) (August 19 1905 – May 14 1953) was a Georgian sculptor theater designer and illustrator. She was granted the title of Honored Artist of the Georgian SSR in 1942.
 Alfredo Soressi (Mucinasso (Province of Piacenza) 1897- Piacenza 1982) was an Italian painter eclectic in subjects.
 Raghunath Choudhary (Assamese: ৰঘূনাথ চৌধাৰী; 1879–1967) was a notable writer of the Jonaki era of Assamese literature. Choudhary is known as bihogi kobi (poet of birds) because in his most of writings are based on the birds and nature. Choudhary also took part in the Indian independence movement and was imprisoned by the British for the same. He was the president of Tezpur session of Asam Sahitya Sabha in 1936.
 Mustafa Wahbi Al-Tal better known as Arar (born May 25 1897 – died 1949) was a Jordanian nationalist poet reformist lawyer teacher judge political agitator philosopher and a major influencer in the Jordanian national and anti colonial movements. Arar was a pioneer of Jordanian patriotism and a spokesman for the nation's ideals and aspirations. He was known for his nationalist and revolutionary oeuvre and his activism in accordance to it.
 Andy Greenwald (born May 19 1977) is an author screenwriter and critic. He is currently a staff writer for Grantland.com. Previously he was a senior contributing writer at Spin Magazine and has also written for such publications as The Washington Post Blender Entertainment Weekly The Village Voice MTV Magazine Complex and Magnet. He is the author of the books Nothing Feels Good: Punk Rock Teenagers and Emo and Miss Misery: A Novel. Alias: The White Knight of Grantland.
 Justin Slayer (born September 7 1972) is an American pornographic film actor and director.He won the 2007 Adult Video News Awards Best Ethnic Series - Latin for the Mami Culo Grande series and Best Ethnic Series - Black for the Phatty Girls series.[citation needed]He won the 2009 AVN awards the Justin Slayer International film Mami Culo Grande 6 won Best Ethnic-Themed Release - Latin.In 2009 Slayer won the Urban X Award for Best Director Gonzo.
 Matt Brotzel better known as RationaL is a Canadian hip-hop artist from Saskatoon Saskatchewan. On March 30 2010 RationaL released his debut single Cocaine Cowboy off of his upcoming debut album The BirthWrite LP. The song garnered a 2010 Sphere of Hip-Hop award for Song of the Year co-winning the honor alongside 2011 Juno Award winner and fellow Canadian rapper Shad (Rose Garden).
 Wu Di (simplified Chinese: 邬迪; traditional Chinese: 鄔迪) is a Chinese cinematographer and one-time film director known for his collaborations with Sixth Generation director Wang Xiaoshuai. The director of photography for over ten films (all with mainland directors) Wu Di also wrote and directed a feature of his own 1995's Goldfish.
 Raoul Kraushaar (August 20 1908 Paris France – October 13 2001 Pompano Beach Florida) was an American composer who worked on Hollywood feature films in the 1940s and 1950s.He continued working on low-budget films through the 1960s and 1970s. After that and up through the 1980s most of his work centered on television until his retirement; his works included musical compositions for the Abbott and Costello TV series.
 Arya Aziminejadi (Persian:آریا عظیمی نژادی) (generally known as Arya Aziminejad or Azimi-Nejad (آریا عظیمی نژاد)) (born 25 April 1973 Tehran Iran) is an Iranian music composer that mainly makes music for films and TV programs or video clips.
 Carla Maria Zampatti AC (born 19 May 1942) is an Italian-Australian fashion designer and businesswoman.Carla Zampatti is Executive Chairman of Carla Zampatti Pty Limited. She is also a Trustee of the Sydney Theatre Company Foundation Trust and is a Board Member of the Australian Multicultural Foundation.Born in Lovero Italy Carla settled with her family in Australia in 1950.
 Kazuhisa Kawahara (川原 和久 Kawahara Kazuhisa) is a Japanese actor from Kitakyushu Fukuoka Prefecture. He is known for his breakout role in Aibō where he portrays Section 7 Clerk Sergeant Keichi Itami as well as his appearances in the Initial D series as the voice of Seiji Iwaki and Kamen Rider Decade as the villain Apollo Geist. On June 26 2012 Kawahara announced his engagement to Kio Matsumoto eldest daughter of famous kabuki actor Matsumoto Kōshirō IX.
 Ai Uchikawa (内川 藍維 Uchikawa Ai born Yuka Uchikawa (内川 優香 Uchikawa Yūka) February 27 1972) is a Japanese voice actress. Uchikawa is currently affiliated with Sigma Seven.
 Walter Ulfig was a German composer of film scores.
 Arunabha Sengupta (born 1973) is an Indian novelist. He has written 3 novels and 1 collection of short stories. He is also a cricket historian and Chief Cricket Writer at CricketCountry.com.
 Miriam Waddington (née Dworkin 23 December 1917 – 3 March 2004) was a Canadian poet short story writer and translator.
 Jessie Baldassarre known as Jessie Baylin is a Nashville-based singer/songwriter born April 4 1984 in the Gillette section of Long Hill Township New Jersey.[citation needed] Her debut album You was produced by Grammy Award winner Jesse Harris. Baylin signed her first major label record deal with Verve Forecast.
 Bobo Chan Man-Woon is a former Hong Kong singer and model. She was also an actress in several movies and TV-series.
 Gabriël Metsu (January 1629 – buried 24 October 1667) was a Dutch painter of history paintings genre works and portraits.
 Ryuji Sasai (笹井隆司 Sasai Ryūji born December 21 1961) is a Japanese former video game composer and bass guitarist. He is best known for his work on Xak Final Fantasy Legend III and Final Fantasy Mystic Quest. Sasai is noted for his rock style. His musical career came about when he was 15 years old and he formed a band. Before entering the gaming industry Sasai was involved in the anime department scoring two television series and a film.
 Wang Shansheng (Chinese: 王善生; born 1942) is a Chinese painter known predominantly for his works depicting country life in China. Wang is a graduate of Jilin College of the Arts. As an outstanding figure of Changbai Mountain Painting School Wang’s works are prized with the Second Prize of the 5th National New Year Pictures the Silver Prize of the 7th National Artwork Exhibition etc. Works include Greeting the Bride Wedding Ceremony and so on.
 Sal Abruscato (born July 18 1970 Brooklyn New York) is a former drummer for Type O Negative. Currently a frontman for his own band called A Pale Horse Named Death which has released two albums (And Hell Will Follow Me & Lay My Soul to Waste). He created Type O Negative with Peter Steele and drummed for Life of Agony. Life of Agony has since disbanded but A Pale Horse Named Death is alive and well.He has a daughter born October 13 2010 Elizabeth Maria Abruscato.
 Robert Hunter (April 10 1874 – May 14 1942) was an American sociologist progressive author and golf course architect.
 Vincenzo Volpe (Grottaminarda Campania December 14 1855 – Naples February 9 1929) was an Italian painter.He was resident in Naples and mainly painted small canvases with intimate genre subjects.
 Leah Blatt Glasser is an American literary critic and Mary Eleanor Wilkins Freeman scholar at Mount Holyoke College. She is currently Dean of First-Year Studies & Lecturer in English at Mount Holyoke College. Her then - student (the Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Suzan-Lori Parks) would later credit Glasser with her success.
 Pandit Vithal Rao (born 1929) is an Indian classical vocalist. He is considered one of the few living maestros of 'Ghazals' and was the last court singer of the Last Nizam of Hyderabad. He is popular for singing ghazals written by Hyderabad writers Urdu as well as Hindi ghazals.
 Léonard Gaultier or as he sometimes signs himself Galter a French engraver was born at Mainz about 1561 and died in Paris in 1641. His style of work resembles that of Wierix and Crispyn van de Passe. His prints are executed entirely with the graver with great precision but in a stiff formal manner. He must have been very laborious as the Abbé de Marolles possessed upwards of eight hundred prints by him many of which were after his own designs.
 Paul Flora (6 June 1922 – 15 May 2009) is known for his black ink line drawings. Flora was one of Europe’s most profiled illustrators since the 1960s. He worked for British newspapers The Times and The Observer as well as for Germany’s Die Zeit.
 Tom Gibson (1 September 1888 – 6 December 1950) was an American screenwriter and film director. He wrote for 79 films between 1915 and 1946. He also directed 16 films between 1923 and 1937.He was born in Boston Massachusetts and died in Burbank California.
 David Thomson (born 1941) is a British film critic and historian based in the United States and the author of more than 20 books. His reference works in particular — Have You Seen...?: A Personal Introduction to 1000 Films (2008) and The New Biographical Dictionary of Film (5th edition 2010) — are noted for their high literary merit and eccentricity.
 James DeWoody is an American painter printmaker and sculptor who has worked in New York City since 1972. He was born in Ft. Smith Arkansas but grew up in Texarkana Texas. He received his BA degree in English and Studio Art from Tulane University in 1967.
 Stacy Burke is an American bondage model and pornographic actress.An only child Burke was raised by her grandparents in Pomona California. She was homecoming queen at her high school. She started her modeling career at the age of 18 for a college calendar shoot by a former classmate.In 2000 Burke participated in a publicity stunt at the Cannes Film Festival where she was lit on fire while wearing a heavy flameproof suit.
 Roland Bürger (born 1972(?)) better known as Bürgermeista is a German guitarist and founder of the band Bürgermeista & Die Gemeinderäte in 2010. Bürgermeista is Bavarian for Bürgermeister (mayor) Gemeinderäte are the members of a municipal council.
 Michael Mickey Ross (born Isadore Rovinsky) (August 4 1919 – May 26 2009) was an American Emmy Award-winning screenwriter and television producer. Ross together with writing partners Don Nicholl and Bernard West were writers/producers for All in the Family for which Ross won an Emmy in 1973 The Jeffersons and Three's Company.
 Ya Kid K (born Manuela Barbara Kamosi Moaso Djogi 26 January 1973 Kinshasa Zaïre) is a Congolese-Belgian hip hop artist. Ya Kid K besides being a solo artist is also known for her works for the dance/house act Technotronic. Her sister Karoline 'Leki' Kamosi is an R&B singer.
 Bobby Kimmel lives in Tucson Arizona where he was born in 1940 and is a musician and songwriter who currently performs with the acoustic folk group BK Special. He has been recording and performing in concert for over 40 years and was a founding member of the Stone Poneys along with Linda Ronstadt and the late Kenny Edwards.Bobby Kimmel moved to Tucson as a child for his asthmatic condition.
 Naoko Takeuchi (武内 直子 Takeuchi Naoko Japanese pronunciation: [ta.keꜜ.u͍.tɕi naꜜ.o.ko] born March 15 1967) is a Japanese manga writer and artist who lives in Tokyo Japan. Takeuchi's works have a wide following among anime and manga fans worldwide. Her most popular work Sailor Moon rose to become one of the most recognized manga and anime products of all time.
 Genco Ecer (Turkish: [ˈɡendʒo ˈedʒeɾ]; born 13 December 1985 Ankara Turkey) is a Turkish Cypriot singer and athlete. Prior to his music career Ecer represented Northern Cyprus in its national basketball and swimming team. In 2009 Ecer released his debut album 'Kandıramazsın'. The album is a blend of R&B funky house and pop. He gained success with his single 'U Dönüşü'.
 David Hoskins is a Television writer who has written several episodes of The Bill and Midsomer Murders. He began writing for The Bill in 1990 with Jumping the Gun writing an additional 23 and for Midsomer Murders in 2001 with Destroying Angel writing an additional 9 to date.
 Annamalai Reddiyar was a Tamil poet. He was born in Chennikulam Sankarankoil taluk Tirunelveli district of Tamil Nadu in 1865. His mother is Ovuammal. His father is chennavar. He was very creative in his child hood. He wrote books like kaavadisindhu gomathi anthathi veerai anthathi.
 Sharon Green (born 1942 in Brooklyn New York) is an American writer of science fiction fantasy and romance.
 Daniel Boom Desjardins (born 1971) is a French Canadian singer from Val-d'Or Quebec. He was an original member of the rock band La Chicane for eleven years from 1993 until 2004 when he left to begin a solo career.Desjardins was nominated for Artist of the Year and Pop Album of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2006.
 Joel Fletcher is a producer and DJ from Melbourne Australia who is best known for his 2013 remix of New Zealand rapper Savage's 2005 single Swing which charted in Australia and in New Zealand. In January 2014 Fletcher was announced as a support act for Avicii's headline tour for Melbourne and Brisbane dates. As of late January 2014 Fletcher is aged 21.
 Alison Louise Balsom (born 7 October 1978) is an English trumpet soloist.
 Steve Rodby (born December 9 1954 in Joliet Illinois) is an American bassist.He joined the Pat Metheny Group in 1981. Prior to joining Metheny he was a member of the Simon-Bard Group and the Fred Simon ensemble. Rodby continues to collaborate with Simon as of 2011.Rodby studied bass at Northwestern University a student of Warren Benfield of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.
 Yafa Yarkoni (Hebrew: יפה ירקוני‎ also Yaffa Yarqoni (24 December 1925 – 1 January 2012) was an Israeli singer winner of the Israel Prize in 1998 for Hebrew song. She was dubbed Israel's “songstress of the wars” due to her frequent performances for Israel Defense Forces soldiers especially in wartime. She was from a Mountain Jewish family.
 Nora Arnezeder (born 8 May 1989) is a French actress and singer.
 Ustad Bade Fateh Ali Khan (Urdu: استاد بڑے فتح علی خان (born 1935) is amongst the foremost Khyal vocalists alive today in Pakistan and a leading exponent of the Patiala Gharana (stylistic lineage). He is the younger of the singing duo Amanat Ali and Fateh Ali who enjoyed immense prestige and success in Pakistan as well as India until the demise of Amanat Ali Khan (1932–1974).
 Gaspare Landi (6 January 1756 – 28 February 1830) was an Italian painter of the Neoclassic period active in Rome and his native city of Piacenza.
 Toby Keith Covel (born July 8 1961) best known as Toby Keith is an American country music singer-songwriter record producer and actor. Keith released his first four studio albums—1993's Toby Keith 1994's Boomtown 1996's Blue Moon and 1997's Dream Walkin' plus a Greatest Hits package for various divisions of Mercury Records before leaving Mercury in 1998.
 Edith Peters (April 14 1926 – October 28 2000) was an American singer and actress. She appeared in more than sixteen films from 1957 to 1981.
 Sofia Vitória was born in Setúbal (Portugal). Prior to recording her debut album Palavra de Mulher she performed in Portugal's main concert halls as well as in Brazil Spain the Netherlands Italy Macao Wales and Turkey. She represented Portugal in Eurovision 2004 with the song foi magia and came 15th with 38 points thus failing to reach the final.Sofia is strongly influenced not only by Jazz but also by World Music.
 Marc Bonilla is a guitarist and composer. He has worked with Keith Emerson (including on 1995's Changing States and in Emerson's 2006 touring band) Ronnie Montrose Glenn Hughes (on Addiction (produced co-written and performed) The Way It Is 1999 also playing keyboards) David Coverdale (late 2000 live band) and Kevin Gilbert (Toy Matinee live band).
 Sully Bonnelly (born December 24 1956) in Santo Domingo Dominican Republic is a fashion designer of high-style clothing for women. He is the Creative Director for Isaac Mizrahi.
 Neal George Joseph Schon (born February 27 1954) is an American rock guitarist songwriter and vocalist best known for his work with the bands Journey and Bad English. He is Journey's only constant member having participated in every album and tour to date. He was also a member of the rock band Santana before forming Journey.Schon was inducted into the Oklahoma Music Hall of Fame on August 23 2013.
 Clive Stephen Barry (2 September 1922 - 25 August 2003) was an Australian novelist and inaugural winner of the Guardian Fiction Prize described by the Oxford Companion to Australian Literature as a vivid stylist with a capacity for dry humour.At only sixteen years of age Barry served in World War II – falsifying his date of birth in order to enlist. He was mentioned in despatches and went missing in action before he was reported in the Sydney Morning Herald to be a POW in Italy.
 Kevin Drumm is an experimental musician based in Chicago United States.
 Sophie Atkinson (28 November 1876 - 5 May 1972) born Sophia Mildred Atkinson was an English watercolour landscape painter and illustrator.
 Kendall Karson (born March 28 1988) is an American pornographic actress feature dancer and DJ. She entered the adult film industry in 2011.
 Sue Draheim (/ˈdrɔː.haɪm/ DRAW-hime) (August 17 1949 in Oakland California – April 11 2013 in Berea Kentucky) was an American fiddler boasting a more than forty year musical career in the US and the UK. Growing up in North Oakland Draheim began her first private violin lessons at age eleven having started public school violin instruction at age eight while attending North Oakland's Peralta Elementary School. She also attended Claremont Jr.
 Hiroshi Okubo (大久保 博 Ōkubo Hiroshi born August 10 1970) is a Japanese video game composer and musician. He has worked as a musician for Namco since 1994 best known for his work for the Ridge Racer and Ace Combat series. He is also a DJ; Some of his songs are available on the nanosounds records label.
 Haifa Wehbe (Arabic: هيفا وهبي or هيفاء وهبي‎ Lebanese pronunciation: [ˈhajfa ˈwehbe]) is a Lebanese singer and actress rose to fame in the Arab world as runner up in Miss Lebanon and later through the release of her debut album Houwa El-Zaman (Arabic: هو الزمن) in 2002. She is known through her music for her beauty showmanship sex appeal provocative mannerisms and image. She has released four studio albums and made her acting debut in 2008 Pepsi-produced film Sea of Stars.
 Ferdinando Provesi (Parma 1770 – Busseto Parma 1833) was an early tutor of Giuseppe Verdi regarded as one of the greatest Italian opera composers. Provesi a native of Parma Italy began teaching Verdi in 1824 when Provesi was the master of music at the cathedral in Busseto (a town not far from the village where Verdi was born).
 Ciril Zlobec (born 4 July 1925) is a Slovene poet writer translator journalist and former politician. He is best known for his poems and has published several volumes of poetry. In 1990 he became a member of the Presidency of Slovenia at a critical time for Slovene independence.Zlobec was born in 1925 in the village of Ponikve on the Kras Plateau in what was then the Julian March region of the Kingdom of Italy. He attended school in Gorizia and Koper.
 Chris Carter known professionally as Von Pimpenstein is a record producer and mixer from Los Angeles.
 Sirach Charles (born 31 October 1987) better known by his stage name Angel is a singer/songwriter rapper and record producer from West London England. His debut single Go In Go Hard featuring vocals from English rapper Wretch 32 was released on 18 March 2012. The song reached number 41 on the UK Singles Chart. The following single Wonderful performed better commercially peaking at number nine on the UK Singles chart and topping the UK R&B Chart.
 Akiyuki Nosaka (野坂 昭如 Nosaka Akiyuki born October 10 1930) is a Japanese novelist singer lyricist and former member of the House of Councillors. As a broadcasting writer he uses the name Yukio Aki (阿木 由紀夫 Aki Yukio) and his alias as a chanson singer is Claude Nosaka (クロード 野坂 Kurōdo Nosaka).
 Ootupulackal Velukkuty Vijayan (July 2 1930 – March 30 2005) commonly known as O. V. Vijayan was an Indian author and cartoonist who was an important figure in modern Malayalam language literature.
 Charles Edward Crawford aka ed fROMOHIO (born 26 January 1964 Steubenville Ohio) is an American best known as the lead singer and guitarist for Firehose an alternative rock band he formed in 1986 with former Minutemen members Mike Watt (bass guitar) and George Hurley (drums).
 Samuel Cornelius Phillips (January 5 1923 – July 30 2003) better known as Sam Phillips was an American businessman record executive record producer and DJ who played an important role in the emergence of rock and roll as the major form of popular music in the 1950s. He was a producer label owner and talent scout throughout the 1940s and 1950s.He most notably founded Sun Studios and Sun Records in Memphis Tennessee.
 Augustin Chaho in French or Agosti Xaho in Basque was an important Romantic Basque writer. He was born in Tardets (Atharratze in basque) Soule French Basqueland in 10 October 1811 and died in Bayonne (Baiona in Basque) Labourd 23 October 1858.
 Meleni Smith is an American singer-songwriter. She was born in Flint Michigan and raised by a Jamaican mother in Milwaukee Wisconsin. Previously signed to Columbia Records she released the EP 'Meet Me In The Bathroom' on August 2 2005.
 Angelica Segerbäck (Angel) (born in Stockholm - June 22 1982) is lead vocalist in the bands Waves under Water and LinaLaukaR which she and Johan Svärdshammar started together. She has also appeared on a few songs by other bands.In 2007 Angelica was asked by Johan Svärdshammar if she would be interested in trying to sing to a few of his songs. Having long dreamed of forming a band and singing she gladly accepted. They recorded to songs during one day and were both very happy with the result.
 Yutaka Hara (原 ゆたか Hara Yutaka) is a Japanese writer and illustrator of children's literature.
 Szeto Kam-Yuen (1964 – 13 October 2012) sometimes credited as Sze To Kam Yuen or Szeto Kam Yuen was a Hongkonger screenwriter.
 Michael Scammell (born 1935) is an English author biographer and translator of Slavic literature.
 John Oakes is a Christian apologist and a professor of chemistry at Grossmont College. He belongs to the Restoration Movement of the Christian tradition.
 Harold Hering Knerr (September 4 1882 – July 8 1949) was an American comic strip creator who signed his work H. H. Knerr. He was best known as the writer-artist of The Katzenjammer Kids for 35 years.Born in Bryn Mawr Pennsylvania Harold Knerr's father was Calvin B. Knerr a German physician who had migrated to the United States. His mother was Melitta Hering daughter of Constantine Hering a pioneer of homeopathy.
 Takashi Okazaki (岡崎 能士 Okazaki Takashi) is a Japanese manga artist visual designer and graphic designer most notable for writing and illustrating the manga series Afro Samurai.
 Slavko Pengov (24 June 1908 - 6 January 1966) was a Slovene painter best known for his monumental opus of murals such as those in the National Assembly Building in Ljubljana and the Parish Church of Saint Martin in Bled.Pengov was born in Ljubljana in 1908. He studied art at the Zagreb Academy of Fine Arts and the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna.
 Barbara Elizabeth Linington (March 11 1921 – April 5 1988) was a prolific American novelist. She was awarded runner-up scrolls for best first mystery novel from the Mystery Writers of America for her 1960 novel Case Pending which introduced her most popular series character LAPD Homicide Lieutenant Luis Mendoza. Her 1961 tome Nightmare and her 1962 novel Knave of Hearts another entry in the Mendoza series were both nominated for Edgars in the Best Novel category.
 Rick Vandivier (born October 18 1954 in Lima Ohio) is an American jazz guitarist composer and educator. He is the spirit and leader of Vandivier and the co-founder and lead guitarist of Primary Colors a group that evolved from the inspired pairing with vocalist Nate Pruitt.
 Aaron Bowen (January 31 1973) is an American guitarist and composer. He has been a noted player in underground guitar circles and toured with Crimson Glory and formed Red Square Black.
 Alexander Alexanderovitch Sliussarev (Russian: Александр Александрович Слюсарев; also known as San Sanich Sliussarev Russian: Сан Саныч Слюсарев) (9 October 1944 Moscow — 23 April 2010 Moscow) was a Russian photographer and translator from Italian.
 Sarah Vandella (born December 2 1983) is an American pornographic actress.
 Anton Goosen (born 5 March 1946) is a South African musician and songwriter. He became a pivotal figure in Afrikaans music and is generally regarded as the father of Afrikaans Rock. His influence was not however limited to genre. His contribution to the music industry was much more profound as he led a continuous protest against the status quo in his music.
 Gerbert de Montreuil was a 13th-century French poet from the north of France.He wrote Le Roman de la violette or Gérard de Nevers one of the most outstanding medieval poems famous for its vivid narrative and faithful depiction of contemporary customs. The poem underwent countless adaptations and imitations.
 James Garbutt (born 1925) is a British actor who has been active on television since the 1960s.
 Lillian Mathilde Genth (born Philadelphia 1876; died New York City 1953) was a United States artist.
 Jim Noir is the stage name of Alan Roberts an English singer-songwriter from Davyhulme Greater Manchester. Noir's stage moniker is in homage to Vic Reeves whose real name is Jim Moir. He has released four albums to date 2005's Tower of Love 2008's self-titled LP Jim Noir 2010's Zooper Dooper EP and 2012's Jimmy's Show. Tower of Love and all of the preceding EPs were self-recorded at Noir's parents' home in Davyhulme Manchester.
 Shana Moulton is a media artist who explores contemporary anxieties through her filmic alter ego Cynthia. Based in New York Shana uses colorful psychedelic performance to describe pathetic situations with humorous surrealism.
 Sarnath Banerjee (born 1972) is an Indian graphic novelist artist and film maker and a co-founder of the comics publishing house Phantomville.
 Chris Bunting is a British comic book writer.
 Elizabeth Bennett is a British actress.Bennett has appeared in several British TV series including The Sandbaggers The Bill The Lakes Diana Chef! The Duchess of Duke Street Down to Earth and Heartbeat. She played Enid Thompson in the British situation comedy Home to Roost and played Enid Tompkins in the US remake of the show You Again?. She also appeared in Margaret (2009). She also appeared as the receptionist in the doctors in Mr.
 Issa (self-styled ISSA in caps pronounced e-suh stage name of Issa Diop) is a singer songwriter and record producer. Born in Dakar Senegal his musical style blends various styles including contemporary contemporary R&B pop and reggae.
 Samuil Yakovlevich Marshak (Russian: Самуи́л Я́ковлевич Марша́к; November 3 [O.S. October 22] 1887 – July 4 1964) was a Russian and Soviet writer translator and children's poet. He translated Shakespeare's sonnets some other Shakespeare's works English poetry (including poems for children) and poetry from other languages. Maxim Gorky proclaimed Marshak to be the founder of Russia's (Soviet) children's literature.
 Émilie Simon (born 1978 in Montpellier France) is a French singer songwriter and composer of electronic music.
 Lucifer Chu (Chinese: 朱學恒 Chu Hsueh-Heng born February 19 1975) graduated from Taiwan's National Central University in 1998 with a B.S in electrical engineering. He dedicated himself in promoting fantasy literature because of his passion for video games and fantasy fiction. He translated J.R.R. Tolkien's The Hobbit and Lord of the Rings trilogy into Chinese. He also translated Dragonlance Chronicle published in 1998. He has translated 30 fantasy novels into Chinese.
 Johan Forsman or Johan Forsman Löwenström is a Swedish musician singer record producer song writer music arranger and engineer based in Gothenburg Sweden. He was a member krautrock band Hybrizine in the late eighties and psychedelic rock band The Bad Karma in the early nineties. Forsman has worked with musical acts such as the Soundtrack of our lives Caesars Weeping Willows Håkan Hellström Karin Dreijers early band Honey is Cool Jens Lekman Thåström among others.
 John Driskell Hopkins (Hop) (born May 3 1971) is an American singer/songwriter and multi-instrumentalist who is best know for his role as a founding member of the Grammy Award Winning group Zac Brown Band. He plays guitar ukulele upright bass banjo as well as vocals with the Zac Brown Band.
 Artur Ernesto Teixeira de Vasconcelos Barbosa (March 6 1908 - October 5 1995) was an artist most well known for his distinctive cover illustrations for Georgette Heyer and George Macdonald Fraser's Flashman novels which he produced for 17 and 25 years respectively.Although always anglicising his first name he disliked modern familiarity and preferred being known as Barbosa. He was born in Liverpool his father was a Portuguese vice-consul and his mother half-French.
 Black Radical Mk II (born Felix Joseph 1971) is a British hip hop artist from Tottenham London England. He was one of the pioneers of the British scene releasing his first single in 1987 and continuing to release records until 1998. He is most well known for his strident political views which he often used as the basis for his records.
 Junior Kelly (born Keith Morgan September 23 1970 in St Thomas Jamaica) is a reggae singer known for his commitment to the faith of the Rastafari movement and its Bobo Shanti mansion. This was a message of the hit song Rasta Should Be Deeper from Soundism and their studio.He had his first hit single in Jamaica in 2002 with Love So Nice.
 Brent DeBoer is an American singer-songwriter from Portland Oregon. He is in the bands The Dandy Warhols Immigrant Union and has also released a solo studio album The Farmer in 2010. DeBoer now lives in Melbourne Australia.
 Omawumi Megbele (born April 13 1982) known by her stage name Omawumi is a Nigerian singer-songwriter and actress. She is a brand ambassador for Globacom Konga.com and Malta Guinness. She's also part of the campaign called Rise With The Energy of Africa. She gained attention as the 2007 runner-up on West African Idols a reality TV show part of the Idols franchise. Her debut album The Lasso of Truth was reported to be a commercial success in Nigeria.
 David Gray (29 January 1838 – 3 December 1861) was a Scottish poet.The son of a handloom weaver Gray was born at Merkland by Kirkintilloch Dunbartonshire. His parents resolved to educate him for the kirk and through their self-denial and his own exertions as a pupil teacher and private tutor he was able to complete a course of four sessions at the university of Glasgow.
 Glenn Crytzer (born October 13 1980) is an American composer guitarist banjoist singer and big band leader. Crytzer began composing music at the age of 14 and began leading bands at 25. In the words of Michael Steinman of Jazz Lives “Many jazz musicians present themselves not only as players but as composers with varying results. (Crytzer) is one of those rare creative beings who beautifully fills both roles.”
 Rabin Mondal born as Rabindra Nath Mondal (born 1929) is a painter from Kolkata West Bengal. Rabin Mondal is an Indian artist who was a founding member of the Calcutta Painters. He lived and worked in relative obscurity until retrospective exhibitions of his work in Kolkata New Delhi and Bombay brought him to India’s national attention in 2005.
 Ronney Abramson is a Canadian singer-songwriter. She was born in France.
 Nikolai(y) Nikolaevich Nosov (Russian: Николай Николаевич Носов; 23 November [O.S. 10 November] 1908 Kiev - 26 July 1976 Moscow) was a Soviet children's literature writer the author of a number of humorous short stories a school novel and the popular trilogy of fairy tale novels about the adventures of Neznaika and his friends.
 Sadanand Namdev Deshmukh (Marathi: सदानंद नामदेव देशमुख) is a Marathi language author. He was awarded with Sahitya Akademi Award in 2004 for his novel Baromas.
 Imraan Coovadia is a South African novelist and academic. He is the director of the creative writing program at the University of Cape Town.
 Chloe Dolandis (born 21 February 1985) is an American singer-songwriter voice actor and TV host. An independent artist her 2011 debut album Bring Back The Fever was penned by Dolandis and her writing team and produced and engineered by Grammy winner Zach Ziskin. Within one week of its release the jazz-pop-soul album was listed as number 19 in the Top 300 iTunes Jazz Album Downloads (www.top100musicdownloads.com).
 Gérard Pesson (Torteron 17 January 1958) is a French composer. Pesson studied musicology at the Sorbonne and is the composer of a number of award-winning works.
 Karine Polwart (born 23 December 1970) is a Scottish singer-songwriter. She writes and performs music with a strong folk and roots feel her songs dealing with a variety of issues from alcoholism to genocide.
 Justin Jus Oborn is the lead vocalist lead electric guitarist and lyricist of Electric Wizard an influential doom metal/stoner metal band from Dorset England. Prior to forming Electric Wizard Oborn was a member of the band Lord of Putrefaction which changed its name to Thy Grief Eternal and then to Eternal.Oborn along with bassist Tim Bagshaw and drummer Mark Greening formed Electric Wizard in 1993. He has been the band's frontman since that time.
 Stewart Armstrong Copeland (born July 16 1952) is an American musician multi-instrumentalist and composer best known as the drummer for the band The Police and for his film music soundtracks. He has also written various pieces of music for ballet opera and orchestra. Copeland was ranked by a Rolling Stone magazine reader poll in 2010 as the fifth greatest drummer of all time.
 Kevin Barry Laffan (24 May 1922 Reading Berkshire – 11 March 2003 London) was an English playwright screenwriter author actor and stage director. Laffan is best known for creating the ITV soap opera Emmerdale Farm now titled Emmerdale.Raised in a family of fourteen children Laffan's Catholic upbringing formed the inspiration for many of his plays.
 Priscilla Muriel Cilla McQueen (born 22 January 1949 in Birmingham England) is a poet and three-time winner of the New Zealand Book Award for Poetry.
 Derek Nikitas is the Edgar Award nominated author of Pyres and The Long Division. His short fiction has appeared in Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine The Ontario Review Chelsea and New South.
 Santolo Cirillo (active first half of 18th century died 1742) was an Italian painter engraver and stucco artist active in Naples. He was born in Grumo Nevano a town near Naples. He contributed frescoes and paintings for Santa Caterina a Formiello the Cathedral of San Gennaro the Basilica of Santa Restituta and Santa Donna Regina Nuova in Naples. He also painted for the Basilica di San Tamaro in his home town of Grumo Nevano.
 Christie Hennessy (born as Edward Christopher Ross) (19 November 1945 – 11 December 2007) was an Irish folk singer-songwriter. Although Hennessy was unable to read or write due to severe dyslexia he still wrote his own songs such as Roll back the Clouds and All the lies that you told me he sung All the lies that you told me with his daughter Hermoine but the song was made famous by Frances Black rather than Hennessy and his daughter.
 Albert George Al Hibbler (August 16 1915 – April 24 2001) was an American baritone vocalist who sang with Duke Ellington's orchestra before having several pop hits as a solo artist. Some of Hibbler's singing is classified as rhythm and blues but he is best seen as a bridge between R&B and traditional pop music.
 Anne DeMarinis is a musician and artist. She is a former member of Sonic Youth.
 Josephine Koo Mei-Wah (Chinese: 顧美華) is a Chinese actress. She had a bright start to her film career starring in Yim Ho's Hong Kong New Wave classic Homecoming (1984).
 Hugh Davidson is an American actor and screenwriter best known for his work on the Adult Swim television series Robot Chicken.Davidson made his acting debut in the 2001 film Pledge of Innocence. He later guest starred on television shows such as Reno 911! Arrested Development and Will and Grace.In 2006 Davidson went to work as a writer and voice actor for Robot Chicken. He also worked as a writer and voice actor for the Adult Swim show Saul of the Mole Men.
 Darren G. Davis is an American independent comic book publisher and writer. He is the head of Bluewater Productions based in Vancouver Washington.
 Tsanko Lavrenov (Bulgarian: Цанко Лавренов) was a Bulgarian painter and art critic born in 1896 deceased in 1978.He is one of the most prominent influential and distinctive Bulgarian artists of the 20th century. A modernist influenced by the Symbolism and the Secession Lavrenov is best known for his cityscapes of the old town of Plovdiv as well as his monasteries cycle.
 Bai Guang (birth name Chinese: 史永芬; pinyin: Shǐ Yǒngfēn; June 27 1921 Beiping now Beijing China – August 27 1999 in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia) was a famous movie star and singer. By the 1940s she became one of the Seven great singing stars.
 Julie E. Czerneda (born April 11 1955) is a Canadian science fiction and fantasy author. She has written many novels including the Prix Aurora winner In the Company of Others a number of short stories; and has edited several anthologies.Czerneda is a biologist by education and has been active in writing and editing non-fiction.
 Sergey Kalugin (Russian: Сергей Калугин; born April 9 1967) is a Russian acoustic guitarist singer-songwriter and poet the leader of the Russian art/progressive rock band Orgia Pravednikov.
 Mark Scharf (born September 21 1956) is an American playwright actor and teacher. His plays have received readings and productions in New York City Washington D.C. Los Angeles Philadelphia Baltimore Richmond Va. Delaware Colorado Georgia Indiana Illinois Iowa Maryland Michigan Minnesota Nebraska New Hampshire New Mexico North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania South Carolina Texas Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming London Beijing Australia Canada and Singapore.
 Seamus Kennedy (born in Belfast Northern Ireland) is an Irish singer comedian and writer.
 Eva Boto (born December 1 1995) is a singer who represented Slovenia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku Azerbaijan with Verjamem. She missed out on the grand final finishing 17th of 18 entrants.
 Bo Bartlett (b. December 29 1955 in Columbus Georgia) is an American realist painter currently residing on Vashon Island in Washington State.
 Ron Mathewson (born 19 February 1944) is a Scottish jazz double bassist and bass guitarist born in Lerwick Shetland Isles Scotland. Mathewson is best known for his years spent working with Ronnie Scott but has also done recordings with Stan Getz Joe Henderson Ben Webster Philly Joe Jones Roy Eldridge Oscar Peterson and Bill Evans.
 Yuri Aggro Santos (born 12 October 1988) is a chart topping Brazilian rapper who lives in Balham London.
 Charles Phillip Tilghman was the founder of the Sphinx Club a major Baltimore jazz venue one of the first African American-owned nightclubs in the country. Tilghman ran the Sphinx Club until he died in 1988 and the Club shut down in 1992.
 Claude Luter 23 July 1923 – 6 October 2006) was a jazz clarinetist who also doubled on soprano saxophone.Luter was born and died in Paris. He began on trumpet but switched to clarinet. He might be best known for being an accompanist to Sidney Bechet when he was in Paris but he also worked with Barney Bigard and French writer and musician Boris Vian.
 Mat Sinner is a bassist vocalist and record producer from Stuttgart in Germany.His main bands have been Sinner since 1982 and Primal Fear since 1997 which he formed with Ralf Scheepers. He has been involved in numerous other projects throughout his musical career. Mat joined Voodoo Circle permanently in 2008 and worked recently active as a record producer for Kiske/Somerville Bobby Kimball/Jimi Jamison (Toto/Survivor) and the first Ralf Scheepers solo album.
 April Lawton (July 30 1948 – November 23 2006) was a guitarist and composer who rose to some prominence in the early to mid-1970s as a member of the band Ramatam which also included at one time former Iron Butterfly guitarist Mike Pinera and the former Jimi Hendrix drummer Mitch Mitchell and Russ Smith (bass & vocals) and Tommy Sullivan (keyboards reeds vocals). Her playing style was a mix of Jeff Beck Hendrix and Allan Holdsworth.
 For other people of the same name see Anthony Cox (disambiguation).Tony Cox (born 24 January 1954) is a Zimbabwean born guitarist and composer based in Cape Town South Africa. A master of the Fingerpicking style of guitar playing he has won the SAMA (South African Music Awards) for best instrumental album twice. His music incorporates many different styles including classical blues rock and jazz while keeping an African flavour.
 Jon Leong 梁偉鑛 (pronounced Liang Wei Kuang in mandarin) (Born Jonathan Ken Leong 2 June 1982) is a Singaporean performing artist singer-songrwriter music producer and actor. His first steps into the world of entertainment started when he played in bands at pubs and clubs before achieving public prominence after finishing as the runner-up during the second season of Singapore Idol a franchise of the popular Pop Idol series.
 Eduardo Gustavo Ramos Olivera (born July 18 1972) Peruvian Screenwriter.
 Jack R. Keller (June 16 1922 – January 2 2003) was an American comic book artist best known for his 1950s and '60s work on the Marvel Comics Western character Kid Colt and for his later hot rod and racecar series at Charlton Comics.
 M. D. Pallavi also known as Pallavi Arun is a singer from Karnataka India. She is a Kannada Sugama Sangeetha Singer (Playback singer) actor and TV anchor. She is married to Arun a musician and music director. She won the Karnataka State Film Awards for Best Playback Singer in 2006 and 2007 for her song Nodayya Kwate Lingave sung in the 2007 film Duniya.
 Eirini Karra(Fashion Diary)Eirini Karra (Greek: Ειρήνη Καρρά) is a Greek model who took part in the Miss Star Hellas pageant in April 2006 and represented her country in the Miss World 2006 pageant held in Warsaw Poland. She is currently represented by Ace Models and is also well known for her large participation in the IrchaLovesToby campaign.In April 2006 Eirini won the title Miss Hellas (Μις Ελλάς).
 Marc Marcel (born February 17 1976) is an American-born spoken word artist philosopher motivational poet speaker author and psychonaut best known for his performance poetry and philosophies on life. Born in Baltimore Maryland Marcel began his writing career in Atlanta Georgia while attending Morris Brown College in 1998. His work is centered on metaphysical and social issues of the modern day addressing the preconceptions influenced by one’s surroundings through self-awareness.
 Loick Mark Essien (born 29 April 1990) is an English singer signed to record label Sony Music. Essien began his musical career after featuring on rapper Chipmunk's single Beast. Essien was set to release his debut album Identity on 5 March 2012 but was dropped from his label weeks before the release date.
 Wilhelm Ferdinand Bendz (20 March 1804 – 14 November 1832) was a Danish painter mainly known for genre works and portraits which often portray his artist colleagues and their daily lives. He was one of the most talented artists in the successful generation of painters who studied under Christoffer Wilhelm Eckersberg but died early and has therefore left a relatively small oeuvre.
 David Barry Thwaites (born June 16 1976) is a British actor and producer. He is most notable for his television appearances as a teenager. In 1989 aged 13 he appeared as Eustace Scrubb in the BBC's adaptation of The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. A year later he reprised this role in The Silver Chair (1990). Now living in Los Angeles he is a producer and served as executive producer on All the King's Men License to Wed and Black Swan and producer on Miss Potter.
 Eduard Nikolayevich Uspensky (Russian: Эдуа́рд Никола́евич Успе́нский; born December 22 1937) is a Russian writer and author of several children's books.
 Marshall Bruce Mathers III (born October 17 1972) better known by his stage name Eminem and by his alter ego Slim Shady is an American rapper record producer songwriter and actor. In addition to his solo career Eminem is a member of the group D12 as well as one half of the hip hop duo Bad Meets Evil alongside Royce da 5'9. Eminem is one of the world's best-selling music artists and is the best-selling artist of the 2000s.
 Ostap Vyshnia (real name Pavlo Hubenko 13 November 1889 — 28 September 1956) was a Ukrainian writer humourist satirist and official.
 Darren Rowse (born 27 April 1972) is a blogger speaker consultant and founder of several blogs and blog networks including b5media and ProBlogger.net. He lives in Melbourne Australia.
 Steven Kotler is an American bestselling author journalist and entrepreneur. His articles have appeared in over 70 publications including The New York Times Magazine LA Times Wired GQ Discover Popular Science Outside Men’s Journal Details and National Geographic Adventure. He is best known for his non-fiction books including the New York Times bestseller Abundance A Small Furry Prayer and West of Jesus.
 Marc Acito (born January 11 1966 in Bayonne New Jersey) is a United States novelist humorist and screenwriter.
 Dorothy Leigh Sayers (usually pronounced /ˈseɪ.ərz/ although Sayers herself preferred /ˈsɛərz/ and encouraged the use of her middle initial to facilitate this pronunciation; 13 June 1893 – 17 December 1957) was a renowned English crime writer poet playwright essayist translator and Christian humanist. She was also a student of classical and modern languages.
 Mateusz Maurycy Śmierzchalski (born 18 July 1982 Gdynia Poland) stage name Havoc is a Polish heavy metal musician. He is best known for being the rhythm guitarist lead guitarist and backing vocalist for Behemoth. Since 1999 he is leading guitarist of the sludge-doom metal band Blindead.Mateusz Śmierzchalski is endorsed by Mayones.
 Henri Virlogeux (1924–1995) was a French actor.
 Owen Gray also known as Owen Grey (born 5 July 1939 Jamaica) is one of Jamaica's 'Foundation' singers whose work spans the R&B ska rocksteady and reggae eras of Jamaican music and he has been credited as Jamaica's first home-grown singing star.
 Kate Martin is singer-songwriter originally from Townsville Australia. She is signed to Shock Records.
 Henri Texier (born January 27 1945) is a French jazz double bassist born in Paris.He is perhaps best known for his 1960s work with Don Cherry and for his 1980s band the Transatlantik Quartet which featured Joe Lovano Steve Swallow and Aldo Romano. He also worked with several other American musicians in Paris jazz clubs including Johnny Griffin Phil Woods Bill Coleman and Bud Powell.Texier is a self-taught jazz bassist crediting Wilbur Ware most as an influence.
 Miranda Rose Shearer (born 11 May 1982) is a British journalist and author. She is the daughter of John Shearer a former Oxford University graduate and BBC employee who worked for many years as Head of Broadcasting for the North before transferring to the South and Tamasin Day-Lewis documentary maker former Telegraph columnist and author of a number of cookbooks. Miranda is also the granddaughter of Poet Laureate C.
 Louise Shivers is an author and writer-in-residence at Georgia Regents University Augusta Georgia.She received a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship and has published two novels.Here to Get My Baby Out of Jail' originally published by Random House Collins London and Editions Belfond in Paris was named Best First Novel of the Year by USA TODAY in 1983 and was made into the feature film Summer Heat.The movie in now on DVD.The novel is available from John F.
 Suresh Guptara (born 22 November 1988) is a British-born novelist who lives in Weinfelden Thurgau in Switzerland. He is the twin brother of Jyoti Guptara and son of Prabhu Guptara. He is of Indian descent.Guptara is perhaps best known as the co-author of the Insanity Saga which he wrote along with his twin brother Jyoti. The pair finished the first draft of Conspiracy of Calaspia book one of the fantasy epic at the age of eleven.
 Yohanan Simon was an Israeli painter.
 Blake Paul Neubert (born January 30 1981 in Glenwood Springs Colorado U.S.A.) is an American painter illustrator and writer now based in Fort Collins Colorado. His art specifically concentrates on the last quarter of the 19th Century American West and Images of Cowboys Ranchers and American Indians.
 Gregory LeNoir Gregg Allman (born December 8 1947) is an American rock and blues singer-songwriter keyboardist guitarist and a founding member of The Allman Brothers Band. He was inducted with the band into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1995.
 Iain Blair (12 August 1942 – 3 July 2011) was a Scottish actor and author who using the pen name Emma Blair wrote a series of romantic novels.
 Kang Dae-sung (Hangul: 강대성; born April 26 1989) is a South Korean singer variety host and occasional actor best known as being the lead vocalist of popular Korean group Big Bang. Since his debut he has released a solo album several singles performed in musicals acted in a drama What's Up became a fixed member of reality-variety television series Family Outing and talk show Night After Night. He was well known for his witty persona on television.
 Nosaj Thing (born Jason Chung) is an American electronic musician based in Los Angeles California.He has produced tracks for artists such as Kendrick Lamar Kid Cudi Busdriver Nocando and most recently Chance the Rapper.
 Rønnaug Kleiva (born 1951) is a Norwegian poet writer of short stories and author of children's literature. She received the Norwegian Critics Prize for Best children's book in 1997 for the children's book Ikkje gløym å klappe katten.
 William-Adolphe Bouguereau (French: [buɡ(ə)ʁo]; November 30 1825 – August 19 1905) was a French academic painter and traditionalist. In his realistic genre paintings he used mythological themes making modern interpretations of classical subjects with an emphasis on the female human body. During his life he enjoyed significant popularity in France and the United States was given numerous official honors and received top prices for his work.
 Paul G. Tremblay (born June 30 1971) is an American author and editor of contemporary horror dark fantasy and science fiction. Tremblay received two Bram Stoker Award nominations in 2007 and he is a juror for the Shirley Jackson Awards.
 Sara Nakayama (中山 さら Nakayama Sara born January 29 1974 in Saitama) is a Japanese voice actress who works for Aoni Production. She was previously credited as Manami Nakayama (中山 真奈美 Nakayama Manami).
 Jens Gad is a songwriter producer and guitarist. He was previously the co-producer for the musical project Enigma. Currently he is releasing albums under the name of Jens Gad Presents for his new instrumental work and also under the name of Achillea for his new world-influenced music which features different female vocalists on each album singing in different languages. Jens is the older brother of Toby Gad.
 William Thomas Tommy Emmanuel AM (born 31 May 1955) is an Australian virtuoso guitarist and occasional singer best known for his complex fingerstyle technique energetic performances and the use of percussive effects on the guitar. In the May 2008 and 2010 issues of Guitar Player Magazine he was named as Best Acoustic Guitarist in their readers' poll. In June 2010 Emmanuel was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia (AM).
 Mako Midori (緑 魔子 Midori Mako born 26 March 1944 Taiwan) is a Japanese actress. Debuting on film in 1964 she won the Blue Ribbon Award for best new face for Nihiki no mesuinu. Beyond appearing in over fifty Japanese language films in the 1960s and 1970s she has also acted extensively on stage winning major awards such as the Kinokuniya Theatre Prize. She is married to Renji Ishibashi.
 Olav Nordrå (1919 Hammerfest - 28 April 1994) was a Norwegian writer. He won the Riksmål Society Literature Prize in 1969.
 Jill Jack is an American singer-songwriter from Ferndale Michigan. As of May 2012 she has released eight albums ranging from soul to rock to folk and country. She leads a band of the same name. She's got the stage presence the voice the ability to interpret songs passionately ... there's a lot of soul in what she does—Billboard MagazineJill Jack’s magical connection to her audience is the result of her generous artistry.
 Henry W. Harry Armstrong (July 22 1879 – February 28 1951) was a U.S. boxer booking agent producer singer pianist and Tin Pan Alley composer.His biggest hit was Sweet Adeline written in 1903 with Richard H. Gerard. His 1905 song Nellie Dean became the signature song of the British music hall singer Gertie Gitana and a popular British pub song.
 Fares Karam (Arabic: فارس كرم: born 1974) is a popular Lebanese singer who specializes in the Dabke style and Lebanese music in general but with a more modernized twist. He has produced many hit singles and is notable in Lebanon and the Middle East. His hit records include Retani (I wish) El-Tannoura (The Skirt) Shefta (I Saw Her) and Neswanji (player). Throughout his career he has participated in a large number of concerts public celebrations and festivals all over Lebanon.
 Sholeh Wolpe (Persian: شعله ولپی‎) is an Iranian-American poet literary translator and visual artist.She was born in Iran and has lived in Trinidad England and United States. She is the author of three collections of poetry two books of translations and is the editor of two anthologies.
 Ephraim Chambers (c.1680 – 15 May 1740) was an English writer and encyclopaedist who is primarily known for producing the Cyclopaedia or a Universal Dictionary of Arts and Sciences.
 Sarah Atereth is an American recording artist singer songwriter dancer choreographer and producer. She is well known for her sultry vocal style unique lyrics and dynamic dancing. Sarah has had 5 consecutive hit songs worldwide including 2 #1 UK hits as reported by MusicWeek and DMC Magazines.
 Wesley Burrowes (born 15 April 1930) is an Irish playwright and screenwriter. Originally from Northern Ireland he is now a resident of the Republic of Ireland. He is best known as the chief scriptwriter on The Riordans and Glenroe two of the most successful drama series produced by RTÉ Television.
 Bernhard Stavenhagen (24 November 1862 – 25 December 1914) was a German pianist composer and conductor. His musical style was influenced by Franz Liszt and as a conductor he was a strong advocate of new music.
 Sergey Ivanovich Kuskov (June 6 1957 Moscow USSR — June 22 2008 Krasnodar Russia) was a renowned Russian curator.
 Paweł Kapliński (Polish pronunciation: [ˈpavɛw kaˈpliɲskʲi] born April 18 1980) better known by his stage name Pezet (Polish pronunciation: [ˈpɛzɛt]) is a Polish rapper. In 1998 he debuted with Onar in Płomień 81 and they published 3 albums. He started working with Noon in 2002 publishing 2 albums. 5 years later in 2007 his first solo album hit stores.Pezet hosted the program Rap Fura on Viva. He also had an episode in a crime drama television series called Kryminalni on TVN.
 René Marie (born René Marie Stevens on November 7 1955 in Warrenton Virginia) is a songwriter and jazz vocalist. She began her professional music career at age 42. In 1999 she performed at Blues Alley in Washington D.C. and signed a contract with the St. Louis-based Maxjazz label. She released four albums on the label the second of which (Vertigo) was awarded a coronet ranking by The Penguin Guide to Jazz a distinction given to less than 85 other recordings in jazz history.
 Thirunalloor Karunakaran (October 8 1924 – July 5 2006) was a renowned poet scholar teacher and leftist intellectual of Kerala India.
 Arthur A. Ross (February 4 1920 - November 11 2008) was an American film and television screenwriter best known for writing Brubaker and co-writing The Creature from the Black Lagoon. He was blacklisted during Red Scare. His son is writer producer and director Gary Ross.
 Joseph Carr was an American music publisher one of the most influential in the early history of the United States. He was based out of Baltimore while his brothers Thomas and Benjamin were based in New York and Philadelphia.
 Jose Ortiz (born July 28 1952) is a Puerto Rican astrologer and psychic known as (El Buen Samaritano) which translates into English as The Good Samaritan.
 Khin Myo Chit (Burmese: ခင်မျိုးချစ် pronounced: [kʰɪ̀ɴ mjó tɕʰɪʔ]; 1 May 1915 – 2 January 1999) was a Burmese author and journalist whose career spanned over four decades. She began her career writing short stories in Burmese for Dagon Magazine in 1934. She worked on the editorial staff of The Burma Journal during anti-colonial movements. After the war Khin Myo Chit wrote for The Oway a Burmese newspaper.
 Virginia Dehn (née Engleman) (October 26 1922 - July 28 2005) was an American painter and printmaker. Her work was known for its interpretation of natural themes in almost abstract forms. She exhibited in shows and galleries throughout the US. Her paintings are included in many public collections.
 Nils Nordberg (born 26 March 1942 in Verdal) is a Norwegian crime writer anthology editor and audio play director. He has worked for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation since 1969 and for Radioteatret since 1973. He is regarded among Norway's leading experts on crime fiction.
 Jorge Zaffino (1960–2002) was a comic book artist born in Argentina.
 Parker Gispert (born May 24 1982) is the lead singer of The Whigs. He is a native of Atlanta Georgia a 2001 graduate of The Westminster Schools and a 2006 graduate of the University of Georgia with a degree in Philosophy... After graduating college and self producing and releasing Give 'Em All A Big Fat Lip the band was signed to Dave Matthews' ATO label in the summer of 2006. Fat Lip was recorded with gear the band bought on eBay before subsequently selling it for a small profit.
 Kwame Yeboah (born 14 November 1977) is a Ghanaian musician guitarist keyboardist producer recording- engineer and multi-instrumentalist currently based in London UK. Originally from a village in Western Ghana his love for music led him all around the world working with international artists and back to his home country where he currently operates his recording studio Mixstation and is gaining growing success with his band Ohia b3y3 ya.
 John Dalrymple (1734–1779) was a Scottish writer.
 Mark Shreeve is an electronic music composer. After initially releasing his early work on cassette through the Mirage label he went on to sign for the newly formed Jive Electro in the early eighties and released the albums Assassin Legion and Crash Head.
 Sir John Phillip William Dankworth CBE (20 September 1927 – 6 February 2010) known in his early career as Johnny Dankworth was an English jazz composer saxophonist and clarinetist. He was the husband of jazz singer Dame Cleo Laine who survives him; they married in 1958.
 Theodorus Gaza or Theodore Gazis (Greek: Θεόδωρος Γαζῆς Theodoros Gazis; Italian: Teodoro Gaza; Latin: Theodorus Gazes) also called by the epithet Thessalonicensis (in Latin) and Thessalonikeus (in Greek) (c. 1398 – c. 1475) was a Greek humanist and translator of Aristotle one of the Greek scholars who were the leaders of the revival of learning in the 15th century (the Palaeologan Renaissance).
 Amos Rapoport (1929 Warsaw Poland) is the author of the book House Form & Culture - which talks about how culture human behavior and the environment affect house form.Until his retirement in 2001 he taught at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee where he was a Distinguished Professor in the School of Architecture and Urban Planning. He is one of the founders of the field of Environment-Behavior Studies (EBS).
 Steve Lightle (born November 19 1959) is an American comic book artist working primarily as a penciller.
 Yehuda Kiel (Hebrew: יהודה קיל; born 1916 died 16 June 2011) was an Israeli educator and Bible commentator.
 Fr. Martin Cyril D'Arcy S.J. (1888–1976) was a Roman Catholic priest philosopher of love and a correspondent friend and adviser of a range of literary figures including Evelyn Waugh Dorothy L. Sayers and W. H. Auden. He has been described as perhaps England's foremost Catholic public intellectual from the 1930s until his death.Educated at Stonyhurst he entered the Society of Jesus in 1907 and was ordained priest in 1921.
 Mary Barry is an independent singer/songwriter and jazz musician from Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. She sings in both of the official languages of Canada.She performed with singer Holly Hogan in 2007. Mark Peddle played both electric and acoustic bass guitar on Barry's 2007 album Red Eye Tonight. The album was her second. She won two awards at the 2007 MusicNL awards: Female Artist of the Year and Jazz and Blues Artist of the Year.
 Francesco Cairo (26 September 1607 – 27 July 1665) was an Italian Baroque painter active in Lombardy and Piedmont.
 Sylvana Lorenz (born on February 14 1953) is a French art dealer writer and artist in charge of communication for Pierre Cardin space since 1998.
 Petter Karlsson (born May 31 1977) is a multi instrumentalist and singer of Holocoaster and was a member of Swedish symphonic metal band Therion (2004–2008) lead vocalist and guitarist of Argento member of other several bands: Master Massive Kajarr Conspiracy.He had a big impact on Therion's 13:th album Gothic Kabbalah and was involved in the writing of 9 of the 15 songs.In the year 2009 he started the band Holocoaster.
 Serge Fiori (born March 4 1952) was the lead vocalist and guitarist for Harmonium an influential progressive rock band from Quebec. After Harmonium broke up he pursued a minor solo career.
 Nick Augusto (born 4 August 1986) is an American drummer of the heavy metal band Trivium. He replaced Travis Smith on 4 February 2010. Since joining Trivium Augusto has recorded: Shattering the Skies Above—which featured on the God of War: Blood & Metal EP— a cover of Sepultura's Slave New WorldIn Waves. and the bands latest album Vengeance Falls.
 Alexander Calder (/ˈkɔːldər/; July 22 1898 – November 11 1976) was an American sculptor best known as the originator of the mobile a type of kinetic sculpture made with delicately balanced or suspended components which move in response to motor power or air currents. By contrast Calder’s stationary sculptures are called stabiles. He also produced numerous wire figures notably for a miniature circus.
 Conroy Maddox (27 December 1912 – 14 January 2005) was an English surrealist painter collagist writer and lecturer; and a key figure in the Birmingham Surrealist movement.He was born in Ledbury Herefordshire and discovered surrealism in 1935 spending the rest of his life exploring its potential through his paintings collages photographs objects and texts.
 Jean-Louis Forain (23 October 1852 – 11 July 1931) was a French Impressionist painter lithographer watercolorist and etcher.
 Cynthia Kadohata (born July 2 1956) is a Japanese American children's writer known best for winning the Newbery Medal in 2005. She won the U.S. National Book Award in 2013.Kadohata was born in Chicago Illinois. Her first published short story appeared in The New Yorker in 1986.Weedflower her second children's book was published in Spring 2006. It is about the Poston internment camp where her father was imprisoned during World War II.
 Meiko (/ˈmiːkoʊ/) is an American singer/songwriter currently residing in Los Angeles California. She independently released a self-titled album on September 1 2007. All of the tracks from the LP have been featured in major network TV shows. Her sophomore full-length titled The Bright Side was released through Fantasy Records on May 15 2012 and a single from the album Stuck On You reached #1 on the combined Japanese AirPlay Chart and #1 on the International Chart in Japan.
 Derek Ridgers (born 20 October 1952) is an English photographer with a career spanning over thirty years.
 Margaret Stevenson (c.1807 - 28 September 1874) was an English Australian she was well known as a satirist and columnist in Adelaide where she wrote under the pseudonym 'A Colonist'
 Alejandro Millán (born July 10 1980 in Monterrey Mexico) is the singer keyboardist and composer for band Hello Madness. After winning a music production contest by CONARTE he released the album Light and Life After Dusk.He founded the progressive band Elfonía in 2002 releasing the albums Elfonía and This Sonic Landscape.He started playing piano and keyboards for Stream of Passion in 2004 releasing the studio album Embrace the Storm and the live CD/DVD Live in the Real World.
 Terje Isungset (born May 4 1964 Hol Norway) is a Norwegian musician (primarily as a percussionist) and composer. From his background in jazz and traditional Scandinavian music he has designed musical instruments from non-traditional materials including ice.
 Ion Luca Caragiale (Romanian pronunciation: [iˈon ˈluka karaˈd͡ʒjale]; commonly referred to as I. L. Caragiale; February 13 [O.S. February 1] 1852 – June 9 1912) was a great Romanian playwright short story writer poet theater manager political commentator and journalist.
 Kathy Diamond is a funk/disco house singer-songwriter from London England. She was born in Sheffield in the north of England. Her love for soul and disco started at an early age gaining inspiration from Donna Summer.In 1993 Diamond decided to write and sing herself collaborating different bands DJs and producers. In 2002 she wrote a Balearic song with house producers SWAG called Miracles Just Might. After SWAG did not include it on their album Diamond decided to release the song herself.
 Theo Findahl (Theodor Leonard Findahl; 24 August 1891 – 19 May 1976) was a Norwegian teacher and journalist. He was born in Tvedestrand. He worked as teacher until 1939 and from then as a foreign correspondent for the newspaper Aftenposten. He is particularly remembered for his reports from Germany on 5 and 7 April 1940 when he was a news correspondent in Berlin.
 Moose Harris (born (1967-12-17)17 December 1967 Devizes Wiltshire England) is a British bass guitarist who was known as Jason James Harris until June 2001 when he legally changed his name to reflect his former nickname and adopted professional alias of Moose.
 Ali Jackson Jr. (born April 3 1976) is an American jazz drummer.His mother a classical pianist taught him piano and how to read music at the age of four. His father bass player Ali Jackson Sr. taught him music theory and gave him drum lessons from rudiment books. Jackson attended Detroit's prestigious Cass Technical High School. He then attended The New School for Jazz and Contemporary Music earning a BA in composition.
 Arnold Rosner (born in New York City on November 8 1945 – November 8 2013) was an American composer of classical music.Rosner of Jewish descent got his training at State University of New York at Buffalo New York; according to his own account he learned nothing there. Rosner took his own path and composed in the style of Romanticism traditionally. He composed three operas eight symphonies six string quartets chamber music and songs.
 Pavel Nešleha (19 February 1937 Prague – 13 September 2003 Prague) was a Czech painter drawer graphic artist and photographer. He was a prominent representative of the 1960s art movement and a major figure in Czech non-conformist avant-garde art. His drawings and graphical work earned him several awards and distinctions. Starting in 1965 his work was showcased regularly in group expositions in the Czech Republic and abroad; he had his first solo show in 1966.
 Konstantinos Dino Stamatopoulos (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Σταματόπουλος) is a Greek-American television comedy writer actor and producer who worked on TV programs such as Mr.
 M. Chidananda Murthy (Kannada: ಚಿದಾನಂದ ಮೂರ್ತಿ) (born May 10 1931) is a Kannada writer researcher and historian. He is a well-known scholar in Karnataka specializing in the history of Kannada language and ancient Karnataka. He is also known for his campaign to conserve the monuments Hampi and to secure classical language status to Kannada Language. Murthy has also articulated that uniform civil code and an anti-conversion law must be enacted by the Government in India.
 Perumbadavam Sreedharan (Malayalam: പെരുമ്പടവം ശ്രീധരന്‍) (born 12 February 1938) is a prolific Malayalam author from Kerala state South India. He is the present Chairman of Kerala Sahithya Academy. He has written several novels and short stories. One of his most famous and critically acclaimed novels is Oru Sankeerthanam Pole (1993) for which he won the Vayalar Award in 1996.
 John Kao (born 1950) is an author and strategic advisor based in San Francisco. His work concentrates on issues of innovation and organizational transformation. Kao was born in 1950 to Chinese immigrant parents. An accomplished jazz pianist he spent the summer of 1969 playing keyboards for Frank Zappa. Kao studied philosophy at Yale College received an MD from Yale Medical School and an MBA from Harvard Business School.
 Brian Wood (Born Saskatoon SK Canada 1948) is a visual artist working with multiple media in painting drawing printmaking and photography in New York City.
 Brooke Allison Adams (born September 26 1986) better known as Brooke Allison is a pop singer from Fort Worth Texas USA who had a minor hit in 2001 with The Kiss-Off (Goodbye). She later worked with the other members of a new girl group The Beach Girl5 to release their first singles and album.
 Henry Paul (born August 25 1949 in Kingston New York) is an American southern rock and country singer/songwriter who was a founding member of the Southern rock band Outlaws the front man and founder of the Henry Paul Band and the lead singer for the country band BlackHawk.
 Jamila Akiko Chilombo (born November 18 1983) known mononymously as Mila J is an American singer songwriter rapper and dancer from Los Angeles California. She is known for being in Prince's video for Diamonds and Pearls and was part of a short-lived girl groups called Gyrl and Dame Four and appeared on tracks by RaRa IMx and Omarion.
 Nina Svetlanova (born in Kiev January 23 1932) is a Russian-American concert pianist and educator. She became a naturalized US citizen in 1983. She has been a professor of piano at New York's Manhattan School of Music and Mannes College of Music since the late 1970s and is a highly sought-after pedagogue and many of her students are well-known pianists and international competition winners.
 Agnes Caroline Thaarup Obel (born 28 October 1980 in Gentofte Copenhagen) is a Danish singer/songwriter. Her first album Philharmonics was released by PIAS Recordings on 4 October 2010 in Europe most notably Denmark Norway and Germany. Philharmonics was certified gold in June 2011 by the Belgian Entertainment Association (BEA) for sales of 10000 units.
 Jeff Cashen is an Australian Adult-Contemporary/Acoustic singer-songwriter he released and toured his debut album ‘Threads’ in 2007. His influences are diverse and his sound has often been compared to that of Jason Mraz David Grey and Josh Rouse.
 Amulya Barua (Assamese: অমূল্য বৰুৱা) was a pioneer of modern Assamese poetry. He was born at Jorhat on June 30 1922. In 1941 he passed matriculation examination from Jorhat Govt High School with letter marks in Assamese and in 1945 he passed his B.A. examination from Jagannath Barooah College Jorhat. Then he went to Kolkata for higher studies and admitted into the MA class of Calcutta University.
 Gary Bernstein is an American photographer and author.
 Kim Yeong-hyeon is a modern Korean poet novelist and publisher.
 Mohsen Chavoshi Hosseini (Persian: محسن چاوشی‎) (born 30 July 1979) is an Iranian musician singer record producer and songwriter. He lives in Tehran.He has released 9 albums including a soundtrack to 2007 film Santouri.
 Jintara Poonlarp (Thai: จินตหรา พูนลาภ RTGS: Chintara Phunlap b. March 12 1971 in Kaset Wisai District Roi Et Province Thailand) is a Thai mor lam luk thung and pop music singer. She is one of the most popular and prolific of the artists in the mor lam (Thai country) and luk thung (Thai pop-country) genres having released 40 original albums as well as many compilations.
 Sigismondo Coccapani (1585 - 1643) was an Italian painter. Born in Florence he studied under Ludovico Cigoli in Rome before returning to his native city.
 Pramoedya Ananta Toer (EYD: Pramudya Ananta Tur) (6 February 1925 – 30 April 2006) was an Indonesian author of novels short stories essays polemic and histories of his homeland and its people. His works span the colonial period Indonesia's struggle for independence its occupation by Japan during the Second World War as well as the post-colonial authoritarian regimes of Sukarno and Suharto and are infused with personal and national history.
 Winifred Milius Lubell (June 14 1914 – January 3 2012) was an American illustrator artist and writer. In her early adult years Milius was active in the Communist Party of the United States and an advocate for social justice.
 Anusha Mani is an Indian female playback singer who works actively in Bollywood film Industry.
 Terence Hanbury White (29 May 1906 – 17 January 1964) known as Tim was an English author best known for his sequence of Arthurian novels The Once and Future King first published together in 1958.
 Frédéric François (born Francesco Barracato 3 June 1950) is a Belgian – Italian singer born in Sicily near Palermo.
 Christopher Cattle is a British furniture designer who has developed a process of growing furniture by shaping living trees.
 Charlemae Hill Rollins (June 20 1897 – February 3 1979) was a pioneering librarian author and storyteller in the area of African-American literature. During her thirty-one years as head librarian of the children’s department at the Chicago Public Library as well as after her retirement she instituted substantial reforms in children’s literature.
 James Sallis (born 21 December 1944) is an American crime writer poet and musician best known for his series of novels featuring the character Lew Griffin and set in New Orleans and for his 2005 novel Drive which was adapted into a 2011 film of the same name.He is the brother of philosopher John Sallis. His latest book is the 2012 novel Driven.
 Liu Kai-chi (Chinese: 廖啟智; pinyin: Liào Qǐzhì) is a Hong Kong actor best known for his everyman supporting roles. For 25 years he worked for TVB Hong Kong's first over-the-air commercial station but did not renew his contract in 2005.
 Sir Robert Vere Robin Darwin KCB CBE RA RSA PRWA NEAC (7 May 1910 – 30 January 1974) was a British artist and Rector of the Royal College of Art.He was the son of the golf writer Bernard Darwin and his wife the engraver Elinor Monsell. One of his sisters was the potter Ursula Mommens. He was a great-grandson of the naturalist Charles Darwin. In 1931 he married Yvonne Darby (1900?-1985) who was also an artist.
 Nerm is a DJ broadcaster & fixer in music and film. Born in Birmingham as a child he edited together cut up cassette tapes to make his first mixes. At 16 he started DJing and made the leap from cassette to vinyl. His first residency was at the Ministry of Sound in Birmingham.
 Parvaz Homay (born 1980) is an Iranian composer lyricist vocalist and performer specializing in Persian classical-style music. Also known by his given birth name Saieed Jafar-Zadeh he is better known in the public as Homay. He is the founder and leader of the Mastan Ensemble.
 Giovanni Consolini (1808-1906) was an Italian composer. His opera Il conte di Salto successfully premiered at the Teatro Chiabrera in Savona on 21 January 1894. He was also known for his opera La finta pazza.
 Pasquale Pascal Mazzotti (December 16 1923 in Saint-Étienne-de-Baïgorry – June 19 2002 in Saint-Ouen-l'Aumône) was a French actor who has appeared in film television and theater. He is known for having played a role in Hibernatus with Louis de Funès as well as provided the voice of Le roi (The King) in the animated feature film Le Roi et l'oiseau (The King and the Mockingbird).Mazzotti is buried in Thiais Val-de-Marne.
 Frederick Dewayne Freddie Hubbard (April 7 1938 – December 29 2008) was an American jazz trumpeter. He was known primarily for playing in the bebop hard bop and post-bop styles from the early 1960s and on. His unmistakable and influential tone contributed to new perspectives for modern jazz and bebop.
 Bryyn (Welsh pronunciation: [ˈbrɨn ˈ]; born Bryn Martin January 31 1980) is an American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist based in Cuyahoga Falls Ohio. His music has been described to be a new wave and independent folk pop intertwined with experimental and creative sounds. Bryyn is noted for self-recording and producing all of his music and released many songs under the creative commons license.
 Charles Robert Leslie RA (19 October 1794 – 5 May 1859) was an English genre painter.
 Greg Swann is the lead author for a leading US based realty website Bloodhound Blog and also DistinctivePhoenix.com which is devoted to historic and architecturally-distinctive homes in Central and North Central Phoenix. In 2007 Swann was one of ten blog coaches for Active Rain's Project Blogger competition.
 Stuart Clark is a contemporary English writer and widely read astronomy journalist. His career is devoted to presenting the dynamic and complex world of astronomy to the general public both as semi-fictional novels of past scientists and as popularised astronomy articles.
 Robert Jobling (1841–1923) was a British artist. He first had work accepted by both the Royal Academy and Royal Society of British Artists in 1883. He painted regularly at Cullercoats and later at Staithes and attained a position of some standing in the Staithes group. His main artistic exposure was in exhibitions in the north of England.
 Carol M. Highsmith (born 1946) is a photographer author and publisher who has photographed the United States including the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico.
 Tim Gilbertson (born 1987) is a Canadian power-pop singer-songwriter based in Edmonton Alberta. He plays guitar bass guitar and piano. His musical influences include The Weakerthans and Modest Mouse.
 Reverend George Fyler Townsend (1814-1900) was the translator of the standard English edition of Aesop's Fables.Although there are more modern collections and translations Townsend's volume of 350 fables introduced the practice of stating a succinct moral at the conclusion of each story and continues to be influential.
 Pablove Black (born Paul Anthony Dixon October 24 1950) is a Jamaican reggae musician (keyboards and steel drums) arranger composer bandleader vocalist and producer.
 Janice Grube is an American singer-songwriter based in Portland Oregon. She was the voice and main songwriter for the Los Angeles band Watsonville Patio.After a few years removed from the music industry Grube started WK Radio Wieden+Kennedy's in house internet radio station. After a brief hiatus in summer 2009 WK Radio returns in September as WKE (WKEntertainment) W+K's new content driven entertainment channel.
 Robert James Byrd (July 1 1930 – July 27 1990) known by the stage name Bobby Day was an American rock and roll and R&B musician.
 Charles Croker-King (1873-1951) was a British stage and film actor.
 David Eugene Mills (November 20 1961 – March 30 2010) was an American journalist writer and producer of television programs. He was an executive producer and writer of the HBO miniseries The Corner for which he won two Emmy Awards and the creator executive producer and writer of the NBC miniseries Kingpin.
 Franz Joseph Spiegler (5 April 1691 – 15 April 1757) was a German Baroque painter. He is best known for his frescoes which decorate many of the churches and monasteries along the Upper Swabian Baroque Route. The frescoes in the Zwiefalten Abbey are considered his masterpiece.Spiegler was born the Free Imperial City of Wangen im Allgäu the son of a district court attorney.
 'Ostad (“Master”) Mahmoud Zoufonoun' (Persian: محمود ذوالفنون sometimes pronounced Zolfonoon or Zolfonun in Persian 1 January 1920 – 19 October 2013) was an accomplished musician in the art of Persian traditional music.
 Karine Haaland (born August 29 1966 in Bergen) is a Norwegian comic strip creator animator and illustrator known for the comic strip Piray.
 Martin Espino is a Mexican-American musician and composer of indigenous Yaqui and Tepehuano ancestry from Whittier California. He is best known for performing authentic prehispanic music with his band MEXIKA. Espino spent over twenty five years researching prehispanic musical instruments and performed with many indigenous musicians from Mexico Ecuador Peru and Bolivia.
 Thomas Richards MA D.Litt F.R.Hist.S (15 March 1878 – 24 June 1962) was a Welsh historian author and librarian.Richards was born at Tal-y-bont Cardiganshire and was nicknamed Doctor Tom. He studied history at the University College of North Wales (now Bangor University) before working as a history teacher at Tywyn Bootle and from 1912 Maesteg Secondary School later returning to his old College as Librarian from 1926 to 1946.
 Annie Wu (born August 21 1978) is a Taiwanese actress and model.She has mainly acted in mainland Chinese TV series and was featured in Jackie Chan's Police Story 4: First Strike. Though not fluent in Cantonese she has also been featured in several Hong Kong films and magazine spreads. During her part in First Strike Jackie Chan joked how horrible her Cantonese was and subsequently her voice was dubbed over with another voice.
 Christina Judith Perri (born August 19 1986) is an American singer-songwriter and musician from Philadelphia. Her debut single Jar of Hearts charted after it was featured on the Fox television show So You Think You Can Dance in 2010. The single went on to sell over 3 million copies in the United States and was a hit around the world. In the UK it reached number three on the charts and spent over 3 months in the UK Top 40.
 Abhimann Roy (Kannada: ಅಭಿಮಾನ್ ರಾಯ್) is an Indian film score and soundtrack composer. He has predominantly scored music for Kannada films. He has also sung few of his own compositions.Roy debuted as a music composer in 2001 for the film Kullralokaand has since been composing for many commercial feature films in Kannada. Roy has won the Best Music Director Award from the Government of Karnataka for the year 2009-10 for the film Taj Mahal.
 Walt Strony (born 1955) is an award-winning American recording consulting and performing organist and organ teacher both on the theatre organ and traditional pipe organ ranging from pizza parlors to churches and theatres to symphony orchestras.
 Judith Schalansky (born 20 September 1980 in Greifswald) is a German writer book designer and publisher. She is the author of four books. Her book Atlas of Remote Islands was the winner of the prize for the most beautiful German book of the year in 2009. In 2012 she won the same prize for The Giraffe’s Neck. Schalansky has degrees in both art history and communication design.The asteroid (95247) Schalansky was named after her in 2011.
 Imre Czomba is a Music Composer Orchestrator Film Composer Musician and Music Producer. He was born in Hungary. He has composed music for over 15 theatre shows over Europe. He was composed the Hungarian National Day’s Fireworks in 2008 and 2009.
 Nesma Alaa Ali Mahgoub (Arabic: نسمة علاء علي محجوب‎) (born September 26 1989) is the winner of the Star Academy Arab World the 8th season. She is the second Egyptian to win in the show after Mohamed Atieh the second female contestant to win after Shada Hassoun and the second candidate to win in the Arab show by singing mostly the western genre after Nader Guirat.
 Christopher Adam Chris Daughtry (born December 26 1979) is an American musician best known as the lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist for the rock band Daughtry and as the fourth-place contestant on the fifth season of American Idol. After his elimination from Idol he was given a record deal by RCA Records and formed a band called Daughtry.
 Vincenzo Campi (c. 1536–1591) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance from Cremona.His style merges Lombard with Mannerist styles however unlike his siblings he is known for a series of canvases mostly painted after the 1570s displaying genre scenes and local produce. Many set at a food store front of some sort.
 Stefan Borsch born 19 January 1947 in Hagfors Sweden is a Swedish dansband singer. At first he sang for Swedish dansband Öijwinds and from 1973 for the dansband Vikingarna which he left in 1979. After this he began a solo career. He participated at the Swedish Melodifestivalen 1985 with the song Sjung din sång which was knocked out in the first round. In parallel to his solo albums he also sang with Anders Engbergs until 1988.
 Vincent Archibald Patrick Cronin FRSL (24 May 1924 – 25 January 2011) was a British historical cultural and biographical writer best known for his biographies of Louis XIV Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette Catherine the Great and Napoleon as well as for his books on the Renaissance.Cronin was born in Tredegar Monmouthshire to Scottish doctor and novelist A. J. Cronin and May Gibson but moved to London at the age of two.
 Agnes Strickland (19 August 1796–8 July 1874) was an English historical writer and poet.
 Shirley Childress Saxton is an African-American American Sign Language instructor and interpreter. Since 1980 she has performed with Sweet Honey in the Rock.
 Joni-Ruth White is an actress who appeared in the 1981 film Polyester directed by John Waters. She played Divine's harridan mother LaRue.
 Klejdi Llupa professionally known as Claydee Lupa and Beetkraft (born 7 June 1985) is an Albanian music artist producer songwriter and music executive now based in Greece. He is one of the most promising young artists who emerged on the Greek music scene in the last few years[citation needed] and who has already have international hits both as a singer and as a producer and songwriter.
 Katsunosuke Hori (堀 勝之祐 Hori Katsunosuke born August 1 1941) is a veteran Japanese voice actor actor and narrator from the Tokyo Metropolitan area. He is a member of 81 Produce.
 Idris Azad (Urdu: ادریس آزاد‎ born Idrees Ahmad Urdu: ادریس احمد‎) on August 7 1969 is an author philosopher novelist poet dramatist and columnist. He has written several books on fiction journalism critic poetry philosophy mysticism and art.
 William Patrick Niederst best known as Liam Lynch is a musician puppeteer writer and director. He co-created co-wrote played the music for directed and produced MTV's Sifl and Olly Show.Lynch also made the album Fake Songs released in 2003 produced by his own company 111 Productions. This album featured the song United States of Whatever which charted in the Top 10 in the United Kingdom and Australia.Lynch also directs music videos.
 Harland Miller is a writer and artist. Born in Yorkshire England in 1964 he studied at Chelsea School of Art graduating in 1988 with an MA.Miller published his first novel Slow Down Arthur Stick to Thirty published by Fourth Estate to critical acclaim in 2000. In the same year he published a novella titled At First I was Afraid I was Petrified. Published by Book Works the novella is a study of obsessive compulsive disorder.
 Mandy Lauderdale is a cabaret singer from Atlanta Georgia. Her sound has been described as cabaret jazz blues and lounge. Lauderdale's influences include such artists as Bette Midler Lucille Ball Bernadette Peters and Carol Burnett. She currently resides in Austin Texas. Her performances are described as being wickedly funny sharply crafted and always in the moment. Lauderdale contributed vocals to the platinum-selling band Rehab song More Like You.
 Anteneh Addisu known by his stage name ANTHM is a rapper from Manhattan NY. Of Ethiopian descent ANTHM was born in Russia but spent parts of his childhood in Germany and Dallas TX. Before pursuing a rap career ANTHM attended Duke University then went on to become a trader at the Wall Street firm Citigroup.
 Otohiko Kaga (加賀 乙彦 Kaga Otohiko born April 22 1929) is a Japanese author.
 Gabriel Jackson (born. 1963) better known by his stage name Spoonie Gee is one of the earliest rap artists and one of the few rap artists to release records in the 1970s. He has been credited with originating the term hip hop and some of the themes in his music were precursors of gangsta rap.
 Brian Tutunick (born March 31 1968) is an American musician more famously known as Olivia Newton Bundy and was the bassist and co-founder of the rock group Marilyn Manson until 1990 when he was replaced by Gidget Gein.
 Lisi Harrison (born Elyse E. Gottlieb on July 29 1970Toronto Canada) is a Canadian-born author. She writes young adult fiction and is well known for her three series The Clique Alphas and Monster High.
 Takahashi Yuichi (高橋 由一 March 20 1828- July 6 1894) was a Japanese painter noted for his pioneering work in developing the yōga (Western-style) art movement in late 19th-century Japanese painting.
 Lydia Davis (born July 15 1947) is an American writer noted for her short stories. Davis is also a novelist essayist and translator from French and other languages and has produced several new translations of French literary classics including Proust's Swann’s Way and Flaubert's Madame Bovary.
 Leslie Jones (1886-1967) was a Boston Massachusetts photographer who worked for Boston Herald-Traveler newspaper for 39 years from 1917 to 1956. His photographs document both the usual and the unusual in the daily life of Boston.
 Justin Jones (born 9 January 1964 Birmingham) is an English musician and guitarist.Jones grew up in Inkberrow. There he founded And Also The Trees together with Nick and Graham Havas and his brother Simon Huw Jones.
 Asgeir Mickelson (born 30 September 1969) is a Norwegian musician artist photographer and music reviewer. Although primarily a drummer Mickelson has stated that he considers himself a musician above a drummer and is also a guitarist and bassist.
 Merton Brown (1913–2000) was a composer who studied with Wallingford Riegger and Carl Ruggles. He often collaborated with choreographers including former Martha Graham dancer Matti Haim José Limón and Thomas Hewitt.Virgil Thomson describes him as a neo-contrapuntalist influenced by Carl Ruggles and involved with rounded [ melodic ] material but not so much with the personalized sentiment involved in neoromanticism.
 John Halpern a.k.a. 'Paul' from The Guardian Punk and Mudd was born in Cuckfield Sussex UK in 1967 and is a cryptic crossword compiler for newspapers including The Guardian The Independent The Times and The Financial Times.Halpern's interest in The Guardian cryptic crossword puzzle began when he was a student in Canterbury and he wondered if the compilers could possibly be human beings.
 Dianne Warren (born August 28 1950 in Ottawa Ontario) is a Canadian novelist dramatist and short story writer who lives in Regina Saskatchewan.
 Brian French is the President of Tempo Entertainment a company the specializes in Live Music Production Video Production Film and Choreography [1] where he has produced and directed numerous commercials films music videos and documentaries. Brian is also the Production Manager for Smokey Robinson and co-produced Robinson's albums Timeless Love Time Flies When You're Having Fun and Now And Then. He was the Senior Manager of Production for the House of Blues Corporation from 2000 to 2002.
 Gian Paolo Borghetti (corsu: Ghjuvan-Paulu Borghetti français: Jean-Paul Borghetti 23 June 1816 - 4 November 1897) was a Corsican writer poet and politician. He has been described as one of the greatest Corsican poets writing in Italian and one of the most brilliant Corsican intellectuals of the nineteenth century.
 Jean Lorrain (August 9 1855 in Fécamp Seine-Maritime – June 30 1906) born Paul Duval was a French poet and novelist of the Symbolist school.Lorrain was a dedicated disciple of dandyism and openly gay. He contributed to the satirical weekly Le Courrier français. Lorrain wrote a number of collections of verse including La forêt bleue (1883) and L'ombre ardente (1897).
 Takkyu Ishino (石野 卓球 Ishino Takkyū) born December 26 1967 in Shizuoka Japan as Fumitomi Ishino (石野 文敏 Ishino Fumitomi) is a Japanese composer and music producer. He is a member of the technopop group Denki Groove.
 Chihiro Yonekura (米倉 千尋 Yonekura Chihiro born August 19 1972) is a Japanese singer and song-writer from Yokohama Kanagawa Japan.
 Ingo Niermann (born 1969 Bielefeld Germany) is a German novelist writer and artist.
 The Master of the Ortenberg Altarpiece was a German painter active in Mainz during the first third of the fifteenth century. His work shows traces of the influence of Robert Campin. His name is derived from an altarpiece painted between 1410 and 1420 for the church of Ortenberg; this may currently be found in a museum collection in Darmstadt.
 Bridget Turner (born 22 February 1939 Cleethorpes Lincolnshire) is an English actress.She has worked with a number of actors including Peter O'Toole Elizabeth Taylor Kirk Douglas Bernard Blier Trevor Howard Bernadette Lafont Richard Burton and Christina Ricci.On 8 May 2009 John Cleese stated in an interview that Bridget was originally offered the part of Sybil Fawlty in Fawlty Towers back in 1974. She turned it down and the role was given to Prunella Scales.
 Philip Strange (1889–1959) was a British actor.
 Allanah Starr is an American male-to-female transsexual pornographic actress escort performance artist model and party promoter.She was born in Cuba and emigrated to the United States at five with her family. Her father had been a political prisoner.
 Mychal Simonz a.k.a. Mychal Kae Simmons ( born Michael Keith Simmons born on September 11 1960 in Brooklyn New York City) is a multi instrumentalist songwriter composer record producer and author. He is best known for his work as part of a record production duo “The 88/X Unit” which he with production and songwriting credits with former partner Victor N. Taylor a.k.a. “The X-Man”. He currently records and produces records for his label Playatime Recordings.
 Ola Nils Håkan Svensson born 23 February 1986 in Lund Skåne professionally known simply as Ola is a Swedish artist and songwriter. His career began on Swedish Idol in 2005 however since coming 8th Ola has released four albums. Eleven of his releases have reached Top 5 with 6 making it to number one on the Swedishsingle charts attaining gold and platinum certification.
 Matthew Woodring Stover (born 1962) is an American fantasy and science fiction novelist. He is perhaps best known for his four Star Wars novels including the novelization of Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith. He has also written several fantasy novels including Iron Dawn and Jericho Moon.
 Simone Balli (born c. 1580 in Florence) was an Italian painter of the 17th century. He settled in Genoa in 1600 where he mainly painted. He trained with Aurelio Lomi and painted often small cabinet pieces on copper for example for the Spinola palace in Cornigliano (Genoa). He also painted for the church of Santa Maria delle Vigne the Carmine and the Oratory of St. Bartholemew in Genoa.
 Benjamin Angus Wright is an award-winning media composer based in London UK.He has composed for the BBC Discovery Destination Films and many other major clients. In 2009 he won 'Best Music' at the prestigious Missoula International Wildlife Film Festival for his score to Mike Birkhead's Amba the Russian Tiger. His company is called Compose to Picture. Before working in TV and Film Wright wrote for the band 'Obaben' (Human Condition Records) to critical acclaim in the Scottish press.
 Angger Dimas (born March 1 1988) is an electronic musician DJ and music producer from Jakarta Indonesia. Angger Dimas started playing guitar at age 7 and first became active in the Jakarta club scene in 2009. He has been called the #1 DJ of Indonesia by thedjlist.com.
 Eric Zann is an alias of electronic musician Jim Jupp (along with Belbury Poly). Jupp's releases are on the Ghost Box Music label ofwhich he is a co-founder. The name references a minor H. P. Lovecraft short story The Music of Erich Zann.
 Shantha P. Nair (5 September 1929 – 26 July 2008) was a playback singer in Malayalam cinema. She was based in Thrissur Kerala.
 Toni Willé (born Antonia Johanna Cornelia Kowalczyk 26 June 1953 in Treebeek) is a country pop artist who was also the lead vocalist of former Dutch band Pussycat. She is a striking blonde beauty with a strong sultry voice and a distinctive gap in her upper front teeth. Toni is the daughter of Marie and Stefan Kowalcyk. Stefan was a Polish miner from Wloszczowa Poland who came to the Netherlands in 1948 to work in the coal mines after serving in the US Army in Germany.
 Michael George Campbell (4 June 1954 – 15 March 2008) better known as Mikey Dread was a Jamaican singer producer and broadcaster. He was one of the most influential performers and innovators in reggae music. His abilities technical expertise and unique vocal delivery combined to create a unique sound that tells the listener emphatically that it is the 'Dread at the Controls'.
 Richard P. Rosenthal is an American author and law enforcement officer. In 2011 he retired as the chief of police of Wellfleet Massachusetts on Cape Cod where he served for over 20 years. Prior he served two decades as an NYPD officer retiring at the rank of lieutenant.Rosenthal has written books on police craft one on Skycops and one on K-9 units as well as a novel and a memoir about police undercover work.
 Lynette Diaz is an American-born singer-songwriter living in Christchurch New Zealand. Her song Living Before Dying was awarded an Honorable Mention at the 2008 Peacedriven Songwriting Contest and also at the 12th Annual Unisong Songwriting Competition.
 Terry de Havilland (born 1942) is an English shoe designer often cited as the ‘Rock n Roll Cobbler of the 1970s’ and is most famed for his key part in the ‘Swinging London’ fashion scene with clients including Marianne Faithfull Led Zeppelin Bianca Jagger and David Bowie. His iconic platforms are still worn today by the likes of Kate Moss.
 Dario Seixas Filho (born March 11 1971) is a rock bass player who most recently played with the multi-platinum band Jack Russell's Great White. He has also toured with the Hard Rock band Firehouse and recorded their 2003 release Prime Time. He has been credited by Brazilian media as the first Brazilian musician to play in a top Hard Rock band. Seixas has also toured with metal legend Stephen Pearcy of RATT and is a current member of the bands Goodbye Thrill and Crown of Thorns.
 Tracy Hitchings is an English musician lead vocalist for the Progressive Rock band Landmarq. Her musical credits span from 1989 to the present day with many notable sessions with various bands and artists. Hitchings is known for her charismatic stage presence and wide vocal range.
 Richard Godfrey Seal (born 1935) is an English organist and conductor who served from 1968–1997 as organist and master of the choristers at Salisbury Cathedral.
 Darian Cowgill (born November 7 1972 Pasadena California United States) is an American mix engineer mastering engineer and record producer.
 George S. Davis (1904–1992) known as The Singing Miner was a folk singer and songwriter who worked as a coal miner and then as a disc jockey on local radio in Hazard Kentucky from 1947 until 1969.
 Usher Raymond IV (born October 14 1978) known mononymously as Usher is an American singer songwriter dancer philanthropist businessman and actor. He rose to fame in the late 1990s with the release of his second album My Way which spawned his first Billboard Hot 100 number-one hit Nice & Slow. The album has been certified 6-times platinum by the RIAA. His follow-up album 8701 produced the Billboard Hot 100 number one hits U Remind Me and U Got It Bad.
 Brandon Mull is an American writer who is best known as the author of the Fablehaven fantasy series which is a New York Times bestseller. Mull has also written The Candy Shop War.
 Dorothée (born 14 July 1953 in Paris) the stage name of Frédérique Hoschedé is a French singer and television presenter.
 Susan Cadogan (born Alison Anne Cadogan 2 November 1951 Kingston Jamaica) is a reggae singer best known for her hit records in the 1970s.
 Ralph Avery (1907 – 1976) was an American landscape painter and watercolorist based in Rochester New York. He recorded city streets churches trees iron fences and the ambiance of Rochester New York. He also painted in Mexico the West Indies Europe and Northern Africa.
 Stephen Gregory is a Welsh author of horror fiction. He was born in Derby England in 1952. He has a degree in law from the University of London and has worked as a teacher in various places including Bangor in Wales Algiers in Algeria and the Sudan. Gregory lived in Hollywood California for a time where he worked as a script writer with William Friedkin at Paramount Pictures.
 John D Morton (born March 27 1953) is an American musician songwriter multi-instrumentalist poet writer and visual artist born in the Cleveland suburb of Lakewood Ohio best known as the leader and founder of protopunk band electric eels in 1972.
 Gilbert Bécaud (French pronunciation: ​[ʒil.bɛːʁ be.ko] 24 October 1927 – 18 December 2001) was a French singer composer pianist and actor known as Monsieur 100.000 Volts for his energetic performances. His best-known hits are Nathalie and Et Maintenant a 1961 release that became an English language hit as What Now My Love. He remained a popular artist for nearly fifty years identifiable in his dark blue suits with a white shirt and lucky tie; blue with white polka dots.
 Samantha Judith Ronson (born 7 August 1977) is an English singer-songwriter and disc jockey who lives in Santa Monica California.
 Rick Cua (born December 3 1948 in Syracuse New York) is an American Christian rock singer songwriter bassist author and ordained minister. He is a former member of the southern rock band Outlaws whom he joined in 1980 but left in 1983 to pursue a full-time career in Christian contemporary music the year after wherein he gained popularity throughout most the 1980s as a leather-jacket-wearing rocker with an arena rock sound featuring big shout-along choruses.
 Keith Follesé (born 1951 in Minneapolis Minnesota) is an American songwriter and co-founder of Midas Records Nashville.Early in his career Follesé recorded with his wife Adrienne on A&M Records. They never released an album and moved to Los Angeles California.
 For other people by this name see Ann Howard.Ann Howard (born 1942) is an Australian author and journalist.Ann Howard lives and writes on the Hawkesbury River New South Wales with her partner Robert Bickerstaff. She has three sons two grandsons and two granddaughters.
 Ruvim Isayevich Frayerman (Рувим Исаевич Фраерман September 22 [10 o.s.] 1891 Mogilyov Russian Empire – March 28 1972 Moscow) was a Soviet writer poet essayist and journalist. Described as a major component of the Socialist romanticism Frayerman is best remembered as a children's literature author whose novel Wild Dog Dingo or the Tale of the First Love (1939) became a popular Soviet film in 1962.
 Mohammad Hisham Mahmoud Mohammad Abbas (Arabic: محمد هشام محمود محمد عباس‎; born September 13 1963) commonly known as just Hisham Abbas (Egyptian: هشام عباس) is an Egyptian pop singer best known for his hit song Habibi Dah (Nari Narain) and his religious song Asmaa Allah al-husna.
 Wavis O'Shave is a surreal English musician and comedian who regularly appeared on Channel 4's music show The Tube (1982–1987).
 Robin Goldstein is an American author and food and wine critic. He is known for his offbeat academic papers questioning conventional wisdom in the food and wine industries including a controversial exposé of Wine Spectator magazine. He is also the founder and editor-in-chief of the Fearless Critic restaurant guide series and the Wine Trials and Beer Trials books and writes for the New York Times' Freakonomics blog.
 Irina Zahharenkova (born 23 February 1976 in Kaliningrad) is an Estonian pianist and harpsichordist trained at the Estonian Academy of Music and the Sibelius Academy.
 Sheyla Bonnick is a singer and performer born in Jamaica and brought up in England. She was a member of an early line-up of pop group Boney M. in 1975. Her name was previously spelled as Sheila Bonnick and Sheila Bonnique.
 Jeremy John Ratter (born 8 June 1943) is better known as Penny (Lapsang) Rimbaud. He is a writer poet philosopher painter musician and activist. He was a former member of the performance art groups EXIT and Ceres Confusion and in 1972 was co-founder with Phil Russell aka Wally Hope of the Stonehenge Free Festivals. In 1977 alongside Steve Ignorant he co-founded the seminal anarchist punk band Crass which disbanded in 1984.
 Christine L'Heureux is a Canadian author and publisher who created with illustrator Hélène Desputeaux Caillou a successful series of children's books that later generated a TV-series with same name in 1997.
 Gail Force (born July 25 1966) is an American pornographic actress and directorShe has been inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame.
 David Constantine Brooks (born 30 November 1981) better known by his stage name Mavado is a Jamaican musician actor singer and music producer.
 Ana Gabriel (born María Guadalupe Araújo Yong December 10 1955) is a Mexican singer and composer from Santiago de Comanito Sinaloa Mexico. She first sang on the stage at age six singing Regalo A Dios by José Alfredo Jiménez. She moved to Tijuana Baja California and studied accounting. At age 21 in 1977 she recorded her first song titled Compréndeme.
 Jimmie Blanton (October 5 1918 – July 30 1942) was an influential American jazz double bassist. Blanton is credited with being the originator of more complex pizzicato and arco bass solos in a jazz context than previous bassists.Born in Chattanooga Tennessee Blanton originally learned to play the violin but took up the bass while at Tennessee State University performing with the Tennessee State Collegians from 1936 to 1937 and during the vacations with Fate Marable.
 Marie-Laure Ryan is a prominent literary scholar and critic. She has written several books and articles on narratology fiction and cyberculture and has been awarded several times for her work.In her latest book Avatars of Story she embraces a transmedial definition of narrative based on cognitive premises. She is currently a Scholar in Residence at the University of Colorado.
 Douglas Seale (28 October 1913 - 13 June 1999) was an English stage and film actor.He provided the voice of Krebbs in The Rescuers Down Under (1990). Two years later Seale voiced the Sultan in Aladdin. He also appeared in several films including Amadeus and Ernest Saves Christmas (1988) in which he played Santa Claus. He appeared in the 1986 Christmas film A Smoky Mountain Christmas as Vernon.He also played a character Malcolm in the 1995 game Phantasmagoria.
 Hans Holbein the Younger (c. 1497 – between 7 October and 29 November 1543) was a German artist and printmaker who worked in a Northern Renaissance style. He is best known as one of the greatest portraitists of the 16th century. He also produced religious art satire and Reformation propaganda and made a significant contribution to the history of book design.
 IVVVO is a Portuguese electronic musician and co-founder of the record label Terrain Ahead. His music has been released by a number of different labels including moun10 Opal Tapes Public Information and Fourth Wave.
 George Duncan Painter OBE (5 June 1914 – 8 December 2005) known as George D. Painter was an English author most famous as a biographer of Marcel Proust.Painter was born in Birmingham. His father was a schoolmaster and his mother was an artist. He studied classics at Trinity College Cambridge and later lectured in Latin at the University of Liverpool for one year.
 Elisa von der Recke (20 May 1754 – 13 April 1833) was a Baltic German writer and poet.
 Sarah Maria Barraud (c.1823 – 8 March 1895) was a New Zealand homemaker and letter-writer. She was born in Wraysbury Buckinghamshire England in about 1823.
 Jeremy Thomas Camp (born January 12 1978) is a contemporary Christian musician and songwriter from Lafayette Indiana. Camp has released eleven albums four of them RIAA-certified as Gold and two live albums. His original music is a mixture of ballads and up-tempo songs with rock influence.
 Maggie Koerth-Baker (born 1981) is an American science journalist. She is the science editor at Boing Boing and a monthly columnist for The New York Times Magazine.
 Branimir Djokić (Cyrillic: Бранимир Ђокић) (born 6 February 1950) is a popular folk accordionist. He has had his own ensemble band since the early 1970s. He also has known to have played for some major artists names. The likes of Šaban Šaulić Mitar Mirić Šerif Konjević Kemal Malovčić Zorica Brunclik and others.Djokić finished high music school Stanković in Belgrade.
 Neal Smith (born September 23 1947 in Akron Ohio) is an American musician best known as the drummer for the rock group Alice Cooper from 1967 to 1974. He performed on the group's early albums Pretties for You and Easy Action the breakout album Love It to Death and the subsequent successful albums Killer School's Out and Billion Dollar Babies. His last album with Alice Cooper was Muscle of Love.
 Iwan Bala (born Richard Iwan Ellis Roberts) is a Welsh speaking Welsh artist born May 1956 in Sarnau Merionethshire near Bala.
 William Walker is a notable muralist in Chicago. He was one of the founders of the Organization for Black American Culture (OBAC) and one of the leaders in the project involving the Wall of Respect. He was also one of the critical founders of the mural movements in Chicago during the 1960s.
 Graeme Shepherd better known by his stage name Grum is an electronic musician from Scotland.
 Faye Tso (1933-2004) was a Navajo potter and herbal medicine healer. Her pieces are known for their nontraditional imagery of corn maidens warriors and dancers whereas Navajo pottery typically has little decoration. Born in Coal Mine Mesa Arizona Tso was relocated with other Navajos to Tuba City Arizona in 1974 because of a land dispute between the Navajo and Hopi tribes.
 Giovanni Battista Galestruzzi (1618–1677) was an Italian painter and etcher of the Baroque period. Born in Florence he was a pupil of the painter Francesco Furini then moved to Rome where he joined the Accademia di San Luca in 1652. He was an accomplished etcher and produced works for Leonardo Agostini’s book 'Le gemme antiche figurate' (1657–9). The Roman baroque painter and engraver Giovanni Francesco Venturini was probably his pupil.
 Steven Malanga is a contributing editor to City Journal and a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute which publishes City Journal. His primary area of focus is economic development within dense urban centers with a particular emphasis on those areas in and surrounding New York and the Tri-State Area.
 Judy Pascoe is the Australian author of the book Our Father Who Art in The Tree. The book was made into a feature film in 2010 titled The Tree.
 Maurice Benayoun (aka MoBen) (born 29 March 1957 in Mascara Algeria) is a French pioneer new-media artist and theorist based in Paris and Hong Kong. His work employs various media including (and often combining) video immersive virtual reality the Web wireless technology performance large-scale urban art installations and interactive exhibitions.
 (Nancy) Jane LeCompte (born August 20 1948) is an American writer of romance novels as Jane Ashford and Jane LeCompte. She lives in Cambridge Massachusetts. She is a two-time nominee for a Career Achievement Award by Romantic Times BOOKreviews Magazine.
 Jonathan Raymond is an American writer living in Portland Oregon. He is best known for writing the novels The Half-Life and Rain Dragon and for writing the short stories and screenplays for the films Old Joy and Wendy and Lucy (both directed by Kelly Reichardt). He also wrote the screenplays for Meek's Cutoff and Night Moves and was nominated for a Primetime Emmy for his teleplay writing on the HBO miniseries Mildred Pierce.
 Johnny Laboriel (born Juan José Laboriel López July 9 1942 – September 18 2013) was a Mexican rock and roll singer. He is the son of actor and composer Juan José Laboriel and actress Francisca López de Laboriel. At 16 years old in 1958 he joined the rock and roll group Los Rebeldes del Rock where he began his professional career.Laboriel died on September 18 2013 from prostate cancer.
 Ben Lurie is a musician best known as a member of the Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain from 1989 to 1998.
 Kay Starr (born July 21 1922) is an American pop and jazz singer who enjoyed considerable success in the 1940s and 1950s. She is best remembered for introducing two songs that became #1 hits in the 1950s Wheel of Fortune and The Rock And Roll Waltz.Starr was successful in every field of music she tried: jazz pop and country. But her roots were in jazz; and Billie Holiday considered by many the greatest jazz singer of all time called Starr the only white woman who could sing the blues.
 Margaret Avison OC (April 23 1918 – July 31 2007) was a Canadian poet who twice won Canada's Governor General's Award and has also won its Griffin Poetry Prize. Her work has often been praised for the beauty of its language and images.
 Antonio Prati (Piacenza Italy March 19 1819- February 20 1909) was an Italian painter and scenographer.
 Hans van Hemert (born April 7 1945 Voorburg Netherlands) is a Dutch ASCAP award winning record producer and songwriter. Mouth & MacNeal and Luv' are among the pop acts he produced. He also composed three songs for the Eurovision Song Contest.
 Azita Youssefi 1971 St. Louis Missouri is an American experimental musician artist and music teacher based in Chicago. She was originally associated with the Chicago no wave scene which included bands such as the Flying Luttenbachers U.S. Maple and Bobby Conn.She as been a voice and piano teacher at Chicago's Old Town School of Folk Music since 2002 and has served as composer and musical director for theater productions of musicals by Brian Torrey Scott.
 Morris Harvey (1877–1944) was a British film actor.
 Munawar Ali Khan (Devanagari: मुनावर अली ख़ान) (1930–1989) was a Hindustani classical singer of the Patiala Gharana. He was the son of the maestro Bade Ghulam Ali Khan.
 Marcos Kostenbader Valle (born 14 September 1943 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian singer instrumentalist songwriter and record producer. He has produced works in many musical styles including bossa nova samba and fusions of rock soul jazz and dance music with Brazilian styles.
 Nazia Iqbal (Pashto: نازيه اقبال‎) is a Pashtun singer of Pashto language from Pakistan.
 Galeazzo Sabbatini (1597–1662) was an Italian composer and music theorist born in Pesaro Italy.Sabbatini studied with Vincenzo Pellegrini a canon who worked at the local cathedral as musician. He was elected to succeed Pellegrini in 1626 and in 1641. From 1630 to 1639 he was chapel master (maestro di cappella) to the Duke of Mirandola. Galeazzo's principal works on the theory of music were a treatise on continuo playing published in 1628 and a method of tuning.
 Victor Bridges (real name Victor George de Freyne 1878–1972) was a prolific British author of detective and fantasy fiction and also a playwright and occasional poet.
 Maude Kaufman Eggemeyer (December 9 1877-December 1 1959) was an early 20th Century painter associated with the Richmond Group of artists in Richmond Indiana.She was born in New Castle Indiana in 1877 the daughter of architect William S. Kaufman.
 Bertram Bert Stern (October 3 1929 – June 26 2013) was a self-taught American commercial photographer.
 Nahshid Sulaiman (born Ralond Scruggs) better known by his stage name One Be Lo is an alternative hip hop artist from Pontiac Michigan. He is well respected for being one half of the rap duo Binary Star and has released a number of well-received solo albums. He is also a member of the World Champion B-boy crew Massive Monkees.
 Valentin Grigoriyevich Rasputin (Russian: Валентин Григорьевич Распутин; born March 15 1937) is a Russian writer. He was born and lived much of his life in the Irkutsk Oblast in Eastern Siberia. Rasputin's works depict rootless urban characters and the fight for survival of centuries-old traditional rural ways of life. Rasputin addresses complex questions of ethics and spiritual revival.
 Heikki Veikko Harma (born April 20 1947 Helsinki Finland) is a Finnish singer-songwriter who has also distinguished himself as a translator of song lyrics but has written popular lyrics of his own too. To the public he's better known by the name Hector which he has used since the release of his 1965 debut single Palkkasoturi a Finnish translation of Buffy Sainte-Marie's Universal Soldier.
 Steve Kolander (born November 15 1961 in Lake Charles Louisiana) is an American country music artist. He debuted in 1994 with the release of his self-titled album on River North Records. It produced two singles on the Hot Country Songs charts. A second album for River North Pieces of a Puzzle was released in 1996 followed by the independently-released Light to Dark in 2007.Before he became a recording artist Kolander worked as an advertising executive.
 Richard Leaf (born 1 January 1967) is an English actor.He has had several small parts in television and stage productions. Leaf is married to actress Tamsin Greig star of Black Books Green Wing and Love Soup. The actor is notable for his role as the Governor of York nephew of King Edward I in Mel Gibson's Braveheart. He appeared as Hannibal Lecter's father in the 2007 Hannibal Rising film.
 Kris Lewis (born 1978) is an American Contemporary Realist Artist from Jackson Township New Jersey. His primary medium is oil paints. His work has been seen in the publications Juxtapoz and Modern Painters.He has been featured in Art Nouveau Magazine American Art Collector Symposium Magazine Books: Two Faced: The Changing Face of Portraiture Suggetivism and many other fine art references.
 Sascha Paeth (born 9 September 1970 in Wolfsburg West Germany) is a German guitarist bassist musical producer and mixer known for working with heavy metal bands such as Avantasia Edguy Angra Shaaman Rhapsody of Fire and Kamelot After Forever Epica et al. He owns a studio in a suburb of Wolfsburg called Gate Studios initially used for recordings with his former band Heavens Gate.Sascha Paeth has produced many albums along with Miro.
 Bruna Caram (born July 26 1987 in Avaré in the State of São Paulo Brazil) is a Brazilian singer songwriter and musician.
 Göran Tunström (14 May 1937 Borgvik Grums Municipality – February 5 2000 Stockholm) was a Swedish author. He grew up in Sunne Värmland County. Tunström's style is personal and intimate and has a clear autobiographical tone.
 Xu Bing (Chinese: 徐冰 b. 1955) is a Chinese-born artist resident in the United States since 1990. He currently resides in Beijing where he serves as the president of the Central Academy of Fine Arts. He is most known for his printmaking skills and installations pieces as well as his creative artistic use of language words and text and how they have affected our understanding of the world.
 Ted Preuss is an American photographer who lives in Chicago Illinois best known for his black-and-white photographs and alternative processes which include platinum printing and wet plate collodion tintypes. Preuss photographic work range from figure study to still life.
 Paul Smith (born 13 March 1979 Billingham Stockton-on-Tees England) is the singer for the British indie rock group Maxïmo Park.
 Walter Schreifels (born March 10 1969) is a rock musician and producer from New York City.In the late 1980s he played in many New York hardcore bands most notably Youth Of Today and Gorilla Biscuits (where he was also the songwriter and lyricist). After Gorilla Biscuits broke up he formed the short lived Moondog. In October 2006 the band's self-titled EP was officially released for the first time ever on Anthology Recordings. It was previously available only as a bootleg 7 record.
 Sohn (stylized SOHN) born Christopher Taylor is an English musician songwriter and producer based in Vienna. Following the release of 2012's 'The Wheel EP' through Aesop Label he was signed by 4AD. He released his debut album Tremors on April 7 2014.
 Holly Dunn (born August 22 1957 in San Antonio Texas) is an American country music artist who first found fame with her 1986 Top-10 hit Daddy's Hands from her self-titled début album. Dunn has charted more than a dozen country singles two of which (Are You Ever Gonna Love Me You Really Had Me Going) reaching the No. 1 spot.Dunn is the daughter of a minister father. Her brother is country music songwriter Chris Waters with whom she has co-written much of her recorded material.
 Balakrishna Hari Kolhatkar (Marathi: बाळकृष्ण हरी कोल्हटकर) (September 25 1926 – June 30 1994) also known as Bal Kolhatkar (Marathi: बाळ कोल्हटकर) was a Marathi playwright poet actor and director.
 John Axon (10 September 1960 – 25 October 2008) was an English television and stage actor. He was perhaps best known for his role as the hospital administrator Nigel Harper on the ITV1 television series The Royal.
 Gianluigi Gasparetti (26 March 1958 – 12 April 2013) known by the pseudonym Oöphoi was an Italian ambient musician. He is perhaps best known for his role as the editor of Deep Listenings an Italian magazine dedicated to ambient and deep atmospheric music where he has featured interviews with many famous ambient artists including Steve Roach and Michael Stearns. Oöphoi music can be characterized as being static organic and minimalistic.
 William David Gould (born April 24 1963 Los Angeles California) is an American musician and producer. He is noted for playing bass in the band Faith No More.
 Alice Boner (July 22 1889 – April 13 1981) was a Swiss painter and sculptor art historian and an Indologist. She completed her training as a painter and sculptor in Munich Brussels and Basel where she studied with Carl Burckhardt. In her drawings she used pencil charcoal sepia red chalk ink and sometimes pastel. Her early works focused on drawings sculptures portrait full body studies landscapes and nature observations.
 Kayoko Fujii (藤井 佳代子  Fujii Kayoko born April 21 1961) is a Japanese actress and voice actress who is affiliated with Seinenza Theater Company.
 Hisham Fageeh (Arabic: هشام فقيه; born October 26 1987) is an Arab American comedian and actor originally from Saudi Arabia.
 Timothy Nolan Gantz (December 23 1945 – January 20 2004) was a classical scholar the author of Early Greek Myth: A Guide to Literary and Artistic Sources 1993. Dr Gantz (A.B. Haverford College 1967 PhD Princeton University 1970) was a long-time Professor of Classics at the University of Georgia from 1970; he directed its Studies Abroad in Rome program from 1985. He died in Athens Georgia. He is survived by his wife Elena and his son Tavish.
 Konstantin Mikhailovich Staniukovich or Stanyukovich (Константин Михайлович Станюкович) (March 30 1843—May 20 1903) was a Russian writer remembered today mostly for his stories of the Russian Imperial Navy.
 Krystyna Dąbrowska (26 November 1906 – 1 September 1944) was a Polish sculptor and painter and a Warsaw Uprising insurgent.She studied at National Artistic School in Poznań (1925–1930) Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw (1933–1935) and Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Rome. She was a member of Polish Association of Artists - The Capitol. Most of her works was destroyed during the Second World War. She died in the Warsaw Uprising.
 Aubrey Fitzgerald (1874-1968) was a British actor.
 Richard Naiff is a pianist and flautist from London England who has performed with the bands Soulsec The Catacoustics The Waterboys and The Icicle Works. Naiff is a classically trained musician having joined the Guildhall School of Music at age ten.
 Myrna Hague known as Jamaica's First Lady of Jazz is a Jamaican lovers rock and jazz singer and actress who recorded for Coxsone Dodd's Studio One.
 Pedro Damián (born Pedro Muñoz Romero; November 29 1952) is a Mexican actor television producer and director who was executive producer for two popular teen telenovelas Clase 406 and Rebelde distributed within and outside Mexico.
 Fernanda Abreu (born September 8 1961) is a Brazilian singer.
 David Tischman is an American comic book writer who has been active since 2000 writing for such series as American Century Cable Bite Club and Star Trek.
 Shakira Caine (born Shakira Baksh on 23 February 1947 also known as Shakira and Lady Micklewhite) is a Guyanese-British former fashion model.
 Anthony Kiedis (/ˈkiːdɪs/; born November 1 1962) is an American singer-songwriter best known as the vocalist/lyricist of the band Red Hot Chili Peppers with whom he has fronted since their inception in 1983. The band has recorded ten studio albums and as a member Kiedis was an inductee into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012. Kiedis is also an occasional actor having appeared in F.I.S.T Point Break and The Chase. In 2004 he published his autobiography titled Scar Tissue.
 Ken (Kenny) Woodman was a British composer and trumpeter. He was famous for the song Town Talk which was used as the theme song for Paul Kaye's shows on the pirate radio station Radio London and later as the theme song for Jimmy Young on BBC Radio 2. He posthumously became famous for the song Mexican Flyer which was originally released on the Ken Woodman and his Picadilly Brass album That's Nice in 1966.
 Jason K. Stearns is an American writer who worked for ten years in the Congo including three years during the Second Congo War. He first traveled to the Congo in 2001 to work for a local human rights organization Héritiers de la Justice in Bukavu. He went on to work for the United Nations peacekeeping mission (MONUC).
 Stojanka Novaković (Serbian Cyrillic: Стојанка Новаковић; born 4 June 1972) known by her stage name Stoja (Стоја) is a Serbian pop-folk singer.She released her first album Kako je meni sada through Lazarević Productions in 1998. Later she chose to release her albums through the record label Grand Production owned by Saša Popović and Lepa Brena and within a short time Stoja became one of the most popular and respected singers in the Balkans.
 Emperor Magus Caligula (Magnus Masse Broberg born 23 May 1973 in Ludvika Sweden) is an extreme metal musician best known as the former vocalist bassist and lyricist of Swedish black metal band Dark Funeral performing for the band between 1995 and 2010. He has also been the vocalist of death metal bands Demonoid replacing Christofer Johnsson and Sanctification.
 Ryan Paul Delahoussaye (born January 14 1976 in Houston TX USA) is a multi-instrumentalist musician and co-founding member of the American rock band Blue October. Delahoussaye is a classically trained violinist. He attended the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts where he met and became close friends with Justin Furstenfeld and was a big fan of Furstenfeld's band The Last Wish.
 William Slater Brown (November 13 1896 – June 22 1997) was an American novelist biographer and translator of French literature. Most notably he was a friend of the poet E. E.
 Marion Woodman (born August 15 1928) is a Canadian mythopoetic author and women's movement figure. She is a Jungian analyst trained at the C. G. Jung Institute in Zürich Switzerland. She is one of the most widely read authors on feminine psychology focusing on psyche and soma. She is also an international lecturer and poet. Her collection of audio and visual lectures correspondence and manuscripts are housed at OPUS Archives and Research Center in Santa Barbara California.
 Raymond Charles Moley (September 27 1886 in Berea Ohio – February 18 1975 in Phoenix Arizona) was a leading New Dealer who became its bitter opponent before the end of the Great Depression. The son of Felix James and Agnes Fairchild Moley he was educated at Baldwin-Wallace College and Oberlin College and received his PhD from Columbia University in 1918. He taught in several schools in Ohio until 1914.
 Eleanor Cory (born 1943) is an American composer.Cory studied at Sarah Lawrence College Harvard University New England Conservatory and Columbia University. She has taught at Yale University Baruch College Manhattan School of Music Sarah Lawrence College Brooklyn College and The New School for Social Research and currently teaches at Mannes College of Music Prep Division and Kingsborough Community College CUNY.
 Pamela Jintana Racine (born December 1977) is an American drummer and dancer formerly in the band Gogol Bordello. Her father is American from the state of Vermont United States while her mother originates from Khorat Thailand.
 Addis Mussa (born September 14 1976 in Munich) better known by his stage names Addis & Raptile is a German-Ethiopian artist producer and songwriter. He has performed alongside with many American acts such as Xzibit Strong Arm Steady and Trey Songz.
 Lorna Crozier (born 24 May 1948 in Swift Current Saskatchewan) is a Canadian poet and holds the Head Chair in the Writing Department at the University of Victoria.Crozier attended the University of Saskatchewan where she received her B.A. in 1969 and the University of Alberta where she received her M.A. in 1980. Before publishing her poems and stories Crozier was a high school English teacher and guidance counsellor. During these years her first poem was published in Grain magazine.
 Olof Georg Rydeberg (21 July 1907 – 22 February 1983) was a Swedish film actor. He appeared in 75 films between 1932 and 1981.
 Kenneth Kove (1892–1984) was a British actor. He was a regular member of the Aldwych farce team between 1923 and 1930 appearing in It Pays to Advertise (1923) Thark (1927) A Cup of Kindness (1929) and A Night Like This (1930). He also appeared in several films.
 James Northcote RA (Plymouth 22 October 1746 – 13 July 1831) was an English painter.
 Linda Sikhakhane is a young South African born Saxophonist and Composer he was born in Umlazi township Durban. his love for music especially Jazz was triggered at an early age and this saw him attending music classes under the tutelage of the Legendary Dr Brian Thusi and Mr Khulekani Bhengu. at a later stage he then enrolled to study Music at the UKZN Howard College. Sikhakhane has played with many respected South African Artists and also shared the stage with many international artists.
 James Fox (born James Richard Mullett 6 April 1976 Cardiff Wales) is a Welsh pop singer songwriter pianist and guitarist. He represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 in Istanbul. In 2008 he wrote and recorded the Cardiff City F.C. FA Cup Final song Bluebirds Flying High.
 Derek Landy (born October 23 1974) is an Irish author and screenwriter best known for the Skulduggery Pleasant series of children's books.
 Giuseppe Marri (1788-1852) was an Italian engraver.
 Barthold Fles (February 7 1902 – December 19 1989) was a Dutch-American literary agent author translator editor and publisher. Among his many clients were Raymond Loewy Heinrich Mann Joseph Roth Felix Salten Ignazio Silone Bruno Walter and Arnold Zweig.
 Aaron Fincke (born April 22 1978; known professionally as Aaron Fink) is an American musician best known as the former lead guitarist for the post-grunge/alternative metal band Breaking Benjamin and now the current guitarist of the band Gentleman East.
 Laurence Edward Alan Laurie Lee MBE (26 June 1914 – 13 May 1997) was an English poet novelist and screenwriter who was brought up in the village of Slad and went to the Central Boys' School Stroud Gloucestershire. His most famous work was an autobiographical trilogy which consisted of Cider with Rosie (1959) As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning (1969) and A Moment of War (1991). The first volume recounts his childhood in the Slad Valley.
 Charles (Charlie) McAuley (1910 – 1999) was an Irish painter. He was born in Gruig Glenann Ireland one of the nine Glens of Antrim now in Northern Ireland on March 15 1910. Despite being from a small rural village Charles pursued painting from an early age in an area when farming was one of the main sources of life and income. He went on to become a landscape and figurative painter. Early in his life he was spotted by James H.
 Hugh Thomson (1 June 1860 – 7 May 1920) was an Irish Illustrator born at Coleraine near Londonderry. He is best known for his pen-and-ink illustrations of works by authors such as Jane Austen Charles Dickens and J. M. Barrie.
 Joel McIver (born 1971) is a British author. The best-known of his 25 books to date is the bestselling Justice For All: The Truth About Metallica first published in 2004 and appearing in nine languages since then. McIver's other works include biographies of Black Sabbath Slayer Ice Cube and Queens Of The Stone Age.
 Sonia Noemi Sonia Noemí González July 14 1941 born in Bayamón Puerto Rico is an actress and singer who is one of the pioneers of Puerto Rican television.
 Pierre Palau (13 August 1883 – 3 December 1966) often known simply as Palau was a French actor.Palau was born Pierre Palau del Vitri in Pairs and died at age 83 in Meudon Hauts-de-Seine France.
 Richard A. Ricky Allen (January 6 1935 – May 29 2005) was an American blues singer from Chicago.He was born in Nashville Tennessee and began his singing career as member of a church choir in his home town. He relocated to Chicago in 1960 and received a recording contract one year later at Age Records. He had a local hit with You Better Be Sure and in 1963 his hit Cut You A-Loose reached Number 20 in Billboard's R&B chart.
 Lucie Bílá (born April 7 1966 as Hana Zaňáková) is a Czech pop singer. With a powerful distinctively intense voice and impressive range she is one of the most famous and celebrated female artists in Czech Republic history.[citation needed] According to her label EMI Czech Republic the singer sold over one million albums by now.
 Jacqueline Woodson (born February 12 1963) is an American writer of books for children and adolescents. She is best known for Miracle's Boys which won the Coretta Scott King Award in 2001 and her Newbery Honor titles After Tupac & D Foster Feathers and Show Way. Her work is filled with strong African-American themes generally aimed at a young adult audience.
 Ronald Cecil Hamlyn McKie (11 December 1909 – 2 May 1991) was an Australian novelist. He was born in 1909 in Toowoomba Queensland. After receiving his education at the Brisbane Grammar School and the University of Queensland he worked as a journalist on newspapers in Melbourne Sydney Singapore and China. He served in the AIF during World War II from 1942–1943 following which he served as war correspondent for several Australian and UK newspapers.
 Johann Christian Ludwig (Louis) Abeille (20 February 1761 Bayreuth – 2 March 1838 Stuttgart) was a German pianist and composer.His father was baronial valet in Bayreuth. He was educated at the Karlsschule in Stuttgart where his teachers were Antonio Boroni Ferdinando Mazzanti and Johann Gottlieb Sämann. In 1782 he became member of the musicians of the Court; in 1802 he became concertmaster and later organist of the Court.
 Edward Brian Tubby Hayes (30 January 1935 – 8 June 1973) was an English jazz multi-instrumentalist best known for his tenor saxophone playing in groups with fellow sax player Ronnie Scott and with trumpeter Jimmy Deuchar.
 Bruce Wetter is an American writer.His novel The Boy with the Lampshade on His Head deals with issues he experienced while working with foster children and their new parents.He lives in the Pacific Northwest.
 Ronald Belford Bon Scott (9 July 1946 – 19 February 1980) was a Scottish-born Australian rock musician best known for being the lead singer and lyricist of Australian hard rock band AC/DC from 1974 until his death in 1980. He was born in Forfar and lived in Kirriemuir Scotland for 5 years before moving to Melbourne Australia with his family in 1952 at the age of six.
 Ramendra Sundar Tribedi (1864–1919) was a renowned Bengali author.
 Erasmus Finx (November 16 1627 – December 20 1694) aka Erasmus Francisci was a German Polymath author and writer of Christian hymns.
 Poul William Anderson (November 25 1926 – July 31 2001) was an American science fiction author who began his career during one of the Golden Ages of the genre and continued to write and remain popular into the 21st century. Anderson also authored several works of fantasy historical novels and a prodigious number of short stories. He received numerous awards for his writing including seven Hugo Awards and three Nebula Awards.
 Kevin Georgiou (born 22 May 1985) better known by his stage name K. Koke is an English rapper of Greek Cypriot descent from Stonebridge North West London.
 Masayoshi Yamashita (山下 昌良 Yamashita Masayoshi) (born November 29 1961 in Osaka Japan) is the original and current bass guitarist of the Japanese heavy metal band Loudness.He first started playing bass in a band called Black Rose. A short time later his childhood neighbor and close friend Akira Takasaki invited him to join Loudness in 1981.In 1991 Yamashita left Loudness; it was rumored that he did not get along with lead singer Mike Vescera who replaced Niihara in 1989.
 Elza Soares (born June 23 1937) is a Brazilian samba singer. She was married to Brazilian football player Garrincha.Born and raised in a favela in Rio de Janeiro Soares took part in a singing contest presented by the renowned Brazilian musician Ary Barroso and received the highest marks. In the late 1950s Soares spent one year touring Argentina with Mercedes Batista.
 Savannah Outen (born October 14 1992 in Hillsboro Oregon) is an American singer who gained popularity on YouTube. Outen began posting videos of herself singing on YouTube in March 2007 along with Angelika Vee and Esmee Denters. In 2010 she collaborated with Boyce Avenue on their sixth acoustic album New Acoustic Sessions. She appeared in the 85th Annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade on November 24 2011.
 Alireza Eftekhari is an Iranian vocalist of Iranian classical and popular music.
 Tommaso de Aleni (early 16th century) (also called Il Fadino) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period active in his native Cremona. He was a pupil of Galeazzo Campi. He was also influenced by the works of Perugino. He painted for the church of San Domenico at Cremona where he was employed with Campi. A Nativity (1515) formerly in the church of San Domenico was moved to the town-hall of Cremona.
 Se 'l mio Canto havrà propizia sorteIo saprò soggiogar Marte ed AstreaVincer il Tempo e incatenar la Morte.Maria Antonia Scalera Stellini was a 17th-century Italian poet and playwright.
 Charlotte Vale-Allen (born January 19 1941 in Toronto) is a writer of contemporary fiction. She lived in the United Kingdom from 1961 to 1964 working as a singer and actress. She emigrated to the United States in 1966 following a brief return to Canada. After marrying Walter Bateman Allen Jr. in 1970 she moved to Connecticut where she has lived since.
 Henry G. Brinton (born February 21 1960) is a contributor to The Washington Post and USA Today author of the books Balancing Acts: Obligation Liberation and Contemporary Christian Conflicts (CSS Publishing 2006) and The Welcoming Congregation: Roots and Fruits of Christian Hospitality (Westminster John Knox Press 2012) and the senior pastor of Fairfax Presbyterian Church. He was the senior writer for the preaching journal Homiletics until 2005.
 Kęstutis Kasparavičius (born June 2 1954 in Aukštadvaris) is a Lithuanian author and book illustrator of over 50 children's books. Since 1984 his books were translated into 22 different languages including Chinese Spanish German Portuguese French Italian Russian Polish Ukrainian Korean. Kasparavičius is known for his short feel-good stories about various comic characters. Bears pigs rabbits and turtles find themselves trapped in puzzling and thought-provoking situations.
 Qiu Wang Zi (born 邱勝翊 ;pinyin: Qiū Shèng Yì) also known as Prince or Wang Zi is a member of a trio boyband JPM with Liao Xiao Jie/Liljay and his little brother Qiu Mao Di.He was a former member of Lollipop a Taiwanese Mandopop boyband which consists of six members Zhuang Ao Quan/Owodog Liao Xiao Jie/Liljay Yang Xiao Yu/Fabien Liao Wei Lian/William Liu A-wei and himself.
 Gerald R. Hawting (born 1944) is a British Orientalist scholar of Islam. He is currently Emeritus Professor in the History of the Near and Middle East at the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS) where he completed his education under Bernard Lewis and John Wansbrough receiving his PhD in 1978.
 Junko Mizuno (水野純子 Mizuno Junko) is a Japanese manga artist. Her drawing style has been termed a Gothic kawaii or kawaii noir style.
 Jonathan Anastas is a Los Angeles-based marketing & advertising executive and a musician who cofounded a number of Boston hardcore punk bands in the 1980s.
 Wojciech Korneli Stattler (April 20 1800 – November 6 1875) was a Polish Romantic painter of Swiss aristocratic ancestry and a long-standing professor of the School of Fine Arts in Kraków. His most famous pupil was Poland's nominal painter Jan Matejko.
 Blaaze /ˈblɑːseɪ/ (born Lakshmi Narasimha Vijaya Rajagopala Sheshadri Sharma Rajesh Raman on October 15 1975 in Chennai India) is a rap artist and a popular playback singer in Indian films. An Indian by birth born in Chennai he grew up in Zambia and later did his education in England and in the US. Currently signed to EMI / Virgin Music.
 Tom Marcello has been a jazz photojournalist since the 1970s. His photos have appeared as album covers in liner notes in press kits and in newspapers. Among his subjects are Woody Shaw Zoot Sims Dexter Gordon Sonny Stitt Marvin Peterson Charles Mingus The Heath Brothers and Kenny Washington.
 Roberta Naas (March 19 1958) is an American journalist and author. During her career she has specialized in the world of timepieces.
 John Hughes (1677–1720) was an English poet also noted for his editing of and commentary on the works of Edmund Spenser. Writing at the very end of 17th Century and at the beginning of the 18th he also translated French drama and poetry including Molière. Hughes was a favorite of the nobility and aristocracy which probably accounted for his popularity.
 Elmo Moses Arroyo Magalona better known as simply Elmo Magalona (born April 27 1994 in Manila Philippines) is a Filipino actor and singer. He is the sixth (of eight) child of Francis Magalona.
 Andreas Andy Egert (born 24 July 1961) is a Swiss blues guitarist harmonica player and singer.Egert who started his career around 30 years ago as a street musician is mainly a live performing artist who does around 100 live performances a year.
 Tom Santopietro is a best-selling author and Broadway theater manager. He worked for 25 years in the New York theater scene managing over 30 Broadway shows. His books deal with major American cultural figures including Frank Sinatra Barbra Streisand and Doris Day. His latest book The Godfather Effect analyzed the effect of the Godfather films on American culture and on the author himself.
 Ralph Schoenstein (1933 - August 24 2006) was an American writer and humorist. He was a frequent commentator to NPR's All Things Considered.Schoenstein grew up in Manhattan and graduated from Columbia University. He began writing after a brief stint in the army and became the author of over 18 novels and non-fiction works. His 1960 memoir The Block tells of his growing up on New York's Upper West Side.
 Tebogo Jacko Magubane (born 21 February 1982) also known by his stage name Magubane da Franchiz (stylized as FranchiZ) is a South African house DJ and radio producer currently working for Munghana Lonene FM.
 Kim Sozzi is an American dance-pop singer originally from Long Island New York.
 Paul Personne (born 27 December 1949 Argenteuil France) is a French blues singer and guitarist.
 Christopher Bryce Murphy (born 25 March 1976 in Perth Australia) is an Australian male singer-songwriter who rose to fame when he placed fourth in Australian Idol 2006.Starting piano lessons at age 11 he added guitar to his list of skills and began playing in his band 'Murphy's Lore' at the age of 16. Over the years Chris has worked part-time jobs and has given guitar lessons to supplement his income.
 Clara Ingram Judson (1879–1960) was an American author who wrote over 70 children's books primarily nonfiction including several biographies of American presidents. In 1960 she won the second Laura Ingalls Wilder Medal from the professional children's librarians although she died before she could receive it. The award recognizes a living author or illustrator whose books published in the United States have made a substantial and lasting contribution to literature for children.
 Ronald Edward Ron Holloway (born August 24 1953 Washington D.C. United States) is an American tenor saxophonist.
 Pablo F. Fenjves (born 16 August 1953) is a screenwriter and ghostwriter based in Los Angeles California. His screenwriting credits include Man on a Ledge released in January 2012 and a string of television movies including HBO’s The Affair.Born in Caracas Venezuela to Hungarian survivors of the Holocaust Fenjves went to college in Illinois. His first journalism job was in Canada.
 Denis Hale Johnson (born July 1 1949) is an American writer best known for his short story collection Jesus' Son (1992) and his novel Tree of Smoke (2007) which won the National Book Award for Fiction. He also writes plays poetry and non-fiction.
 Rob Roth is a multidisciplinary artist and director based in New York City. He works in a variety of media including theater video sculpture and performance. Roth received his BFA from Pratt Institute and has exhibited different work at a variety of venues including the New Museum for Contemporary Art Performance Space122 Abrons Art Center Galapagos Art Space Museum of Arts and Design and Deitch Projects as well as the Whitney Museum of American Art.
 Amory Kane (born Jack Daniel Kane March 28 1946) is a British-based American musician most renowned for his work in late 1960s swinging London perhaps for his single Reflections of Your Face which was covered by artists such as P.J. Proby. He is also notable in that members of Led Zeppelin played in his band. Kane worked as a session musician in London playing on recordings credited to bands such as The Magic Lanterns.
 Melora Creager (born March 25 1966) is an American cellist singer-songwriter performing artist and founder of the cello rock group Rasputina.In 1991 Creager founded alternative cello ensemble Rasputina by writing a manifesto and placing a want-ad in the Village Voice stating electric cellists wanted. Cellist/composer Julia Kent was the first respondent.
 Maurice Baquet (1911–2005) was a French actor and cellist.
 'Lucy Victoria Collett' (born 3 March 1989) also known as Lucy V and Lucy Vixen is a glamour model. She won The Sun newspaper's Page 3 Idol 2012 modeling contest and she appears as a Page 3 girl in that newspaper. She also features regularly in British men's magazines. In May 2013 FHM magazine named her one of its 100 Sexiest Women in the World.
 For the hockey player see Charles Landry (ice hockey).Charles Landry is best known for having written the book The Creative City: A Toolkit for Urban Innovators. The creative city has now become a global movement to rethink the planning development and management of cities.
 Thomas Yeates (born January 19 1955) is an American comic book and comic strip artist best known for illustrating the comic strips Prince Valiant and Zorro plus work on characters created by Edgar Rice Burroughs.In 1982 Yeates and writer Martin Pasko revived Swamp Thing in a new series titled Saga of the Swamp Thing.On April 1 2012 Yeates began drawing the Prince Valiant comic strip replacing Gary Gianni.
 Pavan Choudary (born 29 August 1965) is an Indian writer and TV presenter. He has written several books including How a Good Person can Really Win Machiavelli for Moral People Broom and Groom (co-author Kiran Bedi) and The Rx Factor.Choudary also hosts the TV show Hum Aisey Kyun Hain on Doordarshan and has written columns for The Times of India (Gurgaon) and the Financial Chronicle.
 Bibhu Mohapatra (born 7 June 1972 in Rourkela Orissa India) is an Indian-American fashion designer and costume designer.Mohapatra earned a Masters in economics from the Jon M. Huntsman School of Business at Utah State University in 1996 then moved to New York City to enroll in the Fashion Institute of Technology.
 Victor Krizhanivsky(Ukrainian: Крижанівський Віктор Володимирович) (born May 12 1950 in Volin region) . In 1982 he graduated from Kiev State Institute of Arts. Now he is a lecturer of the Department of Drawing art of National Academy of Arts and Architecture member of the National Art's Union Doctor of Philosophy in Fine Arts (Kingston University USA) participant to sity state and international exhibitions. He has organized twenty personal exhibitions for 30 years of his creative work.
 Arun Paudwal (died 1 November 1991) was a famous music composer in Bollywood in India. He was married to Anuradha Paudwal a well known singer from Bollywood. He worked with music director S. D. Burman for some time.
 Lewys Môn (fl. 1485 - 1527) was a Welsh-language poet one of the Beirdd yr Uchelwyr (Poets of the Nobility) from the cwmwd (commote) of Llifon on Ynys Môn north Wales. About 110 of his poems survive mostly traditional praise poems and elegies for members of the Welsh gentry especially of north Wales.
 John Avon (born 1961) is a fantasy and science fiction illustrator. His work has been used for book covers CD covers games toys and advertising campaigns. He is best known for his artworks for the collectible card game Magic: The Gathering of which he has produced over 200 paintings.
 Faakhir Mehmood (Urdu: فاخر محمود‎) is a Pakistani singer and music composer. He started out his career in a Pakistani musical group called Awaz. However to conflicts of interest the band split and they all went to become solo artists. The band Awaz also consisted of well known musician Haroon.Faakhir has produced three albums as prior to 2006. His 2000 debut album Aatish was a big hit.
 Fabrice Simon (January 29 1951 in Port-au-Prince Haiti – July 29 1998 in New York City) was an award-winning artist and fashion designer best known for his handmade beaded dresses.He emigrated to America in 1964 and subsequently attended the Fashion Institute of Technology. He won a special Coty Award in 1981.His clientele included many celebrities among them Cornelia Guest.He died from AIDS
 Félix Fénéon (22 June 1861 Turin Italy – 29 February 1944 Châtenay-Malabry) was a Parisian anarchist and art critic during the late 19th century. He coined the term Neo-impressionism in 1886 to identify a group of artists led by Georges Seurat and ardently promoted them.The Fénéon Prize was established in 1949 by his wife based on proceeds from the sale of his art collection.
 Steve Davison better known as PSD PSD Tha Drivah or Stevie Dee is a rapper and producer from Vallejo California USA who is closely associated with the late Mac Dre and his record label Thizz Entertainment.
 Tomoya Ohtani (大谷 智哉 Ōtani Tomoya born July 1 1974 in Tokyo Japan) is a video game composer and musician from Wave Master known primary for his contributions in many Sonic the Hedgehog games.
 Frederick Martin Freddie Roulette (born May 3 1939) is an American electric blues lap steel guitarist and singer. He is best known as an exponent of the lap steel guitar. Roulette is also a member of the Daphne Blue band and has collaborated with Earl Hooker Charlie Musselwhite Henry Kaiser and Harvey Mandel and released several solo albums.One commentator described Roulette as an excellent musician.
 Katie Crippen (November 17 1895 – November 25 1929) also billed as Little Katie Crippen or Ella White was an African American entertainer and singer.She was born in Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States. She performed at Edmond's Cellar in New York City ca. 1920. In 1921 she recorded four sides for Black Swan Records in the classic female blues style accompanied by Fletcher Henderson's Orchestra.
 Craig Wuest is an American keyboardist currently based in Atlanta Georgia. He is best known as the founder and leader of the electronic music group Earthstar during the 1970s and 1980s. Earthstar was only American band who participated in Germany's Kosmische Musik/electronic music scene while still at its height.
 Arthur Bradford Brad Gowans (December 3 1903 Billerica Massachusetts – September 8 1954 Los Angeles) was an American jazz trombonist and reedist.Gowans' earliest work was on the Dixieland jazz scene playing with the Rhapsody Makers Band Tommy DeRosa's New Orleans Jazz Band and Perley Breed. In 1926 he played cornet with Joe Venuti and worked later in the 1920s with Red Nichols Jimmy Durante Mal Hallett (1927–29) and Bert Lown.
 Jesse Smith was one of the three original members of Canadian pop Punk band Cauterize. He sang and played guitar with them for all 12 years that the band was together (between 1995–2007) and produced Kessel Run's debut album. He currently co-owns a recording studio in Oshawa called The Boom Cave with Cauterize bandmate Jason Bone where former Cauterize bandmates Chuck Coles and Matt Worobec recorded the debut EP of their new band The Organ Thieves.
 Valanto Trifonos (Greek: Βαλάντω Τρύφωνος; born March 6 1988) also commonly spelled as Valando Tryfonos is a Greek–Cypriot singer who rose to fame after winning the first season of talent show Greek Idol in 2010. She subsequently released the digital single Sti Dipla Thesi (In the next seat).
 Felipe Dulzaides (born in Havana Cuba) is an artist that through an experimental combination of video performance sculpture sound photography drawing public art and installation explores a wide range of themes such as chance absurdity humor crossovers and displaced perspective.
 Oonah McFee née Browne (September 11 1916 – December 19 2006) was a Canadian novelist and short story writer who won the Books in Canada First Novel Award for her 1977 novel Sandbars.Born in Newcastle New Brunswick and raised in the Ottawa Valley area she worked for CBC Radio's Ottawa station CBO in the 1930s and married her colleague Allan McFee in 1941.
 Christian Wolff (Naundorf 1705 – Dahlen 1773) was a German baroque composer. He studied in Dresden and Leipzig and then was first kapellmeister then rector and organist in Dahlen.
 Marvin David Levy (born August 2 1932 New Jersey) is an American composer. He is perhaps best known for his opera Mourning Becomes Electra which was given its world premiere at the Metropolitan Opera in 1967. Although deemed a failure at the time the work was revived in 1998 in a revised version by the composer to a triumphant success at the Lyric Opera of Chicago. The New York City Opera and the Seattle Opera staged the work in 2003 and the Florida Grand Opera staged the opera in 2013.
 Robert H.P. Platz (born 16 August 1951) is a German classical composer.Born in Baden-Baden Platz studied music theory composition (with Wolfgang Fortner) musicology (with Elmar Budde) and piano in Freiburg Germany between 1970 and 1973. He studied later with Karlheinz Stockhausen at the Staatliche Hochschule für Musik in Cologne. In 1977 he took examinations in conducting (with Francis Travis) in Freiburg (Toop 2001) and did a series of computer courses at IRCAM in 1980.
 Warren Kozak (born 1951) is an American journalist and author. His writing appears frequently on the OpEd pages of the Wall Street Journal the New York Sun and other newspapers and magazines. He was an on-air reporter at National Public Radio and wrote for television network anchors including Ted Koppel Charles Gibson Diane Sawyer and Aaron Brown.[citation needed]
 Neil Mitchell (born 8 June 1965) is a Scottish musician best known as the keyboard player for Wet Wet Wet.Mitchell was born in Helensburgh Dunbartonshire.In June 2010 Mitchell was ordered to take part in a domestic violence programme after he admitted assaulting his girlfriend Olivia Warren in July 2009.
 Loene Carmen (born in 1970 Adelaide Australia) is an Australian singer songwriter and actress.
 Fabienne Delsol is a French singer who performs primarily in English. Influenced by the 1960s her music is a mix of UK garage Pop and Psychedelic.
 Stelios Grant Pavlou (born 22 November 1970) is a British author and screenwriter.
 Yuka Hirata (平田 裕香 Hirata Yuka September 15 1983–) is a Japanese actress tarento and gravure idol from Hokkaidō. She portrayed Mere (メレ Mere) in the Super Sentai Series Juken Sentai Gekiranger. She has also appeared in Food Fight an episode of Carlos and several idol videos.In 2010 she appeared in the live-action film Wonderful World with voice actors Mamoru Miyano Tomokazu Sugita Tomokazu Seki Showtaro Morikubo and Daisuke Namikawa.
 Terry Marks is a Stuckist artist in New York City. She was one of the US artists in the show The Stuckists Punk Victorian at the Walker Art Gallery during the 2004 Liverpool Biennial. She is also a tattooist and actor for film and television. Terry is a member of the Screen Actors Guild and the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists.
 H. Bonciu or Horia Bonciu (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈhori.a ˈbont͡ʃju]; reportedly born Bercu Beniamin or Hieronim Haimovici also known as Bonciu Haimovici Haimovici Bonciu; May 19 1893 – April 27 1950) was a Romanian novelist poet journalist and translator noted especially as an atypical figure on his country's avant-garde scene.
 César Baldaccini (1 January 1921 in Marseille - 6 December 1998 in Paris) usually called César was a noted French sculptor.César was at the forefront of the Nouveau Réalisme movement with his radical compressions (compacted automobiles discarded metal or rubbish) expansions (polyurethane foam sculptures) and fantastic representations of animals and insects.
 Dietisalvi di Speme was an Italian painter who worked in Siena between 1250 and 1291.His work influenced Cimabue.Some of his work is preserved in the State Archives in Siena.His Madonna and Child with Angels is in the Pinacoteca di Siena. He collaborated with Guido da Siena.
 Pongsit Kamphee (Pu) (Thai: พงษ์สิทธิ์ คำภีร์) is a Thai rock singer and producer popular in the Phleng pheua chiwit genre. Inspired by (Lek) Preecha Chanapai of Carabao and (Nga) Surachai Jantimathawn of Caravan.
 For other people with the same or similar name see William Dietrich (disambiguation).William Dietrich (1951) is an American novelist non-fiction writer journalist and college professor. His historical novels and thrillers have made bestseller lists and his Ethan Gage series set during the Napoleonic wars have sold in 28 languages. He has also written novels set in the Roman Empire Antarctica and Australia.
 Kai Hahto (born in 1973 in Vaasa Finland) is a Finnish musician and drummer.
 Michael Dana Gioia (born December 24 1950) is an American poet and writer who also served as the Chairman of the National Endowment for the Arts. Born in Hawthorne California to working class parents of Italian and Mexican descent Gioia attended Harvard and Stanford Universities. For fifteen years he worked for General Foods Corporation while writing at night and on the weekends. His 1991 Atlantic essay Can Poetry Matter? generated international attention.
 Spouses Maryna Yuryevna Dyachenko and Serhiy Serhievich Dyachenko (rus. Марина и Сергей Дяченко ukr. Марина та Сергій Дяченки) are Russophone Ukrainian co-authors of fantasy literature. They write in Russian but also often publish their books in Ukrainian. The Dyachenkos hail from Kiev and currently reside in Moscow Russia.
 Dagfinn Flem (28 July 1906 – 28 May 1976) was a Norwegian politician newspaper editor non-fiction writer and translator. He was born in Borgund and was a brother of Magne Flem. He edited the newspaper Sunnmørsposten from 1946 along with his brother. He was mayor of Ålesund for the Liberal Party from 1958 to 1965.
 Brian Slagel (born February 14 1961) is the founder and CEO of Metal Blade Records. Slagel is known for giving Metallica their first break in 1982 with an appearance on Metal Massacre a compilation album on Metal Blade and has since released seminal albums by Slayer Mercyful Fate Cannibal Corpse Fates Warning Amon Amarth and The Black Dahlia Murder among others.
 Kjetil Traavik Møster (born 17 June 1976 in Bergen Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (tenor and soprano saxophones clarinet and bass clarinet) and composer known from bands like The Core Ultralyd Brat Zanussi 5 and performance with Chick Corea at Moldejazz 2000 later released on CD.
 Dennis Tobenski (born April 18 1982 in Kankakee Illinois) is an American composer of contemporary classical music and art song.
 Fiona Tan (born 1966 in Pekanbaru Indonesia) is an artist in photography as well as film and video installations. She grew up in Australia and currently lives in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. She studied at Gerrit Rietveld Academie and the Rijksakademie van Beeldende Kunst and teaches at the postgraduate academy De Ateliers.
 Alexis Djoshkounian better known by his stage name Alexis HK (born in Yvelines France on 2 April 1974) is a French singer-songwriter.
 Juhani Henrik Lagerspetz (born in Turku 1959) is a Finnish pianist trained at the Turku Conservatory and the Sibelius Academy where he serves as a lecturer. He was prized by the Alfred Kordelin Foundation in 1994.Lagerspetz may be best known for his recordings for Ondine including Mikko Heiniö and Jukka Tiensuu's respectively Hermes and Mind Piano Concertos.
 Phạm Trịnh Phương Thảo also known by the stage name Thanh Thảo (8 March 1977) is a female Vietnamese singer and actress. Her best known song is Búp bê đẹp xinh (The Beautiful Doll) 2002.
 Scott Bradley Owen (born 14 February 1975) plays the double bass in the Australian punk rock/psychobilly band The Living End.
 Steve Smyth (November 28 1970) is the guitarist for the metal band One Machine.
 David Wills is one of the founding members of Negativland. He was a cable repairman when he joined the group with a then-teenage Mark Hosler and Richard Lyons until he retired in the '90s. David is also known as The Weatherman. Due to his being a recluse it has been difficult for fans of Negativland and even the band themselves to contact him and in the past he has shown up at Negativland concerts or Negativlandland on a TV screen.
 Jessica Leigh Harp (born on February 3 1982) is an American songwriter and former country artist from Kansas City Missouri. Between 2005 and 2007 Harp and Michelle Branch recorded and performed as The Wreckers a duo that topped the country charts in 2006 with the Grammy-nominated Leave the Pieces. After The Wreckers disbanded Harp began a solo career on Warner Bros. Records the same label to which The Wreckers were signed.
 Maria Luisa Altieri Biagi (born 1930) is an Italian scholar and writer.
 Petri Kaverma (born 1963) is a Finnish artist and curator who has held several private exhibitions and participated in various group and joint exhibitions both in Finland and abroad. The themes of his exhibitions have ranged from universal issues to more private and personal topics and the forms of expression Kaverma uses have varied from photography and video to mixed-media sculptures.
 Toshiko Fujita (藤田 淑子 Fujita Toshiko born April 5 1950 in Dalian China) is a Japanese voice actress. She currently works at Aoni Production.
 Enduser is Cincinnati Ohio-based breakcore/raggacore/jungle musician Lynn Standafer. Standafer has released on record labels including Mirex Ad Noiseam and Outbreak.He performed on Mary Anne Hobbs' BBC 1 show (then called The Breezeblock) in April 2005. He has also played in various countries around the world and at festivals including Maschinenfest and Distorted.
 Wendy Moore is an English journalist author and historian. She has produced works on the English nobility and the history of medicine. As of 2012 her first work The Knife Man was being adapted for television by director David Cronenberg.
 Linda Carlsson (born July 6 1982) better known by her stage name Miss Li is a Swedish singer and songwriter. She was born in Borlänge but now lives in Stockholm. Her single Don't Try to Fool Me has been featured on the Showtime original series Weeds as well as Grey's Anatomy. Her song Bourgeois Shangri-La from the album Dancing the Whole Way Home was used by Apple in the iPod Nano 5G television commercial and her song Oh Boy was used in a 2010 Volvo C70 commercial.
 James Timothy Pursey (born 9 February 1955) is an English singer and record producer. He was the founder and frontman of the English punk rock band Sham 69 and has played with them from 1976 to 1980; from 1986 to 2006; and from 2011 to the present day.
 Amy Richards (born ca. 1971) is an United States activist writer organizer feminist and art historian. She graduated from Barnard College in 1992. Richards has appeared in Fox’s The O'Reilly Factor Oprah Talk of the Nation New York One and on CNN.After graduating cum laude from Barnard College in 1992 with a degree in Art History Amy Richards embarked on an unexpected career as a feminist activist writer and organizer.
 Mathieu Kessels (20 May 1784 - 4 March 1836) was a Dutch Neoclassical sculptor who mainly worked in Rome.
 Julie Klassen is an American author of inspirational Regency romance novels. She is the winner of several Christy Awards and a Midwest Book Award.
 This article is about William Ellery Channing the Transcendentalist poet. For the Unitarian theologian see William Ellery Channing.William Ellery Channing (November 29 1818 – December 23 1901) was a Transcendentalist poet nephew of the Unitarian preacher Dr. William Ellery Channing. (His namesake uncle was usually known as Dr.
 Curtis Plum is an alternative hip hop artist based in Boise Idaho.
 Fedde le Grand (Utrecht September 7 1977) is a Dutch house DJ and producer best known for his 2006 track Put Your Hands Up 4 Detroit.
 Frank Thomas (1914–1968) was an American Golden Age cartoonist who worked primarily for Centaur Publications.For Centaur he created The Eye Chuck Hardy Dr. Hypno and Solarman (no relation to the Marvel Comics superhero of the same name). Later in his career he worked for Dell on The Owl Billy and Bonnie Bee Buddies and other characters. He wrote scripts for Andy Panda Little Lulu Woody Woodpecker and Little Scouts.
 Bernardo Rachetti (1639–1702) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period active as a painter of imaginary vedute. He was born in Milan the nephew and scholar of Giovanni Ghisolfi. He painted architectural views and perspectives (capricci) in the style of his instructor for whose pictures Racchetti's are not infrequently mistaken. They usually represent seaports embellished with magnificent buildings.
 Alec B. Francis (2 December 1867 – 6 July 1934) was an English actor largely of the silent era. He appeared in 241 films between 1911 and 1934. He was born in London and died in Hollywood California.
 Tom Simpson (born 7 January 1972) is a Scottish DJ and musician best known as the keyboardist of the alternative rock band Snow Patrol. He has been with Snow Patrol as a touring member since 1997 and became a permanent one in 2005.
 Lauren Worsham is an American singer and actress known for her work in the opera and musical theatre.
 Captain Sinbad was the deejay alter ego of Jamaican record producer Carl Dwyer (born c.1955).
 Béla Anton Leoš Fleck (born July 10 1958) is an American banjo player. Widely acknowledged as one of the world's most innovative and technically proficient banjo players he is best known for his work with the bands New Grass Revival and Béla Fleck and the Flecktones.
 David E. Scherman (1916–1997) was an American photojournalist and editor. Born in Manhattan he grew up in New Rochelle New York and then attended Dartmouth College. He graduated in 1936 and became a photographer for Life magazine covering World War II. He teamed up with a Condé Nast Publications photographer Lee Miller for many of these assignments.
 Tudor Arghezi (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈtudor arˈɡezi]; 21 May 1880 – 14 July 1967) was a Romanian writer best known for his contribution to poetry and children's literature. Born Ion N. Theodorescu in Bucharest (where he also died) he explained that his pen name was related to Argesis the Latin name for the Argeş River.
 Takako Matsu (松 たか子 Matsu Takako) born Takako Fujima (藤間 隆子 Fujima Takako) on June 10 1977 in Tokyo Japan is a Japanese actress and pop singer/songwriter.
 Vaikom Muhammad Basheer (21 January 1908 – 5 July 1994) was a Malayalam fiction writer from the state of Kerala in India. He was a humanist freedom fighter novelist and short story writer. He is noted for his path-breaking disarmingly down-to-earth style of writing that made him equally popular among literary critics as well as the common man. He is regarded as one of the most successful and outstanding writers from India.
 George Woodcock (/ˈwʊdˌkɑːk/; May 8 1912 – January 28 1995) was a Canadian writer of political biography and history an anarchist thinker an essayist and literary critic. He was also a poet and published several volumes of travel writing. In 1959 he was the founding editor of the journal Canadian Literature which was the first academic journal specifically dedicated to Canadian writing.
 Robert Ellsberg son of Daniel Ellsberg is the editor-in chief and publisher of Orbis Books the publishing arm of Maryknoll.
 Tom Malar (born 26 August 1980) is a Czech R&B singer songwriter and producer. He was labeled as the first successful Czech Soul/R&B artist by the local media.
 Camilla Kerslake (born 5 August 1988) is an English classical crossover singer from London who has become the first signing to Gary Barlow’s new record label. She released her debut album on 23 November 2009 in the UK.
 Min Sun-ye (Korean: 민선예 born August 12 1989) is a South Korean singer. She is the leader of the girl group the Wonder Girls.
 Mark H. Abrahamian (February 23 1966 - September 2 2012) was the lead guitarist for Starship. He had joined the band in 2001.
 Tyruss Himes better known by his stage name Big Syke is an American rapper. His stage name is a revision of his childhood nickname Little Psycho.
 Thomas J. Abercrombie (August 13 1930 – April 3 2006) was a senior staff writer and photographer for National Geographic well known for his work on Middle Eastern countries. During his tenure at the Geographic magazine Abercrombie travelled to all seven continents becoming the first staff photojournalist to travel to the South Pole in 1956 while providing photographs for Paul Siple's coverage of the first overwinter stay at the South Pole Station.
 Anne Cochran is a singer-songwriter from Cleveland Ohio. She is best known as the lead touring vocalist for pianist and songwriter Jim Brickman with whom she shared the top 5 Adult Contemporary hit single After All These Years in 1998. She has also released a number of solo albums and the single Someone Is Missing at Christmas from her album This is the Season peaked at number 11 on the US Adult contemporary chart in 2005.
 Giovanni Omiccioli (born 1901) was an Italian painter belonging to the modern movement of the Scuola romana (Roman School) with a dynamic paintwork representing soccer games and sports scenes.
 Adán Santos Sánchez (April 14 1984 – March 27 2004) was a popular American singer who performed under the stage name Adan Chalino Sánchez honoring his famous father who was assassinated in 1992.
 Matteo Ingoli (1587–1631) was an Italian painter of the early-Baroque period.
 Adrian Francis Rollini (June 28 1903 - May 15 1956) was an American jazz multi-instrumentalist who played the bass saxophone piano xylophone and many other instruments. Rollini is also known for introducing the goofus in jazz music.
 Közi is a Japanese visual kei rock musician who plays guitar piano keyboard and synthesizer. He is best known as guitarist for the rock band Malice Mizer. After the band went on an indefinite hiatus in 2001 he formed the industrial rock duo Eve of Destiny and also started a solo career.
 Crime Boss is an American rapper formerly signed to Suave House Records. Crime Boss debuted on 8Ball & MJG's album On the Outside Looking In in 1994. He signed with Suave House and issued his debut the following year entitled All in the Game. The album peaked at No. 113 on the Billboard 200. He followed up in 1997 with his most successful album Conflicts & Confusion released by Relativity Records which went to No. 25 on the Billboard 200.
 Cosima De Vito (born 1 November 1976) also known mononymously as Cosima is an Australian pop and R&B singer-songwriter. In 2003 she was in the top 3 of the original Australian Idol TV talent quest series before withdrawing due to throat nodules affecting her singing. In August 2004 her debut double A-side single When the War Is Over / One Night Without You was issued which reached No. 1 on the ARIA Singles Chart. On 11 October her debut album Cosima appeared which peaked at No.
 Clifton A. Edwards (June 14 1895 – July 17 1971) — known as Ukelele Ike — was an American singer and voice actor who enjoyed considerable popularity in the 1920s and early '30s specializing in jazzy renditions of pop standards and novelty tunes. He had a number-one hit with Singin' In The Rain in 1929. He also did voices for animated cartoons later in his career and is best known as the voice of Jiminy Cricket in Walt Disney's Pinocchio (1940).
 Klute is the primary recording alias of Tom Withers a drum and bass Producer and DJ from London UK.He is also the drummer vocalist and songwriter in the English Hardcore band The Stupids and first turned to electronic production in the early 1990s experimenting with techno before turning to Drum and Bass. He released two 12 under the Override alias in 1995-96 as well as appearing on Ninja Tune compilations.
 Donald Vega is a Nicaraguan-born American jazz pianist and music composer.
 Gerhard August Schneider (January 6 1842 - January 14 1873) was a Norwegian artist and collector of folk tales.
 Marius Moga is a Grammy nominated Romanian producer composer and singer famous in Eastern and Central Europe. He writes and produces music in various styles and genres especially pop R'n'B and club music.
 Lee Turnbull is a British actor who has appeared in The Famous Five Making Waves and The Bill. He appeared on stage at the Old Red Lion in 2004 as part of the cast of Cherry Picnic.
 Alyssa Bonagura (born April 1 1988) is an American singer-songwriter.
 Alessandro Parisotti (July 24 1853 – April 4 1913) was an Italian composer and music editor.
 Francis Harvey (born 1925) is a poet and playwright. He was born in Enniskillen County Fermanagh Northern Ireland. Harvey has lived in County Donegal for most of his life. His collections of poetry include In the Light on the Stones (1978) The Rainmakers (1988) The Boa Island Janus (1996) Making Space New & Selected Poems (2000) and Collected Poems (2007) which has an introduction by Moya Cannon.
 Mamunur Rashid (Bengali: মামুনুর রশীদ; born 29 February 1948) is one of the pioneering theatre activists in Bangladesh. He is the chief secretary of leading theatre group Aranyak (theatre group) which plays crucial roles in creating common people aware about their rights through his plays. He was born on 29 February in 1948 in the village Paikora under Kalhati upazila in Tangail. One of the most popular production of his group is Rarang which deals with the life of Santal.
 Alfredo Castelli (born June 26 1947) is an Italian comic book author and writer.
 Armando Molero (born January 20 1899 or November 22 1900— February 5 1971) was a Venezuelan singer known as El Cantor de todos los tiempos (Spanish for The singer of all times). He is considered Maracaibo's greatest singer.
 Francesco Capelli (active c. 1568) was an Italian painter active in was born in Sassuolo in the province of Modena and was educated in the school of Correggio. He painted a 'Madonna and Child in Glory with attendant Saints' for the church of San Sebastian at Sassuolo. He was also called Caccianemici but must not be confounded with another Francesco Caccianemici a contemporary pupil of Primaticcio and lived about the same period.
 Utagawa Hiroshige (Japanese: 歌川 広重) also Andō Hiroshige (Japanese: 安藤 広重; 1797 – 12 October 1858) was a Japanese ukiyo-e artist considered the last great master of that tradition.Hiroshige is best known for his landscapes such as the series The Fifty-three Stations of the Tōkaidō and The Sixty-nine Stations of the Kiso Kaidō; and for his depictions of birds and flowers.
 Michael Mike Viola (born September 26 1966) is an American singer-songwriter best known as singer songwriter and musical architect of a team he called the Candy Butchers a pop-rock band from New York City that recorded three critically acclaimed albums for Sony. A native of Stoughton Massachusetts Mike began his musical career in the 1980s.
 Lavrentis Machairitsas (Greek: Λαυρέντης Μαχαιρίτσας born 5 November 1956) is a Greek rock musician from Volos Thessaly Greece.
 Earl Wentz (March 22 1938 - November 15 2009) was an American pianist composer and musical director most noted for his creation in 2000 of the American Composer Series an ongoing performance series in the cabaret format.
 Clara Janés Nadal born in Barcelona (6 November 1940) is a Spanish poet writer and translator. She is regarded as one of the great love poets of contemporary Spanish literature a designation given her by one of twentieth century Spain's most respected women writers Rosa Chacel.
 Jean Redpath MBE (born 28 April 1937) is a singer of folk songs and Scottish music.Redpath was born in Edinburgh to musical parents. Her mother knew many Scots songs and passed them on to Jean and her brother; her father played the hammer dulcimer. She was raised in Leven FifeScotland and later returned to Edinburgh taking medieval studies at the university.
 (Niccolò) Agostino Veracini (14 December 1689 – 18 November 1762) was an Italian painter and engraver. He was the second son of Benedetto Veracini also a painter. Agostino was the cousin of Francesco Maria Veracini the violinist and composer.Veracini was born and died in Florence.
 Anita Kelsey (born in Mitcham Surrey United Kingdom) is a singer-songwriter whose vocals and top lines are featured on many hit dance records and feature films. Her voice has appeared as backup vocals for artists such as Kings Of Leon The Good The Bad and The Queen Razorlight Boy George and the Spice Girls as the featured vocalist on big screen productions such as Dark City and more recently as the singer and songwriter for a series of successful dance projects.
 Alexander Ivanovich Ertel (Russian: Алекса́ндр Ива́нович Э́ртель) (July 19 1855 – February 7 1908) was a Russian novelist and short story writer.
 Geraldo Azevedo (born January 11 1945) is a Brazilian singer and guitarist. He is famous for his contributions to the Brazilian Popular Music scene especially his partnerships with Alceu Valença and Zé Ramalho.
 Benjamin Darvill (born January 4 1967) known by his stage name Son of Dave is a Canadian musician and singer–songwriter based in the United Kingdom. He was a member of Grammy nominated folk rock band Crash Test Dummies in which he played harmonica mandolin guitar and percussion before returning to his Blues Beat-Box and harmonica driven solo work in 2000.SOD was born in Winnipeg Manitoba.
 Ivor Ernst Slaney (b. 27 May 1921 in West Bromwich United Kingdom d. March 1998 Southampton United Kingdom) was a prolific musical composer and conductor notable for his work in film television and radio.Slaney was educated at the Royal College of Music and married Mary D Ludlow pianist Dolores Ventura in 1948. His father Ernst Wallace Slaney was the principal 'cellist in the Bournemouth Municipal Orchestra in the 1920s and '30s under Sir Dan Godfrey.
 Shūgorō Yamamoto (山本 周五郎 Yamamoto Shūgorō June 22 1903 – February 14 1967) was the pen name of Satomu Shimizu (清水 三十六 Shimizu Satomu) a Japanese novelist and short-story writer active during the Showa period of Japan. He was noted for his popular literature and is known to have published works under at least fourteen different pen names.
 Charlie Atom is a Mexican DJ and electronic dance music producer who combines many genres of music including rock new age and diverse genres of EDM to create his music and aims to psychedelic and conceptual albums.
 Eugene Michael Simon (born 11 June 1992) is an English actor and fashion model best known for his roles as Jerome Clarke in the television series House of Anubis and Lancel Lannister in Game of Thrones.Simon went to prep school at St. Philip's in London and later attended Bryanston School and Downside School boarding schools in the south of England.
 Thomas Wade (born May 9 1961 in Burford Ontario) is a Canadian country music artist. He was the lead singer of the group Thomas Wade & Wayward who released their eponymous debut album in 1996. The album produced seven singles on the Canadian Country Music chart including the Top 10's Zero to Sixty and She's Getting Serious. Between 1997 and 1998 Thomas Wade and Wayward received seven CCMA awards.
 Gilles Tran is a contemporary French 3D artist mostly known for his images rendered in POV-Ray. Most notable is his web site project The Book of Beginnings with images accompanied with pieces of unfinished text.
 Leo Kottke (born September 11 1945 Athens Georgia U.S.) is an acoustic guitarist. He is known for a fingerpicking style that draws on influences from blues jazz and folk music and for syncopated polyphonic melodies. Kottke overcame a series of personal obstacles including partial loss of hearing and a nearly career-ending bout with tendon damage in his right hand to emerge as a widely recognized master of his instrument.
 Gordon Lee Tex Beneke (February 12 1914 – May 30 2000) was an American saxophonist singer and bandleader. His career is a history of associations with bandleader Glenn Miller and former musicians and singers who worked with Miller. His band is also associated with the careers of Eydie Gorme Henry Mancini and Ronnie Deauville.
 Yuya Tegoshi (手越 祐也 Tegoshi Yūya born November 11 1987) is a member of Japanese boy band NEWS and its subgroup Tegomass both under Johnny & Associates.
 David Ashworth Gates (born December 11 1940) is an American singer-songwriter best known as the lead singer of the group Bread which reached the tops of the musical charts in Europe and North America on several occasions in the 1970s. The band was inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame.
 Wisp is the alias of electronic music artist Reid Dunn who hails from Niagara Falls New York. Wisp began making music on his computer in 1999 and originally released his music for free as mp3s on Netlabels before being signed to Sublight Records. In December 2007 he was signed to Benn Jordan's Alphabasic label. In March 2008 it was announced that he had been signed to Rephlex Records.
 Catherine Mary Ann Adamson (13 October 1868 – 9 August 1925) was a New Zealand homemaker and diarist. She was born in Fitzroy Victoria Australia on 13 October 1868.
 Dallas Preston Kruse is the producer of Suburban Legends' 2007 Japan-only album Dance Like Nobody's Watching: Tokyo Nights an extended version of their 2006 EP release; their 2007 album Infectious and their 2008 album Let's Be Friends... and Slay the Dragon Together.
 Sheldon I. Pollock is a scholar of Sanskrit American intellectual and literary history and comparative intellectual history. He is currently the Arvind Raghunathan Professor of South Asian Studies at the Department of Middle Eastern South Asian and African Studies at Columbia University. He was general editor of the Clay Sanskrit Library and is founding editor of the Murty Classical Library of India. Pollock has received the Andrew W.
 Kari Brooke Jobe (born April 6 1981) is an American contemporary Christian music singer and songwriter. Since her first album in 2009 she has received one Grammy Award nomination and three Dove Award nominations two of which she won. Jobe is also an associate worship pastor at Gateway Church.
 Bruce Day was a bass guitarist and vocalist for the California smooth rock band Pablo Cruise and previously for Santana. Day replaced bassist Bud Cockrell of Pablo Cruise in 1977 and stayed with the band until 1981 before the Reflector album was recorded. He died on 30 June 1999.
 Olivier Paquet (born 21 April 1973 at Compiègne) is a French political scientist and science fiction author.Paquet graduated from the Institut d'études politiques de Grenoble in 1994 and went on to complete his DEA in 1995. He completed a doctorate in political science at the institution in 2002. As an author he won the Grand Prix de l'Imaginaire award in 2002 for his short fiction Synesthésie which was published in Galaxies magazine in 2000.
 Eva Lin (born 4 May 1985) is an award winning Filipino-American transsexual pornographic actress who debuted in the year 2011 at 21 years of age.
 Brian Moncrieff Lewis (3 June 1929 – 4 December 1978) was a British science fiction illustrator comics artist and animator.Lewis served in the RAF and became involved in science fiction fandom in the early 1950s. His first professional illustration was for the Radio Times and he began contributing to New Worlds in 1954 painting forty covers for the magazine. He also painted 21 covers for Science Fantasy 19 for Science Fiction Adventures and a few for Digit Books between 1957 and 1962.
 Philip Meninsky (born 1919 in Fulham England died in 2007) was the son of Bernard Meninsky.
 Atna Jean Emmanuel (Manu) Njock aka Zekuhl is a singer guitarist percussionist and a songwriter of world music. He presents a Bolbo-Jazz style. He was born in Quebec City in 1970 and raised in Cameroon. His initiation to Cameroonian and Bantu musical traditions as well as those of the Baka Pygmies who lived near his village of Kaya began at age four.
 Krista Polvere is an Australian-born singer/songwriter from Adelaide but resides in Melbourne Australia. Polvere moved to Sydney at a young age to study acting and music. Polvere's father a former band manager immigrated from Naples Italy and her mother is of Welsh decent.Playing shows around the small bars and clubs in Adelaide Polvere moved to Melbourne for its live music culture. Polvere ventured to New York City for an adventure traveling to the heart of where the folk scene began.
 Matti Kärki born December 13 1972 is a Swedish singer who is best known for his work with Dismember. Before he joined Dismember in 1991 he was the singer in the Swedish band Carnage (1989-1990). The first band fronted by Kärki was Therion in 1989. He also appears with the Autopsy-inspired Murder Squad since 1993. Furthermore he was part of the experimental band Carbonized from 1988 to 1990.
 Bruce Foxton (born 1 September 1955) is an English rock and roll musician who is best known as the bass player in punk rock bands The Jam and Stiff Little Fingers.
 Dorothy Margaret Stuart née Browne (1889 Meerbrook Staffordshire – September 14 1963) was a British poet and writer.In 1924 she won a silver medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for her Fencers' song cycle Sword Songs.Her other works include literary and historical biographies historical non-fiction particularly concentrating on the lives of women and children and history stories for children.
 Anjanibai Malpekar (April 22 1883 – August 7 1974) was a noted Indian classical singer belonging to the Bhendibazaar gharana of Hindustani classical music. She was a disciple of Ustad Nazeer Khan of the gharana with whom she started training at age 8. She made her professional debut at age 16 in Mumbai where she spent the rest of her life.
 Claire Hooper (born 5 September 1976) is an Australian stand-up comedian and writer. She appeared as a team captain on the 2008 revival of Good News Week on Network Ten and previously was a regular on The Sideshow appearing with Paul McDermott. Since 2005 she has regularly performed at the Melbourne International Comedy Festival.
 Edward Greene also known as Gusto is an American house producer and DJ. He is well known for his song Disco's Revenge which was released in 1995. It charted in countries worldwide.
 Thom Russo is an American record producer engineer mixer and songwriter. His works range from Anglo-American pop/rock to Alternative Latin. He is a recipient of 16 Grammy awards most of them in recognition to his work with Latin music.
 Jesse McCartney (born April 9 1987) is an American singer-songwriter actor and voice actor. McCartney achieved fame in the late 1990s on the daytime drama All My Children as JR Chandler. He later joined boy band Dream Street and eventually branched out into a solo musical career. Additionally McCartney has appeared on shows such as Summerland and Greek.
 Anthony Iannaccone (born 1943 in Brooklyn New York) is a composer and conductor. His music has been performed by major orchestras and chamber ensembles and he has conducted numerous regional and metropolitan orchestras in the United States and in Europe.
 John Cory Hassall (born 17 February 1981 in Westminster London) is an English musician and bassist for The Libertines. He now performs with his own band Yeti. He has been described by Dirty Pretty Things bassist Didz Hammond as ...a fucking class bass player. Top grade. Top drawer.
 Norito Yashima (八嶋智人; Yashima Norito) (born September 27 1970 Nara-city Nara) is a Japanese stage actor who has been featured in movies television shows (Furuhata Ninzaburo) and specials. He eventually landed his first hosting job on the Fuji TV series Hey! Spring of Trivia a show he currently co-hosts with fellow actor Katsumi Takahashi.
 Vieri Tosatti (born Rome 1920 - died there 1999) was an Italian composer. He is best known for his operas among them Il sistema della dolcezza (1948) after Edgar Allan Poe's The System of Doctor Tarr and Professor Fether and Partita a pugni (1953) about a boxing match. His output also includes chamber music as well as some symphonic and choral works. He studied at the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia under Ildebrando Pizzetti.
 Pat O'Brien (born December 15 1968) is the lead guitarist for the death metal band Cannibal Corpse.
 Keith Coventry is a British artist and curator. In September 2010 his Spectrum Jesus painting won the £25000 John Moores Painting Prize.
 Bill Slavicsek is a game designer who served as the Director of Roleplaying Design and Development at Wizards of the Coast. He previously worked for West End Games and TSR Inc. and designed products for Dungeons & Dragons Star Wars Alternity Torg Paranoia and Ghostbusters.
 Anthony Gallo is an American lead and rhythm guitarist who started at age 16 in the early eighties punk scene. Gallo later progressed into heavy metal and rock with a career spanning over 30 years playing and recording with punk bands New Regime Los Cycos Nick Menza (Megadeth) Suicidal Tendencies/Los Cycos Mike Muir SIN 34 Jon Nelson Louiche Mayorga Louis Loud Lou Hinzo (Würm) D.H.
 Maria Guinot (born 20 June 1945 Barreiro) is a Portuguese singer best known for her participation in the 1984 Eurovision Song Contest.Guinot released two EPs La mère sans enfant and Balada do negro só in the late 1960s then took a long break from the music industry. She returned in 1981 performing a song Um adeus um recomeço in the Portuguese Eurovision selection Festival da Canção where she finished third.
 Edna Clarke Hall (1879–1979) was a watercolour artist etcher lithographer and draughtsman who is mainly known for her many illustrations to Wuthering Heights by Emily Brontë.
 César Aira (Argentine Spanish: [ˈse.saɾ ˈai.ɾa]; born on 23 February 1949 in Coronel Pringles Buenos Aires Province) is an Argentine writer and translator and an exponent of Argentine contemporary literature. Aira has published over eighty short books of stories novels and essays. In fact at least since 1993 a hallmark of his work is an almost frenetic level of writing and publication—two to four novella-length books each year.
 Volker Banfield (born 9 May 1944 Oberaudorf Bavaria) is a German pianist.He studied at the Nordwestdeutsche Musikakademie in Detmold beginning at age 14. Afterward he moved to the United States and studied at the Juilliard School (with Adele Marcus) and at the University of Texas (with Leonard Shure). He then returned to live in Germany and toured extensively.
 Simon Helberg (born December 9 1980) is an American actor voice actor and comedian best known for his role as Howard Wolowitz in the sitcom The Big Bang Theory currently in its seventh season for which he won the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series. He has appeared on the sketch comedy series MADtv and is also known for his role as Moist in the Joss Whedon-led web miniseries Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog.
 Antonio Ermolao Paoletti (Venice May 8 1834 – Venice December 13 1912) was an Italian painter mainly of Venetian genre scenes recalling Bamboccianti life of children and women as well as sacred fresco work for churches in the Veneto.Antonio's father Ermolao Paoletti was a well known scholar and writer of Venice. He wrote a much cited expansive guide to its architecture monuments artistic works and customs. He also wrote a dictionary of Venetian dialect.
 Chris Reed also known as Plastician (formerly Plasticman) is a electronic musician from Thornton Heath in the London Borough of Croydon.
 Salvatore Guidotti (Naples 1836 - After 1889) was an Italian painter.
 Ruper Ordorika born at Oñati (Gipuzkoa) in 1956 is a Basque singer-songwriter. He is generally considered one of the greatest renewers of basque songwriting.He was part of the literary group Pott with among others writers Joseba Sarrionandia Bernardo Atxaga Jon Juaristi and Manu Ertzila.
 Curt Smith (born March 20 1951 in Caledonia New York) is an American author media host and columnist. In addition to work as a newspaper reporter Smith was a political speechwriter until 1992 and a host of radio and television programs until 2002. He has written 11 books including Voices of the Game which covers the history of baseball broadcasting. Smith is a newspaper columnist in upstate New York and holds an academic appointment at the University of Rochester.
 Toshinao Sasaki (佐々木 俊尚 Sasaki Toshinao born December 5 1961) is a Japanese freelance journalist and critic a regular writer for CNET Japan and a one-time reporter for Mainichi Shimbun. He was born in Hyōgo Prefecture.
 Irène Schweizer (born June 2 1941) is a notable Swiss jazz and free improvising pianist. She was born in Schaffhausen in 1941.She has performed and recorded numerous solo piano performances as well as performing as part of the Feminist Improvising Group whose members include Lindsay Cooper Maggie Nichols Georgie Born and Sally Potter.
 Máirtín O'Connor is an Irish button accordionist from Galway Ireland who began playing at the age of nine and whose career has seen him as a member of many traditional music groups that include Skylark Midnight Well De Dannan and The Boys of the Lough.
 Maurice Wyckaert (1923–1996) was a Belgian artist born in 1923 in the city of Brussels. He is a neo-expressionistic lyrical abstract painter gouache designer and printmaker. He was educated at the Academy of Brussels (1940-47 en 1949-50) and in Sint-Joost-ten-Node and the Vrije Atelier of Sint-Lambrechts-Woluwe. He debuted with wonderful expressionistic still life reminiscent of Jean Brusselmans. Much early work dealt with stills of vegetables.
 Erzsébet Galgóczi (27 August 1930 – 20 May 1989) was a Hungarian writer playwright and screenwriter. Her work is often described as realist fiction.
 Pieter de Jode (1606–1674) was a Flemish Baroque painter and engraver.
 Steve Holmes (born on March 23 1961) is a German pornographic film actor who started his career in 1997. Holmes is a Transylvanian Saxon born in Sibiu Romania. In 1968 his family crossed the Turkish border while on holiday in Bulgaria and sought asylum at the German consulate in İstanbul.Since 2002 he has been living and working in Los Angeles and Budapest. He also began directing in 2003 working for Platinum X Pictures with Manuel Ferrara Brandon Iron and Michael Stefano.
 Eliphalet Frazer Andrews (11 June 1835 - 15 March 1915) an American painter known primarily as a portraitist established an art instruction curriculum at the behest of William Wilson Corcoran at his Corcoran School of Art and served as its director 1877-1902.
 Aline Brosh McKenna (born Aline Brosh; August 2 1967) is an American screenwriter.
 Elmore James (January 27 1918 – May 24 1963) was an American blues guitarist singer songwriter and band leader. He was known as King of the Slide Guitar but he was also noted for his use of loud amplification and his stirring voice.
 Vida Brest (true name Majda Peterlin) (21 July 1925 – 10 November 1985) was a YugoslavSlovene language poet writer journalist and teacher best known for her juvenile fiction often based on her own experiences as a young woman partisan during the Second World War.Brest was born in Šentrupert in Lower Carniola in 1925. At the age of 17 she joined the resistance movement and after the end of the Second World War became a journalist and teacher.
 Mark James (born 1940 as Francis Zambon) is a songwriter famous for writing hits for singers B.J. Thomas Brenda Lee and Elvis Presley most notably Elvis' last US number one hit single Suspicious Minds.
 Tamsin Heatley is a British actress and voice artist. She has appeared on The Bill The Young Ones. Her more recent roles have been in Horrid Henry Fimbles Tweenies and various other children's television shows. Her father was Norman Heatley a biochemist who helped pioneer early penicillin research.
 Sam Newsome (born April 28 1965) is an American jazz saxophonist and composer. His music combines an eclectic mix of straight-ahead jazz world music (drawing influences from North Africa and East Asia) and extended techniques. Newsome is assistant professor of jazz studies at Long Island University – Brooklyn Campus.
 Eduardo Liendo Zurita (Caracas 12 January 1941) is a Venezuelan writer and scholar. His novella Mascarada won Honorable Mention in the Fiction City Award (Caracas 1978) and the Pedro León Zapata humor prize in 1981. In 1985 he received the Municipal Prize for Literature. and in 1990 the CONAC book award (From the former national council of culture of Venezuela).
 Carl Winckow known in Spain where he spent most of his working life as Carlos Winkow (6 February 1882 – 16 January 1952) was a German type designer who worked primarily for the Naçional Typefoundry.
 Blake Judd (born November 13 1982) is an American musician and co-founder of Battle Kommand Records. Formerly the lead vocalist and front-man of the now-defunct metal band Nachtmystium Judd has also contributed to musical acts and projects such as Twilight Krieg and Hate Meditation. He previously performed under the stage name Azentrius.
 Ümit Besen (born 1956 Osmaniye Turkey) represents the darker side of Tarabya school of electronic music. He started his professional career with playing keyboards and singing with his band at the local clubs in Adana Southern Turkey. While he was in the army for his obligatory service a brigadier-general (Brigadier in Commonwealth armies) liked his style and appointed him with the task of singing at the officers tavern.
 Wendy Oldfield (born 24 February 1964 Cape Town South Africa) is a South African singer. At the age of nineteen she formed the rock group The Sweatband and from 1999 to 2001 she was involved with the band Mondetta. She is the winner of several music awards and currently lives in Wilderness Western Cape South Africa.
 Laura Kasischke (born 1961) is an American fiction writer and American poet.
 Jeffrey Grice (born 1954) is a New Zealand musician. Born in Christchurch Jeffrey Grice studied languages and music at University of Auckland. He then continued his piano studies in Paris obtaining the Licence de Concert de l'Ecole Normale Supérieure de Musique. Resident in France Jeffrey Grice has performed regularly in Europe and France as a soloist and chamber musician.
 Trym Torson (born Kai Johnny Mosaker) or just Trym is a Norwegian drummer formerly with Zyklon. Torson started playing in the Viking metal band Enslaved and was later invited to play in black metal band Emperor. He co-founded Zyklon together with Emperor member Samoth. His style is heavily influenced by jazz and he is known for his fast playing often consisting of blast beats and double-bass drumming.
 Théodore-Pierre Bertin (2 November 1751 – 25 January 1819) was the author of fifty-odd works on various subjects but is primarily remembered as the person responsible for adapting Samuel Taylor's shorthand to the French language and introducing modern shorthand to France.Born at Provins (Seine-et-Marne) to Louis Bertin a parliamentary lawyer and Louise Mitantier Bertin taught English before travelling to London to work as a translator.
 Mary Weston Fordham (1844–1905) was an African American writer and teacher. She is known for writing a collection of 66 poems entitled Magnolia Leaves which offers a presentation of African American families following the American Civil War. The introduction to the book is written by Booker T. Washington in which he reflects on his concerns for African American families.
 Spencer James Smith (born September 2 1987) is an American musician best known as the co-founding member and drummer of American rock band Panic! at the Disco. With the band he has played on four studio albums A Fever You Can't Sweat Out (2005) Pretty. Odd. (2008) Vices & Virtues (2011) and Too Weird to Live Too Rare to Die! (2013). The band's debut album charted in the top ten of the US Billboard 200 chart with the album reaching No.
 Andi Almqvist is a Swedish singer and composer known for his dark cinematic sound and haunting lyrics about life death alienation and dysfunctional love.Almqvist has released four solo albums Can't Stop Laughing (2005) Red Room Stories (2007) Glimmer (2009) and Warsaw Holiday (2013).
 André Chevrillon (1864–1957) was a French writer a nephew of Taine who chose England and the Orient as objects of study.Chevrillon was born at Ruelle (Charente) and educated at the University College School (London) the École Alsacienne (Paris) the Lycée Louis-le-Grand and the University of Paris. He was a professor of English at the École Navale of Brest in 1887–1888 and from 1889 to 1894 was Maître de conférences at the Faculty of Letters of the University of Lille.
 Chris Smith (October 12 1879 – October 4 1949) was an American composer and performer. Smith was born in Charleston South Carolina; he started traveling with Medicine Shows when young and went into Vaudeville where he performed in an acts with Elmer Bowman and Jimmy Durante.
 Clifford Smith (born 29 December 1974) better known as Mr. Vegas is a Jamaican dancehall star.
 Bonaventura Lamberti (c. 1653 – September 19 1721) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period active mainly in Rome. He was born at Carpiand after some years working at Modena he became a pupil of the painter Carlo Cignani in Rome. There he became attached to the household of the Marchese Gabrieli. In Rome he painted St. Francis of Paola resuscitating a dead Child for the church of the Spirito Santo de Napolitani. He painted some cartoons used for mosaics for St.
 Leapy Lee (born Graham Pulleyblank but later changed his name to Lee Graham 2 July 1939 Eastbourne England) is an English singer best known for his 1968 single Little Arrows which reached Number 2 in the UK Singles Chart and was a Top 40 country and pop hit in the United States.
 Max Gallo (French: [maks ɡaˈlo]; born in Nice on 7 January 1932) is a French writer historian and politician.The son of Italian immigrants Max Gallo's early career was in journalism. At the time he was a Communist (until 1956). In 1974 he joined the Socialist Party. On April 26 2007 the Académie française recorded his candidacy for its Seat 24 formerly held by the late Jean-François Revel. He was elected to the Académie française on 31 May 2007.
 Ronald Schneider (born October 20 1943 in Newark New Jersey) is best known for being the business presence at the center of pivotal 1960s events including the Altamont Free Concert the dissolution of The Beatles and the reorganization of their business arm Apple Corps.
 Alfréd Réth (1884–1966) was a Hungarian painter.At the age of 19 he left for Italy then in 1905 to Paris. Here he discovered the art of Cézanne and Hindu art. He became a member of the cubist movement.
 Nicholas Staggins (died 13 June 1700) was an English composer.Staggins first studied music under his father. He was made Master of the King's Music by Charles II in 1674. In 1682 he was granted a musical doctorate by Cambridge University and from 1684 until his death was Professor of Music at Cambridge.
 Andrew Voss (born 7 September 1966) is a rugby league commentator who currently works for SKY Network Television. Voss previously worked for the Nine Network including on the NRL Footy Show The Sunday Footy Show and The Sunday Roast.
 Mohamed Hamri (August 27 1932 – August 29 2000) commonly known as Hamri was a self-described Painter of Morocco. He was a Moroccan painter and author and one of the few Moroccans to participate in the Tangier Beat scene.He was born in 1932 in Ksar-el-Kebir in northern Morocco. His father was a ceramics artist who painted his pieces following an ancient tradition. Hamri's mother was born into the Attar family of Zahjouka musicians.
 Ōmi Komaki (小牧 近江 Komaki Ōmi 11 May 1894 – 29 October 1978) was the pen-name of a scholar and translator of French literature in Taishō and Shōwa period Japan. His real name was Komaki Ōmiya.
 Samuel Ray Delany Jr. (/dəˈleɪni/; born April 1 1942) Chip Delany to his friends is an American author professor and literary critic. His work includes fiction (especially science fiction) memoir criticism and essays on sexuality and society.His science fiction novels include Babel-17 The Einstein Intersection (winners of the Nebula Award for 1966 and 1967 respectively) Nova Dhalgren and the Return to Nevèrÿon series.
 Steven De Groote (1953—1989) was a South African classical pianist.Steven De Groote was born in Johannesburg South Africa into a Belgian family in which for three generations almost every member had been a professional musician. His grandmother was a recipient of the Prix de Rome in Belgium and his father the conductor of the Cape Town University Symphony. As a youngster De Groote toured South Africa performing trios with his father on violin and brother on cello.
 Sirkazhi Govindarajan (Tamil: சீர்காழி கோவிந்தராஜன்; January 19 1933 - March 24 1988) was a leading vocalist in Carnatic Music.Govindarajan was born at Sirkali a small town in Madras Presidency (Present day Tamil Nadu) to Siva Chidambaram and Avayambal Ammal. Sirkali was the birthplace of Thirugnanasambandar one of the Samaya Naalvar and the 63 Nayanmar of the Saiva faith.
 Füruzan Yerdelen (born October 29 1932) is an award-winning self-taught Turkish writer who is highly regarded for her sensitive characterisations of the poor and her depictions of Turkish immigrants abroad.
 Bruno Canino (born 30 December 1935) is an Italian classical pianist and composer.
 Luke Andrew Munns (born 20 September 1980) in the Northern Beaches of Sydney is a musician record producer and songwriter known as the key worship drummer of Sydney based worship band Hillsong United the worship band of Hillsong Church's youth group. Luke was one of original members of Hillsong United but surrendered his position in 2005 to pioneer the rock/indie/folk band Lukas as lead singer/songwriter. He is a member of Hillsong Church Sydney and is a strong Christian believer.
 Anders Kobro is a Norwegian drummer who played in the bands In the Woods... and Green Carnation. He currently plays in Carpathian Forest.
 Werner Mark Linz (6 April 1935 – 9 February 2013) was a German-American publisher who specialised in educational and international publishing in the Americas Europe and the Middle East. He was born in Cologne Germany in 1935. He studied humanities at the University of Frankfurt and continued his education in the United States.
 Rozalie Hirs (Gouda 7 April 1965) is a Dutch composer of contemporary classical music and a poet. Her poetry and music are lyrical as well as experimental. The principal concerns of her work are the adventure of listening reading and the imagination.
 Pralhad Anant Dhond (1908-2001) was an Indian painter and art educator.
 James Mills (born 1932) is an American novelist screenwriter and prize-winning journalist.Mills wrote two New York Times bestsellers Report to the Commissioner a novel and The Underground Empire a study of international narcotics trafficking. As a result he testified before a panel of the House Foreign Affairs Committee as an expert. His books The Panic in Needle Park and Report to the Commissioner were later made into major motion pictures by 20th Century Fox and United Artists.
 Alison Wright (born Summit New Jersey) is an American photojournalist and writer.Alison Wright's work is represented by National Geographic and Corbis. Her photography of endangered cultures and documentation of the human condition has covered all corners of the globe and been published in magazines worldwide.
 Denise Scott Brown (née Lakofski; born October 3 1931) is an American architect planner writer educator and principal of the firm Venturi Scott Brown and Associates in Philadelphia. Denise Scott Brown and her husband and partner Robert Venturi are regarded among the most influential architects of the twentieth century both through their architecture and planning and theoretical writing and teaching.
 Marco Mazzaroppi (San Germano (Cassino) 1550-1620) was an Italian painter.
 Alexander Gillespie Alex Raymond (October 2 1909 – September 6 1956) was an American cartoonist best known for creating Flash Gordon for King Features in 1934.
 Yellow Tanabe (田辺イエロウ Tanabe Ierou born June 13 19?? in Tokyo) is a Japanese manga artist. She was an assistant for Mitsuru Adachi and Makoto Raiku and made her debut in 2002 with the short story Lost Princess. She is best known for the manga series Kekkaishi which has been adapted as an anime television series and translated into many languages.
 Balthasar Klossowski (or Kłossowski) de Rola (February 29 1908 in Paris – February 18 2001 in Rossinière Switzerland) best known as Balthus was a Polish-French modern artist.Throughout his career Balthus rejected the usual conventions of the art world. He insisted that his paintings should be seen and not read about and he resisted any attempts made to build a biographical profile.
 Sheila Bender is an American poet and essayist best known for her popular books on writing instruction.
 Dana Schutz (born 1976) is an artist living and working in New York.Schutz grew up in Livonia Michigan a suburb of Detroit and graduated in 1995 from Adlai E. Stevenson High School (Livonia Michigan). In 1999 Schutz attended the Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture residency program.
 Dick Stabile (May 29 1909 – September 18 1980) was an American jazz saxophonist and bandleader.
 Nathan Morris is an American singer businessman and a founding member of Boyz II Men. Having a low and a high singing register Morris can sing baritone tenor and soprano.
 Katherine Ayres is an American writer of children's literature.Born in 1948 in Columbus Ohio she was raised in Ohio West Virginia and New York. In 1965 she graduated from West Islip High School in West Islip New York. She completed her BA at The College of Wooster in 1969 and her MA at Tufts University in 1974. Her first career was as a teacher and elementary school principal.
 Peter Cooper Wing Commander RAF died 2007 wrote witty detective stories and light verse under the name Colin Curzon. His Not tonight Josephine was anthologized by J. M. Cohen.
 Ronald Ronnie Hawkins (born January 10 1935) is a rockabilly musician whose career has spanned more than half a century. Though his career began in Arkansas USA where he'd been born and raised it was in Ontario Canada where he found success and settled for most of his life. He is considered highly influential in the establishment and evolution of rock music in Canada.Also known as Rompin' Ronnie Mr.
 Sigmar Polke (13 February 1941 – 10 June 2010) was a German painter and photographer.Polke experimented with a wide range of styles subject matters and materials. In the 1970s he concentrated on photography returning to paint in the 1980s when he produced abstract works created by chance through chemical reactions between paint and other products. In the last 20 years of his life he produced paintings focused on historical events and perceptions of them.
 Sardar Gurbachan Singh Talib (Punjabi: ਸਰਦਾਰ ਗੁਰਬਚਨ ਸਿੰਘ ਤਾਲਿਬ (Gurmukhi) a Sikh scholar and author (1911-1986) was born in Munak Sangrur district. He was a lecturer at the Sikh National College at Lahore. At the Banaras Hindu University he held the prestigious Guru Nanak Chair of Sikh Studies. He received the Padma Bhushan in 1985. He received in 1985 the National fellowship by the Indian Council of Historical Research New Delhi.
 Tracey Moberly (born Tracey Karen Wood Tredegar South Wales 1964; formerly married as Sanders-Wood) is an interdisciplinary artist author and radio show host and was also a co-owner of the Foundry in London. She exhibits prolifically and is best known for her work with mobile phone text messages around which her book Text Me Up! is based. Moberly’s art is often described as socio-political.
 Snatam Kaur Khalsa (Punjabi: ਸਨਾਤਮ ਕੌਰ ਖ਼ਾਲਸਾ born 1972 in Trinidad Colorado) is an American singer and songwriter. Kaur performs Indian devotional music kirtan and tours the world as a peace activist. The name Kaur meaning princess is shared by all female Sikhs.
 Paul Anthony Romero is an American computer and video game music composer and classical pianist who has won awards for his work.
 Anna Di Cesare (born Anna Bettozzi on August 14 declared 1959 in Porto Rotondo Olbia Italy) known by her stage name as Ana Bettz is an Italian singer-songwriter dancer and former real estate agent. She became well known for releasing her singles Ecstasy (1998) Who Is It Tonight? (2000) Black and White (2001) Femme (2003) and Freedom (2004) which became well known in countries like Russia France and the United Kingdom.
 Silvia Álvarez Curbelo (born in Ponce Puerto Rico in 1940) is a Puerto Rican historian and writer. She is best known for her book Un país del porvenir: el afán de modernidad en Puerto Rico (Siglo XIX).
 Tarzia Vittachi (September 23 1921 – September 17 1993) a Ramon Magsaysay Award-winning journalist (1959) was born in Colombo Ceylon. He authored two popular columns in the Ceylon Daily News. He later became the youngest editor (at 32) of the oldest newspaper in Asia the Ceylon Observer which was founded in 1834.
 Nalini Singh is a New Zealand author of numerous paranormal romance novels.
 Zara Maria Larsson (born December 16 1997) is a Swedish singer.Zara received national fame for winning the TV4 talent show Talang 2008 the Swedish version of Got Talent. She had a breakthrough with her debut EP album Introducing released in January 2013 with the single Uncover topping the charts in Sweden Norway and Denmark. Both the single Uncover as well as the album Introducing were certified triple platinum in July 2013 by Universal Music Sweden.
 Distance (born Greg Sanders) is a British dubstep producer and DJ notable for being a major proponent of the genre especially since the release of his debut album My Demons in January 2007 released on Planet Mu records. He also founded the record label Chestplate in that year to promote himself and other dubstep artists.
 Ebisa Adunya (circa 1970 – August 30 1996) was an Oromo musician poet singer-songwriter Oromo nationalist political activist and member of the Oromo Liberation Front. A distinguished Oromo singer he devoted himself to the development of the Oromo identy during a time when many of the Oromo people were undergoing an identity-crisis. He is credited for promoting Oromo culture and music.
 Jane Porter (17 January 1776 – 24 May 1850) was a Scottish historical novelist and dramatist.
 Pierre-Jules Renard or Jules Renard (February 22 1864 – May 22 1910) was a French author and member of the Académie Goncourt most famous for the works Poil de carotte (Carrot Top) (1894) and Les Histoires Naturelles (Nature Stories) (1896). Among his other works are Le Plaisir de rompre (The Pleasure of Breaking) (1898) and Huit jours à la campagne (A Week in the Country) (1906).
 John Glenday (born 1952 Broughty Ferry Scotland) is a Scottish poet.
 Egil Remi Jensen (born 6 November 1929) was a Norwegian newspaper editor.He was born in Vennesla. He was hired as a subeditor in the newspaper Fædrelandsvennen in 1957 and was the chief editor there from 1979 to 1995. He chaired the Norwegian Press Association from 1987 to 1989. He has also been a board member of the newspaper Agder.
 Julianna Barwick is an American musician who was born in Louisiana and raised in Missouri. She currently lives in Brooklyn. Her music is built around multiple loops and layers of her voice. Barwick who credits a rural church choir upbringing for her sound begins most tracks with a single phrase or refrain then uses a loop station and the occasional piano or percussive instrument to build the song into a swirling mass of lush ambient folk.
 Christian Albrecht Jensen (26 June 1792 – 13 July 1870) was a Danish portrait painter who was active during the Golden Age of Danish Painting in the first half of the 19th century. Painting more than 400 portraits over the course of his career he depicted most of the leading figures of the Danish Golden Age including the writer Hans Christian Andersen the painter Christoffer Wilhelm Eckersberg the sculptor Bertel Thorvaldsen the physicist Hans Christian Ørsted and the theologian N. F. S.
 Najam Sheraz (Urdu: نجم شیراز) is a Pakistani pop singer song writer music producer composer and a peace activist. He is known for his spirited and powerhouse vocals and for songs that create social awareness.Sheraz’s first Urdu nasheed(Spiritual a cappella) the best seller “Na Tera Khuda Koi Aur Hae” changed his perspective about life; consequently he has dedicated his voice to uniting people for peace and brotherhood.
 Christina Bjordal (born 1980 in Haugesund Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz singer.
 Hans Freiherr von Geyer zu Lauf (January 14 1895 – August 10 1959) was a German painter who was born in Freiburg and grew up in the suburb Günterstal. In 1917 he moved to Dießen am Ammersee and in 1919 to Schönberg on the Hessische Bergstraße. From 1940 he lived again in Freiburg this time in a studio apartment which was destroyed during the air raid on Freiburg in 1944 whereupon he returned to the Bergstraße.
 Lucy Guerin (born 1961) is an Australian dancer and choreographer. Her work is described as post-modern.
 Karli Whetstone born in Ohio United States is an American country music writer and singer.
 Trichy Sankaran (born July 27 1942) is an Indian percussionist composer scholar and educator. He is acknowledged as one of the foremost virtuosos of the mridangam and also plays the kanjira on occasion. Since the early 1970s he has performed and recorded in a number of cross-cultural projects.Sankaran has lived in Toronto since 1971. He is the founder of the Tyagaraja Aradhana in Toronto and is a professor of music at York University.
 Barry Charles Divola (born 16 September 1959) is an Australian journalist columnist and author.
 Margret Wander (born 23 May 1981) better known by her stage name Dessa is a rapper singer spoken word artist and writer from Minneapolis Minnesota. She is a member of the indie hip hop collective Doomtree.
 Justus Hermann Lipsius (1834–1920) was a German classical scholar born at Leipzig professor of the university of his native city after 1869. He was editor of Andocides (1888) and of Demosthenes On the Crown (1884) reviser of Meier and Schömann's Der attische Prozess (two volumes Berlin 1883 1887) and of Schömann's Griechische Altertümer (two volumes Berlin 1897 1901) and author of Attisches Recht und Rechtsverfassung (1905–1912).
 Colin Bailey better known by his stage name Drums of Death is a London-based electronic musician originally from Scotland. His music is a blend of techno house and electro.
 Bidaram Krishnappa (1866–1931) was a musician and composer of Carnatic Indian music in the court of King Chamaraja Wodeyar IX (1862–1894) and King Krishna Raja Wadiyar IV (1884–1940) of the Kingdom of Mysore.Bidaram Krishnappa was a Konkani-speaking Gowda Saraswath Brahmin and a native of Nandalike in modern Udupi district Karnataka. When he was a boy he had a chance encounter with a rich businessman who loved music.
 Romina De Novellis an Italian performer born in Naples (1982) was a longtime resident of Rome.After many years dedicated to dance and theater she graduated from the Royal Academy of Dance de London and continuedher studies at the University of Rome 3. She lives in Paris where she is a PhDstudent in Anthropology et Sociology at the EHESS.
 Sarah Pinborough is an English-born horror writer. Her works have been compared to that of Bentley Little Richard Laymon and Dean Koontz. She also writes fantasy novels for children under the name Sarah Silverwood.
 Meilyr Brydydd ap Mabon (fl. 1100-1137) is the earliest of the Welsh Poets of the Princes or Y Gogynfeirdd (The Less Early Poets) whose work has survived.Meilyr was the court poet of Gruffudd ap Cynan (ca. 1055-1137) king of Gwynedd. He composed a notable awdl farwnad (elegy) on the death of his patron and a marwysgafn on his own approaching end noted for its intensity and depth of feeling.[1] He had a son named Gwalchmai ap Meilyr.
 Odd Kvaal Pedersen (1935 – 1990) was a Norwegian journalist author and translator.He spent the better part of his career as cultural editor of Stavanger Aftenblad.
 Will Ashon (born 1969 Leicester England) is an English novelist former music journalist and founder of the Big Dada imprint of Ninja Tune records. Ashon was educated at Countesthorpe Community College and Balliol College Oxford. In the mid-1990s he worked as a music journalist specialising in hip hop for publications including Trace Muzik Hip Hop Connection Raygun and The Source.
 Albert Lee Tucker (29 December 1914 – 23 October 1999) was an Australian artist and member of the Heide Circle a group of modernist artists and writers that centred on the art patrons John and Sunday Reed whose home Heide located in Bulleen near Heidelberg (outside Melbourne) was a haven for the group.
 Winston Mawdsley Graham OBE (30 June 1908 – 10 July 2003) was an English novelist best known for the Poldark novels series of historical fiction.
 Liao Xiaoyi (simplified Chinese: 廖晓义; traditional Chinese: 廖曉義; pinyin: Liào Xiǎoyì; Wade–Giles: Liao Hsiao-I) or Sheri Liao is a Chinese environmental activist journalist and producer of documentaries whose works are credited with advancing the Chinese environmental movement.
 Aiko Asano (浅野 愛子 Asano Aiko born March 2 1970) is a Japanese actress and singer. In 1987 she played a lead in the Japanese movie Drifting Classroom which was based on a popular horror manga series by Kazuo Umezu. Her music album Silver Doll and her nude photo book The Younger Sister of Summer were released almost simultaneously with the release of Drifting Classroom. Those media led her to considerable fame in Japan in the late 1980s.
 Bessie Pease Gutmann (1876–1960) was an American artist and illustrator most noted for her paintings of putti infants and young children. During the early 1900s Gutmann was considered one of the better-known magazine and book illustrators in the United States. Her artwork was featured on 22 magazine covers such as Woman's Home Companion and McCall's between 1906 and 1920. She also illustrated popular children's books including a notable 1907 edition of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
 Nicholas Nick Conway (born Nicholas Campbell on 26 December 1962) is an English actor. He played Billy Boswell in Carla Lane's popular BBC comedy series Bread. He has also appeared in Starting Out written by Grazyna Monvid Sharpe's Justice When Saturday Comes Coronation Street Telly Addicts and Juliet Bravo. He has featured in many theatre productions and currently runs a theatre school He is also a DJ and voice-over artist. In November 2010 he appeared on Coronation Street.
 Craig Gannon (born 30 July 1966) is an English guitar player. Previously best known for being the second guitarist in The Smiths he is now a composer for film and television.
 Tash (born Sertac Nidai) is a British-Turkish Cypriot singer whose music is an East-meets-West fusion of R&B and Middle Eastern influences. He is the first artist signed to the Sony Music Middle East on a full record deal. Tash released his debut album In The Deep in 2012 with his lead single Habibi Leh; the album heavily trades on Tash's Turkish Cypriot roots.
 Grace Eleanor Hadow OBE (9 December 1875 in Cirencester England – 19 January 1940 Marylebone London) was an author principal of St Anne's College Oxford University and vice-chairman of the Women's Institute (WI).Grace Hadow was born at South Cerney vicarage near Cirencester. In 1888 Grace Hadow won a scholarship to study at Brownshill Court School Stroud England. In 1894 she went to Germany for two years to study language and music.
 Herbert Daly Phillips better known as Herb or Herbie Phillips (April 20 1935 Lincoln Nebraska - September 13 1995 Las Vegas Nevada) was an American jazz trumpeter big band composer and arranger. He was prominent in the Las Vegas music community. He played trumpet in several notable big bands including those of Louie Bellson Buddy Morrow and Billy May but he is better known as the composer of pieces such as Little Train recorded several times by The Buddy Rich Big Band.
 George Segal (November 26 1924 – June 9 2000) was an American painter and sculptor associated with the Pop Art movement. He was presented with a National Medal of Arts in 1999.
 Kreshnik Fazliu (born 5 September 1984) better known by his nick name Mc Kresha is a Kosovar-Albanian rapper. He is one of the most popular music artists in Kosovo who reached to fame after releasing Lyrical Warfare and Lej Flleshat both of which has had over two million views on YouTube. He released his debut album titled Patikat E Mija in 2009 which was a huge hit in Kosovo and Albania.
 John de Ruiter (born November 11 1959) is a Canadian-born philosopher and teacher who conducts meetings and seminars at the College of Integrated Philosophy in Edmonton Alberta. He also teaches worldwide and has produced numerous CDs and DVDs. He is the author of a book entitled Unveiling Reality (Oasis Edmonton 1999).
 Nicolas Salvadori (born in Saint-Ouen-l'Aumône Val-d'Oise France on 27 October 1980) better known by his stage name Seth Gueko is a French rapper. He has released two albums that have charted in France and a number of street albums and mixtapes.
 Clyde Caldwell (born February 20 1948 in Gastonia North Carolina) is an American artist. Self-described as a fantasy illustrator he is best known for his portrayals of strong sexy female characters.With his work at TSR in the 1980s he is considered one of the artists contributing to fantasy art's golden age.
 S-Tone Inc. is multi-instrumentalist jazz musician Stefano Tirone's main musical project. Originating from Milan Italy Tirone has been a professional musician for over twenty years. The first official S-tone Inc. recording was released in 1992 during the acid jazz era a formative time for Tirone who was heavily influenced by the combination of soul jazz and Latin rhythms of the period. He started playing music in the early 1980s during the new wave period.
 Tayo Jarrett (born 28 November 1986) better known as Scorcher is an English grime artist and actor from Enfield North London. He is currently a member of the grime collective The Movement and is signed to Blue Colla Music.
 DJ Irene (born Irene M. Gutiérrez) is an American electronic music DJ and producer.
 Walter Kershaw born 7 December 1940 in Rochdale is an artist in oils and watercolours but is best known for his large scale external mural paintings in towns in northern England and the Americas.
 Rik Offenberger (born January 30 1964) is an American comic book journalist and publicity agent an early utilizer of the Internet for distributing comics news and the public relations coordinator of Archie Comics.
 Darrell Mansfield is an American vocalist harmonica player songwriter recording artist and performer of various genres including gospel contemporary Christian music blues blues rock rock country rock and soul/R&B. He is considered a pioneer of the Jesus Music movement of the 1970s and has influenced countless contemporary Christian music and mainstream artists alike.
 Soap&Skin is the experimental musical project of Austrian artist Anja Plaschg (born 5 April 1990).
 Count Stefan Skarbek is a British-born songwriter producer multi-instrumentalist and singer.
 Robert 'Bob' Jackson (born 6 January 1948 Coventry England) is a keyboardist/guitarist whose career has been interwoven with various rock and pop bands since the early 1970s.
 Patrick Alavi is a German musician and dj specializing in Funk and Electronic.
 TaQuita Thorns (August 24 1986) is an African American singer-songwriter and MTV star from Detroit Michigan.
 David Hobbs also known as Treach DJ and Mr. Mixx is the co-creator of the controversial rap group 2 Live Crew. In recent years he created his own website Collegepeepshowtv.com (now defunct) and has been on the road as Afroman's tour DJ as well as making beats and working with other artists.
 Kazuyuki Sekiguchi (関口 和之 Sekiguchi Kazuyuki born December 21 1955 in Niigata Prefecture) plays the bass guitar for Southern All Stars. As a solo artist he has played ukulele; he is a fan of Hawaiian music. For nearly twenty years Sekiguchi has worked with Akira Sakuma in the Momotaro Dentetsu video game series as a music producer.
 Marti Leimbach (born July 16 1963) is an American fiction writer. Her first novel Dying Young (1990) was an international bestseller and the basis of the film Dying Young starring Julia Roberts Campbell Scott and Vincent D'Onofrio.Marti Leimbach's other novels include Sun Dial Street (1992) and Love and Houses (1997) after which she took time away from writing when her youngest child was diagnosed with autism.
 Mineko Nishikawa (仁支川 峰子 Nishikawa Mineko born May 23 1958 in Aka Fukuoka Japan; real name Fukuda Mineko 福田 峰子) is an actress and Enka singer who scored a number one hit in 1975 with Anata Ni Ageru.
 Jahron Anthony Brathwaite (born July 3 1993) better known under the stage name PartyNextDoor (sometimes styled as PARTYNEXTDOOR) is a Canadian singer from Mississauga Ontario who is signed to Drake's OVO Sound record label. He released his first mixtape on July 1 2013 under OVO Sound.
 Ralph Mercado Jr. (September 29 1941 – March 10 2009) was a promoter of Latin American music — Latin Jazz Latin rock merengue and salsa — who established a network of businesses that included promoting concerts managing artists Ritmo Mundo Musical (RMM) a record label the most important in the Latin industry during the late 1980s and throughout the 1990s as well as a film company nightclubs and restaurants.
 Shishir Ahmed is a Bangladeshi Guitarist multi-instrumentalist & composer who is the Lead guitarist & keyboardist of rock band AurthohinHe is also former GuitaristSong-writer & founder of Progressive Rock band dNA
 Michelangelo di Lodovico Buonarroti Simoni (6 March 1475 – 18 February 1564) commonly known as Michelangelo (Italian pronunciation: [mikeˈlandʒelo]) was an Italian sculptor painter architect poet and engineer of the High Renaissance who exerted an unparalleled influence on the development of Western art.
 Jim Wood the five-time Tennessee State Fiddle Champion was born in Nashville Tennessee on August 28 1964 and raised outside Fairview a little country town twenty-five miles southwest of Nashville. With 160 fiddle and mandolin championships (including fifteen state championships in Tennessee Kentucky and Alabama) between the years 1978 and 2001Wood is one of the most decorated contest fiddlers in history.
 Vince Giordano (March 11 1952 Brooklyn) is a musician and arranger and leader of the New York-based Nighthawks Orchestra. Giordano is the leading American specialist in the jazz styles of the 1920s and 1930s. Vince Giordano & the Nighthawks have performed at countless music festivals and concert dates and have appeared in - and provided music for - dozens of television and film projects including the award-winning HBO series Boardwalk Empire.
 Laurie Calzada is an American entrepreneur speaker television host and author specializing in business innovations and self help. She has launched and sold seven businesses. Currently she is the owner of Sharp Approach and Dynamic Approach. She has written and published two motivational books and hosted a television talk show entitled The Big Money Idea.
 Chinami Tokunaga (徳永 千奈美 Tokunaga Chinami) (born May 22 1992 in Kanagawa Japan) is a member of the J-pop idol group Berryz Kobo.In 2002 Chinami passed the Hello! Project Kids Audition and became a member of Hello! Project.
 Lindi Ortega (born May 28) is a Canadian singer-songwriter from Toronto Ontario. Now living in Tennessee her voice has been described as a blend of Dolly Parton Johnny Cash and Emmylou Harris. She spent nearly a decade as an independent artist in the Toronto music scene releasing two albums and an EP in that time. She has been described as Toronto's best kept secret and nicknamed Indie Lindi.
 Francesco Monteverde (19th century) was an Italian painter mainly genre and landscape painting often with a melancholy air.He was born in Forte Brescia in Lombardy and resided there. He exhibited: Luogo desolato; Piazza della Valle; I curiosi.
 Geoffrey Peter Bede Hawkshaw Tozer (5 November 1954 – 21 August 2009) was an Australian classical pianist and composer. A child prodigy he composed an opera at the age of eight and became the youngest recipient of a Churchill Fellowship award at 13. His career included tours of Europe America Australia and China where he performed the Yellow River Concerto to an estimated audience of 80 million people.
 Joseph M.
 Tom MacIntyre (born 1931 in Cavan) is an Irish poet playwright and writer.Among his works are the poetry books Blood Relations: Versions of Gaelic Poems of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centuries (1972) A Glance Will Tell You and A Dream (1994) Stories of the Wandering Moon (2000) and the plays The Great Hunger directed by Patrick Mason at the Abbey Theatre of Dublin in 1983-6 Caoineadh Airt Uí Laoghaire (1998) (winner of the Stewart Parker Prize) The Midnight Court (1999); and The Gallant John-Joe (2001) which won The Irish Times/ ESB Irish Theatre Best New Play Award in 2002. 
 Ma Ke (simplified Chinese: 马可; traditional Chinese: 馬可; pinyin: Mǎ Kě) (born 1971 in Changchun China) is a Chinese fashion designer. She has two clothing labels: EXCEPTION de Mixmind a ready-to-wear line started in 1996 and retailed in China; and WUYONG an haute couture line founded in 2006. In 2007 Ma Ke starred in the award-winning documentary Useless by Chinese director Jia Zhangke.
 Benjamin Francis Leftwich (born 4 September 1989) is an English singer-songwriter from York.
 Andy Winter is a British comics writer. He is best known for creating Hero Killers with Declan Shalvey which won the Eagle Award for Favourite British Black and White Comicbook.He largely publishes his work through his own Moonface Press.
 Ron Jackson Suresha is an American author and anthologist of books centering on gay and bisexual men's subcultures particularly the Bear community.
 Zubir Said B.B.M. (22 July 1907 – 16 November 1987) was a Singaporean composer originally from the Minangkabau highlands of Indonesia who composed the national anthem of Singapore Majulah Singapura (Onward Singapore). A self-taught musician Zubir also worked as a score arranger and songwriter for Cathay-Keris Film Productions for 12 years composing numerous songs for the company's Malay films.
 Peter Sunman MMus(UWA) BMusEd(UWA) LMusA LTCL GradDipBus(Curtin) is an eminent clarinetist formerly the principal clarinetist of the West Australian Symphony Orchestra (WASO) between 1978 and 1990. He is a state examiner for the Western Australian branch of the Australian Music Examinations Board (AMEB). He was the senior music teacher at Guildford Grammar School in Perth Western Australia. until early 2012 when he went into semi-retirement.
 Jeff Atwood is an American software developer author blogger and entrepreneur. He is known for the programming blog Coding Horror and as the co-founder of the question-and-answer website Stack Overflow and the Stack Exchange Network.
 James Spaniolo is an American rapper from Detroit Michigan. Spaniolo is most commonly known as Jamie Madrox of the rap group Twiztid. Spaniolo is also known as the Multiple Man which serves a purpose due to his different styles.
 Ryan Dusick (born September 19 1977) is the former and original drummer of American pop rock band Maroon 5.
 Liz Anderson (January 13 1927 [1] – October 31 2011) was anAmerican country music singer/songwriter who was one in a wave of new generation female vocalists in the genre during the 1960s to write and record her own songs on a regular basis. Writing in The New York Times Bill Friskics-Warren noted Like her contemporary Loretta Lynn Ms.
 George Seldes (/ˈsɛldəs/ SEL-dəs; November 16 1890 — July 2 1995) was an American investigative journalist and media critic. The writer and critic Gilbert Seldes was his younger brother. Actress Marian Seldes is his niece.Influenced by Lincoln Steffens his career began when he was nineteen years old and was hired at the Pittsburgh Leader.
 Govi is a new age/ambient musician. Each of Govi’s albums have reached the Top 10 on Billboard’s New Age chart.
 Delmar Allen Dale Hawkins (August 22 1936 – February 13 2010) was a pioneer American rock singer songwriter and rhythm guitarist who was often called the architect of swamp rock boogie.[citation needed] Fellow rockabilly pioneer Ronnie Hawkins was his cousin.
 Tobia Polese or Tobias Polese (January 19 1865 - 1905) was an Italian painter. He was born in Torre del Greco in the province of Naples and studied in the Institute of Fine Arts of Naples. He graduated in 1882 and the next two years was able to win bronze and silver medals for his vedute. Among his works: Giovedì santo; Bimbo adorato; Come bolle! and Gioie materne. This last painting was exhibited at Bologna in 1890.
 Bill Scheft (born February 15 1957 Boston) is an American comedy writer and novelist. He is best known for being a staff writer for David Letterman since 1991 during which time he has been nominated for 15 Emmy awards. He ran a weekly humor column The Show in Sports Illustrated from 2002 to 2005.
 Gill Mohindepaul Singh (Chinese: 喬保羅) better known by his Chinese stage name Q Bobo (Chinese: 喬寶寶) is a Hong Kong actor of Indian descent working under TVB.
 Joaquín Cera (born 1967 in Barcelona) is a Spanish comic book writer more famous for his Pafman strip.He studied in the comic school Escola Joso and he began his career in the world of humor when he signed by Editorial Bruguera where he started to draw cartoons in the Mortadelo magazine that soon disappeared along with the editorial.With the creation in 1986 of Ediciones B that inherited the rights of Bruguera publications Cera went on the payroll beginning the most prolific period of his career as a cartoonist. 
 Barry Hunau is an American cartoonist whose cartoons appear weekly in the Jewish News Weekly of Northern California and several times a week in the Jerusalem Post. His work has also been published in the San Francisco Chronicle The Berkeley Daily Planet the Algemeiner Journal and others. His cartoons have been chosen three times for inclusion in Pelican Press's Best Editorial Cartoons of The Year.
 Jane Marie Genevieve Wiedlin (born May 20 1960) is an American musician singer-songwriter and actress. She is best known as the rhythm guitarist of the all-female new wave band The Go-Go's.
 Sable Winters (born June 19 1965 in Shreveport LA and raised to adulthood as a proud Dallas Texas native) is an American singer songwriter jazz vocalist neo-soul singer and recording artist.
 Edwin H. Eddie Kramer was born April 19 1942 in Cape Town South Africa. He is a recording producer and engineer. Kramer has collaborated with several artists now in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. These include The Beatles David Bowie Eric Clapton Jimi Hendrix The Kinks Led Zeppelin The Rolling Stones and Carlos Santana.Kramer has engineered and/or produced records for other well-known artists in various genres.
 Ashanti Shequoiya Douglas (born October 13 1980) is an American recording artist record producer dancer and actress. Ashanti is most famous for her eponymous debut album which featured the hit song Foolish and sold over 503000 copies in its first week of release throughout the U.S. in April 2002. The album set a Soundscan record as the biggest opening week sales for a new female artist outselling debuts by Alicia Keys and Lauryn Hill.
 Sonia Nemksa (Bulgarian: Соня Немска born 16 January 1981) is a Bulgarian pop-folk singer. She is born in Panagiurishte Bulgaria. In 2004 she went to work in Planeta TV making a hit - I want you baby with Sakis Coucos. Later she made some of her greatest hits including *V sriada se prigotvi *S valyachi *Nedei *Onezi Hubavkite *Talisman *Kak sym v liubovta *Purva v tova *A ko ti se plache *Niakakva uteha. She has a 6-year old daughter named Raya.
 Jenny Beck (born 21 March 1978 Stockholm Sweden) is a singer-songwriter. She grew up listening to music from the Sixties & was strongly influenced by legends such as Joni Mitchell The Beatles Simon & Garfunkel & Cat Stevens. She started writing songs in her mid teens and has to date written over 100 songs a selection of which have featured on her both self and label released albums since she started recording in 2003.
 Kanako Mitsuhashi (三橋 加奈子 Mitsuhashi Kanako January 10 1978) is a Japanese voice actress from the Hodogaya-ku ward of Yokohama Japan. Mitsuhashi is probably most known for her roles as Killua Zoldyck from Hunter × Hunter Rico from Gunslinger Girl and Suzuka Asahina from Suzuka. She was married to fellow voice actor Kōji Yusa but recently got divorced.
 Kaori Shimizu (清水 香里 Shimizu Kaori) (born May 21 1983 Tokyo) is a Japanese voice actress. Although she started out voicing young female characters she has recently been typecast as deep-voiced women of experience with mostly calm manners.She is most known as Lain Iwakura in Serial Experiments Lain Hiyori Tamura in the anime version of Lucky Star Signum in Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha and Lamia Loveless in Super Robot Wars
 Devan (R. Mahadevan) (8 September 1913 – 5 May 1957) was one of the twentieth century Tamil writers known for his witty and humorous stories.Devan was a competent and accomplished writer who used several interesting and varied techniques in fiction writing. From travelogues to recipes from detective stories to social dramas he has written them all.
 Dr. Iulius Iancu (Hebrew: יוליוס ינקו‎; born March 24 1920) is a Jewish poet and writer who writes in Romanian.
 Dan Bern (also known as Bernstein; born July 27 1965) is an American guitarist singer songwriter novelist and painter. His music is often compared to that of Bob Dylan Woody Guthrie Bruce Springsteen Phil Ochs and Elvis Costello.He is a prolific composer having written hundreds of songs. He also wrote the novel Quitting Science (2004) under the pen name Cunliffe Merriwether and wrote the preface under his own name.
 Derrick Leon Green (born January 20 1971) is an American musician best known as the frontman of the Brazilian heavy metal band Sepultura joining in 1997 after the departure of group founder Max Cavalera. Allmusic said about the singer: There was a time when the idea of Sepultura recording without Max Cavalera seemed unthinkable. But the incendiary Green turned out to be a fine replacement.
 Anne-Hyacinthe de Saint-Léger de Colleville (1761–1824) was a French novelist and dramatist.
 Pauline Curuenavuli (born 15 October 1982) better known simply as Paulini is an Australian R&B and pop singer songwriter and actress who rose to prominence as a contestant on the first season of Australian Idol in 2003.
 Andrey Ivanovich Dikiy (Russian: Андрей Иванович Дикий; real surname Zankevich; September 3 1893 Haivoron Russian Empire now Ukraine — April 4 1977 New York City USA) was a Russian writer emigre politician and journalist member of Vlasov movement known for his antisemitism as well as anti-Ukrainian sentiment. Dikiy has been described by a Christian essayist Dmitry Talantsev as one of the main theorists of Judophobia.
 Tim Mullen is an American rock drummer. He was the member of the well known metal band- Himsa from 2000 to 2003. Mullen joined Seattle punk rock band Sledgeback in 2009.
 Christine Guldbrandsen (born 19 March 1985 in Bergen Norway) is a singer who is best known internationally for being the Norwegian entrant in the 2006 Eurovision Song Contest. With a crystal-clear voice and an impressive vocal range she is often compared to sopranos like Sissel Kyrkjebø and Hayley Westenra. She has released three albums in Scandinavia Surfing in the Air Moments and Christine. A new album called Colors was released on the 8th of April 2011.
 Noah Gundersen (born May 31 1989 in Olympia Washington) is an American singer-songwriter from Seattle Washington. He is currently working as a solo act but has been the lead vocalist for the bands Beneath Oceans and The Courage (formerly known as Noah Gundersen & the Courage). As a solo artist he has released three EPs and one full-length studio album titled Ledges.
 Robert Brinley Joseph Harris OBE (born 11 April 1946) known as 'Whispering Bob Harris is a British music presenter known for being a host of the BBC 2 music programme The Old Grey Whistle Test and as a co-founder of the listings magazine Time Out. Harris currently broadcasts on BBC Radio 2 two nights a week where his programmes feature mostly American and British rock country and occasional folk music from the 1970s to the present.
 Scott Kildall (born 1969) is an American conceptual artist working with new technologies in a variety of media including video art prints sculpture and performance art. Kildall works broadly with virtual worlds networked art and speculative technologies. His work centers on repurposing technology and repackaging information from the public realm into art. He often invites others to participate in the work.
 Tom Lotherington (born 1950) is a Norwegian poet novelist biographer and translator. He made his literary debut in 1972 with the poetry collection Hverdagsfantasier. He has written the novels Den tredje tjeneren (1985) and Kjødets gjerninger (1989) and biographies on the poets Herman Wildenvey and Harald Sverdrup. He was head of The Norwegian Writers' Center from 2001 to 2005.Lotherington received the Mads Wiel Nygaards Endowment in 1995.
 Abdullah Balak taught at a number of schools and was a professor at Harran University Department of Music. He was closely acquainted with prominent musicians of his period. Balak is notable for his knowledge of the music traditions and makams of Urfa. He has also worked on the compilation categorization and instruction of folk dances and received numerous awards from various organizations for his wide range of achievements.
 Conrad Stephen Susa (April 26 1935 – November 21 2013) was an American composer particularly known for his operas. His 1973 chamber opera Transformations set to texts from the poems of Anne Sexton is one of the most frequently performed operas by an American composer and was one of the featured operas of the 2006 Wexford Opera Festival. His other compositions include choral works and incidental music for various plays. His music is published by the E.C.
 Julie Bindel (born 1962) is an English writer feminist and co-founder of the group Justice for Women which opposes violence against women from a feminist viewpoint.A freelance journalist whose work regularly appears in The Guardian Bindel is described as a Marmite writer as readers are strongly divided on her work. Her primary areas of interest are lesbian rights opposition to the sex industry modern anti-trafficking campaigns and defending female victims of domestic violence.
 Yuri (born Yuridia Valenzuela Canseco on January 6 1964) is a famous Mexican singer actress and TV host. She has maintained a significant presence in the entertainment business in Mexico for the last three decades. Born and raised in Veracruz Mexico she moved to Mexico City in 1977 for a career in entertainment.
 E.G. Kight (born January 17 1966) is an American Chicago blues singer guitarist and songwriter. She has worked with many musicians including George Jones Jerry Lee Lewis Conway Twitty Merle Haggard Luther Allison Hubert Sumlin Pinetop Perkins Taj Mahal B.B. King and Koko Taylor. Kight has recorded seven albums to date and received a number of Blues Music Awards nominations for both contemporary female artist and song of the year.Kight is billed as the 'Georgia Songbird'.
 Giovanni Andrea Ansaldo (1584 – August 18 1638) was an Italian painter active mainly in Genoa.He was born in Voltri now part of the comune of Genoa the son of a merchant. He trained under Orazio Cambiasi and possibly collaborated with Bernardo Strozzi.
 Andrew Wagner is an American film director. Wagner is an alumnus of The Collegiate School. He received degrees in Creative Writing and Psychology from Brown University. He received an M.F.A. at the AFI Conservatory where he was a Directing Fellow.Wagner's production company is Daddy W Productions.
 Krohme (born Chris Moore on August 16 1980) is an American hip hop MC and producer noted for his work with Kool G Rap Obie Trice MF Grimm Atari Blitzkrieg Ron Artest MC Serch Hell-Razah Sean Price Ras Kass C-Rayz Walz and more. His music has been featured on MTV BET HBO and slated to appear in an upcoming 2K Sports game.
 Kristina Bach (born Kerstin Bräuer on 7 April 1962 in Mettmann North Rhine-Westphalia Germany) is a German Schlager singer lyricist and music producer. Bach is noted for her 3 ½-octave vocal range.
 Lakey The Kid or Lake is a rapper from Queensbridge New York. In 1999 Lake was released from prison after serving a seven-year sentence for according to him shooting a guy in the stomach who is said to have reported him to the police.He had been writing rhymes while in prison and attempted to get into the hip-hop industry once he was released. Lake is famously known as a friend and business partner of fellow Queensbridge rapper Nas.
 Varvara or Barbara (Варвара in Russian Cyrillic) is a Russian pop singer.(Varvara should not be confused with Russian pop singer Barbara (Барбара called БARБARA) who released the 2001 album Talisman (Талисман).)
 José Antonio Galisteo García (born 24 February 1977 in Viladecans Barcelona Spain) was a contestant in the fifth season of the Spanish reality television series Operación Triunfo where he placed sixth in a field of 18. He has since gone on to record a 2007 best-selling disc Remember and a follow up album in 2009 called Luces y Sombras.
 Alexander Russell Frater (b Vanuatu 3 January 1937) is a travel writer and journalist.
 Ezra Lee is an Australian singer and pianist.
 Derek Sherinian (born August 25 1966) is an American keyboardist who has toured and recorded for Alice Cooper Billy Idol Yngwie Malmsteen Kiss and Black Label Society. He was also a member of Dream Theater from 1994–99 is the founder of Planet X and also one of the founding members of Black Country Communion.
 Malcolm Robert Andrew McLaren (22 January 1946 – 8 April 2010) was a British musician impresario visual artist performer clothes designer and boutique owner notable for combining these activities in an inventive and provocative way.Raised unconventionally by his grandmother after his father Peter McLaren left the family home McLaren attended a number of British art colleges and adopted the stance of the social rebel in the style of French revolutionaries the Situationists.With a keen eye for trends McLaren realised in the 1970s that a new youth style was needed and largely initiated the punk movement to which he supplied fashions from the Chelsea boutique 'SEX' operated with his girlfriend Vivienne Westwood. 
 Takeshi Kaikō (開高 健 Kaikō Takeshi 30 December 1930 – 9 December 1989) was a prominent post-World War II Japanese novelist short-story writer essayist literary critic and television documentary writer. He was distinguished by his knowledge intellect sense of humor and conversational skills and although his style has been criticized as wordy and obtuse he was one of the more popular Japanese writers in the late Showa period.
 Karen Lee Field (born in 1961 in London England) is an author of fantasy novels for younger readers 9 to 12-year olds as well as adults. She also writes short fiction.Born in the UK Field moved to Australia with her parents in 1969 and settled in Sydney. In 2009 she moved to the Blue Mountains in New South Wales. She works part time for the Australian Government which pays the bills and allows her more time to pursue her writing career. In 2010 she founded her own business Kayelle Press.
 Paolo Francesco Gregoletto (born September 14 1985 in Miami Florida) is an Italian-American bass player for the band Trivium. Gregoletto resides in Pompano Beach Florida. He is Italian on his father's side and American on his mother's side. Well known metal producer Colin Richardson called him the best bassist he has ever worked with.
 Kneel Cohn (born January 12 1976) in The Bronx New York is the primary songwriter lead singer and guitarist for The Dead Stars On Hollywood known for the songs Prozac Smile and Flaunt it Like This.
 Barret Eugene Barry Hansen (born April 2 1941) better known as Dr. Demento is an American radio broadcaster and record collector specializing in novelty songs comedy and strange or unusual recordings dating from the early days of phonograph records to the present.Hansen created the Demento persona in 1970 while working at Los Angeles station KPPC-FM.
 Devon Russell (died 18 June 1997) was a Jamaican rocksteady and reggae singer and record producer who recorded between the 1960s and the 1990s both as a solo artist and as a member of The Tartans and Cultural Roots.
 Kariné Poghosyan is an Armenian pianist residing in New York City. She made her orchestral debut at the age of 14 playing Beethoven's Piano Concerto No.1 and her solo Carnegie Hall debut at 23 and has since gone on to win numerous awards as well as perform in some of the world's most prestigious concert halls.
 Achille Essebac (January 29 1868 – August 1 1936) was a French writer primarily known for his novel Dédé about an ill-fated homoerotic friendship between two schoolboys. Essebac was a pseudonym since his original surname Bécasse is a derogatory word for goose.Essebac was a friend of Jacques d'Adelswärd-Fersen and defended him against accusations of indecency caused by Fersen's penchant for tableaux vivants at his house in Avenue de Friedland.
 Antoni Miralda (Terrassa Spain 1942) is a Spanish multidisciplinary artist.
 Jeanne Cherhal (born 28 February 1978 in Nantes) is a French singer-songwriter.
 Nina Badrić (pronounced [nîna bâdrit͡ɕ] ; born 4 July 1972) is a Croatian pop singer. Before starting her career in the entertainment industry she used to be a bank teller. She began performing in early 1990s exploiting the sudden popularity of dance music but her repertoire gradually became more mainstream. She's also very popular in Serbia Bosnia and Herzegovina Montenegro Slovenia and Turkey. She competed in Dora - Croatian selection for Eurovision Song Contest 4 times.
 Giulio Morina (born 1550 Bologna - died 1609 Mirandola) was an Italian painter active between 1570 and 1609 in Italy.He was pupil of Nicola Sabbatini. His works are preserved in the churches of Bologna.
 Jayceon Terrell Taylor (born November 29 1979) better known by his stage name The Game or simply Game is an American rapper and actor. Game is best known as a rapper in the West Coast hip hop scene and for being one of Dr. Dre's most notable protégés. Born in Los Angeles California he released his first mixtape You Know What It Is Vol. 1 in 2002 and landed a record deal with the independent label Get Low Recordz owned by JT the Bigga Figga.
 Jimmy Owens (born 1943) is a jazz trumpeter composer arranger lecturer and educator. He has played with Lionel Hampton Charles Mingus Hank Crawford Dizzy Gillespie Count Basie Herbie Mann among many others. Since 1969 he has led his own group Jimmy Owens Plus.
 Michihiro Kuroda (黒田 倫弘 Kuroda Michihiro) or Rin (born June 6 1972) to his fans was the lead vocalist in the Japanese group Iceman. The group lasted from about 1996-1999. Since then Michihiro has pursued a solo career. Michihiro has released 10 CDs and videos along with 6 books.In 2006 he teamed up with Iceman guitarist Kenichi Ito once again for a more rock oriented group known as Scarecrow. The group has released a single titled Steal your misery.
 Eric Rohmann is an American writer and illustrator of children's books from Chicago. Born 1957 in Riverside Illinois Rohmann is a graduate of Illinois State University and Arizona State University. He won the 2003 Caldecott Medal for U.S. picture book illustration recognizing My Friend Rabbit and he was a runner-up in 1995 for Time Flies.
 Phanishwar Nath 'Renu' (फणीश्‍वर नाथ रेणु) (March 4 1921 – April 11 1977) was one of the most successful and influential writers of modern Hindi literature in the post-Premchand era.
 David M. Harland is an author and space historian. He lives in Scotland. Previously he was a computer scientist at the University of Glasgow and worked on the Rekursiv project for Linn Products.
 Jerome Foster better known as Knobody is an American music producer and A&R. Knobody has produced records across different genres including soul R&B hip hop and rock for several multi-platinum artists including Jay-Z Ne-Yo Akon The Game Big Pun Mýa and R.E.M.. Knobody worked as an A&R at SRC Records/Universal from 2003 to 2007. Due to the enormous success Akon experienced following the release of his debut album Knobody was recognized as a World Top 10 A&R in 2005.
 Leon Chaino Johnson (1927 – July 8 1999) the self-styled percussion genius of Africa was an American bongo player. After touring for several years on the Chitlin' Circuit he released several albums and became popular with listeners of exotica music in the late 1950s and early 1960s.
 Chromaphase (born 1985 in Lens France; birthname Matthieu Tondeur) is a Shanghai-based video artist. He is known for mixing his own cinematographic footages with graphic creations mainly associated with Electronic live bands and DJs. Performing Digital Art and VJing mainly in Asia. He is considered as one of the most talented VJ in Shanghai. In 2014 He begins to build permanent visual system for venues.
 Federico Zuccari also known as Federico Zuccaro (c. 1540/1541 – August 6 1609) was an Italian Mannerist painter and architect active both in Italy and abroad.
 John Niven is a Scottish author and screenwriter. His books include Kill Your Friends The Amateurs and The Second Coming.
 Maynah Lewis née Mclntire (b. 14 April 1919 in Liverpool Lancashire England – d. 16 July 1988) was a British writer of 23 gothic and romance novels. She is one of only a few authors to have won twice the Romantic Novel of the Year Award by the Romantic Novelists' Association.
 Matt Johnson (born 3 February 1969 Bournemouth England) is a keyboardist who plays for the alternative jazz band Jamiroquai.Matt was aged one and a half when he started playing the piano at his family home. My dad was a musician so there was always music playing in the house but I remember being taught by a scary old piano teacher who must have been over 90 years old.
 Amal Murkus (Arabic: أمل مرقس‎) is a Palestinian singer who lives and performs in Israel. Her post-modern music style has a variety of Mediterranean influences. Her first album Amal was released in 1998 and her second Shauq in 2004. Her songs take inspiration by Palestinian folklore traditional Arabic heritage and pop music elements and express the struggle against the marginalization and exclusion that Arab Palestinian culture feels.cit req
 Sherwood Smith writes fantasy and science fiction for young adults as well as adults. She has participated in and organized writing groups (both on- and off-line) for many years.Smith's works include the YA novel Crown Duel. Smith also collaborated with Dave Trowbridge in writing the Exordium series and with Andre Norton in writing two of the books in the Solar Queen universe.In 2001 her short story Mom and Dad at the Home Front was a finalist for the Nebula Award for Best Short Story.
 Frankie Chan Fan-kei (born 1955) is a Chinese martial arts actor film director producer action director and composer.Chan is best known to Hong Kong action cinema fans as the main antagonist in Sammo Hung's The Prodigal Son where he faces Yuen Biao in the final reel. Chan has starred in a number of modern action films most notably Burning Ambition Outlaw Brothers and Carry On Pickpocket.
 Efrat Gosh (1983 - ) (Hebrew: אפרת גוש‎) is an Israeli singer-songwriter.
 Juan Bautista Sánchez García ( born Nov 24 1963) mostly known as Juan Garcia is a Cuban-American heavy metal guitarist. He is perhaps best known as the guitarist for the thrash metal bands Agent Steel and Evildead and the power metal/speed metal band Abattoir. He is still currently involved with those bands today.
 Dafydd Gorlech (c. 1410 - c. 1490) was a Welsh language poet.Dafydd’s poetry is characterised by prophetic themes. His other surviving work suggests that he was captured alongside Sir Roger Vaughan by Jasper Tudor. Sir Roger was executed whereas Dafydd survived.
 Balakumaran (born 5 July 1946) is a Tamil writer author of over 150 novels 100 short stories and dialogue/screenplay writer for over 14 films. He has also contributed to Tamil periodicals such as Kalki Ananda Vikatan and Kumudam.
 Ryan Joost Van Poederooyen (/vænˈpuːdərɔɪ.ən/; born November 13 1972) is a Canadian drummer. He gained international recognition as a member of progressive metal groups The Devin Townsend Band (2002–2007) and The Devin Townsend Project (2009-). He is the founder of metal bands God Awakens Petrified and Terror Syndrome and is also a member of progressive rock band Ten Ways from Sunday.
 Gerard William Jerry Ford (October 2 1924 – August 24 2008) was an American businessman who founded Ford Modeling Agency with his wife Eileen Ford in 1946 in their apartment on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City.
 Arthur Sarkissian Armenian: Արթուր Սարգսյան (born 11 May 1960) is an Armenian artist and painter.
 Lyndon Maurice Hardy (born 1941) is an American physicist fantasy author and business owner.
 Ashur Bet Sargis (Syriac: ܐܫܘܪ ܒܝܬ ܣܪܓܝܤ) (Born in 2 July 1949) is an Assyrian composer and singer. He became famous in the Assyrian communities worldwide for his nationalistic songs in the 1970s.
 Patricia Bennett (born 7 April 1947 in The Bronx New York) was an original member of the American singing girl group the Chiffons.
 Mahmood Rahman is a Pakistani singer and song-writer and the former member of Overload.
 David Nizam Brownsound Baksh (born July 26 1980) is a Canadian musician singer and producer best known as the ex-lead guitarist of punk rock band Sum 41 but has since become a singer/guitarist in his own heavy metal/reggae project Brown Brigade. He currently plays guitar for Organ Thieves with two of his fellow Brown Brigade members.
 Osamu Takizawa (滝沢 修 Takizawa Osamu 13 November 1906 – 22 June 2000) was a Japanese actor. He was born in Ushigome Tokyo Japan. Starting at the Tsukiji Little Theater Takizawa participated in a number of theatrical troupes before forming Gekidan Mingei with Jūkichi Uno. His was praised for his performance in Death of a Salesman and also directed a version of The Diary of Anne Frank. Perhaps his most notable film role was in Fires on the Plain.
 George Delmetia Beauchamp (March 18 1899 – March 30 1941) was an inventor of musical instruments and a co-founder of National Stringed Instrument Corporation and Rickenbacker guitars.Born in Coleman County Texas Beauchamp performed in vaudeville playing the violin and the lap steel guitar before he settled in Los Angeles California.
 Bosko Kante is a record producer singer and songwriter.
 Kathleen Lindsay (1903 – 1973) was an English author of romance novels. For some years she held the record as the most prolific novelist in history. According to the Guinness Book of World Records (1986 edition where they refer to her as Mary Faulkner) she wrote 904 books under eleven pseudonyms. This record has since been surpassed.
 Elías López Sobá (born in 1927) is a Puerto Rican classical music pianist and educator.
 Björn Nilsson better known by his stage name Kapten Röd (Captain Red in Swedish) is a dancehall/ragga artist and music producer from Gothenburg Sweden.He initially released a single Visa ingen nåd/En storm är på väg in the formation Kungariket with Tommy Tip. Kungariket was often joined by band Majorerna. In 2007 he produced Stjärnorna finns här the debut album for General Knas and Calle P. Kapten Röd.
 Jena Irene Asciutto known professionally as Jena Irene (born July 13 1996) is an American singer from Farmington Hills Michigan who is currently a Top 4 finalist on the thirteenth season of American Idol.
 Zi Zhongyun (simplified Chinese: 资中筠; traditional Chinese: 資中筠; pinyin: Zī Zhōngyún; born June 1930) is a Chinese translator and historian who is an expert on US studies with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. She masters English and French.
 Marianna Laba (born 7 September 1968) is a Ukrainian singer (soprano) Merited Artist of Ukraine soloist of Lviv State Philharmonic and The Lviv House of Chamber and Organ music.
 Danny Wayland Dan Seals (February 8 1948 – March 25 2009) was an American musician. The younger brother of Seals & Crofts member Jim Seals he first gained fame as England Dan one half of the soft rock duo England Dan & John Ford Coley which charted nine pop and adult contemporary singles between 1976 and 1980 including the No. 2 Billboard Hot 100 hit I'd Really Love to See You Tonight.After the duo disbanded Seals began a solo career in country music.
 John Miner is an American rock guitarist.
 Arthur Derek Hill CBE HRHA (6 December 1916 – 30 July 2000) was an English portrait and landscape painter long resident in Ireland.
 Edmundo Ros OBE FRAM (7 December 1910 – 21 October 2011) born Edmund William Ross was a Trinidadian musician vocalist arranger and bandleader who made his career in Britain. He directed a highly popular Latin American orchestra had an extensive recording career and owned one of London's leading nightclubs.
 Robert Raymond McElroy (January 1 1928 – February 22 2012) was an American photographer who is best remembered for documenting the Happenings art movement in New York City during the 1950s and early 1960s.McElroy was born in Chicago. A graduate of Ohio University for nearly 20 years he was a staff photographer for Newsweek. He died aged 84 in White Plains.
 Dan Millice is an American mastering engineer at Engine Room Audio in New York City.
 James Salter (born June 10 1925 New York City) is an American novelist and short-story writer. Originally a career officer and pilot in the United States Air Force he abandoned the military profession in 1957 following the successful publication of his first novel The Hunters.After a brief career in film writing and film directing Salter became a writer's writer in 1979 with publication of the novel Solo Faces.
 Randall Nieman is a musician and entrepreneur. In addition to being a guitarist and percussionist in several bands he has played a variety of exotic instruments including the theremin.Neiman departed the post-rock band Windy & Carl to form Füxa in 1995. He has since collaborated with several artists and outfits including Stereolab Add N to (X) Piano Magic The Telescopes and Kid Rock.In 1998 Ryan Anderson departed Füxa with Neiman turning the outfit into a solo act.
 Jerry Cole (September 23 1939 – May 28 2008) born Jerald Kolbrak was an American guitarist who recorded under his own name under various budget album pseudonyms and as an uncredited session musician.
 Jan Terri (born Janice Spagnolia; June 17 1959) is an American musician from Chicago Illinois. Terri graduated from Columbia College Chicago in 1983 with a degree in broadcast communications and arts and entertainment management and worked as a limousine driver from 1988 to 2002.Terri had also performed at parties for rock musician Marilyn Manson.
 Frédéric Beigbeder (French: [fʁedeʁik bɛɡbeˈde]; born 21 September 1965 at Neuilly-Sur-Seine) is a French writer literary critic and a TV presenter. He won the Prix Interallié in 2003 for his novel Windows on the World and the Prix Renaudot in 2009 for his book Un roman français. He is also the creator of the Flore and Sade Awards. In addition he is the executive director of Lui a French adult entertainment magazine.
 Matthew Herbert (born 1972) also known as Herbert Doctor Rockit Radio Boy Mr. Vertigo Transformer and Wishmountain is a British electronic musician. He often takes sounds from everyday items to produce electronic music.
 Anna Godbersen (born April 10 1980) is an American writer. She is the author of the series The Luxe with The Luxe the first book in the series being her debut novel. The first book in her new series Bright Young Things was released on October 12 2010.
 Joseph Vincent Joe Camilleri (born 21 May 1948 in Malta) aka Jo Jo Zep or Joey Vincent is an Australian vocalist songwriter and saxophonist. Camilleri has recorded as a solo artist and as a member of Jo Jo Zep & The Falcons and The Black Sorrows.
 Yaroslav Horak (Harbin 1927) is an ethnic Czech-Russian then London-based now Australian-based illustrator and comics artist best known for his work on the newspaper comic strip James Bond.
 Antonella Cannarozzi is an Italian costume designer who was nominated for her first Academy Award for I Am Love (2009).
 Domenico Antonio Vaccaro (June 3 1678 – June 13 1745) was an Italian painter sculptor and architect the son and pupil of Lorenzo Vaccaro. Lorenzo was in turn a pupil of Cosimo Fanzago and was part of a large family of artists including Andrea Vaccaro a pupil of Girolamo Imparato. He was active in Naples Italy in an late Baroque style.Domenico Antonio was born in Naples and his body of work is all in or near that city.
 Fábio Moon is a Brazilian comic book artist best known for his work on Casanova. He is the twin brother of fellow comic book artist Gabriel Bá.
 Justin Trosper is an American singer guitarist and songwriter born in Olympia Washington. He fronted the post-hardcore band Unwound from 1991 to 2002. He has also been a member of bands such as Replikants The Young Ginns and Worst Case Scenario. Most of his work has been released on the independent record label Kill Rock Stars.Trosper has been a record producer for several Olympia-area bands primarily at Unwound's self-built recording studio MagRecOne.
 Colin MacDonald (born May 31 1978 in Antigonish Nova Scotia) is a Canadian musician who is best known as the lead singer and rhythm guitarist for the rock group The Trews. His brother John-Angus is also a member of the group as is his cousin Sean Dalton.
 Shawn Colvin (born January 10 1956) is an American singer-songwriter and musician widely known for her Grammy-winning 1997 single Sunny Came Home.
 Dmitry Aleksandrovich Koldun (Belarusian: Дзьмітры Аляксандравіч Калдун; Russian: Дми́трий Алекса́ндрович Колду́н; born 11 June 1985 in Minsk Belarusian SSR USSR) is a pop singer from Minsk Belarus.Koldun participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 and has been the most successful entrant from Belarus to date. His song Work Your Magic was the first Belarusian song to enter the Eurovision final which later achieved sixth place and top chart positions in Eastern Europe.
 Brian Irving is a Canadian screenwriter and filmmaker. As a producer his past projects have included Sabrina the Teenage Witch starring Melissa Joan Hart Total Drama Stoked My Babysitter's a Vampire My Babysitter's a Vampire (TV series) and Really Me. His most notable works as a writer and story editor are: Sabrina The Teenage Witch Redline Deadly Past Vampire Hunter D Rats and Sabotage.
 Major Rajasthani (Punjabi: ਮੇਜਰ ਰਾਜਸਥਾਨੀ) was a noted Punjabi singer-songwriter of East Punjab (Indian Punjab). He was specially known for his sad songs.
 Amazigh Kateb (born September 16 1972 in Staouéli) is an Algerian singer and musician.He emigrated to France in 1988 he was the main figure of the group in Grenoble Gnawa Diffusion (group born in 1992). He is the son of the famous writer Kateb Yacine founder of the modern Algerian literature (Nedjma the circle of reprisals ...). Amazigh also claims Africanism and the mixture of cultures of the Algeria which is neither white nor black.
 Joseph Elmer Yoakum (February 22 1889 – December 25 1972) was a self-taught landscape artist of African-American and Native American descent who drew landscapes in a highly individual style. He was 76 when he started to record his memories in the form of imaginary landscapes and he produced over 2000 drawings during the last decade of his life. His work is an example of what is sometimes called Outsider Art (formerly drawings and paintings of the insane).
 Gwynne Herbert was a British actress stage and film actress.
 Sophie Morgan (born 1979) is a British author and journalist who is a two-time Sunday Times Bestselling author. Her name according to her publisher’s website is a pseudonym. Her publicist describes her as a “21st century woman” who is smart and has a successful journalism career. On social media sites she describes herself as a feminist.
 Zachariah Zach Selwyn (born on April 23 1975) also known as simply Zachariah is an American singer-songwriter actor host and writer best known for his appearances on the series Dream Job Attack of the Show! Catch It Keep It and Punkin Chunkin.Following the release of his country-rock CD Ghost Signs in 2003 Selwyn beat out a potential crowd of over 20000 and appeared on the first season of the ESPN's reality show Dream Job.
 Anton Domenico Bamberini (Florence 1666 - Gramugnana Lucca 1741) was an Italian painter mainly of religious Baroque frescoes in churches completed in a heavily ornamented and stuccoed trompe l'oeil frames and settings.
 Abel Tarride (1865–1951) was a French actor. He was the father of the actor Jacques Tarride and the director Jean Tarride. He played the role of Jules Maigret in the 1932 film The Yellow Dog directed by his son.
 Mario Raphael Delgado (born April 18 1980) better known by his stage name Mars is a Mexican American rapper entrepreneur record producer photographer and actor from the San Francisco Bay Area city of Pittsburg California that often performs with a Hannibal Lecter style mask. He specializes in horrorcore music.
 Pete Cashmore (born 18 September 1985) is the CEO and founder of the popular blog Mashable a Technorati Top 10 blog worldwide. He grew up in Banchory and founded Mashable in Aberdeen Scotland in 2005 at age 19. Cashmore now divides his time between Scotland and the United States.In 2009 Cashmore was recognized in Inc.'s 30 Under 30 Forbes' Top 25 Web Celebs and The Huffington Post's Top 10 Game Changers 2009. He writes a weekly column on technology and social media at CNN.
 Barbara Anderson Lady Anderson (14 April 1926 – 24 March 2013) was a New Zealand fiction writer who became internationally recognized despite only starting her writing career in her late fifties. The bulk of her writing can be seen as being somewhat similar in style that of Anita Brookner Raymond Carver Margaret Drabble and Bernice Rubens.
 Cecilia Pantoja Levi (Tomé Chile 21 October 1943) better known simply as Cecilia is a Chilean singer songwriter member of the nueva ola music movement.
 Shel Israel (born August 1944) is a writer and speaker on social media issues. He co-authored with Robert Scoble the book Naked Conversations How Blogs are Changing the Way Businesses Talk with Customers (John Wiley & Son 2006) and has just released another book with Scoble titled Age of Context.He has completed a second book called Twitterville on business uses for Twitter published in September 2009.
 Lady Linn (Sint-Amandsberg 1981) is the artist name of the Flemish singer Lien De Greef. She does live performances with her group Lady Linn And Her Magnificent Seven. The band brings a mix of jazz pop and soul.
 Steve Turner (born March 28 1965) is an American guitarist most famous for his work with Seattle band Mudhoney.
 Vladimir Galaktionovich Korolenko (Ukrainian: Володимир Галактионович Короленко Volodymyr Halaktyonovych Korolenko; Russian: Влади́мир Галактио́нович Короле́нко) (27 July 1853 – 25 December 1921) was a Russian short story writer journalist human rights activist and humanitarian. His short stories were known for their harsh description of nature based on his experience of exile in Siberia. Korolenko was a strong critic of the Tsarist regime and in his final years of the Bolsheviks.
 Dean Cornwell (March 5 1892 - December 4 1960) was an American illustrator and muralist. His oil paintings were frequently featured in popular magazines and books as literary illustrations advertisements and posters promoting the war effort. Throughout the first half of the 20th century he was a dominant presence in American illustration. At the peak of his popularity he was nicknamed the Dean of Illustrators.
 Tommy Wallach (born December 19 1982) is a writer and musician whose works have appeared in McSweeney's Tin House and ReadyMade. He musically directed an original cabaret musical that won the 2006 NYC MAC Award for Best New Performance.Wallach was born in Connecticut grew up in Seattle and lives in California. In 2005 he graduated from the Gallatin School at New York University.
 Charles Francis Kenny (June 23 1898 – January 20 1992) was an American composer author and violinist. His hit songs include There's A Gold Mine In The Sky and Love Letters in the Sand and Laughing at Life and Because It's Your Birthday Today which he wrote with his brother Nick Kenny. The birthday song was made popular on the Our Gang episode Practical Jokers.
 Pradeep Barot (born 1953) is a sarod maestro based in Bombay India. Born to a gifted clarionet player Mohan lal Barot Pradeep from a young age displayed immense musical talent.At the age of fourteen Barot was accepted as a student by the legendary sarodya Vasant Rai. For five years Vasant taught Barot and groomed him to be a formidable performer.
 Liz Story (born on October 28 1956) is an American multiple Grammy Award nominee pianist and composer. She was born in San Diego California. Story began her musical training as a young child mastering Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 11 by the age of 11. After studying at Juilliard School and Hunter College she attended a performance of the jazz pianist Bill Evans at the Bottom Line in New York City.
 Jean Martinelli (1910–1983) was a French actor.
 Brian Courtney Wilson is an American gospel and CCM singer.
 Etel Adnan (born 24 February 1925 in Beirut Lebanon) is a Lebanese-American poet essayist and visual artist. In 2003 MELUS the journal of the Society for the Study of the Multi-Ethnic Literature of the United States called Adnan arguably the most celebrated and accomplished Arab American author writing today. She currently lives between Paris France and Sausalito California.
 Ernie Lancaster (born 1953) is an American electric blues and blues rock guitarist and songwriter. He has released two solo albums since 1991. Lancaster has the ability to vary his style between strict blues and rock jazz soul and pop.He has cited his influences as Roy Buchanan Stevie Ray Vaughan and John Lee Hooker.
 John Miller (born March 10 1968 in Toronto Ontario) is a Canadian writer and consultant. He has published two novels to date and his second novel won the Martin and Beatrice Fischer Award for Fiction from the Canadian Jewish Book Awards in 2008.
 Takeshi Watabe (渡部 猛 Watabe Takeshi March 21 1936 – December 13 2010) was a Japanese voice actor. He was born in Kōchi Prefecture. He usually played villains and performed the voices for many anime characters and tokusatsu villains. He is most famous for voicing Kaminari in Doraemon. He took over the ongoing roles of Shingo Kanemoto after his death.He also wrote an instructional book about voice acting Seiyū Naritai.Watabe died due to pneumonia at the age of 74.
 Levon Pashalian (in Armenian Լեւոն Բաշալեան) (born 1868 Constantinople Ottoman Turkey - died 1943 Vichy France) is a famed Armenian short story writer journalist editor novelist and politician.
 Paul Lennart Hellsing (born 5 June 1919) is a Swedish writer and translator. For his lasting contribution as a children's writer Helsing was a finalist in 2010 for the biennial international Hans Christian Andersen Award the highest recognition available to creators of children's books..Born in Västanfors in Västmanland County Sweden he is the son of the merchant Paul Hellsing and Sigrid Hellsing née Rohloff whose mother was a mulatto from West India.
 Stevie Stone is an American rapper. He is signed to Tech N9ne's Strange Music record label. He has released three studio albums with his most recent being 2 Birds 1 Stone which was released on August 13 2013.
 Alfreda Gerald is an American vocalist born in Morganton North Carolina. Upon graduating from college Gerald sang professional opera with the London Philharmonic Orchestra the New York Philharmonic Orchestra and the North Carolina Symphony Orchestra. She has both a classical and R&B background and has toured and/or recorded with such artists as Warren Haynes Wes King Spectrum The Gap Band Deleon Richards Michelle Malone and Taliesin Orchestra.
 Mike Howe is an American heavy metal singer from Taylor Michigan who performed with the groups[Snair] Heretic and Metal Church.
 Jeff Watson (born November 5 1956 in Sacramento California) is an American guitarist originally known as one of the founding members and lead guitarist of the band Night Ranger in which he has played as co-guitarist with guitarist Brad Gillis. He has also released solo albums. In 2007 he left the band to pursue more challenging opportunities and Reb Beach replaced him on tour.
 Jean Dufaux (French: [dyfo]; born 7 June 1949) is a Belgian comic book writer. Initially beginning his professional career as a journalist for CINÉ-PRESSE Dufaux started writing comic books in the 1980s. Perhaps his most well-known and certainly his most long-running series is Jessica Blandy.
 Adrian Anantawan is a Canadian violinist. Anantawan who began studying violin at age nine. He has performed with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra and at the White House. He is an alumnus of the Etobicoke School of the Arts in Canada the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia Yale University and the Harvard Graduate School of Education. Growing up in the neighbourhood of Clarkson in Mississauga Ontario Canada he attended St. Christopher's Elementary School and is a member of the St.
 Mark Spicoluk is a Canadian musician producer music executive entrepreneur and television personality. He is best known as the vocalist and bassist for the punk rock band Closet Monster and currently as a judge on YTVs The Next Star. He is also known as the founder of the indie record label Underground Operations playing bass with Avril Lavigne and his co-production credits on albums by artists such as Protest the Hero Abandon All Ships Stereos and DVBBS.
 Martin Oliver is a British author of children's books. He recently gained notoriety online via the Huffington Post after an 8-year old girl had his books Girls Only: How to Survive Anything and Boys Only: How to Survive Anything pulled from bookstore shelves for claims of sexism.
 Doug Sandom (often misspelled Doug Sanden; born 26 February 1930) is a British drummer who was the original drummer for the English rock band The Who. During the infancy of the band's career while they were playing as The Detours (around mid-1962) Sandom a bricklayer joined as drummer. However while the other members of the group were in their late teens Sandom was already in his early thirties and the difference in age eventually made him something of an outcast in the group.
 Rowby Goren is a writer specializing in comedy. He was a part of the writing team of the comedy series Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In created by George Schlatter. Goren's writing talents range from variety shows to situation comedy game shows cartoons as well as directing Joe Roth and Neal Israel's comedy feature Cracking Up. Goren was a part of Joe Roth and Neal Israel's cult video Tunnel Vision. Goren won an Emmy for writing Hollywood Squares.
 Donald Joseph Turnbull (2 June 1937 – 5 August 2003) was a journalist editor games designer and an accomplished piano and pinball player. He was particularly instrumental in introducing Dungeons & Dragons into the UK both as the Managing Director of TSR UK Ltd and as the editor of the Fiend Folio.Turnbull married four times and had two children.
 Athena Lee Yen is a Taiwanese actress who graduated from the New Taipei Municipal Jui-Fang Industrial High School.
 Karen Kilimnik (born 1955 in Philadelphia) is an American painter and installation artist.
 Gabriele Tinti is an Italian poet and writer.
 Tom Browne (born October 30 1954 Queens New York United States) is an American jazz trumpeter who rose to prominence first through his early work with Sonny Fortune and scored two major hits in 1980 and 1981: the No. 1 US Billboard R&B single Funkin' for Jamaica (N.Y.) and the No. 4 US R&B single Thighs High (Grip Your Hips and Move).
 Scott Russell Sanders (born 1945 in Memphis Tennessee) is an American novelist and essayist.Sanders has won acclaim for his skill as a personal essayist. He is a contributing editor to Audubon magazine and won the John Burroughs Natural History Essay Award in 2000. A frequent public lecturer his essay The Force of Spirit which opens his 2000 book of essays by the same title was first given as a lecture before the Orion Society's Millennium Conference in 1999.
 Robert Solli Burås (12 August 1975 – 12 July 2007) was a guitarist and songwriter in the Norwegian rock band Madrugada. He was also a founding member of the band My Midnight Creeps where he played guitar and was lead singer.On 12 July 2007 Burås was found dead in his apartment by a friend with his guitar in his hand. After a ceremony in Sofienberg Church in Oslo he was cremated. His ashes lie at Bjerkvik Cemetery in Nordland Norway.
 Steve Lynch (born 1955 Seattle Washington) is an American hard rock/heavy metal guitarist also known as The Two-Handed Guitarist as well as a guitar instructor for G.I.T. which is the famous guitar department in the Musician's Institute situated in Los Angeles.
 Martin Perscheid (born February 16 1966 in Wesseling Germany) is a German cartoonist. His drawing style resembles that of Gary Larson.His works have been published since 1994 in various German newspapers and magazines since 1996 under the title Perscheids Abgründe (“Perscheid's Abyss”). Of his many honors he was winner of the Max and Moritz prize of 2002 for the best German-language Cartoon Series as well as the Kulturplakette (Culture Award) from his hometown of Wesseling.
 Roman Tam known by the stage name Lo Man (羅文) nickname Law Kee (蘿記) (12 February 1945 – 18 October 2002) was a renowned Hong Kong Cantopop singer. He is regarded as the Godfather of Cantopop.
 Jorge Enrique Ruffinelli Altesor (born 1943 in Uruguay) is a Uruguayan academic and critic.
 Michael Prabawa Mohede (born November 7 1983) better known as Mike is an Indonesian singer and the winner of the second season of Indonesian Idol.He represented Indonesia in Asian Idol losing to Hady Mirza of Singapore Idol.
 Vincent Paul Davies (born 14 July 1968) is an English actor.Davies has lived in the Manchester area all of his life and has appeared in many Manchester-based television programmes. These include the acclaimed drama Vincent alongside Suranne Jones and Ray Winstone and Conviction a murder-based drama set in the North-West. Also he has appeared in many feature-length films including Who Killed Simone Valentine? and Everybody Loves Sunshinealongside David Bowie and Goldie.
 Bairu Raghuram (born 1949) is an Indian painter. His depictions are simple rural life and woman in their daily life. He is mostly inspired by the tranquillity of rural Telangana.
 Beth Jeans Houghton is a singer-songwriter from Newcastle upon Tyne who plays sweet and gentle folk music described also as an anti-folk songstress who mixes angelic vocals and acoustic guitar with samples keyboards and glam rock elements for a sound that's more fantastical than down to earth.
 William Richard Billy Thorpe AM (29 March 1946 – 28 February 2007) was a renowned English-born Australian pop / rock singer-songwriter and musician. As lead singer of his band Billy Thorpe & the Aztecs he had success in the 1960s with Blue Day Poison Ivy Over the Rainbow Sick and Tired and Mashed Potato; and in the 1970s with Most People I Know Think That I'm Crazy.
 Tyler Shipley is a songwriter musician and political activist from Winnipeg Manitoba. He is best known for a political pop band called The Consumer Goods who have released four records since 2005 toured across Canada and received moderate acclaim in North America and Europe.
 Grenville Kleiser (1868-1935) was a North American author. Grenville Kleiser was born in 1868 in Toronto Canada. He married Elizabeth Thompson in 1894. Grenville died in August 1935 in New York City. He was the author of a long list of inspirational books and guides to oratorical success and personal development. Kleiser also worked as an instructor in Public Speaking at Yale Divinity School Yale University.
 Krister Axel (born May 14 1974) is a French musician poet and software engineer.
 Tomoe Ohmi (近江 知永 Ōmi Tomoe born October 13 1982) is a Japanese voice actress and singer with RAMS/evolution. She is from Saitama Prefecture Japan. She received training from the Japan Narration Acting Institute (日本ナレーション演技研究所 Nippon Narēshon Engi Kenkyūjo) and RAMS Professional Education. She made her debut as a voice actress in the anime television series School Rumble. Her first musical release was the single Utakata and her last is Girlfriend.
 Walter Dalrymple Maitland Bell (1880–1954) known as Karamojo Bell was a Scottish adventurer big game hunter in East Africa soldier decorated pilot sailor writer and painter.Bell was an advocate of the importance of shooting accuracy at a time when maximum firepower was the most common technique. He improved his shooting skills by careful dissection and study of the anatomy of the skulls of the elephants he shot.
 Guitar teacher for various public and private educational establishments for over a decade Dominique Blais was also involved in more than fifty recording projects in Montreal Toronto Moncton Edmundston New York and Los Angeles.In addition to have worked at Steve Vai's personal home studio in Hollywood and been guitar player for Radio-Canada (CBC) Television Dominique has also produced several albums; some of these he has promoted for airplay on several radio stations across Canada whilst others had been nominated for awards at the Canadian Country Music Awards and the East Coast Music Awards.Until 2003 while Vice-President of The Show Must Go On Productions a concert promotion company based in Canada and USA he organized and promoted many concerts and special events and toured with North American and European artists both in Canada and in the USA. 
 Lillian Cotton (1892–1962) was an American artist known for her portraits especially of high-society figures and well-known actors writers and artists of her day.Lillian Cotton was born and raised in Boston Massachusetts. Her father was Nathaniel Hugh Cotton a West Indies shipping merchant born in Barbados and her mother was Harriet Emma Clapp.
 Alex Massie (born 1 July 1974) is a Scottish freelance journalist and libertarian commentator based in Edinburgh.
 Ernst Wolfgang Kirchbach (born London England 18 September 1857; died Bad Nauheim 8 September 1906) was a German critic and writer.
 Peter Pete Sears (born 27 May 1948 Bromley Kent) is an English rock musician. In a career spanning more than four decades he has been a member of many bands and has moved through a variety of musical genres from early R&B psychedelic improvisational rock of the 1960s folk country music arena rock in the 1970s and blues.
 LehtMoJoe is an American music producer and artist.
 Tahir Shubab (Persian/Pashto: طاهر شباب) also spelled as Taher Shabab and Taher Schubab is a singer from Afghanistan. He is based in Frankfurt Germany. Tahir Shubab's brother Sediq Shubab is also an artist.Tahir Shubab was born in Jalalabad in the nangarhar Province of Afghanistan. His Family hails from Panjsher in the Kohistan/Parwan region of Afghanistan. After completing his first two years of school in Jalalabad Tahir's family moved to Kabul for education and later moved to Ghazni.
 Clint Warwick (25 June 1940 – 15 May 2004) born Albert Clinton Eccles was the original bassist for the rock band The Moody Blues.
 Professor Radha Krishna Choudhary (15 February 1921 - 15 March 1985) was a historian thinker and writer of Bihar. He has contributed to the historical and archaeological studies of Bihar as well as to Maithili literature. He published numerous original researches on the history of Bihar and was acclaimed as a researcher. He was a professor at Ganesh Dutt College Begusarai Bihar and was a noted educationist.
 Thomas Henry Harri Jones (1921–29 January 1965) was a poet and university lecturer in Britain and Australia. Born in Wales he wrote in English.
 Brian McFadden is an American cartoonist who started on GeoCities in 2001 created Big Fat Whale and became a featured artist at The New York Times in 2011.
 Colette Deréal (born Colette Denise de Glarélial 22 September 1927 in Saint-Cyr-l'École Seine-et-Oise (now Yvelines) France and died 12 April 1988 in Monaco) was a French actress and singer.
 Guje Lagerwall born Gun-Marie Sjöström January 13 1918 in Stockholm is a Swedish actress.She is the daughter of film director and actor Victor Sjöström and actress Edith Erastoff-Sjöström. She was since 1940 married to actor Sture Lagerwall. She has also worked under the name Guje Kanter.
 Meary James Thurairajah Tambimuttu (15 August 1915 – 23 June 1983) was a Tamil poet editor critic and publisher.
 Michael Bormann is a German vocalist. Since the first recording he had made with a band he has been involved with several groups as their lead vocalist having accepted contracts to record his vocals on albums rather than being a full time member of the bands. However he was a founding and longtime member of Germany's hard rock band Jaded Heart.
 J.C. Hutchins is the pseudonym for American podcast novelist and journalist Chris Hutchins. Hutchins is best known for his 7th Son series.
 Ryujin Kiyoshi (清 竜人 Kiyoshi Ryūjin born 27 May 1989) is a Japanese singer and songwriter. He debuted as a major label artist in 2009 with the single Morning Sun. He is best known for this song as well as writing Yui Horie's 2011 single Immoralist.
 Buddy Whittington is an American guitarist. He began playing the guitar inspired by his sister's records of The Beatles Rolling Stones and in particular John Mayall's Bluesbreakers with Eric Clapton. At the age of 14 he was already a part of the Dallas/Fort Worth music scene and playing regularly in the clubs along Jacksboro Highway.
 Olof Sandborg (April 30 1884 in Göteborg – March 26 1965 in Stockholm) was a Swedish stage and film actor. He won the Eugene O'Neill Award in 1962.
 Carl E. Chucky Thompson is a hip hop/R&B record producer. Thompson was a member of Bad Boy Entertainment's Hitmen team of in-house producers during the 1990s and worked with Bad Boy mogul Sean Combs on material for artists such as The Notorious B.I.G. and Mase. He was responsible for album productions for such projects as Mary J. Blige's My Life and Faith Evans' debut Faith.
 Wang Lung Wei (王龙威) (born 1947) also known as Johnny Wang is a Chinese actor director producer and action choreographer who has starred in over 80 kung fu films mainly for Shaw Brothers Studios. Wang's first Shaw Brothers film role was as the traitor Ma Fu Yi in the Chang Cheh-directed film Five Shaolin Masters. This became a pattern in that he was cast as the villain in the majority of his movies with Martial Club being a famous exception.
 Brita Maret Sofia Jannok born 15 September 1982 is a Swedish Sami singer and reindeer owner from Gällivare Sweden. She mainly sings joiks in Sami. As a reindeer owner she works against the preservation of the major predator species in Sweden the near extinct Grey Wolf. As a singer she has performed mostly in Scandinavia and in May 2010 she toured in China.
 Josh Werner (born September 17 1974) is an American bassist producer and songwriter.
 Olivier Coipel is a French comic book artist known for his work on books such as House of M Legion of Super-Heroes andThor.
 Jose Medeles is an American musician currently based in Portland Oregon. Opened Revival Drum Shop in 2009. A shop dedicated to vintage and custom drums. Currently leads 1939 ENSEMBLE a drums vibraphone & noise duo.
 Damon Smith better known as Smoothe da Hustler is an American rapper who was signed to Profile Records in the mid-1990s.Smoothe came to prominence in 1995 with his debut single Broken Language a duet with his little brother Trigger tha Gambler. The song became an instant classic in the hip-hop community for both rappers trading verses for almost four minutes with no hook and innovative wordplay which earned them a Hip Hop Quotable in the November 1995 issue of The Source.
 Statius Caecilius also known as Caecilius Statius (c. 220 BC - c. 166 BC) was a Roman comic poet.A contemporary and intimate friend of Ennius he was born in the territory of the Insubrian Gauls probably in Mediolanum and was probably taken as a prisoner to Rome (c. 200) during the great Gallic war. Originally a slave he assumed the name of Caecilius from his patron probably one of the Metelli.
 Tore Thorvaldsen Sandbakken (born 14 May 1985 in Trondheim Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (drums) and composer living in Oslo and known from collaborations in a number of bands ranging from free improvised music to modern jazz.
 Elizabeth Chambers is a British actress best known for her portrayal of Domenica Van Meyer in the 1980s drama series Tenko. She has also appeared in The Bill The Onedin Line and One Foot in the Grave.
 Lai Man-Wai (Chinese: 黎民偉; pinyin: Li Minwei; 1893–1953) now known as Father of Hong Kong Cinema was the director of the first Hong Kong film Zhuangzi Tests His Wife (莊子試妻) in 1913. In the film Lai played the role of the wife partly due to the reluctance of women to participate in show business at the time.
 Jan Novotný (June 17 1929 – January 23 2005) was a Czech glass artist painter and art teacher.
 Nandini Srikar is an Indian singer composer and guitarist.
 Remon Stotijn is a Dutch singer member of the band Postmen.
 Gentiana Genta Ismajli (born April 12 1984 in Gjilan Kosovo) is an ethnic Kosovar-Albanian singer-songwriter and actress.
 Mike Moreno (born October 8 1978) is a jazz guitarist and composer from Houston Texas. The JazzTimes describes Moreno's sound as lyrical containing spacious phrasing and luminous tone.According to an NPR interview in 2008 Moreno's main musical influences include the trumpeter Freddie Hubbard the saxophonist Wayne Shorter and the pianist Herbie Hancock as well as the guitarists Pat Metheny and Bill Frisell.
 Antonio Balestra (12 August 1666 – 21 April 1740) was an Italian painter of the Rococo period.Born in Verona he first apprenticed there with Giovanni Zeffio. By 1690 he moved to Venice where he worked for three years under Antonio Bellucci then moved to Bologna and then to paint in Carlo Maratta's workshop in Rome. In 1694 he won a prize from the Accademia di San Luca. He later painted both in Verona and Venice; although his influence was stronger in the mainland.
 Alexis Texas (born May 25 1985) is an American pornographic actress. She began her career in pornography in 2006 at the age of 21.
 Christopher Elias Heiss (1660–1731) was a German painter from Memmingen Swabia. Born in 1660 (although many books sources claim 1670 or even 1760) he painted portraits well he was mostly distinguished by his mezzotintos which he executed on an uncommonly large scale some of his plates being three feet high and two feet wide.
 Jim Keller is a musician who was one of the founders the lead guitarist and supporting vocalist for the American rock band Tommy Tutone based in San Francisco CA and was co-writer of that band's most famous single 867-5309/Jenny. The song was cowritten in the spring of 1981 by Alex Call and Jim Keller. Alex Call came up with the name number and chords. He and Jim Keller created the story line. Neither expected that the song would become a hit.
 Kaleth Morales (9 June 1984 – 24 August 2005) was a Colombian vallenato singer and songwriter best known as the leader of the Nueva Ola (New Wave) movement in Vallenato having released singles such as Vivo en el Limbo.
 Kascha Papillon (born December 8 1967) is an American former adult model. pornographic actress adult entertainer and magazine skin model in the closing years of the Golden Age of Porn. She was frequently billed simply as Kascha. She was best known for her exotic looks and for having had just one partner in most of her adult film work.In 2011 Complex magazine ranked her at #10 in their list of “The Top 50 Hottest Asian Porn Stars of All Time.”
 Vance E.
 James Hume Nisbet (8 August 1849 – 4 June 1923) was a Scottish-Australian author and artist.Nisbet was born at Stirling Scotland and received special artistic training and was educated under the Rev. Dr. Culross (later of Bristol College) up to the age of fifteen.
 Will Wheaton born Willie Mack Wheaton Jr. (born October 26 1972) is an American singer/songwriter and musician. He grew up in Los Angeles California and is the son of Gospel singer Juanita Wheaton.
 Kenneth Martin Ken Follett (born 5 June 1949) is a Welsh author of thrillers and historical novels. He has sold more than 130 million copies of his works. Many of his books have reached the number 1 ranking on the New York Times best-seller list including Fall of Giants The Key to Rebecca Lie Down with Lions Triple Winter of the World and World Without End.
 Wazir Agha (Urdu: وزیر آغا ‎) was a Pakistani Urdu language writer poet critic and essayist. He has written many poetry and prose books. He was also editor and publisher of the literary magazine Auraq for many decades. He introduced many theories in Urdu literature. His most famous work is on Urdu humour. His books focus on modern Urdu poets notably those who have written more poems instead of ghazals.
 Jess Stearn (April 26 1914 – March 27 2002) was a journalist and author of more than thirty books nine of which were bestsellers. Stearn was born in Syracuse New York to David Stearn a rabbi. He graduated from Syracuse University and became a journalist for the New York Daily News and later an associate editor for Newsweek.As an author Stearn specialized in sensationalist speculative non-fiction.
 P.S. Harrison (1880 — 22 October 1966) known popularly as Pete Harrison founded the motion picture trade journal Harrison's Reports which was published weekly from 5 July 1919 until 11 August 1962. Until 1959 he was the publisher and chief reviewer.
 J.T. Ellison is an American thriller and mystery author. She has written eleven critically acclaimed novels including The Final Cut with Catherine Coulter Edge of Black and A Deeper Darkness. She is also the author of multiple short stories and her novels have been published in more than twenty countries. Ellison currently resides in Nashville Tennessee.
 Charles Pierre Baudelaire (French: [ʃaʁl bodlɛʁ]; April 9 1821 – August 31 1867) was a French poet who also produced notable work as an essayist art critic and pioneering translator of Edgar Allan Poe. His most famous work Les Fleurs du mal (The Flowers of Evil) expresses the changing nature of beauty in modern industrializing Paris during the 19th century.
 Dario Robayo born in Cumaral Meta Colombia in 1959 is a música llanera harpist. He began his study of the llanera harp at an early age. In Bogota he studied music at the Luis A. Calvo Music School with the noted teacher and composer Samuel Bedoya in addition to his career as a professional harpist.
 Stephen Williams (born 1964) is an English tailor and fashion designer the establisher of his brand Terence Trout tailoring house Bespoke HQ. He previously worked with Giorgio Armani Calvin Klein and DKNY and he ran the Paul Costelloe Menswear line.
 Reginald Grenville Eves (24 May 1876 - 13 June 1941) was a British painter who made portraits of many prominent military political and cultural figures between the two world wars.Eves was born in 1876 the son of William Henry Eves a London JP. He was educated at University College School and later at Slade School of Fine Art where he studied under Alphonse Legros Frederick Brown and Henry Tonks. He was elected as an Associate of the Royal Academy in 1933 and a Royal Academician in 1939.
 Andrew Whiteman (born David Andrew Patrick Whiteman) is a Canadian musician and songwriter. Forming the Bourbon Tabernacle Choir in Toronto out of high school he eventually left the band in 1993 after eight years.
 Ed Waters (September 23 1930 — October 30 2004) was an American writer for screen and television.He co-wrote Sorority Girl wrote an episode of the television series The Lieutenant and won an Emmy in 1976.
 Adam Rayner born in 28 August 1977 in Shrewsbury is an English actor who has appeared on television in Mistresses At Home with the Braithwaites and Making Waves. He has also appeared on stage in The Rivals (Bristol Old Vic 2004) Romeo and Juliet (Royal Shakespeare Theatre 2006) and Much Ado About Nothing (Novello 2006).He made an appearance as 'Dr.
 James Lee Fankhauser (born August 1939 Lyons Kansas) is an American conductor tenor and educator who is primarily known for his work within the field of choral music in Canada. In 1973 he was appointed the music director of the Vancouver Cantata Singers (VCS) remaining in that position until 2000. Under his leadership the VCS won several notable music competitions including the BBC International Choral Competition and the CBC National Radio Competition.
 Jasper Johns Jr. (born May 15 1930) is an American contemporary artist who works primarily in painting and printmaking.
 Koji Nakamura (中村 弘二 Nakamura Kōji born September 28 1977) is a Japanese musician who is most famous for being the lead singer/songwriter in the Japanese band Supercar. His music style in general involves drone-like guitar riffs and mixed in raw electronica. He presently records music under the names iLL and Nakamura Koji and also participates in a band called Lama.
 Neil Bourguiba (Arabic:نيل بورقيبه ) is a Swedish actor. His mother is Swedish and Tunisian and his father is Tunisian. He is great grandson to the Tunisian politician Habib Bourguiba. Bourguiba is best known for playing Wilhelm Beck in the films about Martin Beck.
 Diane Beck is an English actress who trained at RADA. Diane has appeared in Peak Practice Coronation Street and Tipping The Velvet'. Her stage work includes productions for the Royal Shakespeare Company and the Royal National Theatre where she played Jo in 'The Good Hope'. In 2005 she played Emily Brontë in a national tour of Bronte.
 Kamerra Franklin (born June 7 1987) is an African-American singer from Houston Texas. She is more popularly known as Kam Franklin. She is the lead singer for the Houston rocksteady group The Suffers. She has had a successful career as a backing vocalist and dancer for many artists around the world. She has previously toured with Heptic Skeptic and The Very Best.Kam Franklins's debut EP Bamitskam was released on June 12 2008.
 Lizette Santana (born September 20 1980) better known by her stage name Lizé is an American recording artist singer songwriter musician record producer and actress.
 Maarten 't Hart (born 25 November 1944 in Maassluis) is a Dutch biologist who studied zoology and ethology at the University of Leiden and taught that subject before becoming a full-time writer in the 1980s having made his debut as a novelist in 1971 under the name Martin Hart with Stenen voor een ransuil (Stones for a Long-Eared Owl).He is the author of many novels including Het Woeden der Gehele Wereld and De kroongetuige.
 Hidenori Tokuyama (徳山 秀典 Tokuyama Hidenori born January 30 1982) is a Japanese actor and singer from Tokyo. A fan of tokusatsu Tokuyama has had a role in several series most notably Sou Yaguruma/Kamen Rider TheBee/Kamen Rider KickHopper in Kamen Rider Kabuto and Hiroto Sutō/Go-on Gold in Engine Sentai Go-onger.
 Max De Pree (born 28 October 1924) is businessman and American writer. A son of D.J. De Pree founder of Herman Miller office furniture company he and his brother Hugh De Pree assumed leadership of the company in the early 1960s Hugh becoming CEO and president in 1962. Max succeeded his brother Hugh as CEO in 1980 and served in that capacity to 1987 and he was a member of the company's Board of Directors until 1995.His book Leadership is an Art has sold more than 800000 copies.
 Jack Green (born 12 March 1951 Glasgow Scotland) is a British musician.Green played with T. Rex between 1973 and 1974 then with The Pretty Things between 1974 and 1976 recording Silk Torpedo and Savage Eye. After Phil May walked out on the Pretty Things he carried on with Peter Tolson Gordon Edwards and Skip Allen in Metropolis.
 Jack Oleck (March 1 1914 – March 10 1981) was an American novelist and comic book writer particularly known for his work in the horror genre.The brother-in-law of comics pioneer Joe Simon Oleck's comic book career was basically in two parts. During the Golden Age of comics Oleck wrote for EC Comics and the Simon-Jack Kirby Studio.
 Erin Dolgan (born Denver CO) M.A. LPC is a clinical psychotherapist and also a children’s book author known for her message of “Relative Danger”. Her book Please Knock won a 2007 IPPY bronze medal from the Independent Publishing Book Association for children’s book (ages 7 and above).Dolgan grew up in Denver Colorado. In 1995 she received her Masters Degree in clinical counseling from Lesley University in Cambridge Massachusetts.
 Alexandra Adamoski (born July 18 1992 in Edmonton Alberta) is a Canadian country music singer-songwriter known by the singular name Alee. Alee released her debut album This Road Goes Everywhere on July 18 2013. Her 2013 single Don't Say You Love Me reached the top 25 on the Billboard Canada Country chart. In August 2013 she won the Canadian Country Music Association's Jiffy Lube FanFest Performance Contest.
 Barbara Ruth Dickson OBE (born Dunfermline Fife 27 September 1947) is a Scottish singer whose hits include I Know Him So Well and January February. Dickson has placed fifteen albums in the UK Albums Chart from 1977 to date and had a number of hit singles including four which reached the Top 20 in the UK Singles Chart.
 Martin Wilson (born 1973 in Tuscaloosa Alabama) is a American writer.
 The Last Emperor is the recording name of Jamal Gray Philadelphia-born hip-hop artist. Gray took his stage name from the Bernardo Bertolucci film epic of the same name (The Last Emperor). He attended and graduated Overbrook High School (Philadelphia) then went on to obtain a Bachelor of Science degree in Political Science/International Relations from Lincoln University.He moved to New York and began performing at open mic nights. The Last Emperor was featured in a verse on KRS-One's C.I.A.
 Evelyn (born December 6 1980 as Evelyn Valerie Zangger) is a Swiss singer / songwriter from Zurich.
 Geoffrey Lancaster AM (born 20 August 1954) is an Australian classical pianist and conductor. Born in Sydney he was raised in Dubbo New South Wales before moving to Canberra. He attended the Canberra School of Music where he studied piano with Larry Sitsky. He also studied at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music graduating with a Doctor of Philosophy and also completed a Masters degree at the University of Tasmania.
 Walter Van Beirendonck (Brecht Belgium 4 February 1957) is a Belgian fashion designer. He graduated in 1980 from the Royal Arts Academy in Antwerp. Together with Dirk Van Saene Dries van Noten Ann Demeulemeester Marina Yee (graduated in 1981) and Dirk Bikkembergs (graduated in 1982) they became known as the Antwerp Six.Since 1983 he issues his own collections. They are inspired by the visual arts literature nature and ethnic influences.
 Sebastian Blanck (born July 18 1976) is an American artist and musician.
 Franca Batich (b. January 19 1940 Trieste Italy) is an Italian contemporary artist who specializes in oil and mixed technique abstract painting. A student of Giovanni Giordani Frida de Reya and Alice Psaconopulo Batich first began exhibiting her artwork in the 1960s. She has contributed to several collective shows in Italy as well as internationally in New York Salzburg Udine and Dalmatia.
 Phil Guy (April 28 1940 – August 20 2008) was an American blues guitarist. He was the younger brother of Buddy Guy.
 Isabelle Aboulker is a French composer particularly known for her operas and other vocal works. In 1999 she gained a prize from the Académie des Beaux-Arts and in 2000 the music prize of the Société des Auteurs et Compositeurs Dramatiques for her numerous lyric pieces.
 Anjum Hasan (Assamese: অঞ্জুম হাচান) is an Indian poet and novelist. She was born in Shillong Meghalaya and currently lives in Bangalore Karnataka India.Street on the Hill (Sahitya Akademi 2006) was her debut collection of poems. Her debut novel Lunatic in my Head (Zubaan-Penguin 2007) was shortlisted for the Crossword Book Award 2007.
 Flaviano Bucci (December 26 1817 – July 28 1906) was an Italian painter.He was born in Giulianova in the Abruzzo. He trained under Giuseppe Bonolis and from there went to Naples where he worked under Teramano. He was a colleague and friend of the painters Palizzi Smargiassi and Vianelli.
 Jack Youngerman is an artist known for his constructions and paintings.
 Cristóbal Rojas (December 15 1857 in Cúa Miranda – November 8 1890 in Caracas) was one of the most important and high-profile Venezuelan painters of the 19th century. Rojas's styles varied considerably throughout his life and he displayed talents in painting that ranged primarily for dramatic effect to works done in the impressionist style.
 Owen Benjamin (born May 24 1980) is a comedian and actor from Oswego New York.
 Dave Wallis is an English author. He was born in London and brought up in Canada. Between 1940 and 1946 he served with the Royal Corps of Signals.He published four novels the most famous being 'Only Lovers Left Alive'.
 Risto Isomäki (born June 8 1961 in Turku) is a Finnish environmental activist and author of science fiction and nonfiction books. His 2005 novel Sarasvatin hiekkaa was nominated for the Finlandia Prize in 2005 and won the Tähtivaeltaja award in 2006.
 Alan Lancaster (born Alan Charles Lancaster 7 February 1949 in Peckham London England) is a bassist and a founding member of the English rock band Status Quo. As well as contributing to songwriting he was also one of the lead vocalists on albums and live concerts taking the lead on tracks such as Backwater Bye Bye Johnny High Flyer and Roadhouse Blues etc.Alan Lancaster formed the group in 1962 with his then schoolmate Francis Rossi.
 Christabel Rose Coleridge (25 May 1843 – 14 November 1921) was an English novelist who also edited girls' magazines sometimes in collaboration with the writer Charlotte Yonge.A granddaughter of the famous poet Samuel Coleridge Christabel was born at St Mark's College Chelsea while her father Derwent was headmaster there. For a time she helped her brother Ernest run a school but her ambition was to be a writer.
 Danielle Bennett is a Canadian fantasy author. Her most prominent work is the 2008 Fantasy novel Havemercy written with coauthor Jaida Jones. Bennett is from Victoria British Columbia and attended Vic High (graduated 2004) and Camosun College. She met Jones in a Livejournal thread and the two started writing a novel together. The resulting novel Havermercy was picked up Random House for an advance of $30000 and published in 2008.
 Randy Ellis (born October 30 1979 in Chicago Illinois) better known as DJ Fokis Bull Of Tha Industry is a hip hop turntablist/producer and owner of PPEG (Pure Product Entertainment Group LLC.) a music/marketing consulting firm from Chicago Illinois U.S.
 Richard Arin Ilejay (born February 17 1988) is an American musician. He is the current drummer of American heavy metal band Avenged Sevenfold becoming an official member in 2013 after being a session and touring member for the band since 2011. He is also the former drummer of American metalcore band Confide.
 Ron Rinehart is an American thrash metal vocalist. He was the lead singer for the American thrash metal band Dark Angel from 1988 after the departure of previous vocalist Don Doty until the band's dissolution in 1992 and again from 2002 to 2005 when they were reunited. In October 2013 Dark Angel announced another reunion which will also feature Rinehart.He was first featured on the Dark Angel album Leave Scars followed by Live Scars and Time Does Not Heal.
 Pierre Bismuth is a French contemporary artist. He lives and works in Brussels.
 Eva Esther Hill (19 September 1898–17 April 1981) was a New Zealand doctor medical superintendent writer publicist and health campaigner. She was born in Parawai Thames/Coromandel New Zealand on 19 September 1898.
 Raoul Cauvin (born 26 September 1938) is a Belgian comics author and one of the most popular in the humorist field.
 U. K. Murali an Indian singer and music composer. With his brother U K. Manoj he introduced a light music orchestra Udhaya Raagam in 1985. Murlai has performed more than 10000 shows in India and abroad. One of the forerunners in the world of cine light music he is proficient in performing in all South Indian languages (Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada) and also in Hindi and Western languages. Udhaya Raagam specifies the “Rising of Ragas” from talented and versatile musicians.
 Jean Paul (21 March 1763 – 14 November 1825) born Johann Paul Friedrich Richter was a German Romantic writer best known for his humorous novels and stories.
 Ronald Wayne Ronnie Van Zant (January 15 1948 – October 20 1977) was an American lead vocalist primary lyricist and a founding member of the Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. He was the older brother of current lead vocalist Johnny Van Zant and of the founder and vocalist of 38 Special Donnie Van Zant.
 Mariazelle Goonetilleke is a leading Sri Lankan singer and music star. She has performed to capacity filled auditoriums not only in Sri Lanka but also as far afield as the United Kingdom United States United Arab Emirates Singapore and Australia.
 Chhet Sovan Panya (also romanised as Chhet Sovan Panha Chhet Sovannpanha or ឈិត សុវណ្ណបញ្ញា) is a Cambodian singer. She is the only singer to reach the top rankings in Cambodia's competitive music industry with almost no self-promotion[citation needed].
 John Ogetti Kpiaye (born 1948) is a reggae session and live guitarist. He was a member of The Cats who had a No.48 UK hit with Swan Lake and Matumbi who had a No.35 hit with Point of View (Squeeze a Little Lovin').
 Cláudio Venturini (Luís Cláudio Venturini born in Belo Horizonte Brazil 14 August 1958) is a Brazilian guitarist vocalist and composer.With his younger brother Flávio Venturini he began his career taking part in the album A Via Láctea of the friend Lô Borges in 1978.
 Thaddeus Maxim Eugene (Ted) Dikty (June 16 1920 – October 11 1991) was an editor who also played a role as one of the earliest science fiction anthologists and as a publisher.
 Ottaviano da Faenza an Italian painter of the 14th century who was instructed by Giotto spent the greater part of his life at Faenza where he died. There are several paintings attributed to him to be found in the neighbourhood of Faenza and at Bologna.
 Edward Vladimirovich Topol (Russian: Эдуа́рд Влади́мирович То́поль) real name Topelberg (Russian: Топельберг) (born 8 October 1938) is a Russian novelist.
 Gal Weinstein is an Israeli artist.
 Habib Jalib (Urdu: حبیب جالب) was a Pakistani revolutionary poet left-wing activist and politician who opposed martial law authoritarianism and state oppression.
 Spencer Antle (born March 7 1971) is an American fashion designer and founder of the Island Company lifestyle clothing brand. Antle is the CEO Creative Director of Island Company and also its designer photographer and advertiser.Antle led Island Company to be nominated for Inc. Magazine's Top 500/500 fastest Growing Companies In America 4 years in a row for 2009 2010 2011 2012.
 Johnny Watson (April 12 1867 – November 1 1963) was an African American blues singer guitarist and harmonica player best known for his recordings under the name Daddy Stovepipe. Watson also recorded as Jimmy Watson Sunny Jim and Rev. Alfred Pitts. He may have been the earliest-born blues performer to record.Many of his recordings were jug band duets with his wife Sarah Watson who was usually credited as Mississippi Sarah.
 Sam Sims (born 1980) is an American musician singer and songwriter specializing in acoustic folk rock with an island flavor.
 Eliana Guercio (born 12 October 1977 in Lanús) is an Argentine model vedette and actress. She is currently working in shows hosted by Gerardo Sofovich in Buenos Aires's Corrientes Avenue. She came into attention when performed a full nudity in Más que diferente one of those shows. Now she's ending No somos santas and in one month or two she will be back with a new play called El referi cornudo.
 Geeta Novotny (born Geeta Bhatnagar) is an American mezzo-soprano actor published writer and columnist. As a classical singer Novotny has performed principal roles nationally with opera companies and symphony orchestras from the stages of New York City's Carnegie Hall and the American Ballet Theatre at the Metropolitan Opera to the stages of the Los Angeles Opera and the Aspen Music Festival.
 George Thurston (December 29 1951-June 18 2007) was a Quebec singer author and composer and radio show host. He was known as Boule Noire since 1975 and worked in the music industry as a solo artist for nearly 30 years and as part of musical groups for five years.
 Paul Thek (November 2 1933 - August 10 1988) was an American painter and later sculptor and installation artist. Born in Brooklyn he studied locally at the Art Students League and the Pratt Institute. In 1951 he entered the Cooper Union.Although Thek began as a painter he became known later in life for his sculptures and installations.
 William Patrick Mulvihill (June 25 1923 - September 17 2004) was an American author of several novels most notably of which is the New York Times Bestseller The Sands of Kalahari which was later adapted into the movie Sands of the Kalahari by Paramount during 1965.
 Gaspar Frutuoso (c.1522; Ponta Delgada — c.1591; Ribeira Grande) was a Portuguese priest historian and humanist from the island of São Miguel in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores. His major contribution to Portuguese history was his detailed descriptions of the history and geography of the Azores Madeira Canary Islands and references to Cape Verde which he published in his six-part tome Saudades da Terra as well as Saudades do Céu.
 Juana Judith Bustos Ahuite (born 22 November 1944 in Constancia Loreto Region Perú) is best known as La Tigresa del Oriente (lit. Spanish for The Tigress from the Orient the orient being the Peruvian Amazon) is a singer hairdresser and makeup artist.
 Tod Ashley is a musician better known by the stage name Tod A. He founded the rock music groups Cop Shoot Cop and Firewater and is a singer-songwriter and bass guitarist .Ashley also spent time while in art school in a band called Shithäus with Jon Spencer later of The Blues Explosion.Ashley was living in Bushwick Brooklyn when he decided that he wanted to travel the world.
 Nine is the stage name of Derrick Keyes (born September 19 1969) an American rapper from The Bronx New York City New York. He also been known as 9MM or Nine Double M. Known for his harsh gravelly flow and distinctive voice Keyes got his break in late 1993 as a featured guest on Funkmaster Flex and the Ghetto Celebs' Six Million Ways to Die.Keyes originally recorded under the moniker 9MM (or Nine Double M) before changing his name to simply Nine.
 Alvilde Prydz (5 August 1846-5 September 1922) was a Norwegian novelist.
 István Sándorfi (In France Étienne Sandorfi born 12 June 1948 in Budapest Hungary died 26 December 2007 in Paris France) was a Hungarian hyperrealist painter.
 Jamie Robert Cook (born 8 July 1985) is the guitarist for the British indie-rock band Arctic Monkeys.
 José Alberto Iglesias (September 16 1945 – May 19 1972) better known as Tango or Tanguito was an Argentine rock composer and singer. His short career was pivotal in the first years of Argentine rock nacional the earliest incarnation of rock en Español.
 For the village in Nepal see Sanai NepalHakim Abul-Majd Majdūd ibn Ādam Sanā'ī Ghaznavi (Persian: حکیم ابوالمجد مجدود ‌بن آدم سنایی غزنوی‎) was a Persian poet who lived in Ghazni between the 11th century and the 12th century in what is now Afghanistan. He died between 1131 and 1141.
 Julio Iglesias Jr. (born February 25 1973) is a Spanish singer. In 2008 he was declared the winner of the CMT competition Gone Country.
 James Hillier Blount (born 22 February 1974) better known by his stage name James Blunt is an English singer-songwriter. He had signed with EMI before securing a recording contract with Atlantic Records and Custard Records.Blunt rose to prominence in 2004 with the release of his debut studio album Back to Bedlam before achieving worldwide fame with the singles You're Beautiful and Goodbye My Lover.
 Sif Ruud born Sif Einarsdotter Ruud Fallde (6 May 1916 – 15 August 2011) was a Swedish film actress. She appeared in 140 films. At the 15th Guldbagge Awards she won the award for Best Actress for her role in A Walk in the Sun.
 Majoran Vivekananthan (born 1977) is a Norwegian newspaper editor.He migrated from Jaffna Sri Lanka to Bergen Norway at the age of eleven and later moved to Oslo to take the cand.mag. degree at the University of Oslo. He is the editor-in-chief of Utrop started as the first online newspaper for minorities in Norway in 2001. The newspaper was expanded to a paper version in June 2004.
 Saskia Olde Wolbers is a video artist who lives and works in London England (born Breda The Netherlands 1971).
 Joshua Fagin better known by his stage name Jay Fay is an American DJ and producer from St. Louis Missouri. He released his debut EP Bonkers in February 2012. He is best known for featuring on DJ Fresh's 2014 single Dibby Dibby Sound a track which was initially based on Jay Fay's solo single Dibby Dibby.
 Anton Ferdinand Titz (or Tietz or Dietz) (1742 – 1811) was a German composer violin and viola d'amore player principally now known for his string quartets.
 Chinatsu Akasaki (赤﨑 千夏 Akasaki Chinatsu born August 10 1987) is a Japanese voice actress from Kagoshima Prefecture and works with 81 Produce.
 Erin Grace Willett (born May 1 1989) is an American singer-songwriter from Gaithersburg Maryland. She was a semifinalist on Season 2 of The Voice on NBC. She came in second place on Blake Shelton’s team to the eventual winner Jermaine Paul. Willett currently resides in Los Angeles California.
 Christopher Mark Sievey (25 August 1955 – 21 June 2010) was an English musician and comedian known for fronting the band The Freshies in the late 1970s and early 1980s and for his comic persona Frank Sidebottom from 1984 onwards.Sievey under the guise of Sidebottom made regular appearances on North West television throughout the late 1980s and early 1990s even becoming a reporter for Granada Reports.
 Kate Gordon is an American energy analyst writer and leader in the “green jobs” movement. She is currently the Vice President and Director of the Energy and Climate Program at the nonpartisan think tank called The Center for the Next Generation in San Francisco and a Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress (CAP) in Washington D.C.
 Satomura Shōkyū (里村 昌休 1510–1552) became the leading master of the linked verse renga after the death of Tani Sobuko in 1545. Before Sobuoko's death in 1545 Shokyu accepted the famous Joha as a pupil during the year of 1544. During the year of 1552 Shokyu laid on his death bed then on entrusting Joho with the leadership of the Satomura school of renga and the care of his son Satomura Shoshitsu.
 Charles Henry Miller N.A. (March 20 1842 – January 21 1922) was a noted artist and painter of landscapes from Long Island New York. The American poet Bayard Taylor (1825–1878) called him The artistic discoverer of the little continent of Long Island.
 Mari Osmundsen is the literary pseudonym of Anne Kristine Halling (born 1951) a Norwegian novelist and children's writer. She made her literary debut in 1978 with the novel Vi klarer det!. Osmundsen was awarded the Gyldendal's Endowment in 1984 (shared with Simen Skjønsberg).
 Sudhir Nayak (Marathi: सुधीर नायक Kannada: ಸುಧೀರ್ ನಾಯಕ್ born 15 May 1972) is an Indian classical harmonium player a disciple of Pandit Tulsidas Borkar.Sudhir has the honour of having performed along with Pandit Bhimsen Joshi and Shubha Mudgal at the Central Hall of the Parliament of India
 Ethan Kath (born 25 December 1982) is the producer and main songwriter of Crystal Castles.Rolling Stone Magazine named Crystal Castles the #1 Icons of 20 Years of Lollapalooza. Ethan Kath and his band Crystal Castles received the John Peel Award For Innovation at the 2011 NME Awards. His debut album with the band Crystal Castles was included in NME's Top 100 Greatest Albums of the Decade list at #39.
 Darryl D'Bonneau is a Dance/House/R&B artist from Charleston South Carolina. Although he calls New York City home D'Bonneau mostly spends his time living and traveling across Europe where he had more success. D'Bonneau's musical roots trace back to his days a child singing in church choirs and gospel ensembles.
 Tatsuyuki Maeda (前田 龍之 Maeda Tatsuyuki born June 11 1968 in Tokyo Japan) is a Japanese musician and sound producer with Wave Master. He graduated from school with an electric organ player course. He is best known for composing the music for Sonic 3 Sonic & Knuckles Dragon Force and Sonic 3D: Flickies' Island.Alongside Masaru Setsumaru he created the majority of the sound effects utilized in various Sega games.
 Nigel Jenkins (20 July 1949 – 28 January 2014) was an Anglo-Welsh poet. He was an editor journalist psychogeographer broadcaster and writer of creative non-fiction as well as being a lecturer at Swansea University and director of the creative writing programme there.
 Maxwell Lemuel Max Roach (January 10 1924 – August 16 2007) was an American jazz percussionist drummer and composer.A pioneer of bebop Roach went on to work in many other styles of music and is generally considered alongside the most important drummers in history.
 Oliver Stonor (born Frederic Field Stoner and also using the pseudonym (E.) Morchard Bishop FRSL) (3 July 1903 -- 1987) was an English novelist reviewer translator and man of letters. He was briefly the husband of the Irish writer Norah Hoult.He was born at Teddington the son of Alfred Hills Stoner and Sarah Louise Stoner and educated at Kingston Grammar School.
 Craig Ferguson (born 17 May 1962) is a Scottish-born American television host stand-up comedian writer actor director author producer and voice artist. He is the host of The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson an Emmy Award-nominated Peabody Award-winning late-night talk show that airs on CBS.
 Mark Dunn (born 1956 Memphis Tennessee) is an American author and playwright.
 Manmohan Acharya is a poet and lyricist from India. He is also a researcher and published author. His contribution appears significant by inspiring the classical dance Odissi for the first time to enter into Bollywood with his lucid Sanskrit lyrics.His Gita-Milindam contains 15 gunjans (songs) in different melodious rhythms. Manomohan Acharya speaks for the common mass. His creative technique suggests his attitude to life.
 Robert E. Pierre (born 1968 in Franklin Louisiana) is a longtime reporter and editor at The Washington Post. Pierre has written articles on adult incarceration juvenile justice and social justice and he was one of 18 writer-contributors to an award-winning series of articles for the Washington Post later republished in an anthology as Being a Black Man: At the Corner of Progress and Peril.
 John Palmer (born Igor Shouisky on September 3 1925 in Kenosha Wisconsin) was a bandleader tenor saxophonist and composer. He recorded several albums for Mercury Records including A Swingin' Love Affair A Swingin' Dance Date and Moonlight on the Campus with a small singing group which included Ann Trendler whom he would later marry. He performed and recorded under the name Peter Palmer.John Palmer studied music at Northwestern University and graduated in 1950.
 Monica Pauline Nikki Gil (born August 23 1987 Manila Philippines) is a Filipino singer actress host model and a present myx VJ.She is known for being part of the afternoon remake of Carlo J. Caparas' Pieta in 2008-2009 as Guia V. Angeles and also in 2009 she portrayed Princess Punzalan's role in the afternoon drama which ran in 2009 and 2010 as Julie Bernardo in Nagsimula sa Puso.
 Fred Skip Heller (born October 4 1965) is a Philadelphia-born Hollywood-based singer songwriter and guitarist. Although active in many different types of music as a performer producer and historian coming out of the Philadelphia jazz scene and in spite of local critical recognition he did not make a large mark in his hometown.In 1994 he began working for and studying with exotica composer Les Baxter who made his home in Palm Springs California.
 Sara Beck better known by her stage name Pink Nasty is an American singer-songwriter. She is from Wichita Kansas and currently lives in Austin Texas. Pink Nasty has released three full length albums. She performs with her brother a rapper who goes by the stage name Black Nasty.Kathryn Yu of NPR described Pink Nasty as a young and talented singer-songwriter whose quirky alt-country songs nicely complement her pretty but powerful voice.
 David Nelson (born June 12 1943 in Seattle Washington U.S.) is an American musician singer and songwriter. He is perhaps best known as a co-founder and longtime member of the New Riders of the Purple Sage.
 Nicholas George Nick Gilder (born 21 December 1951) is an English-Canadian musician who first came to prominence as the frontman for the glam rock band Sweeney Todd. He later had a successful solo career as a singer as well as a songwriter.
 Richard Chapman (born 9 May 1956 in Pembury Kent England) is a British guitarist composer and author. He is a self-taught musician who has developed a personal style which is inspired by a lifelong interest in landscapes and Celtic mythology and English folklore.
 Richard Clifford 'Dick' Taylor (born 28 January 1943) is an English musician who was an early bassist for the Rolling Stones. He left to become an art student at Sidcup Art College and while there formed The Pretty Things in September 1963. Taylor now lives on the Isle of Wight England.
 Haider Hussain (Bengali: হায়দার হোসেন) is a Bangladeshi singer-songwriter.
 Jacob Coby Linder (born June 27 1985 in Skokie Illinois) is best known as the former drummer of the band Say Anything. He lists his influences as Travis Barker Tony Williams Vinnie Colaiuta Dave Grohl Taylor Hawkins and Bryan Newman. According to Say Anything's website his favorite genres include emo death-core evil rock jazz and rock.
 The Tongue (born Xannon Shirley) is a musical artist from Sydney Australia and is signed to Australian independent label Elefant Traks. He has released an EP (Bad Education) three albums (Shock And Awe Alternative Energy and Surrender To Victory) and three mixtapes (Redux The Tongue Is Dead and The Sextape).
 Grete Gulbransson (born Jehly 31 July 1882 – 26 March 1934) was an Austrian writer and poet best known for her 1934 family chronicle Geliebte Schatten which became a best-seller.
 Lao She (Chinese: 老舍; pinyin: Lǎo Shě; Wade–Giles: Lao3 She3; February 3 1899 – August 24 1966) was the pen name of Shu Qingchun (simplified Chinese: 舒庆春; traditional Chinese: 舒慶春; pinyin: Shū Qìngchūn; Manchu surname: Sumuru) a noted Chinese novelist and dramatist. He was one of the most significant figures of 20th century Chinese literature and best known for his novel Rickshaw Boy and the play Teahouse (茶館). He was of Manchu ethnicity.
 Willie Littlefield billed as Little Willie Littlefield (September 16 1931 – June 23 2013) was an American R&B and boogie-woogie pianist and singer whose early recordings formed a vital link between boogie-woogie and rock and roll. Littlefield was regarded a teenage wonder and overnight sensation when in 1949 at the age of 18 he popularised the triplet piano style on his Modern Records debut single It's Midnight.
 For the footballer see Michael Petry (footballer)Michael Petry (born 1960) is a multi-media artist director of MOCA London and co-founder of the Museum of Installation London. He was born in El Paso Texas and has lived in London since 1981. He received a BA at Rice University (Houston) an MA at London Guildhall University and a Phd in Arts at Middlesex University.
 Will Taylor (born November 30 1968) is a violist violinist arranger composer music producer and guitarist and from Austin Texas. He is the founder of the groups Will Taylor & Strings Attached and The Jazz Menagerie.
 Johan Reinholdz (born 30 June 1980) is a progressive metal artist best known for his work with the Swedish progressive metal band Andromeda Swedish death metal band NonExist and the melodic death metal band Skyfire. He composed Andromeda's debut album Extension of the Wish. He has also released four more studio albums with Andromeda and one live-album. In 2004 he joined Skyfire and made his debut on tape with them on Esoteric in 2009.
 Carl De Keyzer (born 27 December 1958 in Kortrijk) is a Belgian contemporary photographer. He was nominated to the Magnum Photos agency in 1990 became an associated member in 1992 and a full member in 1994.
 Annibale Carracci (Italian pronunciation: [anˈnibale karˈrattʃi]; November 3 1560 – July 15 1609) was an Italian Baroque painter.
 Ahmed mater is one of the raising stars of the Saudi contemporary art he is also a man of as he puts it many masks .
 Luke Busby (born 22 April 1981) is an English music producer-songwriter best known for being part of UK electronic pop band Temposhark with singer/songwriter Robert Diament.
 Nathalie Cardone (born 29 March 1967 at la Clinique de Cygognes in Pau Pyrénées-Atlantiques) is a French actress and singer.
 Panayiotis Kalorkoti (born 11 April 1957 Cyprus) is a contemporary British artist. As well as painting in acrylics and watercolour he does drawings and also experimented with etchings screenprints lithographs and Monotypes. He tends to produce a series of paintings for a specific exhibition. He works within specific terms of reference and his work has been described as an entirely modern iconography.
 Liu Fang (simplified Chinese: 刘芳; traditional Chinese: 劉芳) (born 1974) is one of the most prominent pipa players in the world. Described in the media as the empress of pipa (L'actualité) divine mediator (World) the greatest ambassadress of the art of the pipa (La presse) Liu Fang is known as “possessing virtuoso technique grace and a unique empathy toward the music she plays – whether it is a traditional and folk tune or a modern Western composition” (All Music Guide).
 Guilherme Aparecido Dantas better known by his stage name MC Guimê (born in Osasco São Paulo Brazil 10 Dezember 1992) is a funk ostentação singer.known for songs Plaquê de 100 Pais do Futebol Tá Patrão and Na Pista eu Arraso. Is currently considered the greatest singer of funk ostentação.
 George Henry Jackson (March 12 1945 – April 14 2013) was an American blues rhythm & blues rock and soul songwriter and singer. His prominence was as a prolific and skilled songwriter; he wrote or co-wrote many hit songs for other musicians including Down Home Blues One Bad Apple Old Time Rock and Roll and The Only Way Is Up. As a southern soul singer he recorded a mere 15 singles between 1963 and 1985 with some success.
 Linda Kelly (born 1936) is an English historian whose expertise is in late 18th and early 19th century romanticism.
 Dominique de Roux (September 17 1935 – March 29 1977) was a French writer and publisher.
 Meltem Arıkan (born January 7 1968 in Ankara) is a Turkish novelist and playwright.
 David Isberg (born February 23 1975) is a Swedish musician most famous for having founded seminal Swedish progressive death metal band Opeth. David Isberg is also known as DJ Dake having a successful DJ career with independent and electronic music often influenced by the magical Madchester scene. He also DJs old school heavy thrash speed and death metal from the 1980s at Club Rocks in Stockholm on a monthly basis.
 Michel Marc Bouchard OC CQ (born February 2 1958) is a Canadian playwright.
 Philip John Stead OBE FRSL (5 February 1915 - 22 June 2005) was an English criminologist author literary critic translator and poet. After retirement in the United Kingdom he emigrated to New York and then Massachusetts.Stead was born in Swinton South Yorkshire in 1915 and was educated at Oxford University. Moving to London he became a member of The Critics' Circle. During World War II he served in the British Army in North Africa Italy France Belgium and Germany.
 Jonathan Wyatt Latimer (October 23 1906 – June 23 1983) was an American crime writer noted for his novels and screenplays.
 Jim Krueger is an American comic book writer novelist and filmmaker.
 Antonio Beduschi (born 1576- alive 1607) was an Italian painter active in the early-Baroque period mainly in his hometown of Cremona. He imitated the style of Antonio Campi. His sister Angela Beduschi was also a painter. In 1602 he painted the Martyrdom of St. Stephen and a Pietà for the church of San Sepolcro in Piacenza.
 Michel-Bruno Bellengé (1726 - December 13 1793) was a French painter.Bellengé was one of the first students of the Rouen School founded by Jean-Baptiste Descamps. He won three awards there between 1748 and 1751.He specialized in painting flowers on enamel as well as vegetables and fruits. He worked to paint the ceiling of the La Celle-Saint-Cloud under the direction of Jean-Baptiste Marie Pierre. He also worked with Jean-Baptiste-Henri Deshays.
 Felipe Alfau (1902–1999) was a Spanish American novelist and poet. Like his contemporaries Luigi Pirandello and Flann O'Brien Alfau is considered a forerunner of later postmodern writers such as Vladimir Nabokov Thomas Pynchon Donald Barthelme and Gilbert Sorrentino.
 Alastair Reid (born 22 March 1926) is a poet and a scholar of South American literature from Galloway in Scotland. He is known for his lighthearted style of poems and for his translations of South American poets Jorge Luis Borges and Pablo Neruda. Although he is famous for translations his own poems are gaining note.
 Randevyn (ran-dev-vin) Pierre is an American independent pop/urban alternative singer-songwriter musician composer and activist.
 Thomas Boissy is a French singer and songwriter who mixes Acoustic Folk Pop and Rock music. He lives in Paris France. He started singing in musicals in the Folies Bergère and on French TV. In October 2007 he signed up to Sellaband and in February 2008 he reached the goal of US$50000 to produce his own CD.
 John Trumbull (June 6 1756 – November 10 1843) was an American artist during the period of the American Revolutionary War and was notable for his historical paintings. His Declaration of Independence (1817) was used on the reverse of the two-dollar bill.
 Michelle Walker (born January 9 1967) is a jazz vocalist song writer and arranger based in New York city. She started her music career in the Washington DC area where she was nominated numerous times for a WAMA award (Washington Area Music Association) for best jazz vocalist best debut album of the year and best jazz group. She has toured in concert in the United States Canada Israel England Russia and The Netherlands. She has performed in concert most notably with Mark Murphy.
 Paul Jackson is a watercolorist in Columbia Missouri. Jackson was inducted as a signature member into the American Watercolor Society at the age of 30 and he is a signature member of the National Watercolor Society.
 Robert Giraud (November 21 1921 – January 17 1997) was a French journalist poet and lexicographer. He is the author of over 30 books and subject of the 2009 biography Monsieur Bob by Olivier Bailly.
 Kim Newman (born 31 July 1959) is an English journalist film critic and fiction writer. Recurring interests visible in his work include film history and horror fiction—both of which he attributes to seeing Tod Browning's Dracula at the age of eleven—and alternate fictional versions of history. He has won the Bram Stoker Award the International Horror Guild Award and the BSFA award.
 Joel Lester Oppenheimer (Jacob Hammer) (February 18 1930 – October 11 1988) was an American poet associated with both the Black Mountain poets and the New York School. He was the first director of the St. Marks Poetry Project (1966-68). Though a poet Oppenheimer was perhaps better known for his columns in the Village Voice from 1969 to 1984.
 Michael Terry Gilbert (born May 7 1951) is an American comic book artist and writer who has worked for both mainstream and underground comic book companies.
 Jo Whittemore (born 1977) is an American author of books for children and teens ranging from fantasy to humorous contemporary.
 Ryan Cook (born April 3 1981) is an award-winning Canadian country music singer-songwriter. He has released three albums Hot Times in 2008 Peaks & Valleys in 2010 and Wrestling with Demons in 2013.
 Muzaffer Izgü (born 1933) is a prize-winning Turkish writer and professional teacher who has authored over 90 books for adults and children.
 Émile Henriot (French: [emil ɑ̃ʁjo]; 3 March 1889 – 14 April 1961) was a French poet novelist essayist and literary critic.
 Allan Sørensen (born Allan Sørensen on April 24 1973) is a Danish drummer.
 Marcel Maupi stage name of Marcel Louis Alexandre Barberin (6 November 1881 Marseille – 4 January 1949 Antibes) was a French actor.
 Christopher Forgues (also known professionally as C.F. and Kites) is a musician and artist based in Providence Rhode Island best known for his graphic novel serial Powr Mastrs. He holds a BFA from the Massachusetts College of Art and Design.Forgues has toured the United States several times also appearing in Europe and Canada. Forgues employs homemade electronics effects pedals and altered acoustic instruments.His graphic novel series Powr Mastrs is published by Picturebox.
 Shubha Mudgal (born 1959) is a well-known Indian singer of Hindustani classical music Khayal Thumri Dadra and popular Indian Pop music.She has been awarded the 1996 National Film Award for Best Non-Feature Film Music Direction for 'Amrit Beej' the 1998 Gold Plaque Award for Special Achievement in Music at the 34th Chicago International Film Festival for her music in the film Dance of the Wind (1997) and the Padma Shri in 2000. She is also close to movements like ANHAD and SAHMAT.
 Idris Rahman (born 16 July 1976) is an English clarinettist saxophonist and music producer.
 Patrick Lapeyre is a French writer and winner of the Prix Femina 2010 for his seventh novel La vie est brève et le désir sans fin. Laypeyre was born in 1949 in Pantin. He attended the École Normale Supérieure with Alain Finkelkraut and Pascal Bruckner before studying literature at the Sorbonne. After becoming a teacher he published his first novel Le corps inflammable in 1984.
 Mark Grist is a poet and battle rapper based in Peterborough UK who rose to prominence when his Don't Flop rap battle against Mancunian MC Blizzard became an internet sensation.His poem Girls Who Read produced by Roundhouse London and published on their YouTube channel has also gained significant fame on the internet.
 Olivia Grant (born 16 June 1996) is an actress and the oldest daughter of Fame Academy judges and singers David and Carrie Grant. She is best known for portraying Mia Stone in the children's television series Half-Moon Investigations based on the book by Eoin Colfer in 2009.In 2006 she made her debut acting appearance in the popular television series The Story of Tracy Beaker as Alice.
 Wen Meihui (Chinese: 文美惠; pinyin: Wén Meǐhuì; born 1931) is a Chinese translator. She is a member of the China Democratic League.She is among the first few in China who translated the works of Joseph Rudyard Kipling's into Chinese language.
 Max Décharné is a rock'n'roll musician author and journalist probably best known for his being the drummer for Gallon Drunk and fronting his own band The Flaming Stars.
 Merethe Trøan (born 19 May 1970 Trondheim) is a Norwegian singer best known for her participation in the 1992 Eurovision Song Contest. In her teens Trøan and her sister were members of vocal group Pastel together with two brothers (not related to the Trøans). In 1985 Pastel took part in the Norwegian Eurovision Song Contest selection Melodi Grand Prix with the song Ring Ring Ring finishing third. Pastel released one self-titled LP before disbanding.
 Eric Matthew Stefani (born June 17 1967) is an American musician composer writer and animator best known as the founder and former member of the ska punk band No Doubt. He is the older brother of Gwen Stefani and is also a former animator on the animated sitcom The Simpsons.
 Dorothy Parker (August 22 1893 – June 7 1967) was an American poet short story writer critic and satirist best known for her wit wisecracks and eye for 20th-century urban foibles.From a conflicted and unhappy childhood Parker rose to acclaim both for her literary output in such venues as The New Yorker and as a founding member of the Algonquin Round Table. Following the breakup of the circle Parker traveled to Hollywood to pursue screenwriting.
 Vincent Wan Ka Hung (born 15 July 1984) is a Hong Kong actor under Hong Kong's Television Broadcast Limited. He is also working under TVB Jade when he starred in Relic of an Emissary. He has starred in a few films such as Moonlight Resonance. He has starred in other films such as Relic of an Emissary portraying Chu Chun Prince Su (朱椿) and Gun Metal Grey as Photographer Ben Yue.
 Rafael Barrett complete name Rafael Ángel Jorge Julián Barrett y Álvarez de Toledo (Torrelavega Spain January 7 1876 – Arcachon France December 17 1910) was a Spanish writer narrator essayist and journalist who developed most of his literary production in Paraguay becoming an important figure of the Paraguayan literature during the twentieth century.
 Mary Carey (born June 15 1980) is an American pornographic actress and film director known for her involvement in the 2003 California gubernatorial recall election and her appearance on the VH1 reality TV series Celebrity Rehab.
 Tom Nussbaum (born August 12 1953 in Philadelphia Pennsylvania) is an American artist known for a variety of work including sculpture drawings paper cuts prints children’s books animations functional design objects public art and site-specific commissions.
 Mirko Virius (October 28 1889 – 1943) was a Croatian naïve painter. He was one of the three most prominent members of the first generation of the Hlebine School.Virius was born in the village of Đelekovec near Koprivnica where he completed four years of primary school. In the First World War he fought as an Austro-Hungarian soldier in Galicia. He was captured by Russians and made a forced laborer in Kiev Kharkov and the Ekaterinoslav iron plant.
 Jayashree R. Patanekar is a Hindustani classical vocalist. She has received training in Gwalior Jaipur and Kirana gharana. She has received training from the great maestro Gajananrao Joshi.
 Zaira Cosico is a ballerina from the Philippines. She is one of a few successful scholars of Liza Macuja's dance company Ballet Manila. She first learned to dance at the Halili Cruz School of Dance. Cosico has been instructed in the Vaganova method by Tatiana A. Udalenkova of the Academy of Russia Ballet (Vaganova Choreographic Institute). She has also worked with Viktor Savaliev Sergey Vikulov and Evgeny Scherbakov.
 Christopher Hamill (born 19 December 1958) better known by his stage name Limahl (an anagram of Hamill) is an English pop singer. He rose to fame as the lead singer of the 1980s pop group Kajagoogoo before embarking on a briefly successful solo career which reached its peak with the 1984 hit The NeverEnding Story the theme song for the film of the same name.
 Juliana Jendo (Syriac: ܓܘܠܝܢܐ ܓܢܕܐ) is an Assyrian–American singer. Juliana Jendo is usually classified as the Queen of Assyrian Singers because of her long and successful career throughout all the different Assyrian/Chaldean/Syriac communities worldwide.
 Justin Richards is a British writer. He has written science fiction and fantasy novels including series set in Victorian or early-20th-century London and also adventure stories set in the present day. He has written many spin-off novels reference books and audio plays based on the long-running BBC science fiction television series Doctor Who and he is Creative Consultant for the BBC Books range of Doctor Who novels.
 Claudia Claire (born March 10 1977) is a Czech pornographic actress.
 Surender Mohan Pathak (Hindi: सुरेन्द्र मोहन पाठक Punjabi: ਸੁਰਿੰਦਰ ਮੋਹਨ ਪਾਠਕ) (born 19 February 1940 at Khemkaran Amritsar Punjab) is an author of Hindi-language crime fiction with nearly 300 novels to his credit. His writing career along with his full-time job in Indian Telephone Industries Delhi began in the early 1960s with his Hindi translations of Ian Fleming’s James Bond novels and the works of James Hadley Chase.
 Suresh Talwalkar (Marathi: सुरेश तळवळकर)(born 1948) is an Indian musician who plays the percussion instrument tabla.Talwalkar was born 1948 in Mumbai and initially learned playing the tabla from his father Dattatrey Talwalkar.
 Mika Tan (born November 27 1977 in Honolulu Hawaii) is the stage name of a fetish model (BDSM/DS/stocking and pantyhose fetish) and pornographic actress.
 Nicola Morgan (born 1961) is a Scottish author best known for her novel Mondays Are Red.
 Iain Coyle (born 9 January 1968 in Burscough Lancashire) is a British TV presenter and producer and comedian. He was educated at St Bede's RC Comprehensive St John Rigby College Wigan and Sheffield Polytechnic where he studied Fine Art.
 Peter Arne Jöback (born 4 June 1971 in Stockholm Sweden) is a Swedish singeractor and musical artist .
 Computer Magic is the electronic music solo-project of American producer Danielle Danz Johnson from Brooklyn NY. Danz is also known as a New York DJ blogger and graphic designer. Danz is the sole composer for Computer Magic. Computer Magic's influences include Radiohead Barbarella and Philip K. Dick.
 Doctor Coble Walsh (July 23 1901 in Lewis Fork Wilkes County North Carolina – May 28 1967) better known as Doc/Dock Walsh was an American banjoist and bandleader of The Carolina Tar Heels. He formed that group with Clarence Ashley in 1925 followed by the addition of Gwen Foster. Walsh is known as the Banjo King of the Carolinas.He played in a clawhammer style but was one of the first to record the three-finger style.
 Elaine Bergstrom is an American author in the genres of fantasy and horror. She has had 13 novels published.
 Bhisham Sahni (Punjabi: ਭੀਸ਼ਮ ਸਾਹਨੀ Hindi: भीष्म साहनी) (8 August 1915 – 11 July 2003) was a Hindi writer playwright and actor most famous for his novel and television screenplay Tamas (Darkness) a powerful and passionate account of the Partition of India.
 Andy Adams is the Grosset & Dunlap pseudonym for three writers who authored the Biff Brewster series of adventure and mystery novels for adolescent boys in the early and mid-1960s. The real-world authors were Walter B. Gibson Edward Pastore and Peter Harkins.
 Richard Allen Street (October 5 1942 – February 27 2013) was an American soul and R&B singer most notable as a member of Motown vocal group The Temptations from 1971 to 1993. Born and raised in Detroit Michigan Street was the first member of the Temptations to actually be a native of the city which served as Motown's namesake and hometown; all of the previous members were born and at least partially raised in the southern United States.
 Erwin Gutawa (born May 12 1962) is an Indonesian composer and father of Gita Gutawa. In 1985 he started his professional music career by joining the jazz band Karimata later becoming an independent composer in 1991. As a composer he won the 1992 Midnight Sun Song Festival in Finland together with Ruth Sahanaya. In 2001 he won the Anugerah Musik Indonesia award for best music arranger for his concert Rockestra.
 Joe Hautman is an American painter residing in Plymouth Minnesota. The artist is best known for his realism wildlife art particularly the US Federal Duck Stamp. The artist holds a Ph.D. in Physics from the University of Michigan and has had his artwork featured on the 2008 2002 and 1992 Federal Duck Stamps raising millions for conservation.His brothers Robert Hautman and Jim Hautman are also wildlife artists.
 Moses Isegawa also known as Sey Wava (born 10 August 1963) is a Ugandan author. He has written novels set against the political turmoil of Uganda which he left in 1990 for the Netherlands. His debut novel Abyssinian Chronicles was first published in Amsterdam in 1998 selling more than 100000 copies and gaining him widespread national attention. It was also very well reviewed when published in English in the United Kingdom and United States in 2001.
 Baroness Annetta Radovska or Annetta Borgna Radovska (Milan 19th century) was a 19th-century woman painter in Lombardy mainly depicting lively genre subjects.
 Philip Mitchell is an English author playwright poet and translator.
 John Ro Myung (/ˈmaɪ.əŋ/; born January 24 1967 in Chicago Illinois) is an American bassist and a founding member of the progressive metal/rock group Dream Theater. He is one of two longest serving members of Dream Theater along with John Petrucci. In a poll conducted by MusicRadar in August through September 2010 he was voted the greatest bassist of all time.
 Daniel Pedreira Senna Pellegrine better known by his stage name MC Daleste (born in Penha São Paulo Brazil 30 October 1992 - died Paulínia 7 July 2013) was a funk ostentação singer songwriter and rapper. He was fatally shot in the abdomen while performing during a free show in Campinas São Paulo before a crowd of four thousand people. He died later the same day in Paulinia's City Hospital.
 Sriram Parasuram is an Hindustani classical vocalist. He also plays the violin.He is married to Carnatic classical vocalist Anuradha Sriram with whom he gives jugalbandis. They have two sons named Jayant and Lokesh.Parasuram received his Ph.D. in Ethnomusicology from Wesleyan University where he met Anuradha when she was a masters student.
 Mark Henderson is a British lighting designer who won the 2006 Tony Award for Best Lighting Design for The History Boys.Henderson began his Broadway career with a 1986 comedy revue starring Rowan Atkinson.
 Chris Lent (born March 15 1988) is an American drummer and keyboardist formerly a member of the post-hardcore band From First to Last and of the experimental metal band I Set My Friends On Fire.
 Bruce Boniface better known by his surname Boniface (born 5 June 1981) is a singer-songwriter vocal arranger and producer best known for his Top 40 hit Cheeky which peaked at number 25 on the UK Singles Chart. The track remained in the chart for three weeks.
 Pellín Rodríguez (December 4 1926 – October 31 1984) was a Salsa singer. Rodríguez was a member of the musical group El Gran Combo and toured with them all over Europe and Latin America gaining fame and popularity as a singer. In addition to his singing capabilities Rodríguez had great comedic abilities and participated on comedy bits on various TV shows in Puerto Rico.
 Grégoire Maret is a jazz harmonica player born on May 13 1975 in Geneva Switzerland. He began playing the harmonica at the age of 17.
 Charles Lindsay (born San Francisco California 1961) is an American inter-disciplinary artist whose work focuses on pattern recognition biomimicry and technology. Charles Lindsay is currently the SETI Institute's first Artist in Residence. His career has ranged from exploration geology in the arctic to photojournalism in the jungles of southeast Asia - where he lived for years with a stone age tribe.
 Jean Dolabella (born May 14 1978) is a Brazilian musician known as the former drummer of Brazilian thrash metal band Sepultura. He is also involved with Iron Maiden's ex-singer Paul Di'Anno in his side project RockFellas.
 Khagen Mahanta (Assamese: খগেন মহন্ত) is an exponent in folk and traditional music of Assam. Khagen Mahanta is a notable person in Assamese folk music and known as the King of Bihu. His Bihu songs Borgeet and other folk songs are ever green to the assamese society. The artist along with his wife Archana Mahanta and son Angaraag Mahanta represent one of the most influential families in Assamese music.[citation needed]
 Sami Lopakka is a Finnish guitarist and an author. Lopakka was one of two guitarists for the band Sentenced until it disbanded. Lopakka was the band's main lyric writer and was also considered the spokesman for the band. Since 2007 he is once again active in KYPCK.Sami spoke with Metal-Rules.com in April 2007 about his recent activities.
 Dèng Guăngmíng (16 March 1907 – 10 January 1998) was a leading Chinese historian and historiographer who specialized in the 10th to 13th century Song Jin and Liao Dynasty Dynasties remembered for his meticulous attention to detail.Born in Linyi County Shandong and known by the courtesy name Gong San (恭三) Deng's principle works were:Outline of Chinese History • The Song Liao and Jin Dynasties (中国史纲要•宋辽金史纲要)Wang Anshi's Political Reforms During the Northern Song Dynasty (北宋政治改革家王安石)Biography of Yue Fei (岳飞传)Biography of Xin Qiji (辛弃疾传)Biography of Chen Longchuan (陈龙川传)Chronicle of Xin Qiji's Life (辛稼轩年谱)Annotated Works of Xin Qiji (稼轩词编年笺注)Amended Institutional Function Records from the History of Song (宋史职官志考正)Amended Criminal Law Records from the History of Song (宋史刑法志考正)↑
 Lulu Delacre (born December 20 1957 Rio Piedras Puerto Rico) is the author/illustrator of many award winning children's books. Some of her most famous works include Arroz con leche: Popular Songs and Rhymes from Latin America Vejigante Masquerader and The Bossy Gallito. Delacre's writes books that celebrate her Latino heritage and promote cultural diversity.
 Audrey Kawasaki (born March 31 1982 in Los Angeles California) is a Los Angeles-based painter known for her distinctive erotically charged portrayals of young adolescent women.
 Antonio Maria Fabrés y Costa (1854–1938) also known as Antonio Fabrés was a famous Spanish artist during the turn of the 20th century. He was born in Barcelona Spain in 1854. It is said that he was the artist gene since his father was a draughtsman and his uncle a silversmith. He started studying at the Escuela de Bellas Artes in his native city at the age of 13. When he turned 21 he received a grant to study in Rome.
 Vito Delsante (born 1973) is an American comic book writer known for his work on characters such as Batman Wolverine and Scooby Doo.
 Ash Wednesday is an Australian musician who played in JAB the Models and Einstürzende Neubauten.
 Kryz Reid is an Irish musician and guitarist. He is the lead guitarist for American alternative rock band Third Eye Blind.
 Bill Konigsberg is the award-winning American author of Out of the Pocket and Openly Straight. Out of the Pocket won the 2008 Lambda Literary Award in the LGBT Children's/Young Adult category. His second novel Openly Straight was released in June 2013. It received a rave review in the New York Times and starred reviews from Booklist and the Bulletin of the Center for Children's Books.
 Jewel De'Nyle (born August 5 1976 Wetmore Colorado) is the stage name of a former American pornographic actress and director. She is a member of the NightMoves AVN and XRCO Halls of Fame.
 Heather O'Neill is a Canadian novelist poet short story writer screenwriter and journalist. She published her debut novel Lullabies for Little Criminals in 2006. The novel was subsequently selected for the 2007 edition of Canada Reads where it was championed by singer-songwriter John K. Samson. Lullabies won the competition.
 Cyndi Almouzni (born 10 October 1984) best known at the beginning of her music career in the United States as Cherie is a French pop and dance music singer coming from Marseille Her 2004 hit I'm Ready hit #1 on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart.Later on she performed professionally with her real name Cyndi Almouzni and under her mononym Cyndi most notably when she took part in the competition for UK entry to Eurovision Song Contest with I'll Leave My Heart coming second to the eventual entry Flying the Flag (For You) from Scooch.
 Roberto Zanetti (born November 28 1956) is an Italian singer music producer composer and businessman from Massa Tuscany. As a singer he is known under the stage name Savage and as a music producer he uses the alias Robyx.He has founded several companies: Robyx Productions Extravaganza Publishing and DWA Records.Zanetti has produced and written music for several artists other than himself including Ice MC Double You Alexia Corona and Zucchero.
 Ray Martin (Raymond Stuart Martin; born 'Kurt Kohn' and later anglicised his name) (11 October 1918 - 7 February 1988) was a British-Austrian orchestra leader. He was noted for his light music compositions. Allmusic journalist Bradley Torreano states Ray Martin created a legacy for himself in British popular music through his work with his orchestra during the 1950s.
 John Cowan (born August 24 1952 in Evansville Indiana) is an American soul music and progressive bluegrass vocalist and bass guitar player. He was the lead vocalist and bass player for the New Grass Revival. Cowan was bassist in the band in 1972 from original bassist Ebo Walker and was noted as being the only member of New Grass Revival not to come from a bluegrass background.
 Louis Thomas 'Lou' (or 'Lew' or 'Louie') Black (June 8 1901 – November 18 1965) was one of the foremost banjo players of the Jazz Era.Born in Rock Island Illinois he began playing banjo during early childhood and became professional in 1917.In 1921 he joined the famous New Orleans Rhythm Kings at Friar's Inn in Chicago. With this band he participated to the first-ever interracial recording session with pianist Jelly Roll Morton.He left the band in 1923 to play with other bands.
 Arthur L. Jarrett Jr. (July 20 1907 in Brooklyn New York – July 23 1987 in Los Angeles) born to stage actor and playwright Arthur L. Jarrett Sr. (1884–1960). Art Jr. was an American singer actor and bandleader in the 1930s and 1940s.
 Bonnie D. Zacherle is an American illustrator and designer who now resides in Warrenton Virginia. Zacherle is best known as the creator of the best-selling My Little Pony toy line and also as the creator of Nerfuls.Zacherle has done some outside consulting for Bliss House an American licensing consultancy on the graphics and product development side. In 2003 she became a member of 'Women In Toys'.
 Imratul Najwa Binti Abdul Latif (born May 23 1995) or better known as Najwa Latif is a Malaysian singer. Najwa Latif also one of the teen idol in Malaysia. She became popular after her first song titled 'Cinta Muka Buku' (Facebook Love) got attention from the public becoming the best song of the year.
 Veli Karahoda (born 4 January 1968) is an Albanian writer poet novelist and essayist.
 Leo Lyons (born David William Lyons 30 November 1943) is an English rock musician who was also the bassist of the British rock group Ten Years After.Lyons was born in Mansfield Nottinghamshire England. He first played with lead guitarist Alvin Lee in The Jaybirds. In 1967 there was a name change to Ten Years After. With this group Lyons played at major rock festivals including Woodstock in 1969 and the Isle of Wight Festival on 29 August 1970.
 Pandit Santosh Joshi (संतोष जोशी born July 2 1960) is an Indian vocalist in the Hindustani classical tradition and He is a member of the Joshi Gharana which is a branch of the Lucknow tabla gharana). He is known for the khyal form of singing as well as for his popular renditions of devotional bhajans and Hori. He is the most recent recipient of the Rajiv Ratna Award of Bikaner.
 María Rosalía Rita de Castro (Galician pronunciation: [rosaˈli.a ðe ˈkastɾo]; 24 February 1837 – 15 July 1885) was a Galician romanticist writer and poet.Writing in the Galician language after the Séculos Escuros (lit. Dark Centuries) she became an important figure of the Galician romantic movement known today as the Rexurdimento (renaissance) along with Manuel Curros Enríquez and Eduardo Pondal.
 Hugh O'Donnell (born 1950) is an English painter printmaker and site-specific artist.
 John Barston (c1545-c1612) was an English writer law and 'important civic figure'.Barston was from Tewkesbury. He went to St John's College Cambridge and the Inns of Court. In 1576 he published his work The Safeguard of Society describing the corporate life of Tewkesbury.
 Daasarathi Krishnamacharyulu popularly known as Daasarathi (1927 – 1987) (Telugu: దాశారథి కృష్ణమాచార్యులు) was a Telugu Poet and Writer. Daasarathi holds the titles Abhyudhaya Kavi and Kalaprapurna. He was also the recipient of Sahitya Academy Award for his poetic work book Thimiramtho Samaram (Fight against Darkness) in 1974. He was also chosen as Aastana Kavi of the Andhra Pradesh Government.
 Rowland Huw Prichard (14 January 1811 – 25 January 1887) was a Welsh musician. A native of Graienyn near Bala he lived most of his life in the area serving for a time as a loom tender's assistant in Holywell where he died. In 1844 Prichard published Cyfaill y Cantorion (The Singer's Friend) a song book intended for children.Prichard is remembered today as the composer of the hymn tune Hyfrydol.
 Patrick Stanfield Jones is a musician producer arranger and singer-songwriter whose music is a mix of rock jazz Folk and blues. He is a brother of jazz percussionist Koko Jones and they have performed and recorded together. He has worked with Isley Jasper Isley and Whitney Houston. He has been a member of the touring casts of Jesus Christ Superstar and Oh Calcutta!.
 Chetan Bhagat About this sound pronunciation (born 22 April 1974) is an Indian author columnist screenwriter and speaker. Bhagat is the author of bestselling novels Five Point Someone (2004) One Night @ the Call Center (2005) The 3 Mistakes of My Life (2008) 2 States (2009) Revolution 2020 (2011) and What Young India Wants (2012).
 Pierre Sancan (October 24 1916 in Mazamet – October 20 2008 in Paris) was a French composer pianist teacher and conductor.
 Giovanni Giacometti (7 March 1868 – 25 June 1933) was a Swiss painter. He was the father of artists Alberto and Diego Giacometti and architect Bruno Giacometti.
 María Dueñas Vinuesa (Puertollano 1964) is a Spanish writer.
 Neil Kleid (born 1975) is a U.S. cartoonist raised in Oak Park Michigan now living in New Jersey. He has received a 2003 Xeric Award grant for his graphic novella Ninety Candles (2004).Kleid also wrote Brownsville a graphic novel about Murder Inc. with Jake Allen; The Big Kahn a graphic novel about family faith and con men with Nicolas Cinquegrani for NBM Publishing; and Ursa Minors! an action/comedy mini-series for Slave Labor Graphics.
 Geoffrey Davies (born 15 December 1942 Leeds West Riding of Yorkshire) is a British actor.
 Rob Gardner is an American musician best known as the drummer for the original lineups of L.A. Guns and Guns N' Roses and was also briefly the drummer for Hollywood Rose.
 Dushyant Kumar (September 27 1931 – December 31 1975) was a poet of modern Hindustani literature. In India he is generally recognized as one of the foremost Hindustani poets of the 20th century. He was also a Dramatist Litterateur and Gazal writer.
 Peter King Lourie (born in Michigan United States) is an author of nonfiction books for adults and children.
 Keldrick Sapp professionally known as Cyber Sapp is an American record producer and songwriter from Atlanta Georgia who is possibly best known for producing Gucci Mane's single Freaky Gurl. He currently manages Bohagon who is apart of Sapp's BLACK CARTEL label. He has produced for David Banner P$C Bonecrusher Young Red and Lil Ron Slim Thug Paul Wall 4-IZE Killer Mike Soulja Slim and B.G. among others.
 Henry Wolf (1852-1916) was a French born wood engraver who lived and worked in the United States during his most influential work period and until his death.Henry Wolf was born in 1852 in Eckwersheim France. He lived in Strasbourg and studied under Jacques Levy and exhibited in Paris. Henry Wolf moved to New York City in 1871 where he created wood engravings of works by Gilbert Stuart Enrique Serra Frank Weston Benson Howard Pyle Henry Salem Hubbell John Singer Sargent A. B.
 Jon Samuel Lewis is a fiction writer who writes under the pen name J. S. Lewis. Lewis is co-author of the popular Grey Griffins series originally published by Scholastic Inc. The next three books in the Grey Griffins series will be published as the Grey Griffins Clockwork Chronicles by Little Brown Books for Young Readers. The original trilogy has sold over 850000 copies to date.
 Kevin Sharkey (born 1961) (Irish: Caoimhín Ó Searcaigh) is an Irish artist.
 Joseph Lewis French (1858–1936) was a novelist editor poet and newspaper man. The New York Times noted in 1925 that he may be the most industrious anthologist of his time. He is known for his popular themed collections and released over twenty-five books between 1918 and his death in 1936. He founded two magazines The New West (circa 1887) and The Wave (circa 1890). Afterwards he worked for newspapers across the country contributing poetry and articles.
 Rowshanara Moni (born 1974) is a Bangladeshi-born British singer and actress.
 Nando Reis (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈnɐ̃du ˈʁejs] born January 12 1963) is a Brazilian musician and producer best known as the former bassist and lead singer of Brazilian rock band Titãs and for his successful solo career with his own band called Os Infernais. He has also produced a few albums including some related to Cássia Eller who has made several significant partnerships with him and Marisa Monte.
 Per Knutsen (born 1951) is a Norwegian novelist author of children's literature crime writer and playwright. He made his literary debut in 1976 with the children's book Gutten og ørna. He received the Norwegian Critics Prize for Best children's book in 1982 for Gull og sølv.
 Mary Wright Sewell (April 6 1797 – June 10 1884) was an English poet and children's author. Though popular for writing juvenile bestsellers in her day she is better known today as the mother of Anna Sewell the author of Black Beauty. Mary was born into the Quaker faith in 1797 and lived at the Blue Lodge Wick from 1858 to 1864. She had a great love of poetry and wrote Mother's Last Words (which sold millions of copies throughout the world) while living at Wick near Bristol.
 Paul Robert Methric is an American rapper and producer from Detroit Michigan well known as Monoxide Child of the rap group Twiztid.
 Masahiro Usui (碓井 将大 Usui Masahiro born December 3 1991) is a Japanese actor and the second-youngest of the acting group D-BOYS produced by Watanabe Entertainment.
 Rokhsaneh Ghawam-Shahidi is an English actress. She started her career as part of Contact Young Actors Company in 2004 and went on to work for Peskar Productions as a drama workshop leader within the Oldham and Bolton communities. Her theatre credits include East is East Janus (for West Yorkshire Playhouse) Christie Malry's Own Double Entry at the Palace Theatre Manchester Freshly Scratched (for the Battersea Arts Centre) and Rafta Rafta... at the National Theatre.
 Pauline Knipp Hill (died April 2 1990) was an artist in the United States. Her work was shown April 7 2012 - June 3 2012 at the Georgia Museum of Art in Athens Georgia. She grew up in Urbana Illinois.Knipp and George Snow Hill were students of Carl Tracy Hawley in the College of Fine Arts at the University of Syracuse. She followed Hill to Paris France after graduation and they were married on November 16 1925 in St.
 Benjamin Paul Ballance-Drew (born 22 October 1983) primarily known as Plan B or Ben Drew is an English rapper singer-songwriter actor and film director from Forest Gate London. Plan B first emerged as a hip hop artist releasing his critically acclaimed debut album Who Needs Actions When You Got Words in 2006. His second studio album The Defamation of Strickland Banks (2010) was a soul record and went straight to number one on the UK Albums Chart.
 Gregory J. Greg Giraldo (December 11 1965 – September 29 2010) was an American stand-up comedian television personality and lawyer. Giraldo was best known for his appearances on Comedy Central's televised roast specials and for his work on that network's television shows Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn Lewis Black's Root of All Evil and the programming block Stand-Up Nation the last of which he hosted.
 Claude Audran the Younger (1639–1684) the second son of Claude I was born at Lyons. He studied drawing with his uncle Charles in Paris and subsequently went to Rome. On his return he was engaged by Le Brun at Paris and assisted him in his pictures of the 'Passage of the Granicus' the 'Battle of Arbela' and in many other of his works; and was an imitator of his style.
 Liang Shih-chiu (January 6 1903 – November 3 1987) also romanized as Liang Chih-Hwa(梁治華) Liang Shiqiu was a renowned educator writer translator literary theorist and lexicographer.
 Richard V. Riddell is an American lighting designer.He graduated from Knox College with a B.A. with honors in 1972. In 1978 he received his doctorate from Stanford University.He has had extensive teaching experience working at such schools as the University of California San Diego Harvard University. He finally moved to Duke University where he became vice president as well as university secretary and assistant to the president Richard H.
 Bernardo Schiaffino (1678 – 6 May 1725) was an Italian sculptor of the Baroque period active mainly in his natal city of Genoa. He was one of two sculptors in his family along with his younger brother Francesco Maria Schiaffino. He trained with Domenico Parodi. He befriended the Piola family of artists; Domenico Piola provided him with some designs and Bernardo was close friends with his son Paolo Girolamo Piola.
 Davide Carbone (born 1971 Melbourne Australia) is an ARIA Award-winning Australian music producer composer sound designer who began his career as a DJ in the underground dance-music scene of the late 1980s.Carbone has enjoyed a diverse career within the music industry. He has released several records composed music for TV film theatre and video games and created sound design for TV film video games and synthesizers.
 Errol Freeman Brathwaite MNZM (3 April 1924 – 4 December 2005) was a New Zealand author.
 Antonio Carlos Ribeiro Barbosa Lima (born 17 December 1944) is a Brazilian guitarist born in São Paulo. He devotes most of his time as a recitalist on international concert tours and regularly appears as a soloist with numerous major orchestras.
 Vicomte Ludovic-Napoléon Lepic (1839–1889) was a French artist archaeologist and patron of the arts. He is best remembered today as a friend of Edgar Degas who included him in some eleven paintings and pastels. He was among the original Impressionist group and later became a recognised marine painter.
 Dame Jacqueline Wilson DBE FRSL (born 17 December 1945) is an English writer known for her vast and diverse work in children's literature. Her novels commonly deal with such challenging themes as adoption divorce and mental illness. Addressing such issues has made her controversial because her readers are young. From 2005 to 2007 she was British Children's Laureate. For her lifetime contribution as a children's writer Wilson is U.K.
 Frank Bennett (born David Wray in 1959 in Sydney Australia) is an Australian jazz singer (whose stage name is a pun on the names Frank Sinatra and Tony Bennett). His vocal style is clearly influenced by the two singers and the music of the 1940s and 1950s. He is known for his big band renditions of rock and pop singles including Creep by Radiohead Better Man by Pearl Jam and Under the Bridge by the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
 Babu Singh Maan (Punjabi: ਬਾਬੂ ਸਿੰਘ ਮਾਨ ; also known as Maan Maraarhan Wala) is a noted Punjabi songwriter/lyricist of Punjab. He penned the first song of singer Kuldeep Manak's career.
 Konstantin Dimopoulos (born Constantin Dimopoulos 20 December 1954) is a sculptor installation and performance artist.
 Simon Charles Miger (Nemours 19 February 1736 - Paris 28 February 1828) was a French engraver most notable for the plates he produced for La Ménagerie du Muséum national d'histoire naturelle by Lacépède Saint-Hilaire and Cuvier.
 Lyudmila Evgenyevna Ulitskaya (Russian: Людмила Евгеньевна Улицкая born February 21 1943) is a critically acclaimed modern Russian novelist and short-story writer. She was born in the town of Davlekanovo in Bashkiria and grew up in Moscow where she took a degree in genetics from the Moscow State University.
 Michael Layne Turner (April 21 1971 – June 27 2008) was an American comic book artist known for his work on Witchblade Fathom Superman/Batman Soulfire and various covers for DC Comics and Marvel Comics. He was also the president of the entertainment company Aspen MLT.
 Andreas Lill is a German Progressive metal drummer. He is best known for his work as the drummer for the band Vanden Plas.
 Zeca Pagodinho (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈzɛkɐ pɐɡɔˈdʒĩɲu] b. February 4 1959 birth name Jessé Gomes da Silva Filho) is a Brazilian singer/songwriter working in the genres of samba and pagode
 Alexei Vasilievich Mozhaev (Russian: Алексе́й Васи́льевич Можа́ев; October 5 1918 in Vtoraya Sosnovka Saratov Province Soviet Russia – January 23 1994 in Saint Petersburg Russian Federation) - Soviet Russian painter graphic artist and art teacher lived and worked in Leningrad a member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists (before 1992 known as the Leningrad branch of Union of Artists of Russian Federation) regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting most famous for his portrait painting.
 Neil Shepard (January 29 1951 in Fitchburg Massachusetts) is an American poet essayist professor of creative writing and literary magazine editor. He is a recipient of the 1992 Mid-List Press First Series Award for Poetry as well as a recipient of a fellowship from the Virginia Center for the Creative Arts and the MacDowell Colony. He routinely participates in poetry reading events throughout the United States.
 Fabrizio Santafede (c. 1560–1635) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance and early-Baroque periods. He painted in a late-Mannerist style. He was a pupil of his father the painter Francesco Santafede and later a pupil of Francesco Curia and Andrea Sabbatini[citation needed]. Although he was born and died in Naples he traveled extensively including Bologna Florence Rome and Venice in his study of the great masters. He became a merchant of antiquities and paintings himself.
 Eugenio María de Hostos (January 11 1839 – August 11 1903) known as El Gran Ciudadano de las Américas (The Great Citizen of the Americas) was a Puerto Rican educator philosopher intellectual lawyer sociologist and independence advocate.
 Ishmael Scott Reed (born February 22 1938) is an American poet essayist songwriter playwright and novelist as well as being an editor and publisher.
 Leigh Douglass Brackett (December 7 1915 – March 18 1978) was an American author particularly of science fiction. She was also a screenwriter known for her work on such films as The Big Sleep (1945) Rio Bravo (1959) The Long Goodbye (1973) and The Empire Strikes Back (1980).
 Dag Frøland (September 16 1945 – January 26 2010) was a Norwegian comedian revue artist and singer who was best known for his countless impersonations and variety shows in Oslo during the 1970s and 1980s.
 Thomas Sterling North (November 4 1906 – December 22 1974) who used Sterling North professionally was an American writer probably best known for the children's novel Rascal a bestseller in 1963.
 Deborah Cooper is an American professional dance music singer award winning composer and entertainer with several number one and top charting dance music and house music hits.
 Sonya Clark (born 1967 Washington D.C.) is an American artist of Afro-Caribbean heritage. Clark is known for using a variety of materials including human hair and combs to address race culture class and history. Lowery Stokes Sims curator of the Museum of Arts and Design in New York NY wrote Since 2000 Sonya Clark has created startling new art featuring hair and combs.
 Hayley Hutchinson (born 1981 Northumberland England) is a folk/acoustic rock singer from the Yorkshire Wolds England who has released four solo albums and is also a member of The Sorry Kisses.
 Leo Green (30 August 1972) is a British musician broadcaster producer actor musical arranger and concert promoter
 Kim Bo A (Hangul: 김보아; Hanja: 金甫娥; born January 14 1987) commonly known by her stage name Boa is a South Korean idol singer dancer vocal guide. She is a member of the Korean girl group Spica which debuted under B2M Entertainment in 2012.
 Glenn A. Baker (born 28 July 1952) is an Australian journalist commentator and broadcaster well known in Australia for his vast knowledge of Rock music. He has written books and magazine articles on rock music and travel interviewed celebrities managed bands such as Ol' 55 and promoted tours of international stars. In the mid-1980s Baker took the BBC's Rock Brain of the Universe crown three times. Baker was the Australian editor of Billboard for over 20 years.
 Peter Jonathan Hitchens (born 28 October 1951) is an English journalist and author. He has published six books including The Abolition of Britain The Rage Against God and The War We Never Fought. Hitchens writes for Britain's The Mail on Sunday newspaper and is a former foreign correspondent in Moscow and Washington.
 Gustave Satter (12 February 1832 – 1879) was an Austrian-Slovenian composer and pianist.
 Einion Offeiriad (“Einion the Priest”) (d. 1356) was a Welsh language poet and grammarian.Einion lived in Ceredigion where he was a chaplain to Sir Rhys ap Gruffudd ap Hywel ap Gruffudd ab Ednyfed Fychan a wealthy nobleman. Amongst Einion’s surviving poems is an awdl sung is praise of Sir Rhys ap Gruffudd.Einion’s fames lies primarily with his metrical grammar ‘llyfr cerddwriaeth’ the earliest of its kind known in Welsh.
 Pankaj Udhas is an Indian singer in the Indian music industry along with other musicians like Jagjit Singh and Talat Aziz with bringing the Ghazal style to the realm of popular music. Udhas rose to fame for singing in the 1986 film Naam in which his song Chitthi Aayee Hai became an instant hit. Following that he has also performed as a playback singer for numerous films. He has recorded many albums since then and tours the world as an accomplished ghazal singer.
 Giorgos Markopoulos (Greek: Γιώργος Μαρκόπουλος) (born 1951 Messene) is a Greek poet.
 Giuseppe Raffaele Tessitore (Frignano Maggiore near Caserta February 21 1861 - after 1916) was an Italian painter mainly of landscapes and genre scenes.He exhibited at the 1882 Promotrice of Naples: La mia cucina; in 1883 Fiorellino di Primavera in 1885 Pace domestica and a Studio dal vero In 1888 Mysterium and Testina (pastel work) In 1889 Fra i monti del Vomero in 1890 In Terra di Lavoro and Guitar player; in 1891 con Li tetelle de Nannina 14 marzo Ritorno dalla rivista Martedì in Albis al mio paese; and finally in 1896 the work Il pegno venduto.In 1882 at the Mostre of Turin he displayed La brava contadinella and in 1884 at the same exhibition he displayed Amore ai polli. 
 Cardinal Zen is a trip hop electronica chillout and downtempo artist from Philippines. He was part of the Café del Mar roster of artists. He was born in San Fernando Pampanga Philippines.
 Lee Sheriden (born Roger Pritchard 11 April 1949 Horfield Bristol) is a British singer/songwriter and musical director best known as a member of pop group Brotherhood of Man.
 Krisdayanti (born 24 March 1975) often known by her moniker KD is an Indonesian singer and actress. She is the younger sister of Yuni Shara another Indonesian singer. She is the daughter of Trenggono and Rachma Widadiningsih. At the age of 9 she sang a song for the movie Megaloman. Three years later she released her first album Burung-Burung Malam together with the soundtrack album for Catatan Si Emon.
 Anne Judith Kerr OBE (born 14 June 1923) is a German-born British writer and illustrator. She has created both enduring picture books such as the Mog series and The Tiger Who Came To Tea and acclaimed novels for older children such as the autobiographical When Hitler Stole Pink Rabbit which give a child's-eye view of the Second World War.
 Manfred Hausleitner (May 11 1957) is an Austrian drummer.
 Sally Yeh (born September 30 1961) sometimes written as Sally Yip or Yip Sin-Man is a Cantopop singer and actress.
 Marten Andersson (born Mårten Andersson November 26 1974 in Stockholm Sweden) is the bass guitarist for the hard rock and heavy metal groups Lizzy Borden and George Lynch's Lynch Mob. He is also known for smaller TV and movie acting parts as well as authoring a successful music reference book.
 Simon Neale (born 20 January 1977) better known by his stage names Shadow Child and Dave Spoon is a radio DJ and dance music producer. He's also part of the duo Avec alongside Doorly. He was part of the line-up on BBC Radio 1's 'In New DJs We Trust' feature which runs Thursday night/Friday morning 2am to 4am. The DJ has become notable for his hits Bad Girl (At Night) with Lisa Maffia and Baditude with Sam Obernik.
 Lin Hsin Hsin (Chinese: 林欣欣; pinyin: Lín Xīn Xīn) is an IT inventor artist poet and composer from Singapore deeply rooted in mathematics and information technology.She established the first virtual museum website the Lin Hsin Hsin Art Museum in 1994.
 Colin Cameron Allrich (born 1982 Plymouth Massachusetts) is a self-taught Los Angeles-based musician remixer audio engineer and record producer. Colin's career began when he became part of the first wave of musicians releasing music digitally with MP3.com's launch in 1998. During these early years he was known for experimenting with meshing analog sampling and computer sequencing using Jeskola Buzz.
 Carl Robert Holty (1900-1973) was a German-born American abstract painter. Raised in Wisconsin he was the first major abstract painter to gain notoriety from the state. Harold Rosenberg described Holty as a figure of our art history known for his use of color shape and form.
 Baek Ji Hye (Korean: 박지혜 born July 21 1986) better known by her stage name Zia (Korean: 지아) is a South Korean singer.
 Rainer Bloss (also Rainer Blos or Rainer Bloß born in 1946 Saxony) is a German electronic musician. He collaborated with electronic composer Klaus Schulze in the 1980s to produce several albums including Trancefer (1981) Audentity (1981) Aphrica (1984) and Drive Inn (1984).
 Larry Anthony Weir (born April 11 1952) is a songwriter composer producer promoter and managing editor of New Music Weekly magazine. Namesake to his father Larry Weir is the eldest of nine children born to Larry and Maria Weir. Larry's father was an architect/builder and Maria is a teacher and classical pianist.
 Giorgio Nurigiani (1892–1981) was an Italian writer publicist linguist and historian from Rome.
 R. M. Ballantyne (24 April 1825 – 8 February 1894) was a Scottish author of juvenile fiction who wrote more than 100 books. He was also an accomplished artist and exhibited some of his water-colours at the Royal Scottish Academy.
 Paul Galdone (June 2 1907 - November 7 1986) was an illustrator and writer known best for children's picture books.
 Simone Stratigo (Greek: Συμεών Φίλιππος Στρατηγός Symeon Filippos Stratigos; Italian: Simone Filippo Stratico ; ca. 1733 – ca. 1824) was a Greek mathematician and an Nautical science expert who studied and lived in Padova and Pavia in 18th century Italy.
 Emmett Tinley is a singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist best known as frontman for the folk/indie band The Prayer Boat and later for his solo work. He was born in the United States in Chicago but was raised in Ireland. He has travelled extensively and lived in many different places including Amsterdam Swords near Dublin and Arhus in Denmark.
 Jean Stafford (July 1 1915 – March 26 1979) was an American short story writer and novelist who won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction for The Collected Stories of Jean Stafford in 1970.
 Columbus Smith most known as Rahki or Rahki Beats is a Los Angeles based hip hop producer known for his work with mentor DJ Khalil and acts such as The New Royales Eminem Kendrick Lamar Curren$y Evidence ScHoolboy Q 50 Cent Domo Genesis and more.
 Shiyali Ramamrita Ranganathan (About this sound listen ; 12 August 1892 – 27 September 1972) was a mathematician and librarian from India. His most notable contributions to the field were his five laws of library science and the development of the first major analytico-synthetic classification system the colon classification.
 Maurice Garrel (24 February 1923 – 4 June 2011) was a French film actor.Garrel was born in Saint-Servais Isère. He appeared in over a hundred films and was nominated twice for a César Award for best supporting actor: in 1991 for La Discrète and in 2005 for Kings and Queen.Garrel was the father of producer Thierry Garrel and director Philippe Garrel and the grandfather of actor Louis Garrel.Garrel died in Paris aged 88.
 Kato (born Christopher Ju) is a Korean-American music producer/artist. Originally hailing from Fairfax Va in 2006 he moved to Atlanta where he currently resides. Notable artists he has worked with includes Dizzy Wright Jarren Benton Roscoe Dash Lil' Scrappy Kalenna (Diddy Dirty Money) as well as numerous upcoming independent artists like Dumbfoundead and Jarren Benton. His name 'Kato' comes from the 1960s television show The Green Hornet where Bruce Lee plays the role of Kato.
 This article refers to the composer; for the politician see John Garth.John Garth (1721 – 1810) was an English composer born in Harperley near Witton-le-Wear Co. Durham.
 Philip Zandén (born 23 July 1954) is a Swedish actor. He has appeared in more than 60 films and television shows since 1981.
 Katie Jane Perry (born 30 December 1980) is an English-born Australian fashion designer known for her use of jersey fabrics and luxury loungewear fashion line. She has grown the label from the very fashionable Paddington Markets to have an online presence and has most recently opened her own retail oulet in Sydney.
 Kristofer Åström is a Swedish singer-songwriter. He also performs as a member of the band Easy October and fronted the band Fireside.
 Tolia Nikiprowetzky (12 or 25 September 1916 - 5 May 1997) was a French composer and musicologist of Russian birth.
 John Joseph Adams (born 1976) is an American science fiction and fantasy editor critic and publisher.
 Marylou Dawes (June 14 1933 – October 22 2013) was a Canadian concert pianist. She was one of Canada's leading accompanists chamber musicians and soloists. Trained in Calgary and Austria and winner of the ARD International Music Competition for duo with her brother Andrew Dawes in 1962. Marylou and Andrew played a concert for Queen Elizabeth II and The Duke of Edinburgh during their Royal visit to Regina in July 1973.
 Isaac K. Brock (born July 9 1975) is the lead singer guitarist banjoist and songwriter for the American indie rock band Modest Mouse as well as his side project band Ugly Casanova. As a songwriter he is noted for wordplay and frequent use of metaphors philosophical lyrics themes of oppressive rural lifestyles and certain phrases and sayings commonly used in the early to mid-20th century and in blue collar environments.
 Alketa Vejsiu (Born 19 January 1984 in Tirana) is an Albanian singer TV personality producer and radio presenter. She started her career as a radio presenter in Top Albania Radio after that she started singing and hosting TV shows in many television stations in Albania. Her singing career started in her early ages where she participated in RTSH festivals.Right now Vejsiu is a well known producer.
 Ian Kevin Curtis (15 July 1956 – 18 May 1980) was an English musician singer and songwriter. He is best known as the lead singer and lyricist of the post-punk band Joy Division. Joy Division released their debut album Unknown Pleasures in 1979 and recorded their follow-up Closer in 1980.
 David Palmer is a composer. He lives near Croydon in the county of Surrey United Kingdom. He worked as a teacher particularly at Thomas More High School in Purley now in the London Borough of Croydon where he was head of music for 30 years.
 David Keir (1884–1971) was a British film actor.
 Claude Closky is a French artist born in Paris in 1963.
 Nicki Gillis is a female vocalist and entertainer from Australia who was born in Western Australia and grew up a child of entertainer parents from Croatian and Italian backgrounds. She spent her early years working on the family farm just out of Perth as she attended school and watched her parents work at nights in various entertainment venues around Western Australia.
 Linda Rocchi (Florence July 9 1857-?) was an Italian painter mainly of watercolors of flowers.
 Richard McCann is a writer of fiction nonfiction and poetry. He lives in Washington D.C. where he is a longtime professor in the MFA Program in Creative Writing at American University.A gay writer he is the author of Mother of Sorrows a collection of linked stories that novelist Michael Cunningham has described as unbearably beautiful.[citation needed] It won the 2005 John C.
 Cahir O'Doherty (born 1977) is a musician and songwriter from Derry Northern Ireland. He is the vocalist and guitarist in the alternative rock band Fighting with Wire. O'Doherty is also a member of the Derry/London band Jetplane Landing in which he plays lead guitar. As of 2006 Cahir has also taken on bass duties for indie band Seafood (usually when on tour). Recently played the acoustic guitar when performing with Frank Turner and Reading and Leeds festivals (2013).
 Abdelkrim Brahmi-Benalla a.k.a. Rim'K (born 21 June 1978 in Paris France) is a French rapper of Algerian descent. Rim'K was born and raised in the Parisian suburb of Vitry-sur-Seine. His family is originally from Barbacha in Algeria and is mentioned many times in his lyrics.He is a member of the group 113 alongside Mokobé and AP and the super-group music collective Mafia K-1 Fry. He also has a group called Maghreb United.
 Greg Abate (born May 31 1947 Fall River Massachusetts) is a jazz saxophonist flautist composer and arranger. He grew up in Woonsocket Rhode Island. In the fifth grade he began to play clarinet.After high school he attended Berklee College of Music in Boston and after spending some years gigging in California returned to Berklee in 1972 to finish his education.
 Darryl Ponicsan (pronounced PAHN-i-son; born May 26 1938) is an American writer. He is best known as the author of the 1971 novel The Last Detail which was adapted into a 1973 movie starring Jack Nicholson; and for the 1973 novel and screenplay Cinderella Liberty starring James Caan. Ponicsan writes mystery novels under the pen name Anne Argula.
 Dru Berrymore (born 11 August 1969 as Nicole Tanja Hilbig) is an East German pornographic actress.She had a small uncredited role in David Lynch's 1997 film Lost Highway. She was also in Die Hard 2 in a very small role playing Capt. Carmine Lorenzo's (Dennis Franz) secretary.
 Ulrich Lange (died 1549) was a composer and Thomaskantor from 1540 to 1549.
 Manuel Ortiz Guerrero (16 July 1897 – 5 August 1933) was a Paraguayan poet and musician
 Sean Ardoin (Lake Charles Louisiana 1970) is an American zydeco musician and singer. He is grandson of patriarch Alphonse Bois Sec Ardoin son of zydeco drummer and band leader Lawrence Black Ardoin and older brother of hip-hop zydeco accordionist Chris Ardoin - on whose albums he has appeared. Sean Ardoin is best known for the release of a 2009 album How Great is Your Love which marked the first notable zydeco Gospel album.
 David Jost's career as an international songwriter music producer and remixer has a track record of 74 platinum & 108 gold records and 14 No. 1 hits. He has worked with platinum selling artist like Lady Gaga Chris Brown Tokio Hotel Limp Bizkit Selena Gomez Nelly Furtado Keri Hilson Aura Dione Adam Lambert etc... .
 Jerry De La Cruz (born 1948) is an American fine artist born and raised in Denver Colorado. He was the first living Mexican American artist to have his work acquired for the Permanent Collection of the Denver Art Museum (1986). He was also commissioned to create a commemorative digital photo mosaic for the grand opening of the new Libeskind wing of the same museum (2006).
 Alexis Fire is an American pornographic actress and prostitute at the Moonlite Bunny Ranch. She began performing around 2000 and has since appeared in around 35 films.She appeared on the HBO documentary Cathouse about the Moonlite Bunny Ranch a brothel near Carson City Nevada. She has also appeared on Playboy Nightcalls Playboy 411 the BBC documentary Sex Warts and Everything The Jenny Jones Show Showtime's Family Business The Dr.
 Zion.T (hangul: 자이언티 Jaieonti born 13 April 1989) is a South Korean hip hop artist and record producer managed by agency Amoeba Culture. He started his career with collaborations and went on to release acclaimed solo records. MTV Iggy called his solo album Red Light Korea’s Best R&B/Soul Album of the Year in 2013.
 Tim Miner is an American gospel/R&B singer-songwriter and instrumentalist. He has also produced arranged and composed music for many other artists.Miner released three albums on Christian labels in the 1980s before releasing a self-titled album on Motown Records which is a reworking of his previous album True Story with new material. song.
 Brian Harmon better known by his stage name Champtown is an American rapper disc jockey film director and teacher from Detroit Michigan. Founder of the Straight Jacket independent record label Champtown is known for helping establish the careers of a number of Detroit hip hop artists including Kid Rock and Eminem. He has also worked with Ice-T Rev Run Public Enemy and Uncle Kracker.
 Julia Taylor (born on November 3 1978 in Budapest Hungary) is a European adult film actress. She has done many movies for Private Media Group such as the part of Cleopatra in Private's releases Private Gold #61: Cleopatra and Private Gold #64: Cleopatra #2 – The Legend of Eros.
 Russ Chimes is a producer remixer and DJ based in London who produced a song titled 'Back 2 You' and a UK #40 hit with Turn Me Out. In addition he is a member of the Valerie collective.
 Vasily Shcherbakov (Russian: Василий Фёдорович Щербаков Vasily Fyodorovitch Shcherbakov; Born June 19 1969) is a Russian pianist professor and composer.Vasily Shcherbakov is a Candidate of Pedagogic Sciences (2010) a professor and the Director of the Piano Department of the Moscow State University of Culture and Arts a docent of the Moscow Conservatory a docent of the Piano Organ Department M. Ippolitova-Ivanova Moscow State Music and Pedagogy Institute.
 Alfonso Elizalde Bello (March 31 1947 - January 3 2014) was a Mexican engineer.
 Abbas Jafri (Urdu: عباس جعفری‎) is a Pakistani male model and a former cricketer. Jafri is two times Best Male Model Lux Style Awards winner and one time Hum Awards winner.
 Jarl André Bjerke (born 30 January 1918 in Oslo died 10 January 1985) was a Norwegian writer and poet. His debut was in 1940 with a collection of poems Syngende Jord (Singing Earth). He has written a wide range of material: poems (both for children and adults) mystery novels (four of them under the pseudonym Bernhard Borge) essays and articles. He was known as a master translator and translated works by Shakespeare Molière Goethe Racine etc. into elegant Norwegian.
 Nguyễn Trọng Trí penname Hàn Mặc Tử (September 22 1912 - November 11 1940) was a Vietnamese poet. He was the most celebrated Vietnamese Catholic literary figure during the colonial era.He was born Nguyễn Trọng Trí at Lệ Mỹ Village Đồng Hới District Quảng Bình Province. His pen names included: Minh Duệ Phong Trần Lệ Thanh and finally Hàn Mặc Tử by which name is known today. He grew up in a poor family his father having died when he was young. He showed poetic talent at a young age.
 Antoine Houdar de la Motte (18 January 1672 – 26 December 1731) was a French author.De la Motte was born and died in Paris. In 1693 his comedy Les Originaux (Les originaux ou l'Italien) was a complete failure and so depressed the author that he contemplated joining the Trappists. Four years later he began writing texts for operas and ballets e.g. L'Europe galante (1697) and tragedies one of which Inès de Castro (1723) was an immense success at the Theâtre Français.
 Holly Kearl is an author who is best known for her book Stop Street Harassment. She is a National Street Harassment Expert. Kearl oversees the Legal Advocacy Council. She received a bachelor's degree from Santa Clara University and a master's degree from George Washington University.
 A recipient of five Grammy Awards Al McKay (born February 2 1948 in New Orleans Louisiana) is an American guitarist songwriter producer and former member of the American funk band Earth Wind & Fire. Al used to lead his own group Al McKay's L.A.
 Stella Dorothea Gibbons (5 January 1902 – 19 December 1989) was an English author journalist and poet. She established her reputation with her first novel Cold Comfort Farm (1932) which won the literary Prix Femina Étranger and has been reprinted many times. Although she was active as a writer for half a century none of her later 22 novels or other literary works—which included a sequel to Cold Comfort Farm—achieved the same critical or popular success.
 Henry Francis Montgomery Stuart (29 April 1902 – 2 February 2000) was an Irish writer. His novels have been described as having a thrusting modernist iconoclasm. He was awarded the highest artistic accolade in Ireland before his death in 2000. His years spent in Nazi Germany have led to a great deal of controversy.
 Eiji Takemoto (竹本 英史 Takemoto Eiji born March 7 1973 in Yamaguchi Prefecture) is a Japanese voice actor. His name is sometimes mistranslated and also sometimes credited as being Hidefumi Takemoto (Takemoto Hidefumi). Takemoto's nickname is Takepon. Takemoto works at Aoni Production.
 Warren Mahy is an artist whose work has appeared in role-playing games.
 Madame Papavoine née Pellecier (born c. 1735 fl. 1755-61) was a French composer. She married violinist Louis-August Papavoine some time before 1755. Nothing else is known about Madame Papavoine; even her first name is a mystery. After 1761 her name is no longer mentioned.
 Tomás Mac Eoin (born 1937) is an Irish sean-nós singer an affectionate actor singer songwriter and poet. He is best known as Tomás 'Jimmy' Mac Eoin from An Bóthar Buí in An Cheathrú Rua Conamara Galway Ireland.Irish is the spoken language although Tomás like most others in the area is proficient in English also. As with many people in the West his life seems to revolve around music. Although probably too modest to ever admit it he seems to have an unending capacity for song-making.
 Balantrapu Rajanikanta Rao B.A. (Telugu: బాలాంత్రపు రజనీకాంత రావు) (born January 29 1920) is the son of Kavi Rajahamsa Balantrapu Venkata Rao who was one of the modern Telugu poet-duo Venkata Parvateswara Kavulu. He is a well-known writer composer and poet in the Telugu language. He has won several national and state level awards for his work.
 Doug Inglish is an American photographer mostly known for his celebrity and portrait photography.
 Billy Herrington (born July 14 1969 North Babylon Long Island New York) is a bisexual American actor best known for his work in gay pornography.
 Dorival Caymmi (April 30 1914 – August 16 2008) was a Brazilian singer songwriter actor and painter active for more than 70 years beginning in 1933. He contributed to the birth of Brazil's bossa nova movement and several of his samba pieces such as Samba da Minha Terra Doralice and Saudade da Bahia have become staples of Música Popular Brasileira.
 Isidore Jules Bonheur (Bordeaux 15 May 1827 – 10 November 1901 Paris) best known as one of the 19th century's most distinguished French animalier sculptors. Bonheur began his career as an artist working with his elder sister Rosa Bonheur in the studio of their father drawing instructor Raymond Bonheur. Initially working as a painter Isidore Jules Bonheur make his Salon debut in 1848.
 James Curtis (4 July 1907 - 1977) was a British author who was best known for his novels They Drive By Night and There Ain't No Justice both of which were made into feature films.
 Marilyn Moore is an American contemporary basketmaker.Moore has shown her work in galleries throughout the country since 1994 including sculpture and functional art in New York and Chicago the del Mano Gallery Los Angeles the Fountainhead Gallery Seattle and the Smithsonian in Washington DC.In 1997 she received a Bachelor of Fine Arts with an emphasis on fiber arts at the University of Washington and has contributed to books on basketmaking and textile techniques including Metal for Jewelers Textile Artists & Sculptors by Arline Fisch and Baskets Tradition and Beyond by Leier Peters and Wallace.Moore has produced instructional CDs particularly Pine Needle Basket Making and Introduction to Coiling with Katherine Thomas. 
 Jheryl Busby (May 5 1949 – November 4 2008) was an American recording company executive who was the former President and Chief Executive Officer of Motown Records.
 Desirée Annette Weeks (born 30 November 1968) stage name Des'ree /dəˈsriː/ is a British R&B recording artist who rose to popularity during the 1990s. She is well known for her hits: Feel So High (for which were recorded two different music videos) You Gotta Be Life and Kissing You (from the soundtrack of the film William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet). Des'ree has not released any new material since 2003's Dream Soldier.
 Alfredo Pimentel Co 许培堆 (born November 30 1949) is the foremost Sinologist in the Philippines and a leading Philosopher in the Southeast Asia. He was the founding president of the Philosophy Circle of the Philippines. In 2008 he was the only Asian scholar so far to deliver a plenary lecture at the Conférence Mondiale des Institutions Universitaires Catholiques de Philosophie (COMIUCAP).
 Abraham Mazumder is an Indian conductor and violinist. He is a former member of the Bangla band Moheener Ghoraguli and has been active in Kolkata's western classical music world since the 1970s.
 Alexander Baron ((1917-12-04)4 December 1917 – 6 December 1999(1999-12-06)) was a British author and screenwriter. He is best known for his highly acclaimed novel about D-Day entitled From the City from the Plough (1948) and his London novel The Lowlife (1963).
 Majesty Rochelle York (born February 29 1992) better known as Majesty Rose is an African American Female singer from Goldsboro North Carolina. She was a finalist on the thirteenth season of American Idol finishing in 9th place.
 Alejandra Robles Suastegui (born in Puerto Escondido Oaxaca Mexico - November 28) is a dancer and singer of traditional music. Her musical style represents her Afro-Mexican roots and that of the indigenous peoples of Latin America in addition to the regional music of Mexico Colombia and the Caribbean. Her style is based on the sounds of the coast of Oaxaca Guerrero and Veracruz.
 Billy Hodges (born November 26 1970 in Martin Tennessee) joined the Kingdom Heirs as tenor in February 2005. He has previously sung for the Dixie Echoes Florida Boys (1995–1997) and Under Grace.He was a firefighter and first responder in Union City Tennessee from 1999-2001. Hodges had been working as the recreational director for Marcus Point Baptist Church in Pensacola Florida prior to joining the Kingdom Heirs; it was his return to performing Gospel music.
 Ugo Marotta (September 23 1942 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian musician conductor arranger composer keyboards and vibraphonist. He took part at the Brazilian music movements Bossa Nova and Musicanossa.
 Victor Celorio (born July 27 1957 in Mexico City) is an author entrepreneur inventor and former union organizer. He lives and works in Gainesville Florida.
 Pavlos Sidiropoulos (Greek: Παύλος Σιδηρόπουλος; July 27 1948 – 6 December 1990) was a Greek musician noted for supporting the use of Greek lyrics in rock music at a time when most Greek rock groups were using English lyrics.
 Roy Mitchell-Cárdenas (born July 25 1977 in Houston Texas) is a Mexican-American musician and writer. He is the bassist (and sometimes guitarist) for the rock band Mutemath. Mitchell-Cárdenas has been playing in bands since he was twelve years old and has worked as a session musician and producer for many groups.
 Rebecca Parris (born December 28 1951 in Newton Massachusetts) is an American jazz singer.
 John Donne (/ˈdʌn/ DUN) (between 24 January and 19 June 1572 – 31 March 1631) was an English poet satirist lawyer and a cleric in the Church of England. He is considered the pre-eminent representative of the metaphysical poets. His works are noted for their strong sensual style and include sonnets love poems religious poems Latin translations epigrams elegies songs satires and sermons.
 Louis Stanislas Marin-Lavigne (1797 - 1860) was a French painter and lithographer. Many of his lithographs today are in major collections in London and New York City.He obtained his first instruction in painting from Anne-Louis Girodet de Roussy-Trioson and from 1814 to 1819 followed the courses of the Ecole des Beaux Arts. He first exhibited both as a painter and lithographer in 1824. His best known work ' The Extreme Unction' painted in 1824 was reported to be in the collection of M.
 Pu Songling (simplified Chinese: 蒲松龄; traditional Chinese: 蒲松齡; pinyin: Pú Sōnglíng; Wade–Giles: P'u Sung-ling June 5 1640 – February 25 1715) was a Qing Dynasty Chinese writer best known as the author of Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio.
 David Randall Silveria (born September 21 1972 in San Leandro California) is a drummer best known as the drummer for the band Korn from 1993 until leaving the band in 2006. In January 2012 Silveria announced that he is the drummer of INFINIKA ending his 6 year hiatus from the music industry.
 Dan Levy (born March 19 1981) is an American comedian actor writer and producer from Stamford Connecticut. He currently lives in Los Angeles California.
 Thomas Francis Dillon Croker FSA FRGS (1831–1912) was a British antiquary and poet. In the literature he is usually referred to as T. F. Dillon Croker.He was the only child of Thomas Crofton Croker some of whose works he revised and edited. At the time of his father's death he was a clerk in the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company.
 Lu Yongfu (born December 1922) is a Chinese translator and Director of the Chinese Translation Association.He is most notable for being one of the main translators into Chinese of the works of the Russian novelist Alesksandr Pushkin. For his contributions to the introduction of American literature to foreign readers he was honored with a Pushkin Souvenir Medal by the Government of the Russian Federation in 1999.
 Gnani (born 1954 as Sankaran) is a popular writer in the Tamil language. He has also written articles under the pseudonyms Vamban Cynic and Nandan and is known for frank and uncompromising views on politics and culture which he has expressed in the media for 30 years. He plays multiple roles in newspapers magazines plays and films.
 Antonio Carlos Ferreira (born June 13 1964) known by his stage name Tony Ray is a singer musician and composer who first was known as a member of Jabuticaba Stock Rock Band. He is considered one of the most versatile musicians of the Brazilian scene.
 Charlaine Harris (born November 25 1951) is a New York Times bestselling author who has been writing mysteries for thirty years. She was born and raised in the Mississippi River Delta area of the United States. She now lives in southern Arkansas with her husband and three children. Though her early works consisted largely of poems about ghosts and later teenage angst she began writing plays when she attended Rhodes College in Memphis Tennessee. She began to write books a few years later.
 Rosemary Disney is an international designer.
 Alexander Kaufmann (14 May 1817 – 1 May 1893) was a German poet and folklorist from Bonn.
 Ahmed Ahmed (Arabic: أحمد أحمد‎ IPA: [ˈæħmæd]; born June 27 1970) is an Egyptian-born American actor and comedian.
 Yau Leung (邱良) (1941–1997) was a well regarded photographer in Hong Kong. Professionally a unit still photographer for Shaw Brothers Studio he is also known for his photographs of Hong Kong street life.A selection of his photographs edited by Sum Yi Ching was published posthumously in 1999 under the title Images of Hong Kong 1960's-1970's.
 Mah Sharaf Khanom Mastoureh Ardalan or Mastura Ardalan (1805 –1848) was a Kurdish poet and writer. She was born in Sanandaj in north-western Iran and deceased in Sulaymaniyah in present-day north-eastern Iraq. She was a member of the feudal aristocracy in the court of the Ardalan principality centered in Senna. She studied Kurdish Arabic and Persian under the supervision of her father Abolhasan Beig Qadiri. Her husband Khasraw Khani Ardalan was the ruler of the principality.
 Pauline McLynn (born 11 July 1962 in Sligo) is an Irish character comedy actress and author best known for playing roles such as Mrs Doyle in the Channel 4 sitcom Father Ted and Libby Croker in the Channel 4 comedy drama Shameless.
 Arthur Parker Whetsel (February 22 1905 - May 1 1940) was an early sweet trumpeter for Duke Ellington's Washingtonians.Art Whetsel was born in Punta Gorda Florida one of two children of the Reverend Oscar N. Whetsel an elder in the Seventh-Day Adventist Church originally of Piqua Ohio and Lucy W. Parker a schoolteacher originally from Marion County Alabama.
 Alexander Goldscheider (born June 22 1950 Prague) is a Czech-born composer music producer and computer specialist living since 1981 in London. He read music at Charles University in Prague and received a PhD for the analysis of the music of The Beatles. Initially a music writer critic and radio/club DJ (1968–73) he moved to songwriting and music production becoming a staff producer at Supraphon (1976–79) where he produced a number of pop rock and jazz LPs of Czech singers and bands.
 George Hurley (born September 4 1958 in Brockton Massachusetts) is a drummer noted for his work with Minutemen and Firehose.Even though he went to the same high school as D. Boon and Mike Watt he did not meet them until around 1978. That same year Hurley formed The Reactionaries with Boon Watt and Martin Tamburovich. After The Reactionaries split George joined a Hollywood new wave band called Hey Taxi!.
 Dorothy Foster was a British actress.
 Horace (born Horatio) Smith (31 December 1779 – 12 July 1849) was an English poet and novelist perhaps best known for his participation in a sonnet-writing competition with Percy Bysshe Shelley. It was of him that Shelley said: Is it not odd that the only truly generous person I ever knew who had money enough to be generous with should be a stockbroker? He writes poetry and pastoral dramas and yet knows how to make money and does make it and is still generous.
 Mitsuru Yūki is a female Japanese novelist who is famed for her work Shōnen Onmyōji.Her current work Shōnen Onmyōji is currently serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's The Beans and Beans Ace.
 Simon Spurrier is a British comics writer who has previously worked as a cook a bookseller and an art director for the BBC.Getting his start in comics with the British small press he went on to write his own series for 2000 AD like Lobster Random Bec & Kawl The Simping Detective and Harry Kipling as well as a number of stories for the flagship character Judge Dredd. In recent years he has broken into the American comic book industry writing mainly for Marvel Comics.
 Dale Martindale (born January 21 1961) is a Canadian born vocalist best known as the lead singer for the new wave band Images in Vogue. In addition to his work with Images in vogue Dale Martindale has had several side projects including 69 Duster and Primary (Canadian band) as well as Pretty Volume and numerous solo performances under his own name.
 Anne Judell (born 1942) is an Australian artist and winner of the 2011 Dobell Prize for drawing.Judell was born in Melbourne in 1942 and studied at RMIT University. She moved to Sydney in 1977 and then to the New South Wales southern highlands in 1992.In 1967 Judell married Fred Cress a British migrant who had come to Australia in 1962.
 Josef Škvorecký CM (Czech pronunciation: [ˈjozɛf ˈʃkvorɛtskiː] ; September 27 1924 – January 3 2012) was a Czech-Canadian writer and publisher who spent much of his life in Canada. Škvorecký was awarded the Neustadt International Prize for Literature in 1980. He and his wife were long-time supporters of Czech dissident writers before the fall of communism in that country.
 Lounès Matoub (in Kabyle: Lwennas Maṭub in Tifinagh: ⵍⵡⴻⵏⵏⴰⵙ ⵎⴰⵟⵓⴱ Algerian Arabic: معطوب لوناس) (January 24 1956 – June 25 1998) is a famous Berber Kabyle singerpoetthinker and mondol player who was a prominent advocate of the Berber cause human rights and secularism in Algeria throughout his life.
 Robert Jay Bobby LaKind (November 3 1945 – December 24 1992) was a conga player vocalist songwriter and occasional live backup drummer with The Doobie Brothers. He was originally a lighting roadie for the band. After observing LaKind goofing around on the congas after a concert the band took notice of his talent and asked him to join as a sideman for studio sessions.He sessioned with the band from 1976 and joined them onstage as well.
 DJCXL is a New Zealand Hip hop DJ producer and member of the band Ill Semantics. He is the 2003 NZ Disco Mix Club Champion[citation needed].He has collaborated with many New Zealand and International artists on various tracks including King Kapisi's Second Round KO and Dazzling DJ with Black Wall Street Japan's S.H.O.
 Cassie Davis (born 1987) is an Australian singer songwriter and producer from Perth Western Australia. In addition to vocals Cassie can play the guitar piano keyboard and sampler all of which she plays at some point on her debut album Differently.
 Nikki Nelson (born January 3 1969 in La Mesa California) is an American country music singer. At the age of 7 her family moved to Topaz Lake Nevada. In 1991 she replaced Paulette Carlson as lead vocalist for the band Highway 101 and their first album together was that year's Bing Bang Boom.
 Shelia P. Moses born in the small rural northeastern North Carolina town of Rich Square is an African-American writer whose subjects include comedian Dick Gregory and The Legend of Buddy Bush.
 Erja Lyytinen (born July 7 1976) is a Finnish blues guitarist and singer-songwriter.
 Gloria Leonard (born Gale Sandra Klinetsky; August 28 1940 – February 3 2014) was an American pornographic actress who became the publisher of High Society magazine. As a board member of Adult Video Association and its successor the Free Speech Coalition Leonard was an outspoken advocate for the adult film industry and free speech rights.
 Gordon James Brown is a Scottish author of primarily crime fiction. As of 2013 he has published three books Falling 59 Minutes and The Catalyst.
 Luigi Pellegrini Scaramuccia (1616–1680) was an Italian painter and artist biographer of the Baroque period. He was a pupil along with Giovanni Domenico Cerrini of the painter Guido Reni.Born in Perugia he left paintings throughout the peninsula including Rome Bologna and Milan. He is more highly regarded as a biographer or historian than the former.
 Matthew Gregory Lewis (9 July 1775 – 16 May 1818) was an English novelist and dramatist often referred to as Monk Lewis because of the success of his classic Gothic novel The Monk.
 Jehan Suzay (sometimes written Susay Suzoy or Susoy) (fl. c. 1380 – after 1391) was a French composer of the Middle Ages.
 Tim Myers (born 30 November 1984) is an American singer songwriter and musician born in Orange California.Myers is also known for co-writing singing and playing bass in the band OneRepublic from 2004-2007.As a solo artist his single Under Control reached #68 on the US Charts.
 Sir William Beechey (12 December 1753 – 28 January 1839) English portrait-painter was born at Burford the son of William Beechey (*1732) and Hannah Read (*c1732).
 Scott Matthews (born 1976) is a singer/songwriter from Wolverhampton England.His first album Passing Stranger was released on 13 March 2006 on San Remo Records before being re-released on Island Records later in the year. Janice Long was the first of the BBC DJs to play his music. Soon tracks from Passing Stranger were also being played by Mark Radcliffe and Bob Harris on BBC Radio 2.
 Maxine Brown (born April 27 1932) is an American country music singer who was originally a member of the successful 1950s trio The Browns before a brief solo career.
 David Bennett Cohen (born August 4 1942) is an American musician best known as the original keyboardist for the late-1960s psychedelic rock and blues band Country Joe and the Fish.
 Rick Altergott is a professional illustrator and cartoonist residing in Pawtucket Rhode Island with his wife fellow cartoonist Ariel Bordeaux. Their collaborative comic book Raisin Pie is published by Fantagraphics.Altergott is best known for Doofus a long-running series published by Fantagraphics notorious for its low-brow scatological humor.
 Albert Jaegers (March 28 1868 – July 22 1925) was an American sculptor.
 Martin Lesley Crandall (born April 20 1975) is the former keyboardist of The Shins who also played bass guitar during some live performances allowing fellow band member Dave Hernandez to play electric guitar. Crandall is originally from Albuquerque New Mexico and spent some of his high school years in Las Vegas Nevada (where he formed a band called Captain Go). He previously resided along with the rest of the band in Portland Oregon.
 Pär Fabian Lagerkvist (23 May 1891 – 11 July 1974) was a Swedish author who received the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1951.Lagerkvist wrote poems plays novels stories and essays of considerable expressive power and influence[citation needed] from his early 20s to his late 70s. One of his central themes was the fundamental question of good and evil which he examined through such figures as Barabbas the man who was freed instead of Jesus and the Persian King Ahasuerus.
 Natalis Nat Chan born 3 December 1950 in Hong Kong is a Hong Kong television host film actor and producer.Besides his duties as a variety show host he has also been a horse racing commentator and horse trainer. In total his horses have won 54 races including the hard to achieve triple-trifecta six times.[citation needed]In the recent decade he invested in Star East with Eric Tsang.
 Tujamo is a music producer who along with Plastik Funk and Sneakbo released the single Dr. Who! which peaked at number 21 on the UK Singles Chart.
 Edoardo De Martino or Edoardo Federico De Martino (Salerno 1836 - London 12 May 1912)was an Italian-British painter mainly active in London as a painter of warships and marine battles.
 Mohammad Din Zakhil (محمد دين زاخيل - famous as Ustad Zakhil) is a singer/composer from Afghanistan. Zakhil composed over 700 songs for many Afghan singers. Da Zamoong Zeeba Watan Pa Loyo Ghro Banday Ra Taw Shwal Toofanona and Sanga Meena Zma Sta Wa are a few of his classic compositions.The lyrics and music of Wro Wro Kaigda Qadamoona Ashna which were used in a Hollywood movie The Passion of Christ were also composed and created by him.
 Finn Andrews is lead singer and songwriter of London based band The Veils.
 Demetrios Capetanakis or Kapetanakis or Capetanaces (Greek: Δημήτριος Καπετανάκης; 22 January 1912 Smyrna – 9 March 1944 London) was a Greek poet essayist and critic. For the last five years of his life (1939-1944) he lived in Britain and associated with the Bloomsbury Set writing some poetry in English.
 Fahd Ballan (Arabic: فهد بلان‎) (1933–1997 Suwayda) was a popular Syrian Druze singer and actor. Like most of his generation of artists who started their show business careers in the early sixties he was exposed to a world of influences of those decades of music glory. His voice and looks made him a symbol of masculinity and won him many acting roles in his youth.Fahd Ballan traveled to Egypt and worked with Farid al-Atrash. He married actress Mariam Fakhr Eddin and had an acting career.
 Kristin Carlson Gore (born June 5 1977) is an American author and screenwriter. She is the second daughter of Al and Tipper Gore and the sister of Karenna Gore Schiff Sarah and Albert III.
 Ernesto Tamariz Galicia (11 January 1904 – 30 September 1988) was a 20th-century Mexican sculptor specialized in public monuments religious statues and funerary art.His most famous work is Altar to the Fatherland (Altar a la patria) a memorial to the Mexican cadets killed during the Battle of Chapultepec (Niños Héroes).
 Michael Hoeye (born 1947 in Los Angeles California) is the author of The Hermux Tantamoq Adventures series of children's fiction mystery novels - Time Stops for No Mouse The Sands Of Time No Time Like Show Time and the newest book in the series Time to Smell the Roses. Hoeye has been variously a farmer fashion photographer and high-school teacher.
 Lucien Dulfan (Russian: Люсьен Вениаминович Дульфан) (born 1942 in Frunze Kyrgyz SSR) is an American conceptual artist. When working in former USSR he was considered Nonconformist artist.Born in Frunze Kyrgyzstan barely escaping Odessa massacre during German and Romanian occupation of Odessa Ukraine. Lived in Odessa Ukraine from 1946 until he immigrated with his family to United States in 1990 and has since lived in Manhattan New York. He works in his art studio in D.U.M.B.O.
 Shaun Cooper is the bassist in the rock bands Taking Back Sunday Straylight Run and Destry.
 Mary Renault (/ˈrɛnoʊlt/; 4 September 1905 – 13 December 1983) born Eileen Mary Challans was an English writer best known for her historical novels set in Ancient Greece. In addition to vivid fictional portrayals of Theseus Socrates Plato and Alexander the Great she wrote a non-fiction biography of Alexander.
 Rodney Allan Atkins (born March 28 1969) is an American country music artist. Signed to Curb Records in 1996 he charted his first single on the Billboard country chart in 1997 but did not release an album until 2003's Honesty which included the number 4 hit Honesty (Write Me a List).If You're Going Through Hell his second album was released in 2006.
 Dale Peck (born 1967 on Long Island New York) is an American novelist critic and columnist. His 2009 novel Sprout won the Lambda Literary Award for LGBT Children's/Young Adult literature and was a finalist for the Stonewall Book Award in the Children's and Young Adult Literature category.
 Alisha Klass (born in Chino California) is a former American pornographic actress. She began starring in pornographic movies around 1997 specializing in anal sex and becoming the best known collaborator with director Seymore Butts aka Adam Glasser to whom she was once engaged.
 Dave Lee (born 18 June 1964) is a British DJ and house music producer also known by the stage name Joey Negro. He has released music under a variety of pseudonyms including Jakatta Doug Willis Raven Maize Sessomatto as well as being part of The Sunburst Band. Lee has scored a number of Top 40 hits among them American Dream So Lonely and My Vision all under the name Jakatta.
 Vladimír Mišík (born 8 March 1947) is a Czech rock guitarist and singer. His first band called Uragán he founded as teenager. Then he was lead singer of Komety (with Radim Hladík). With his friend Radim Hladík he was also member of The Matadors and with Hladík in 1968 he was co-founded Blue Effect. In 1970 he left Blue Effect and became a member of Flamengo. He was also shortly member of Energit. In 1974 he founded his own band called Etc... where he still plays.
 Momtaz Begum (Bengali: মমতাজ বেগম) is a Bangladeshi singer and producer of Bengali folk music. She is also known as The Music Queen popular for her unconventional lyrics. During her international career which has spanned two decades she has recorded around 700 albums. In 2009 she was appointed a member of the Parliament of Bangladesh. Momtaz married Abdur Rashid Sorkar a teacher of folk songs.
 Lisa Teresita Pacheco Macuja-Elizalde (born October 3 1964) is a Prima Ballerina. In 1984 she became the first Filipina prima ballerina and first foreign soloist to ever join the Kirov Ballet. In the Philippines she is the Artistic Director of Ballet Manila and Vice-Chairman of the Philippine UNESCO National Commission. She was also the Commissioner of the National Commission on the Role of Filipino Women.
 Stephen Youll (born June 8 1965 in Hartlepool England) is one of today's top science fiction art talents. He got his start in the genre when his work done in conjunction with his twin brother Paul was seen in 1987 at the 45th World Science Fiction Convention in Brighton England. His first commission a collaboration with Paul was for the cover painting for Emerald Eyes by Daniel Keys Moran that was published by Bantam Books.
 Imafuji Chōtatsurō (今藤長龍郎)(born 1969) is a Japanese shamisen player in the nagauta tradition. He is classically trained as an accompanist to kabuki chanters but performs in a number of related styles as well such as buyō (traditional Japanese dance).
 Alan Clarke (28 October 1935 – 24 July 1990) was an English television and film director producer and writer.
 Seán Ó Neachtain Irish poet and writer c. 1645x50?–9 March 1729.
 Jesse Randall Baxter Jr. (1887 – January 29 1960) known professionally as J.R. Baxter and sometimes referred to as Pap was an American Southern Gospel composer and publisher.
 Alastair Moock (born 1973 New York New York United States) is an independent American folk and children's music performer from Boston Massachusetts. He is known for his gruff voice thoughtful lyrics and fingerpicking guitar style.
 William Scott (15 February 1913 – 28 December 1989) was a British artist known for still life and abstract painting. He is the most internationally celebrated of 20th century Ulster painters.
 Annie Yi (Chinese: 伊能靜; pinyin: Yī Néngjìng; Japanese: Inō Shizuka; born March 4 1969) also known as Annie Shizuka Inoh is a Taiwanese singer actress and writer. Born Wu Jingyi (simplified Chinese: 吴静怡; traditional Chinese: 吳靜怡; pinyin: Wú Jìngyí) in Taipei Taiwan she changed her name to Inō Shizuka after her mother remarried a Japanese man and then simplified her new name to Yi Nengjing upon returning to Taiwan in 1988 to launch her singing career.
 Loren D. Estleman (born September 15 1952 in Ann Arbor Michigan) is an American writer of detective and Western fiction.
 Carlo Gabriel Redgrave Nero (born Sparanero 16 September 1969 London) is an Italian-English screenwriter and film director.
 Karl Ballmer (23 February 1891 – 7 September 1958) was a Swiss painter anthroposophical philosopher and writer.
 Jeannie Pepper (born July 9 1958 in Chicago Illinois) is a pornographic actress. She began in the business in 1982 at age 24 and has appeared in over 200 adult films. She was still an active actress as recently as 2007 participating in the mature adult genre.Pepper was inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame in 1997 the first African American woman to be recognized with that honor. She was inducted into the XRCO Hall of Fame in 2008.
 Mladen Vojičić widely known by the nickname/stagename Tifa (born 17 October 1960) is a Bosnian rock vocalist. He became famous throughout former Yugoslavia for his brief stint as the lead singer of Bijelo dugme in mid-1980s. Apart from Bijelo dugme he sang in numerous bands with varying degrees of prominence (most notable being Teška industrija Vatreni poljubac and Divlje Jagode).
 Brian Doherty (born June 1 1968) is an American journalist. He is a Senior Editor at Reason magazine.
 Sebastian Akchoté-Bozovic better known as just Sebastian (stylized as SebastiAn) is a French-Serbian musician and DJ affiliated with Ed Banger Records. He has worked as a solo electronic musician and as a remixer for bands such as Daft Punk Beastie Boys Bloc Party and Nero. He has also produced songs for Katerine Kavinsky Noël Akchoté Uffie and Woodkid and he has composed music for the films Notre Jour Viendra and Steak (in which he also acted).
 Leigh Stephens is an American guitarist and songwriter. Stephens became famous as the former lead guitarist of the San Francisco psychedelic rock group Blue Cheer. He was ranked number 98 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 100 greatest guitarists of all time. He has claimed to have been the only member of the band who did not use drugs.
 Heidi Newfield (born October 4 1970 in Healdsburg California) is an American country music artist. She was lead singer rhythm guitarist and harmonica player for the group Trick Pony alongside Keith Burns and Ira Dean from 1996 until 2006 when she left in pursuit of a solo career. Newfield has begun her solo career on Curb Records debuting in 2008 with the single Johnny & June. This song which peaked at No.
 Sri K. Sabha (born 1923) was a renowned writer from the Rayalaseema region of Andhra with literary works covering short stories novels and poetry. His major contribution was to children's literature a genre that was not favored by many Indian writers at that time. His novels like Mogili Suryam and Chandram represent the optimistic yearnings by individuals to excel and to have a better life.
 Marvin Rosen is an American pianist music educator musicologist and host of the weekly radio program Classical Discoveries which airs on WPRB 103.3 FM in Princeton New Jersey. He is best known for his work in promoting the music of living composers as well as the music of Alan Hovhaness.
 David Willis otherwise known as DJ Ski and Ski Beatz is an American record producer mainly working in hip hop.
 Lovie Austin (September 19 1887 – July 10 1972) was an American Chicago bandleader session musician composer and arranger during the 1920s classic blues era. She and Lil Hardin Armstrong are often ranked as two of the best female jazz blues piano players of the period. Mary Lou Williams cited Austin as her greatest influence.
 Garth von Buchholz is a Canadian author of fiction non-fiction poetry and drama. He was born in Winnipeg Manitoba and raised in Winnipeg Montreal Quebec and Vancouver British Columbia. He currently lives on Vancouver Island in British Columbia.
 Sweet Emma Barrett (March 25 1897 New Orleans Louisiana – January 28 1983) was a self-taught jazz pianist and singer who worked with the Original Tuxedo Orchestra between 1923 and 1936 first under Papa Celestin then William Ridgely. Also active with Armand Piron John Robichaux and Sidney Desvigne Sweet Emma Barrett was at her most powerful in the early 1960s and became an iconic figure with the Preservation Hall Jazz Band.
 Peggy Hsu (Chinese: 許哲珮; pinyin: Xu Zhe-Pei born February 2 1981) is a Taiwanese singer-songwriter music composer and music producer.
 Neil Swaab (born 2 January 1978 in Detroit Michigan) is a New York based artist designer writer and educator. His illustrations and comics have appeared in numerous publications in the US as well as abroad in Germany Prague and Italy and Russia. Swaab's most famous work is Rehabilitating Mr. Wiggles which deals with a pill-popping foul-mouthed teddy bear. The comics frequently deal with sex addiction intoxication psychosis molestation cross-dressing self-hate and misanthropy.
 Lois Bourne who also goes under the craft name Tanith is an influential figure in the Neopagan religion of Wicca having been involved in it from the early 1960s and has written a number of books on the subject. Originally initiated into Gardnerian Wicca by Gerald Gardner she rose to become the High Priestess of the Bricket Wood coven working alongside the High Priest Jack Bracelin.
 Ilian Djevelekov (Bulgarian pronunciation: [ilijan dʒevelekov]; born 10 May 1966) is a Bulgarian film director and producer.
 Cory Walker is an American comic book artist and penciler. He is best known for work on Image Comics' Invincible (2003) a series and character he co-created with writer Robert Kirkman. He recently illustrated two issues of Shadowpact for DC Comics as well as two issues of Marvel's Irredeemable Ant-Man.
 Anna Sheehan is an American writer and novelist best known as the author of A Long Long Sleep.
 Shaun Norris (born 14 May 1982) is a South African professional golfer.Norris plays on the Sunshine Tour where he has won twice. He won the inaugural Africa Open in 2008 and the Nashua Masters in 2011. He also began playing on the European Tour in 2011 after graduating from qualifying school.
 Harry Mattick (born 20 December 1993) is a British figure skater. He is the 2013 British national silver medalist.As a child he was injured in a car accident that killed his father.
 Keith Ellison (born February 6 1984) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the sixth round of the 2006 NFL Draft. He played college football at Oregon State.
 Daniel Cooley Uggla (born March 11 1980) is an American professional baseball second baseman with the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball. He previously played for the Florida Marlins.Uggla finished third in the 2006 National League Rookie of the Year voting behind teammate and winner Hanley Ramírez and Ryan Zimmerman of the Washington Nationals but won the Players Choice and Sporting News NL ROY awards.
 Frank Decker (February 26 1856 in St. Louis Missouri – February 5 1940 in St. Louis) was a 19th-century professional baseball player. Decker played in 3 games for the Syracuse Stars in 1879 and 2 games for the St. Louis Brown Stockings in 1882.
 Michael Theo (formerly Theoklitos) (born 11 February 1981) is an Australian goalkeeper who plays for Brisbane Roar.
 Nadeem Siddique (Born 28 October 1977) is a former British Pakistani boxer who competed as a welterweight.
 David Cadieux (born November 25 1974 in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu Quebec) is a professional boxer from Canada who competed in the heavyweight division.
 Walter Greenhill (19 June 1849 – 29 June 1913) was an English cricketer. Greenhill was a right-handed batsman. He was born at St John's Wood London.Greenhill made two first-class appearances for Sussex both against Surrey in 1868. In the first match against Surrey at The Oval Greenhill scored 15 runs before being dismissed by John Bristow while in their second-innings he was dismissed by Tom Sewell for 3 runs. Surrey won the match by 7 wickets.
 Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Russkikh (Russian: Александр Александрович Русских; born September 11 1983) is a Russian professional footballer. He plays for FK Banga Gargždai. He made his debut in the Russian Premier League in 2006 for FC Tom Tomsk.
 Yasumichi Uchima (内間 安路 Uchima Yasumichi born September 10 1984 in Okinawa Okinawa) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Gainare Tottori.
 Randal Hayes Stageberg born November 26 1990 in Chesapeake Virginia is an American gymnast. She started gymnastics at the age of 4 at Ocean Tumblers and in 2001 moved to Excalibur Gymnastics to train under Jim and Dena Walker. She graduated from the University of Florida in 2013.
 Jared Tallent (born 17 October 1984 in Ballarat Australia) is an Australian race walker. Tallent finished third in the 20 km walk at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing to claim his first Olympic medal. He received a silver medal for finishing second in the 50 km walk a week later becoming the first Australian to win two athletic medals in the same Olympics since 1972 and the first male Australian to do so in 102 years.
 Alex Freitas (born 14 November 1988) is an Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender for VSI Tampa Bay FC in the USL Pro.
 Julio César Albino (born 28 April 1971 in Montevideo) is a former Uruguayan footballer.
 Lance Watson (born October 6 1983 in Nederland Texas) is an American soccer player.
 Andrei Vasilyevich Martynov (Russian: Андрей Васильевич Мартынов; born September 17 1965) is a retired Turkmenistani professional footballer. He made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1988 for Köpetdag Aşgabat. He played 1 game in the UEFA Cup 1992–93 for FC Torpedo Moscow.
 Hassan Muath Fallatah (born January 27 1986 in Saudi Arabia) is a footballer for Al-Shabab in the Saudi Premier League and the Saudi Arabia national team.
 Louis Rosier (5 November 1905 in Chapdes-Beaufort – 29 October 1956 in Neuilly-sur-Seine) was a racing driver from France.
 Walter Jesse Jackson (16 March 1870 – 1 December 1958) was an English rugby union forward who played international rugby for the British Isles and England.
 Blake Smith (born January 17 1991) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Montreal Impact in Major League Soccer.
 Marco Riemer (born 24 February 1988 in Apolda) is a German football midfielder who plays for FC Carl Zeiss Jena.
 Temur Tugushi (born 26 February 1972) is a retired Georgian professional football player.
 David Alan Staton (born April 12 1968 in Seattle WA) is a former Major League Baseball first baseman. He played for the San Diego Padres from 1993 to 1994.Stanton went to school at Orange Coast College and California State University Fullerton before being drafted in the 5th round of the 1989 amateur draft by the Padres. He made his debut on September 8 1993 in a 3-2 home win over the Florida Marlins.
 Jerome Kaino (born 6 April 1983) is a professional American Samoan-born New Zealand Rugby union player. He played for the Blues in Super Rugby and All Blacks internationally. In 2004 he was named IRB International Under-21 player of the year. In 2011 he played in every match of the Rugby World Cup as part of the All Blacks being part of the first All Blacks team to win the Rugby World Cup since 1987.
 Abbie Prosser (born 4 September 1991) is an English association football midfielder who currently plays for Doncaster Rovers Belles L.F.C.. Prosser has represented England women's national football team at under-19 level.
 Anthony Wayne Smith (born June 28 1967) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Raiders 11th overall in the 1990 NFL Draft. He played college football at Arizona.He was previously married to former pop star Vanity.He was charged in 2011 with committing the 2008 murder of Maurilio Ponce which ended with a hung jury. On July 4 2012 prosecutors refiled that charge and added three other counts of first degree murder.
 Wilton Hilario is a professional boxer in the Super Featherweight division.
 Colin Clarke is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s and '70s and coach of the 1980s playing at representative level for Great Britain and at club level for Wigan Salford and Leigh as a Hooker i.e. number 9 during the era of contested scrums and at club level has coached for Wigan. Clarke was part of Wigan's 1965 Challenge Cup final win over Hunslet at Wembley Wigan won 20-16. Clarke also won the Lancashire Cup three times with his hometown club.
 Dick Braggins (December 25 1879 – August 16 1963) was an American baseball player that pitched in only four games over the course of about six weeks for the 1901 Cleveland Blues. In 32 innings he gave up 17 runs on 44 hits struck out 1 and walked 15. He went to Case Western Reserve University.
 Mike Benevides (born May 3 1968 in Toronto Ontario) is the head coach for the BC Lions. He was formerly the Lions' defensive coordinator and linebackers coach from 2008 to 2011 and the team's special teams coach from 2003 to 2007. He also served as the special teams coordinator for the Calgary Stampeders from 2000 to 2002. He attended York University.
 Alexander Roelof Smit (born October 2 1985 in Geldrop) is a Dutch baseball player who is currently a free agent.Smit signed originally with the Minnesota Twins as a non-drafted free agent on July 14 2002 and was claimed off waivers by the Cincinnati Reds on July 12 2007.He's represented the Netherlands at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens Greece where he and his team finished in sixth place at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and at the 2006 and 2009 World Baseball Classic.
 Danny Culloty is an American-born former sportsperson who played Gaelic football with Cork in the 1980s and 1990s.
 Viliami Fainga'a (born 27 March 1988) is an Australian born professional rugby union footballer. He currently plays for the Brisbane Premier side GPS and also Tonga.
 Cody J. Pickett (born June 30 1980 in Caldwell Idaho) is a former professional football player a quarterback in the National Football League and Canadian Football League for the Calgary Stampeders. He was originally drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the seventh round of the 2004 NFL Draft. He played college football at Washington.
 Major James Brooks Jones (born July 9 1953) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the NBA and other leagues.
 Rory Gallagher (born 22 August 1978) is a Gaelic footballer who has lined out for the Fermanagh and Cavan inter-county teams as well as several club teams including his home club Erne Gaels as well as Dublin side Saint Brigids and Antrim's St Gall's. He was a selector for Donegal during their 2012 Championship success acting as number two to Jim McGuinness. He is joint manager of CLG Chill Chartha with John McNulty.
 Joanna Zając (born May 17 1996 in Łódź Poland) is a Polish ice dancer. She began skating at the age of 6. Her partner is Damian Bińkowski.
 Joseph Chen Zhonghua (陈中华) courteasy name Dongliang (栋梁) born in 1961 Shandong Province China is a Chinese martial arts practitioner teacher and author. Chen studied with two outstanding eighteenth generation Chen-style t'ai chi ch'uan (陳式太極拳) experts Hong Junsheng (洪均生; 1907 - 1996) and Feng Zhiqiang (冯志强 1928-2012). He and his family emigrated to Canada in 1985.
 Stuart Rafferty (born 6 March 1961 in Port Glasgow) was a Scottish footballer who retired in 1994 having played for Motherwell Dundee Dunfermline Athletic before ending his career with his local club Greenock Morton.Rafferty was a midfielder by trade.
 Choi Jeong (Hangul: 최정 Hanja: 崔廷) (born February 28 1987 in Icheon South Korea) is a third baseman who plays for the SK Wyverns in the Korea Baseball Organization. He bats and throws right-handed.
 Monique Éwanjé-Épée (born July 11 1967 in Poitiers France) is a retired French track and field athlete who competed for France in the 60m hurdles and 100m hurdles.
 John W. Kidd (1884 – after 1912) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as an inside forward. He scored 8 goals in 40 appearances in the Second Division of the Football League playing for Birmingham.Kidd was born in Glasgow and played for Glasgow Royal and St. Johnstone before moving to England to join Birmingham in November 1910. He went straight into the first team and played regularly until January 1912 making 44 appearances in all competitions.
 Kevin Klein (born December 13 1984) is a professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League.
 Harlan Joseph Marbley (born October 11 1943) is a retired flyweight boxer from the United States who represented his native country at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City Mexico. There he won the bronze medal after a loss in the semifinals of the men's light flyweight division (– 48 kg) against eventual gold medalist Francisco Rodríguez from Venezuela.
 Mohammed Mubarak Suwaid Al-Hinai commonly known as Mohammed Al-Hinai (Arabic: محمد مبارك سويد الهنائي‎; born on 19 July 1984) is an Omani footballer who plays for Fanja SC. He represented the nation team in the 2004 Asian Cup wearing the number 16 jersey.
 Naruphol is a Thai footballer. He plays for Thai Division 1 League clubside BEC Tero Sasana.
 Ifraim Alija (Serbo-Croat: Ifrajim Alija) (born 30 August 1985 in SFR Yugoslavia) is a footballer who plays for FC Gossau.He played his only match in Super League 2003–04 season.
 Filip Arsenijević (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Арсенијевић born 2 September 1983) is a Serbian footballer who plays for FK Jagodina in the Serbian SuperLiga.
 Joseph Edward Genewich (January 15 1897 – December 21 1985) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Braves and New York Giants from 1922 to 1930. His key pitch was the slow curve.
 Chris Phillips (born March 9 1978) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has been a member of the Ottawa Senators for his entire career which began with the 1997–98 season. He also serves as their alternate captain and is regarded as a stay-at-home defenceman. The Senators drafted him first overall in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft. He was raised in Fort McMurray Alberta.
 Max Tuerk (born January 27 1994) is an American football offensive lineman. He currently attends the University of Southern California.A native of Trabuco Canyon California Tuerk attended Santa Margarita Catholic High School where he was a two-way lineman and helped the team win the CIF Pac-5 and CIF Division I state titles in 2011. Regarded as a four-star recruit by Rivals.com Tuerk was listed as the No.
 Albert Francis Al Gionfriddo (March 8 1922 – March 14 2003) was a slightly built 5 ft 6 in (1.68 m) and 165 lb. professional baseball outfielder who batted and threw left-handed. He made his major league debut on September 23 1944 at the age of 22 with the Pittsburgh Pirates. He was a career .266 hitter whose best year was in 1945 when he hit .284 with 9 triples and 74 runs scored for the Pirates.
 Javier Arizala (born April 21 1984) is a Colombian footballer. He currently plays as a left-defender or midfielder for León de Huánuco of the Torneo Descentralizado in Peru.Arizala played for the Colombian national team at leftback for all the games in Copa America 2007 as well as all the friendlies played under coach Jorge Luis Pinto. He was part of the 4th place finishing U-20 team in the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship.
 Murray Kick (born 5 December 1940) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).Kick the son of former Carlton player Ned made his senior debut for Carlton in 1961 and finished third in Carlton's 1962 Best and Fairest award after playing 20 games during the season. Kick played on the wing in the 1962 VFL Grand Final loss to Essendon.
 Walter Tysall (3 April 1880 – 1955) was a British gymnast who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.He was born in Birmingham and died in Ashton-on-Ribble. In 1908 he won the silver medal in the individual all-around.
 Frank Thomas Duffy (born October 14 1946) is a former professional baseball shortstop. He played all or part of ten seasons in Major League Baseball from 1970 to 1979 for the Cincinnati Reds San Francisco Giants Cleveland Indians and Boston Red Sox.Duffy is probably most remembered for being a part of what is considered a lopsided trade between the Reds and Giants. On May 29 1971 Duffy was traded along with pitcher Vern Geishert for young outfielder George Foster.
 Dick May (November 7 1930 - June 9 2009) was a NASCAR driver who competed in 185 races in the NASCAR Grand National/Winston Cup (now Sprint Cup Series) between 1967 and 1985.In the 1975 running of the Mason-Dixon 500 May drove five different cars but did not finish the race. May began his racing career at the Watertown Speedway where he was 1962 Track Champion. May was inducted into the Dirt Motorsports Hall of Fame in 2007.On June 9 2009 May died following a long illness.
 Harold Harry Brigham (born 1914) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Nottingham Forest Stoke City and York City.
 Ionuţ Alexandru Dobroiu (born 24 February 1988) is a Romanian professional football player under contract with Rapid Bucureşti.
 Miles Grant Alex Main (May 13 1884 in Montrose Michigan – December 29 1965 in Royal Oak Michigan) was a professional baseball pitcher who played from 1914 to 1915 and in 1918 for the Detroit Tigers Kansas City Packers and Philadelphia Phillies.A 30-year-old rookie Main began his big league career on April 18 1914 for the Tigers. With them he appeared in 32 games starting 12 of them. He went 6–6 with a 2.67 ERA completing five games and saving three.
 Ernests Gulbis (pronounced [ˈærnəsts ˈɡulbis] born August 30 1988 and nicknamed The Gull or Ernie) is a Latvian professional tennis player. In 2008 Gulbis won his first ATP Tour doubles title at the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships teaming with Rainer Schüttler and in 2010 won his first ATP Tour singles title in the Delray Beach defeating Ivo Karlović in the final. In total Gulbis has 5 ATP titles to his name.
 Valerie Woodbridge is an Australian Paralympic athlete. At the 1984 New York/Stoke Mandeville Games she won a gold medal in the Women's Long Jump A2 event a silver medal in the Women's Discus A2 event and a bronze medal in the Women's Shot Put A2 event.
 Antonijo Pranjič (born 14 January 1985) is a Slovenian football defender.
 Federico Molinari (born July 16 1979 in La Plata) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Western Mass Pioneers in the USL Premier Development League.
 Matthew Jones (born 1 September 1980 in Llanelli Wales) is a former Welsh international football player who last played for Llanelli in the Welsh Premier League. He has played centre-midfield for most of his career though sometimes appeared at right back for Llanelli. He formerly played for Leeds United and Leicester City. He now attends the Bristol Institute of Modern Music.
 Petr Janda (born 5 January 1987) is a Czech football player who currently plays for Antalyaspor. Usually plays on right/left wing but in season 2009/2010 played as Attacking midfielder. He was also a regular for the Czech Republic national under-21 football team.His main attributes are pace and dribbling. In May 2011 he received his first call-up for the Czech national football team.
 Ante Bukvić (born 14 November 1987) is a Luxembourger international footballer who plays club football for FC Differdange 03 as a defender.Born in Zadar SR Croatia SFR Yugoslavia he has been playing football for Luxembourg national football team since 2009.
 Tarik Hadžić (born March 17 1994 in Rožaje Montenegro) is an alpine skier from Montenegro. He will compete for Montenegro at the 2014 Winter Olympics in the slalom and giant slalom. Hadžić was also selected to carry the Montenegrin flag during the opening ceremony.
 Víctor Aldana Maestre (born 9 June 1981 Badajoz Spain) is a Spanish footballer with Romanian citizenship who last played for Săgeata Stejaru.
 Ralph Joseph Rube Novotney (August 5 1924 – July 16 1987) was an American professional baseball player a catcher who appeared in 22 Major League games for the 1949 Chicago Cubs. The native of Streator Illinois stood 6 feet (1.8 m) tall and weighed 187 pounds (85 kg) and attended the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign.Novotney's partial season with the 1949 Cubs included two standout back-to-back games against the New York Giants at Wrigley Field.
 Erick Dowson Prado Meléndez (born January 25 1976 in San Salvador) is a retired Salvadoran footballer.
 Karl-Heinz Metzner (9 January 1923 – 25 October 1994) was a German footballer. He was born in Kassel.He was part of the West German team that won the 1954 FIFA World Cup. In total he earned two caps for West Germany.
 Jason Kent (born 21 April 1980 in Sydney NSW Australia) is a professional rugby league player. He is somewhat of a utility back mainly filling in at Lock or Half-Back/Five-Eighth but he can also play in the centres.He has played for the Leigh Centurions in the English Super League competition as well as for the Cronulla Sharks and the St George Illawarra Dragons in the National Rugby League competition.
 Maxim Yuryevich Sushinsky (Russian: Максим Юрьевич Сушинский; born July 1 1974) is a Russian professional ice hockey player. His last name is sometimes transliterated as Sushinski or Sushinskiy.
 Ángeles Montolio (born August 6 1975 in Barcelona) is a former professional tennis player from Spain.Montolio reached a career high ranking of world No. 22 in February 2002 and won three WTA Tour titles at the small events in Porto Estoril and Bol as well as reaching the finals of Madrid and Palermo.
 Jack Jones (born 7 November 1924) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League (VFL) who played for the Essendon Football Club.
 Mikhail Aleksandrovich Murnov (Russian: Михаил Александрович Мурнов; born April 5 1978) is a Russian professional football player. In 2009 he played in the Russian Second Division for FC Volgograd.
 Gastón Ricardo Díaz (born 13 March 1988) is an Argentine football right back or right winger who plays for Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata in the Argentine Primera División.
 Emilio Rodríguez Zapico (27 May 1944 in León Castile and León Spain – 6 August 1996 in Huete Castile-La Mancha Spain) was a racing driver from León Spain. He entered one Formula One Grand Prix the 1976 Spanish Grand Prix with the then-struggling Williams team but failed to qualify. The Williams FW04 that Zapico used was already a year old and it was later used by Brian McGuire.He later returned to Touring Cars in the 1980s before retiring.
 Gervys Rignold Hazlitt commonly known as Gerry (4 September 1888 Enfield New South Wales – 30 October 1915 Parramatta New South Wales) was an Australian cricketer who played in 9 Tests from 1907 to 1912.A right-arm medium-pace and off-spin bowler and useful lower-order batsman Hazlitt toured England with the Australian team in 1912. In his last Test against England at The Oval he took 7 for 25 in the second innings.
 Björn Danielsson (born August 14 1977) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey player currently assistant coach in IF Sundsvall Hockey team in the Swedish HockeyAllsvenskan league.
 Yeung Chi Lun (Chinese: 楊賜麟; Jyutping: joeng4 ci3 leon4; born 20 November 1989 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Happy Valley as a midfielder.
 John Nicholls (3 April 1931 – 1 April 1995) better known as Johnny Nicholls or sometimes Jack Nicholls was an English footballer who played as a forward. During his professional career he represented West Bromwich Albion Cardiff City and Exeter City.
 José Betancourt (born 8 January 1963) is a Puerto Rican former wrestler who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
 Juan Francisco Palencia Hernández (born April 28 1973 in Mexico City) is a former Mexican football striker his last team was Pumas UNAM. He is currently athletic director for C.D. Guadalajara.
 Irfan Fadhilah (born 1 January 1991) is a male Indonesian badminton player. He is double specialize.
 Oleksandr Dyachenko (Ukrainian: Олександр Андрійович Дяченко; born 1 March 1994 in Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper currently playing for Ukrainian club FC Obolon-Brovar Kyiv in the Ukrainian Second League.Dyachenko is product of youth team systems of FC Dynamo and FC Metalist.
 Colin J.
 Luis Carlos Cabezas (born March 3 1986 in Cali (Valle) Colombia) is a Colombian footballer that plays for Hunan Billows.
 Justin Andrew De Fratus (born October 21 1987) is an American professional baseball relief pitcher for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball (MLB). De Fratus grew up in Oxnard California and played in high school prior to playing at Ventura College. In the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft the Phillies selected him in the 11th round.
 Michael Grant (born March 30 1986 in Stone Mountain Georgia) is an American football cornerback and safety who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Arkansas.Grant has also been a member of the Kansas City Chiefs Washington Redskins Florida Tuskers and Cleveland Browns of the National Football League and the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.
 Erika Villaécija (born 2 June 1984 in Barcelona Spain) is a two-time Olympic swimmer from Spain. She swam at the 2004 and 2008 Olympics. She has also qualified for Spain's 2012 Olympic team.As of June 2009 she holds the Spanish Records in the long course 400 800 and 1500 freestyles.
 Ronald John Greschner (born December 22 1954) is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the NHL for 16 seasons between 1974 and 1990.Greschner was selected 32nd overall by the New York Rangers in the 1974 NHL Amateur Draft. He played in 982 career NHL games all with the Rangers scoring 179 goals and 431 assists for 610 points. He also compiled 1226 penalty minutes.
 Kainoyama Isamu (born Isamu Irii; June 28 1940 - July 5 1997) was a sumo wrestler from Ryūgasaki Ibaraki Japan. He made his professional debut in May 1955 and reached the top division in January 1961. His highest rank was sekiwake. Upon retirement from active competition he became an elder in the Japan Sumo Association under the name Onogawa. He left the Sumo Association in September 1971.
 Erin Bell (born 30 April 1987) is an Australian netball player in the ANZ Championship playing for the Adelaide Thunderbirds. Bell's previous ANZ Championship team was the NSW Swifts and she also played for the Sydney Swifts in the Commonwealth Bank Trophy. She played at WA for the Adelaide Thunderbirds to help secure a victory over Queensland Firebirds 41-40 at the ANZ championships 2010 round 3.
 Viktor Arvidsson (born April 8 1993) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for Skellefteå AIK in the Elitserien.
 Conrad Con Augustus Byrne was a New Zealand rugby footballer who was part of the professional 1907-1908 New Zealand rugby tour of Great Britain.
 ReShard Lee (born October 12 1980 in Brunswick Georgia) is an American football running back in the National Football League who is currently a free agent. He played college football for Middle Tennessee State University.ReShard Lee signed as an undrafted free agent in 2003 with the Dallas Cowboys but after needing arthroscopic surgery was released with an injury settlement. He was re-signed by the Dallas Cowboys in 2004 but was released before the start of the 2005 season.
 Alden Roche (born April 9 1945 in New Orleans Louisiana) is a former defensive end who played nine seasons in the National Football League. Roche attended Southern University.
 Corey Terrell Ivy (born March 21 1977) is a former American football cornerback. He was signed by the New England Patriots as an undrafted free agent in 1999. He played college football at Oklahoma.Ivy has also been a member of the Frankfurt Galaxy Chicago Enforcers Tampa Bay Buccaneers St. Louis Rams Cleveland Browns Baltimore Ravens Pittsburgh Steelers and Omaha Nighthawks. He earned a Super Bowl ring with the Buccaneers in Super Bowl XXXVII.
 Marius Mitu (born 10 September 1976) is a Romanian midfielder who plays for Șoimii Pâncota.Mitu has played for R.S.C. Anderlecht until February 2006 and has appeared at Lierse SK previously. Mitu also played for R.W.D. Molenbeek (one year) and R.A.A. Louviéroise (six months) in Belgium.
 Warren Norris (born (1974-09-19)September 19 1974 in St. John's Newfoundland) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who currently plays for EC KAC in the Austrian Hockey League. He has previously played in the American Hockey League (AHL) and the International Hockey League (IHL) in North America and in the British Ice Hockey Superleague the Slovak Extraliga and the Swiss Nationalliga A. He has also played two season with the touring Canadian national ice hockey team.
 Josef Streb (born 16 April 1912 date of death unknown) was a German footballer who participated at the 1934 FIFA World Cup. He played club football with Wacker München.
 Martin Óg Morrissey (born 1934 in Waterford Ireland) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Mount Sion and with the Waterford senior inter-county team in the 1950s and 1960s.
 William Edward Hunt (born September 15 1987 in Greenville South Carolina) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Tampa Bay Rowdies.
 Paul Ian Parry (born 19 August 1980) is a Welsh professional footballer and former Wales international who currently plays for Football League One side Shrewsbury Town. He can play as either a winger striker or left-back.
 Hussein Jwayed (Arabic: حسين جويد‎) (born in Syria) is an Syrian footballer. He currently plays for Al-Zawraa.
 Jeferson Antonio Alves Dupin (born October 19 1972) is a former Brazilian football player.
 Éric William N'Jo Léa (born 15 July 1962) is a French former professional footballer who played as a striker for Brest Paris Saint-Germain Lens and Caen.His father was former player Eugène N'Jo Léa.
 Endre Hansen (born 14 February 1978) is a Norwegian football midfielder who currently plays for Øystese IL.He started his career in IL Kvernbit. He was in the squad of SK Brann in 2001 but did not get any Norwegian Premier League games until the next year. He played 12 games in 2002. After the season he was declared unwanted by Brann. He then joined Åsane. After the 2004 season he joined Løv-Ham. After the 2007 season he rejoined Åsane but ahead of the 2011 season he went back to Løv-Ham.
 Amanda Frisbie (born May 29 1992) is an American soccer defender who currently plays for the Seattle Reign FC of the National Women's Soccer League.
 Annemieke Kiesel (née Griffioen; born 30 November 1979) is a former Dutch footballer. She most recently played for FCR 2001 Duisburg and the Dutch national team. After the 2010–11 season Kiesel retired her career at Duisburg.
 Travis Wall (born January 4 1990 in Columbus Ohio) is an American soccer player. He last played for Minnesota United FC in the North American Soccer League.
 Andrea Valentini (born December 10 1977 in Rome) is an Italian modern pentathlete. He won a bronze medal in the men's team event at the 2004 World Championships in Moscow Russia. Valentini is a member of the modern pentathlon team for Gruppo Sportivo Fiamme Azzurre and is coached and trained by Luigi Filipponi.Valentini first competed for the men's modern pentathlon at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.
 Edward William Shore (November 25 1902 – March 16 1985) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman principally for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League and the longtime owner of the Springfield Indians of the American Hockey League iconic for his toughness and defensive skill.Shore won the Hart Trophy as the league's most valuable player four times the most of any defenceman and third overall behind Wayne Gretzky and Gordie Howe.
 Nils Erik Johan Witehall (born January 7 1972 in Gothenburg Sweden) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 54 games in the National Hockey League. He played with the New York Rangers and Montreal Canadiens.
 Stanley Stan Brogden (15 March 1910 – 1981 (aged 70–71)) birth registered in Holbeck was an English rugby union and professional sprinter and rugby league footballer of the 1920s '30s and '40s playing representative level rugby league (RL) for Great Britain and England and at club level for Bradford Northern (twice) Huddersfield Leeds Hull Rochdale Hornets and Salford as a Wing Centre or Stand-off/Five-eighth i.e.
 Jonathan 'Jon' Bryant (born 14 October 1976 in Aberdare Wales) is a former Wales Rugby union international. His previous clubs include Pontypridd RFC Celtic Warriors Newport Gwent Dragons and Sale Sharks.
 Sam Smart (born 2 May 1975) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Australian Football League (AFL). Originally from South Australian National Football League (SANFL) club Norwood Smart was drafted by Carlton at the 1994 AFL Draft but remained in South Australia to complete his medical studies moving to Victoria at the end of the 1995 AFL season.
 Christos Routsis (Greek: Χρήστος Ρούτσης born 26 October 1985) is a professional Greek football player currently playing as a midfielder for Doxa Drama in the Greek Superleague.
 Tanja Schmidt-Hennes (born June 30 1971 in Attendorn) is a former German professional cyclist. She was part of the 2007 Team Flexpoint and the 2008 Team Specialized Designs for Women. She retired in 2009.
 Malin Linda Maria Nilsson (born 20 October 1973 in Malmö Skåne) is a former freestyle swimmer from Sweden who competed for her native country at two consequentive Summer Olympics starting in 1992. She won a total number of three silver medals at the European Swimming Championships in the 1990s.
 Alif Shamsudin (born 1 February 1989 in Seremban Negeri Sembilan) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing for Negeri Sembilan FA in Malaysia Super League.Among his achievements is helping Negeri Sembilan to win 2009 Malaysia Cup and 2010 FA Cup. He also played in the 2010 Malaysia Cup final where his team lost 2-1 to Kelantan.He has been called up to Malaysia national football team for a friendly match against Yemen national football team in 2010 and made his debut in this match.
 William Trevor 'Ocker' Thomas (born c. 1909 in Merthyr Tydfil – death unknown) was a Welsh dual-code international rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s and '40s playing representative level rugby union (RU) for Wales and at club level for Abertillery RFC as a Flanker i.e. number 6 or 7 and playing representative level rugby league (RL) for Wales and at club level for Oldham (twice) and Wigan as a Second-row i.e.
 Ralph Joseph Michaels (May 3 1902 in Etna Pennsylvania USA – August 5 1988 in Monroeville Pennsylvania) was an infielder who played for the Chicago Cubs from 1924 to 1926. He also played in the minor leagues in 1922 and 1923 and from 1926 to 1937.Michaels made his major league debut on April 16 1924. In eight games with the Cubs that season he hit .364 with two RBI. In 1923 he played in 22 games for the Cubs collecting 14 hits in 50 at-bats for a .280 batting average.
 Tobias Rathgeb (born 3 May 1982 in Ostfildern) is a German football midfielder who currently plays for VfB Stuttgart II in the 3. Liga.
 Imants Terrauds (born 26 July 1936) is an Australian fencer. He competed in the team épée event at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
 Richard James Gardner (born February 1 1981 in Carbondale Illinois) is a professional American football player. He currently plays defensive back for Kiel Baltic Hurricanes of the German Football League. He played three seasons in the National Football League for the Tennessee Titans from 2004-2005 and the Seattle Seahawks in 2006.
 Graham Stanley (27 January 1938 – 14 January 1997) was a footballer who played as a wing half in the Football League for Bolton Wanderers Tranmere Rovers and Runcorn.
 Joel Tillema (born 5 September 1989 in The Hague) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for ADO Den Haag.
 Thomas Clare (20 August 1883 – 6 May 1940) was an English cricketer: a right-handed batsman and right arm fast bowler who played two first-class games for Worcestershire almost five years apart in the 1920s. Both matches were at Amblecote.His highest score of 34 came against Lancashire in the second innings of his debut in August 1920.
 Pāvels Davidovs (born 30 December 1980) is a Latvian football goalkeeper currently playing for FK Sūduva Marijampolė in the Lithuanian A Lyga.
 Abdulwasiu Omotayo Showemimo (born October 10 1988 in Lagos) is a Nigerian defender playing for Abia Warriors F.C.
 Norman Wyatt Yeo (21 June 1886 – 1 June 1950) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon and University. He was the leading goalkicker for Essendon in his only season with the club. As well as playing in the Victorian Football League (VFL) he played for Hawthorn and Richmond in the Victorian Football Association (VFA).
 Joseph Francis Cicero (November 18 1910 – March 30 1983) was an American professional baseball player and scout. He was a backup outfielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox and Philadelphia Athletics. Listed at 5 ft 8 in (1.73 m) Weight 167 lb. Cicero batted and threw right-handed.
 Jarrad Butler (born 20 July 1991) is a rugby union footballer who plays for the Brumbies in Super Rugby. He usually plays as a loose forward.
 Edmund Samuel Currey (born 28 June 1868) was an English footballer who earned two caps for the national team in 1890 scoring two goals. Currey played club football for Oxford University.
 Charlie Rasmussen Gjedde (born 28 December 1979 in Holstebro Denmark) is an international motorcycle speedway rider who won the Speedway World Cup with Denmark in 2006. He currently rides for the Belle Vue Aces in the Elite League.
 Randall Kevin Randy Sidler (born February 4 1956 in Bloomsburg Pennsylvania) is a former professional American football player. Sidler was selected by the New York Jets in the 5th round of the 1978 NFL Draft but never played an NFL game. He left the Jets training camp and took a break from football.
 Jim Bennett (18xx–1969) was an Australian rugby league player from before World War I through to the 1930s. A Queensland state and Australian international representative front-row forward he was one of Queensland's early stalwart star players making thirty-six state representative appearances between 1921 and 1930.
 Brian Patrick Mullen (born March 16 1962) is an American former professional ice hockey player who spent eleven seasons in the NHL playing for the Winnipeg Jets New York Rangers San Jose Sharks and New York Islanders. Mullen appeared in 832 career NHL games recording 260 goals and 622 points along with 30 playoff points in 62 post-season games.
 Dana or Danah Al-Nasrallah (born in 7 March 1988) is Kuwait female athlete. In 2004 she become first Kuwait female Olympic competitor.
 Richard David Ruthven (born March 27 1951) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher with a 14-year career from 1973 to 1986. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies Atlanta Braves and Chicago Cubs all of the National League. During his career Ruthven had a record of 123-127 an ERA of 4.14 and 1145 career strikeouts.
 Fabián Slančík (born 22 September 1991) is a Slovak football forward who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club Banská Bystrica.
 Jimmy Rosario (born Angel Ramon (Ferrer) Rosario on 5 May 1945) is a former Major League Baseball center fielder. Rosario was signed as a free agent by the San Francisco Giants in 1965. He would play two seasons with the team. After his release from the Giants in 1975 Rosario signed with the Milwaukee Brewers. He would play at the Major League level with the team in 1976.
 Edward Ernest Ted Bennett (born 22 August 1925) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He competed for Great Britain at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
 Phuong Soksana (born March 2 1992 in Cambodia) is a footballer for National Defense Ministry in the Cambodian League.He has represented Cambodia at senior international level.
 Georgi Hristov Hristov (Bulgarian: Георги Христов) is a Bulgarian football player who is playing for Dimitrovgrad
 Jeremy Michael Cummings (born November 7 1976 in Charleston West Virginia) is a minor league right-handed pitcher in the Tampa Bay Rays organization originally signed by the St. Louis Cardinals in 1999.Cummings was suspended for 15 games May 12–28 2005 for violation of the Minor League Drug Prevention and Treatment Program.
 Le-Lo L. Lang (born January 23 1967) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played college football for the Washington Huskies. He was selected by the Denver Broncos in the 5th round (136th overall pick) of the 1990 NFL Draft. He played four seasons for the Denver Broncos.
 Lucas Vázquez Iglesias (born 1 July 1991 in Curtis Galicia) simply known as Lucas is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Madrid Castilla as a right winger.
 Alexei Valeryevich Yashin (Russian: Алексей Валерьевич Яшин; born November 5 1973) is a Russian former professional ice hockey centerman who played twelve seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Ottawa Senators and New York Islanders. He also played nine seasons in the Russian Superleague (RSL) and Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) for Dynamo Moscow CSKA Moscow Lokomotiv Yaroslavl and SKA St. Petersburg.
 Predrag Đorđević (Serbian Cyrillic: Предраг Ђорђевић; born 30 June 1990 in Leskovac) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Javor Ivanjica. He plays on the right flank.
 Mohammed Rabia Jamaan Al-Noobi commonly known as Mohammed Rabia (Arabic: محمد ربيع جمعان النوبي‎ born 10 May 1981) is an Omani footballer who plays for Dhofar S.C.S.C.. He has led the national team to 2 Gulf Cup of Nations finals and 2 Asian Cups. He represented the national team in both the Asian Cups wearing the number 2 jersey.
 Brajan Nenezić (born 1953) is a former Yugoslav football player playing as midfielder active professionally from 1972 to 1989 first with Leotar Trebinje and then almost his entire career in FK Sutjeska Nikšić.
 Andrés Scotti Ponce de León (born 14 December 1975) is a Uruguayan footballer that currently plays for Club Nacional de Football and the Uruguayan national team as centre back and very rarely as left back.Scotti is an offensive player despite of his position has a very good air game cold temper and high concentration when defending a great physical condition and a good defensive quality in the challenges with other players among his virtues of footballer. Also he is specialist in free kicks.
 Darren Douglas Weber (born February 5 1972) was a Zimbabwean cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler who played for Matabeleland. He was born in Bulawayo.Weber made two first-class appearances for the team during the Logan Cup competition of 1994-95. Batting in the tailend he was mostly ineffective making a top score of just 5 in four innings.
 Eric Emil Lindroth (born September 12 1951) is a retired water polo player from the United States who won the bronze medal with the Men's National Team at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich West Germany.
 Taeler Conrad-Mellen (born June 7 1989) is an American professional wrestler and valet better known by the ring name Taeler Hendrix.Starting her career in 2008 she spent her first years working on the independent circuit for promotions including New England Championship Wrestling (NECW) Top Rope Promotions (TRP) and World Women's Wrestling (WWW) before being signed to a contract by Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW) a Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) developmental territory in 2011.
 Connor Anthony Mahoney (born 12 February 1997) is an English footballer who plays for Blackburn Rovers as a winger in the Championship.
 Lee Jae-Myung (born July 25 1991) is a South Korean football player who plays for K-League side Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors.
 Cosetta Campana (Bassano del Grappa 12 June 1961) is an Italian former sprinter (400 m).
 Kristian Kit Kerr McKenna (February 10 1873 – March 31 1941) was a Major League Baseball player from Lynchburg Virginia who pitched for the Brooklyn Bridegrooms and Baltimore Orioles during the two seasons in which played.In March of 1900 Jade Frisch sold his rights to the Cleveland Blues of the then-minor league American League.
 Viktor Röthlin (born October 14 1974 in Kerns Obwalden) is a Swiss long-distance runner who specializes in the marathon.Röthlin won the silver medal at the 2006 European Championships in Gothenburg Sweden the bronze medal at the 2007 World Championships in Osaka Japan and the gold medal at the 2010 European Championships in Barcelona Spain.He also competed in the marathon at the 2000 Olympics in Sydney Australia (finishing 36th) at the 2004 Olympics in Athens Greece (where he did not finish) and at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing China (where he placed 6th in a time of 2:10:35).Röthlin has set four Swiss national records at the marathon distance: In September 2001 at the Berlin Marathon his time of 2:10:54 eclipsed the previous Swiss national record of 2:11:10 (set by Daniel Boltz in 1991). 
 Erik Bickerstaff (born July 25 1980 in Birmingham Alabama) is an American football running back and fullback. Bickerstaff has played for the Dallas Cowboys and was on the Oakland Raiders' practice squad in 2005.
 Andrzej Niedzielan (Polish pronunciation: [ˈand͡ʑɛj ɲɛˈdʑɛlan]) (born 27 February 1979 in Żary) is a Polish footballer who plays as a striker for Ruch Chorzów.
 Giedrius Tomkevičius (born 29 February 1984) is a Lithuanian football Midfielder currently playing for FK Ekranas.Tomkevičius made one appearance for the Lithuania national football team during 2008.
 Jeremy Shepherd (born April 8 1985 in Mississauga) is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays as a striker for the Brampton Lions.
 Bamba Sinaly (born June 2 1986 in Daloa) is an Ivorian football striker who currently plays for Perlis FA a Sudanese football club.
 Joe Corley (born 1947) is an American karate and kickboxing competitor instructor broadcaster and promoter who helped achieve the success of the Professional Karate Association and the early establishment of professional kickboxing in the United States.
 Jorge Curbelo full name Jorge Winston Curbelo Garis (born 21 December 1981) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays for Nacional in the Uruguayan Primera División. He also holds German and Argentine nationality.
 Francesco Parravicini (born 31 January 1982) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Novara Calcio of Italian Serie B.
 David Vairelles (born 6 December 1977 in Essey-les-Nancy France) is a French defender who currently plays for FC Gueugnon.Vairelles is the cousin of Tony Vairelles.His twin brother Ludovic Vairelles played in the lower French leagues mostly for SAS Épinal.
 Andrew Andy Fletcher was an American football player. He played college football as a back at the University of Maryland and earned varsity letters in 1916 and 1917. Fletcher then had a brief professional playing career in the fledgling National Football League (NFL). In 1920 he played two games for the Buffalo All-Americans. The following season in 1921 Fletcher played one game for Tonawanda Kardex.
 Charlize van der Westhuizen (born 17 February 1984) is a South Africa cricketer. She has made two Test and 33 Women's One Day International appearances for South Africa since 2003.
 Marcelo Battistuzzi (born July 20 1976 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian racing driver. He has raced in such series as International Formula 3000 and Italian Formula 3000. He won both the German Formula Opel and European Formula Opel championships in 1997.Started his career racing Karts in Brazil in 1989. After good results and wins in Campinas and São Paulo Championships moved to single-seaters entering the Brazilian Formula Ford Championship with his own team (1993).
 Declan Thomas Rudd (born 16 January 1991) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Preston North End on loan from Norwich City.
 Leslie Clyde Mallon (November 21 1905 – April 17 1991) was a Major League Baseball second baseman for the Philadelphia Phillies and Boston Braves.Mallon began his professional baseball career in 1927 in the Texas Valley League. In 1930 he hit .332 in the class A Texas League and was promoted to the major leagues with the Phillies. Mallon hit .309 in his rookie season. However his numbers slipped the following year and he was sold to Toronto of the International League.
 Alexander Gorgon (Polish: Aleksander Gorgoń; born 28 October 1988 in Wien) is an Austrian-Polish footballer who plays for Austria Wien.
 Dean Parma Waugh (born 3 February 1969 in Campsie) is a former Australian first-class cricketer who played a match for New South Wales and also represented South Australia at List A level.Although he only had a brief career in Australian domestic cricket the right-handed batsman is noted for being the younger brother of players Mark and Steve Waugh.
 Vladislav Gennadyevich Baskov (Russian: Владислав Геннадьевич Басков born December 20 1975) is a former Russian football midfielder who last played for Russian side FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg.
 Jimmy Baxter (Born November 30 1980) is an American-Jordanian professional basketball player who previously played for Ilisiakos B.C. in Greece and played for various other teams since then.
 Imrul Kayes (Bengali: ইমরুল কায়েস is a Bangladeshi international cricketer who plays for Khulna Division as a left-hand batsman and occasional wicket-keeper.
 Artur Yedigaryan (Armenian: Արթուր Եդիգարյան born on 26 June 1987 in Yerevan Soviet Union) is an Armenian football player who currently plays midfielder for the Armenian national team and for Kazakhstan Premier League club Kairat Almaty.
 Anthony Charles Tony Capaldi (born 12 August 1981) is a footballer who currently plays for Northern Premier League Premier Division side Barwell where he plays as a defender.Born in Porsgrunn Norway he won 22 caps for Northern Ireland at full international level and is Plymouth Argyle's most capped player with 21. He played in the Football League for Plymouth Argyle Cardiff City Leeds United Morecambe and Oxford United.
 Charles Acher Arentz (November 8 1878 – September 25 1968) was a Norwegian sailor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.He was a crew member of the Norwegian boat Mosk II which won the gold medal in the 10 metre class (1919 rating).
 Ray Malavasi (November 8 1930 – December 15 1987) was an football coach who served as head coach of two National Football League teams: the Denver Broncos and the Los Angeles Rams. A native of Passaic New Jersey Malavasi entered the U.S. Military Academy starting at offensive guard for the Black Knight football team. Under head coach Earl Blaik and line coach Vince Lombardi Malavasi played two years with Blaik rating him as the greatest line prospect during his tenure at the Academy.
 Scotty Mac is a professional wrestler based out of Western Canada. He is best known for working for NWA: Extreme Canadian Championship Wrestling as well as several independent promotions in Canada and the United States.He is a fan favourite arguably one of the most popular wrestlers in ECCW history. Scotty is also one of the promotion's most decorated wrestlers having won multiple titles on many occasions. He is the current owner of ECCW.
 Johnston (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 3 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1798 to 1801.
 Henry Russell Nicoll (1883–1948) was a Scottish cricketer.
 Thomas Albert George Tony James (16 September 1919 – 1981) was a Welsh professional footballer who scored 25 goals from 90 appearances in the Football League playing for Brighton & Hove Albion and Bristol Rovers. He was Brighton's top scorer in the 1947–48 season with 14 goals in all competitions. He went on to play 41 times for Southern League club Bath City. James was born in Ynysybwl Glamorgan and played as an inside forward.
 Adam Richard Snyder (born January 30 1982) is an American football guard and offensive tackle for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League. He was drafted in the third round in the 2005 NFL Draft by the 49ers. He has also played for the Arizona Cardinals for one season.At the University of Oregon he was one of the most dominant and versatile linemen in the Pac-10 conference and the winner of the Morris Trophy as he played every position but center.
 Yange Oshanka Buddhika Mendis (born 22 June 1979) is a Sri Lankan born cricketer. A left-handed batsman off spin bowler and occasional wicket-keeper he has played for the Singapore national cricket team since 2002 having previously played first-class and List A cricket for Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club in his native Sri Lanka.
 Andriy Blyznychenko (Ukrainian: Андрій Валерійович Близниченко; born 24 July 1994 in Novohrad-Volynskyi Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder for Ukrainian Premier League club Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk.
 Diane Szmiett (born September 17 1990 in London Ontario) is a Canadian figure skater. She is the 2006 Canadian junior national champion. Szmiett began skating at age seven because her friend was a skater. She placed 21st at the 2006 World Junior Figure Skating Championships. She won the bronze medal at the 2008–2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix event in Courchevel France.
 Chris Bryan (born 6 March 1982 in Melbourne Australia) is a former sportsman who played both Australian rules football and American football professionally. Bryan played in the Australian Football League from 2005 until 2009 and then in the National Football League as a punter in 2010 and 2011.
 Chang Gyu-Cheol (also Jang Gyu-Cheol Korean: 장 규철; born June 11 1992 in Gyeonggi-do) is a South Korean swimmer who specialized in butterfly events. In 2010 Chang edged out South Africa's Chad Le Clos by 0.18 of a second to claim a gold medal in the 100 m butterfly at the first ever Summer Youth Olympics in Singapore posting his personal best of 53.13.
 Martijn Hendrik Zuijdweg (born November 16 1976 in Rotterdam) is a former freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands who was a member of the Dutch 4×200 m freestyle relay Team that won the bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney Australia. He did so alongside Johan Kenkhuis Marcel Wouda and Pieter van den Hoogenband.
 Karl-Heinz Helbing (born 7 March 1957 in Mainz) is a German former wrestler who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
 Béla Virág (born 12 April 1976 in Marcali) is a Hungarian football player who last plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
 Randy Scott Wittman (born October 28 1959) is the current head coach for the National Basketball Association's Washington Wizards. He is also a retired American basketball player at the guard position and former coach of the NBA's Cleveland Cavaliers and Minnesota Timberwolves.
 Stanley Michael Bailey Hailwood MBE GM (2 April 1940 – 23 March 1981) was a British Grand Prix motorcycle road racer regarded by many as one of the greatest racers of all time.Hailwood was known as Mike The Bike because of his natural riding ability on bikes with a range of engine capacities.
 Dudley Michael Hargrove (born October 26 1949) is a former Major League Baseball first baseman and manager. He is currently employed as an advisor with the Cleveland Indians.Hargrove batted and threw left-handed. He played for the Texas Rangers (1974–78) San Diego Padres (1979) and Cleveland Indians (1979–85). After retiring he went on to manage the Indians Baltimore Orioles and Seattle Mariners.
 Ewald Steenkamp (born 18 April 1988) is a Namibian cricketer. Steenkamp is a right-handed batsman who fields as a wicket-keeper.
 Belden L. Hill (1864–1934) was a third baseman in Major League Baseball who played for the Baltimore Orioles of the American Association in nine games in 1890. He remained active as a player in minor league baseball through 1905.Hill helped found the Cedar Rapids Bunnies minor league team [1] and managed the club from 1896–1908 and 1913-1914. He won league championships with Cedar Rapids in 1897 and 1906 and later became the President of the Mississippi Valley League from 1926-1931.
 Seth de Witte (born 18 October 1987) is a Belgian football midfielder. He currently plays for KV Mechelen in Jupiler Pro League.
 Mark Lewis (March 1889 - August 1968) was a Welsh international rugby union wing who played club rugby for Treorchy and Llwynypia and international rugby for Wales.
 John Jack Laviolette (July 27 1879 – January 9 1960) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. Laviolette played nine seasons for the Montreal Canadiens hockey club and was their first Captain Coach and General Manager. SIHR lists him as being born Aug.271879Laviolette was one of the first francophone stars of ice hockey. He was born in Belleville Ontario but grew up in Valleyfield Quebec. He was an outstanding scorer from the defenceman position.
 Tamara Vladimirovna Bykova (Russian: Тамара Владимировна Быкова; born December 21 1958) is a former Soviet track and field athlete and Olympic medal winner.
 Takayuki Taka Higashino (東野 貴行 Higashino Takayuki born 13 March 1985) is a Japanese freestyle motocross rider that has competed in international events including the X Games.Higashino began riding motocross when he was seven and attended many races during his teens. He turned professional at age 18 and moved to the United States in 2006 to compete. He appeared in his first X Games contest in 2007.
 Matt Stankiewitch (born February 8 1990) is an American football center for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Penn State from 2008 to 2012.Stankiewitch graduated from Blue Mountain High School in Pennsylvania in 2008.Stankiewitch redshirted in 2008 before starting two games at left guard in 2009. In 2010 Stankiewitch played in six games before missing the rest of the season due to illness.
 Norihiro Komada (駒田 徳広 born September 14 1962 in Shiki District Nara Japan) is a former Nippon Professional Baseball infielder.
 Anthony Tony Lange (born 10 December 1964) is an English retired professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. Lange made over 250 appearances in the Football League between 1982 and 1987.
 Junki Kanayama (金山隼樹 Kanayama Junki) is a Japanese football player. He currently plays for V-Varen Nagasaki in the J. League Division 2
 Alexander Cataford (born 1 September 1993 in Ottawa Ontario) is a Canadian racing cyclist. He rides for team Garneau-Quebecor based in Quebec Canada. He is the current Under-23 Canadian National Time Trial Champion. He is a 6 time Canadian Junior National Champion. In 2011 he was the Junior Pan American Champion in individual pursuit.For the 2014 season Cataford will join the Amore & Vita-Selle SMP squad.
 Donovan Deekman (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈdoː.nɔ.ˌvɑn ˈdeːk.ˌmɑn]) (born 23 June 1988) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Sparta Rotterdam as a striker.
 Vasili Sergeyevich Vaseykin (Russian: Василий Серге́евич Васейкин; born April 11 1991) is a Russian professional football player who last played for FC Rusichi Oryol.
 Jack Fletcher (born 6 August 1905 date of death unknown) was an English professional footballer who played as an outside forward. He played 12 matches in the Football League.
 Srđan Stanić (Serbian Cyrillic: Срђан Станић; born 7 June 1982) is a Serbian footballer.
 Luis Eduardo Oyarbide Miranda (born September 1 1986 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Iraklis Psachna in Greece.
 Lydia Ko (Korean: 고보경 Hanja: 高寶璟 born 24 April 1997) is a New Zealand professional golfer. Born Bo-Gyung Ko in Seoul South Korea she had been the top-ranked woman amateur golfer in the world for 130 weeks when she announced she was turning professional on 23 October 2013. She became the youngest person ever to win a professional golf tour event and youngest person ever to win an LPGA Tour event. In August 2013 she became the only amateur to win two LPGA Tour events.
 Julia Castelló is a Paralympic swimmer from Spain.
 Clifford Harling was a professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s playing at club level for Castleford.
 Daniel Ganderton (born 24 October 1988 in Launceston Tasmania) is a Thoroughbred horse racing jockey.Ganderton comes from a racing family; originally racing for his uncles stable in Spreyton Tasmania. Ganderton started racing in 2005 and forged his name as the leading apprentice in Tasmania.
 Francesco Casolla (born 4 April 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays for Teramo.
 Bernard Van De Kerckhove (born 8 July 1941 in Mouscron) is a former Belgian professional road bicycle racer from 1962 to 1971. The highlight of his career was one stage win each in the 1964 Tour de France and 1965 Tour de France after which he wore the yellow jersey for two and three stages respectively.
 Franck Nyinzapa Moussa (born 24 July 1989) is a Belgian footballer who plays for Coventry City as a midfielder.
 Antonín Mikala was a Czech fencer. He competed in three events at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
 Leonardo Gamalho de Souza or simply Léo Gamalho (born 30 January 1986) is a Brazilian footballer.Léo started his career in 2005 on Internacional's squad and transferred to Botafogo in 2006 and América in 2007.In March 2009he moved to China and signed a contract with Shenyang Dongjin. He moved to Pudong Zobon in 2010.In 2013 he has been hired by Ceará Sporting Club.He is known for singing the baga baga hey hey song after each goal he scores.
 Eugène Allonsius (born 12 December 1937) is a retired Belgian middle- and long-distance runner. He competed at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics in the 1500 metres and 5000 metres events but failed to reach the finals.During his career Allonsius set five national records. He was a two-time Belgian champion in the 1500 m won the 5000 m national title at nine times and was also the 1968 national champion in the 10000 metres.
 Chérif Oudjani (born December 9 1964 in Lens Pas-de-Calais) is a former football player.He spent his career in France and played for Algeria most notably winning the 1990 African Cup of Nations. He is the son of legendary footballer Ahmed Oudjani.
 Aqeel Rehman (born September 12 1985 in Salzburg) is a professional squash player who represents Austria. He reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 81 in May 2013.
 Sergio Roberto Pereira de Souza (born May 29 1977) is a Brazilian football player.
 Kinley Dorji (born 30 August 1986) is a Bhutanese international footballer currently playing for Yeedzin. He made his first appearance for the Bhutan national football team in 2009.
 Markus Koch (born February 13 1963) is a former American football defensive lineman in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins. He played college football at Boise State University and played high school football at the Eastwood Collegiate Institute in Kitchener Ontario. Currently serving as Vice President of the Seattle chapter of NFLPA Former Players.
 Richard Dick Pierce (March 1 1896 – September 1966) was an American football player. He played guard for the Michigan Wolverines football team and later played professional football for the Chicago Tigers in 1920.
 Zvonimir Vukić (Serbian Cyrillic: Звонимир Вукић; born 19 July 1979) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as an offensive midfielder for PAOK in the Superleague Greece.Vukić represented Serbia and Montenegro at the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
 Rodney Fritz Jr. (born May 8 1987) is an American football defensive lineman who is currently a free agent.
 Rupert Wagner is a German sprint canoer who competed in the mid-2000s. He won a silver medal in the K-2 1000 m event at the 2006 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Szeged.
 Tommy Lee McCraw (born November 21 1940 in Malvern Arkansas United States) was a Major League first baseman and outfielder for the Chicago White Sox (1963–70) Washington Senators (1971) Cleveland Indians (1972 and 1974–75) and California Angels (1973–74).
 David O'Gara is a Gaelic footballer from Co Roscommon. He plays with the Roscommon senior football team and Roscommon Gaels club. He was the star of the Roscommon team that beat Kerry in the 2006 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship final. He continued his winning ways in 2010 by helping Roscommon to a Connacht Senior Football Championship after a 0-14 to 0-13 won over Sligo.
 Dwight Henry Sloan (April 7 1914 – March 18 1998) was an American football quarterback in the National Football League. He played for the Chicago Cardinals and Detroit Lions. He played college football for the Arkansas Razorbacks.
 Patricia Iveth Kú Flores (born 17 December 1993 in Lima) is a Peruvian tennis player.Kú Flores has won four singles and four doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career. On 1 April 2013 she reached her best singles ranking of world number 327. On 29 October 2012 she peaked at world number 456 in the doubles rankings.Since her debut for the Peru Fed Cup team in 2010 Kú Flores has a win–loss record of 11–10 in the competition.
 Aleksandr Igorevich Borisov (Russian: Александр Игоревич Борисов; born 11 July 1987) is a Russian professional footballer. He last played for FC Salyut Belgorod.
 Bartosz Kaniecki (born July 11 1988 in Łódź) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Lechia Gdańsk.
 Pascal Berenguer (born May 20 1981 in Marseille France) is a French professional football (soccer) player currently with Tours FC on loan from AS Nancy.
 Kirill Yuryevich Boldyrev (Russian: Кирилл Юрьевич Болдырев; born 5 September 1991) is a Russian football midfielder who currently playing for FC Dolgoprudny.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Dolgoprudny on 3 August 2012 in a game against FC Spartak Kostroma.
 Renaldo Balkman (born July 14 1984) is a Puerto Rican-American professional basketball player. He played college basketball at the University of South Carolina. He has represented the Puerto Rico national team in international competition.
 Panagiotis Spyropoulos (Greek: Παναγιώτης Σπυρόπουλος born 21 August 1992) is a Greek professional football player currently playing for Panathinaikos in the Superleague. He has also played for Panionios and Niki Volou on loan.
 José Alessandro Bernardo Bagio (born April 16 1981 in Orleans Santa Catarina) is a Brazilian race walker. He won the gold medal for the 20000 metres walk at the 2008 Ibero-American Championships in Iquique Chile with a time of 1:23:12.6.Bagio made his official debut for the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens where he placed fourteenth in the men's 20 km race walk with a time of 1:23:33.
 Pierre Haarhoff (born 9 July 1932) is a French former athlete who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
 Mark Fraser (born 4 February 1971) is a former Australian rules footballer and umpire in the Australian Football League.
 Jean Paul Jesús Pineda Cortés (born 24 April 1989) is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for Chilean Primera División club Cobresal as striker.
 Climax Lawrence (born 16 January 1979) is an Indian professional football player. He plays as a midfielder for Mumbai in the I-League.
 Karol Jets (Born 15 October 1980 in Spiska Nova Ves Slovakia) is a professional ice hockey player currently living and playing in the United Kingdom.Jets' ability was spotted from an early age where he was sports streamed at Grammar School until the age of 14 where he then attended the local High School while still training and playing Junior Hockey for Spisská Nová Ves.He progressed through the junior system to play for the senior team in 00-01 and in 01-02 the team earned promotion to the Slovak Extra league for the 02-03 season. 
 Graham Rahal (born January 4 1989 in Columbus Ohio) is an American race car driver. He currently participates in the IZOD IndyCar Series. He is the son of 1986 Indianapolis 500 winner Bobby Rahal for whom he also drives.
 Venus Ebony Starr Williams (born June 17 1980) is an American professional tennis player who is a former World No. 1 and is ranked World No. 29 in singles as of March 1 2014. She has been ranked World No. 1 in singles by the Women's Tennis Association on three separate occasions. She became the World No. 1 for the first time on February 25 2002 becoming the first American black woman to achieve this feat during the Open Era.
 Jamell Orlando Ramos Hernández is a Colombian footballer normally playing as a right back. He currently plays for Junior in Colombia.
 Stephen Patterson (born 4 January 1971) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 Matthew Judah Gentry (born on July 30 1982 in Grants Pass Oregon United States) is a male freestyle wrestler. Although Gentry was born in the United States he represented Canada in the Olympics due to holding dual citizenship. He participated in the Men's freestyle 74 kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics and in the Men's freestyle 74 kg at the 2012 Summer Olympics where he placed 5th.
 James Winslow (born 16 April 1983) is a British racing driver. He is the winner of five motorsport championships and currently competes in the Australian Drivers' Championship.
 Gary William Aldcorn (born March 7 1935 in Shaunavon Saskatchewan) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger who played 226 games in the National Hockey League for the Boston Bruins Detroit Red Wings and Toronto Maple Leafs.
 Ronald Matthew Mahay (/məˈheɪ/; born June 28 1971) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played for the Boston Red Sox Oakland Athletics Florida Marlins Chicago Cubs Texas Rangers Atlanta Braves Kansas City Royals and Minnesota Twins. After retiring from active play in January 2013 he was named a scout by the Los Angeles Dodgers for the 2014 season.
 Dan Alberto Fellus (Hebrew: דן אלברטו פלוס‎; born December 17 1987) is a Norwegian-Israeli football striker currently plying his trade at Lørenskog IF.
 Axel Cadier (September 13 1906 – October 29 1974) was a Swedish wrestler who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.In 1932 he won the bronze medal in the Greco-Roman middleweight competition.Four years later he won the gold medal in the Greco-Roman light heavyweight competition.
 Raoul Henkaert (born 11 June 1907 date of death unknown) was a Belgian fencer. He competed at the 1932 and 1948 Summer Olympics.
 Doru Sechelariu (born 19 November 1992 in Bacău Romania) is a professional Romanian racecar driver. He is son of Dumitru Sechelariu who was mayor of Bacău in 1996-2004.
 Pablo Andrés Pietrobelli (born June 14 1980 in Bahía Blanca Buenos Aires) is an Argentine javelin thrower. He won the bronze medal for his category at the 2006 Ibero-American Championships in Ponce Puerto Rico with a throw of 72.50 metres.
 Rodrigue César (born 14 April 1988 in Ducos) is a French-martinique footballer who currently plays for Avenir Sportif Béziers.
 Martin John Bibla (born October 4 1979) is an American football guard who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the fourth round of the 2002 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Miami.Bibla has also been a member of the Denver Broncos Philadelphia Soul BC Lions Las Vegas Locomotives Omaha Nighthawks and Sacramento Mountain Lions.
 William Henry Bucky Walters (April 19 1909 – April 20 1991) was an American Major League Baseball All-Star pitcher. A native of Philadelphia Pennsylvania Walters played for the Boston Braves (1931–32 1950) Boston Red Sox (1933–1934) Philadelphia Phillies (1934–1938) and Cincinnati Reds (1938–1948). He batted and threw right-handed.
 Darren Mapp (born 8 October 1980 in Albury New South Wales) is a professional rugby league footballer for the Central Comets in the Queensland Cup. He previously played several seasons for the Brisbane Broncos Canberra Raiders and Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks in the National Rugby League competition and the Crusaders in the Super League. His position of choice is in the second row.
 William Vargas Trujillo (born September 17 1970 in Havana Ciudad de la Habana) is a retired male weightlifter from Cuba. He competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics and thrice won a gold medal at the Pan American Games: in 1991 1995 and 1999.
 Paul Wettlaufer (born January 28 1978 in Calgary Alberta) is a field hockey player from Canada.Wettlaufer earned his first international cap for the Men's National Team in 1998 against Spain in Barcelona.Paul grew up in the District of North Vancouver British Columbia where he attended Handsworth Secondary School (1991–1996) and played field hockey for the West Vancouver Field Hockey Club.
 John David Lumsden (born 15 December 1960) is a former Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke City.
 Bedri Omuri (born 16 January 1957 in Albania) nicknamed Bedrana by the SK Tirana fans during the 1980s is a former Albanian footballer. The midfielder spent all of his playing career at KF Tirana. He was also a member of the Albanian national team and earned 13 caps during his time with the squad managing to score 3 times including a goal against arch rivals Greece in 1985
 Bernardo Corradi (born 30 March 1976) is an Italian footballer. He has played in the highest leagues of Italy Spain and England and has been without a club since leaving Montreal Impact of Major League Soccer in 2012.He is a former Italian international with 13 caps and two goals from 2003 to 2004. Corradi represented his country at UEFA Euro 2004.
 Mathieu David Schneider (born June 12 1969) is an American former professional ice hockey player. Considered an offensive defenseman Schneider played 1289 games in the National Hockey League with ten different teams scoring 233 goals and totalling 743 points. He won the Stanley Cup in 1993 with the Montreal Canadiens.
 Timur Robertovich Fatikhov (Russian: Тимур Робертович Фатихов; born June 7 1992) is a Russian professional football player. He was last with FC Bashinformsvyaz-Dynamo Ufa.
 Silvio Bankert (born 13 June 1985 in Luckenwalde) is a German footballer who plays for Chemnitzer FC in the 3. Fußball-Liga.
 Royden Lam (born 8 September 1975) is a darts player from Hong Kong.
 Gerard Daniel Brannan is an English former footballer born on 15 January 1972. He played as a midfielder.
 Josip Šimić (born 16 September 1977) is a retired Croatian football striker. He is the younger brother of Dario Šimić.
 Jesse Smith Jr. (commonly known as Justice) is an American mixed martial artist kickboxer model actor and professional wrestler formerly signed to WWE. He is well known for appearing as the gladiator Justice on the 2008 revival of American Gladiators.
 Oleksandr Churilov (Ukrainian: Олександр Володимирович Чурілов; born 6 June 1984 in Zhdanov Donetsk Oblast Ukrainian SSR Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol in the Ukrainian Premier League.Churilov is product of youth team systems of Metalurh Mariupol and FC Shakhtar Donetsk. His first trainer was Volodymyr Kolach. He signed contract with SC TavriyaFC Illichivets in January 2014.
 Alex Francis Lee (born January 15 1990) is an American soccer player who plays for Richmond Kickers in the USL Pro.
 Cristian Petre (born Oradea 22 March 1979) is a Romanian rugby union player. He plays as a lock for the French team of AS Béziers Hérault.He has 90 caps for Romania national rugby union team since 2001 with 6 tries scored 30 points in aggregate. Petre played in all the four games for his country at the 2007 Rugby World Cup finals.He is a supporter and season-ticket holder of the football team of Steaua Bucharest.
 Réginal Goreux (born 31 December 1987 in Saint-Michel) is a Haitian football player who also holds Belgian nationality. He can play as defender or midfielder. He currently plays for Krylia Sovetov and the Haiti national football team.
 Wilson Rutherford Bud Schwenk Jr. (August 26 1917 – October 1 1980) was a professional American football quarterback who played four seasons for the Chicago Cardinals Cleveland Browns Baltimore Colts and New York Yankees.Schwenk grew up in St. Louis Missouri and attended Washington University in St. Louis where he starred on the football team. He set numerous college football records for passing in the 1941 season his senior year.
 Kyle Cheney (born 25 August 1989) is an Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League. Taken by the Melbourne Demons with the 53rd selection in the 2007 AFL National Draft Cheney plays as a medium defender. He was recruited from North Ballarat finishing second in their 2007 best and fairest count. Cheney debuted in the first round of the 2009 season.Cheney was traded to Hawthorn in 2010 for a third round draft pick.
 Thomas Gene Randall was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for three seasons for the Dallas Cowboys and Houston Oilers.
 Seitaro Tomisawa (富澤 清太郎 Tomisawa Seitaro born July 8 1982 in Tokyo) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Yokohama F. Marinos.Tomisawa started his career at Tokyo Verdy Youth.
 Alex Brown was born in Rochford England. Brown is a rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership. He plays as a Prop.Brown is a former member of the Saracens Academy While apart of the Academy Brown was duel registered with Bedford Blues to aid his development. Brown joined Doncaster in 2010.
 Wallace Harper Burnette (June 20 1929 – February 12 2003) was an American professional baseball player who pitched for the Kansas City Athletics from 1956-1958. He was born in Blairs Virginia.In three seasons he compiled a win-loss record of 14–21 appeared in 68 games started 27 games completing 5 games and once pitching a shutout pitched 262.7 innings walked 122 struck out 122 gave up 259 hits and had a career ERA of 3.65.
 Leonard Dodson (March 29 1912 – January 14 1997) was an American professional golfer.One of four boys Dodson was born in Mumford Missouri and grew up in the Springfield area.Dodson won three times on the early PGA Tour between 1936 and 1941.During his colorful life Dodson was known for gambling with friend Titanic Thompson. He was posthumously inducted into the Ozarks Golf Hall of Fame in 2004.
 James 'Cowboy' Martin (born 4 October 1994) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for K.V. Turnhout on loan from Scottish Premiership side Partick Thistle as a striker. Martin previously played for Hamilton Academical.
 Cristian Harson Bonilla Garzón (born June 2 1993) is a Colombian football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Atlético Nacional in the Categoría Primera A. Bonilla made his debut within the Colombian top tier at only 16 years of age with Boyacá Chicó before eventually signing with Colombian giants Atletico Nacional where he went on to win a double in his debut year winning both the Copa Colombia title and the very first Superliga Colombiana.
 Salvatore Leonard Bando (born February 13 1944 in Cleveland Ohio) is a former third baseman and executive in professional baseball who played for the Kansas City and Oakland Athletics (1966–76) and Milwaukee Brewers (1977–81). He batted and threw right-handed. He played college baseball at Arizona State for coach Bobby Winkles.
 Shōtenrō Taishi (born 31 January 1982 as Nyamsuren Dagdandorj) is a sumo wrestler from Khovd Province Mongolia. He joined professional sumo in 2001 and was known as Musashiryū Taishi until 2007. He made the top makuuchi division for the first time in 2009 and his highest rank has been maegashira 2. He wrestles for Fujishima stable (formerly Musashigawa stable).
 Gregory Gatson (born March 24 1989) is an American football cornerback in the National Football League. He is a free agent. He has played for the San Diego Chargers. He played college football for the Arkansas Razorbacks.
 Michael Glöckner (born 25 May 1969) is a German cyclist.He won the Gold Medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1992 Summer Olympics along with Jens Lehmann Stefan Steinweg Guido Fulst and Andreas Walzer.
 Jordan Manihera (born 8 May 1993) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a flanker for North Harbour in the ITM Cup and the Blues in Super Rugby.
 William Robert Will Hudson (born March 30 1989) is an American professional basketball player who last played for ASVEL Basket of the LNB Pro A.
 Jody Handley (born 12 March 1979) is an English footballer from Stafford. She is a pacy and experienced attacking player and plays mainly as a wide midfielder for England Women and as a striker for Everton Ladies. She has featured in four FA Women's Cup finals with three different clubs losing the first three but captaining Everton Ladies to their win in 2010.On the international stage Handley has won over 35 England caps since her debut in July 2002.
 Predrag Mijić (Serbian Cyrillic: Пpeдpaг Mијић born May 11 1984 in Žabalj) is a Serbian footballer playing for FK Mladost Bački Jarak.
 Murphy was a Major League Baseball player who played in one game for the Boston Reds on August 16 1884.Murphy whose first name is unknown went hitless in three at bats with one base on balls. He played catcher and left fielder in his only career game.
 Xu Anqi (Chinese: 许安琪; pinyin: Xǔ Ānqí; born 23 January 1992) is a female Chinese épée fencer. She won the gold medal in the women's team épée event at the 2012 Summer Olympics with Li Na Luo Xiaojuan and Sun Yujie
 Marcel Desjardins (born May 19 1966) is the current General Manager for the Ottawa Redblacks in the Canadian Football League. He was most recently the Assistant GM for the Montreal Alouettes from 2008 to 2012. He has also served as the General Manager for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats for two seasons. He is a three time Grey Cup champion having won all three with the Alouettes. Desjardins is a graduate of the Sports Administration program at Laurentian University in Sudbury Ontario.
 Mark Andrew Coombes (born 19 April 1978) is a former English cricketer. Coombes was a left-handed batsman who bowled left-arm medium pace. He was born in Bristol.Coombes represented the Gloucestershire Cricket Board 2 in List A cricket matches. The first of these came against the Yorkshire Cricket Board in the 1999 NatWest Trophy.
 Rodrigo Antonio Pérez Albornoz (born 19 August 1973) is a former Chilean footballer who played as left back for his last professional club Deportes Iquique of the Chilean Primera División in the 2011 season.Pérez began his football career at his professional hometown club O'Higgins making his professional debut aged 19 being promoted to the first adult team by the coach Manuel Pellegrini in the 1993 season then moving to Santiago Wanderers in 1997 after three successful seasons at Rancagua. 
 Robert 'Bob' Snell (born 15 February 1903 in Collie Western Australia – died April 1983 in Adelaide South Australia) was an Australian rules footballer who played for East Perth in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) West Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and New Town in the Tasmanian National Football League (TANFL) between 1923 and 1933.
 Christian Alfonso López (born 2 May 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for AD Alcorcón on loan from RCD Espanyol as an attacking midfielder.
 Tarah Gieger (born September 18 1985 in Aguadilla Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican female professional motocross racer.
 Andrew James Whitworth (born December 12 1981) is an American football offensive lineman for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Louisiana State University (LSU). He was chosen in the second round of the 2006 NFL Draft.
 Wang Yimei (Chinese: 王一梅; pinyin: Wáng Yīméi; born 11 January 1988 in Dalian Liaoning) is a Chinese volleyball player. She lives in Liaoning Province.Yimei is a main attacker for the Chinese women's volleyball team. She played her first match for China in 2005 and has represented the national side at both the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics where she was second leading scorer only behind the American player Logan Tom and she was also represented her nation at the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
 Gustav-Adolf Sjöberg (22 March 1865 – 31 October 1937) was a Swedish sport shooter who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics. In 1908 he was a member of the Swedish team which won the silver medal in the free rifle team event.He also finished fourth in the 300 metre free rifle competition.
 Jordan David Kovacs (born June 12 1990) is a American football safety for the Miami Dolphins who played his redshirt senior season in 2012 for the Michigan Wolverines football team. He was a walk-on who earned 2009 CollegeFootballNews.com Freshman All-America second team recognition and 2009 Sporting News Freshman All-Big Ten honors for the 2009 Wolverines while being the second-leading tackler on the team.
 John Richard Jack Leasure (born January 29 1986) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Taranaki Mountainairs of the New Zealand National Basketball League. He is best known for his collegiate career at Coastal Carolina University in which he was named the 2006 Big South Conference Player of the Year and finished with 411 made three-point field goals which was the fifth-highest NCAA Division I total at the time of his graduation in 2008.
 Keith Harvey (born 25 December 1934) is an English former professional footballer who played as a centre half.
 Robert Müller (June 25 1980 – May 21 2009) was a German professional ice hockey goaltender.
 Brian Patterson (b. January 4 1965 in Hayward California U.S.) is a former American Old School bicycle motocross (BMX) racer.Brian Patterson is the younger of the most potent sibling combinations BMX has ever seen. With Brent the Brothers Patterson are the only brothers to both hold the National No.1 Pro title in any major BMX sanctioning body. Brent in 1980 and Brian in 1982 and 1983 in the American Bicycle Association (ABA).
 Jim Gibbons (born September 26 1936) is a retired American professional football tight end for the NFL's Detroit Lions (1958–68).
 Clarence Skelton Wimble a South African cricketer was born at Graaff-Reinet Cape Colony on 22 April 1861 and died in Johannesburg in the Transvaal on 28 January 1930 aged 68. A right-handed batsman and superior field his first-class career was an exceedingly short one lasting just two matches in eleven months. His debut came in a Currie Cup match in 1891 when Kimberley came to the Old Wanderers ground at Johannesburg and defeated Transvaal.
 Frédéric Guesdon (born October 14 1971) is a French former professional road bicycle racer who competed as a professional between 1995 and 2012 most notably for UCI ProTeam FDJ-BigMat spending 16 years of his career with the team.Guesdon was born in Saint-Méen-le-Grand Brittany. He turned professional in 1995 with the French Le Groupement team and moved on to the Polti team in 1996 where he scored eleventh place at Paris–Roubaix and third place at the French championship.
 Denis Gremelmayr (born August 16 1981 in Heidelberg Baden-Württemberg) is a German male tennis player. Gremelmayr turned pro in 2000 and reached #97 in August 2006. He spent 2007 in the top 200 and finished the year at #119.
 Marcelo Enrique Corrales García (born 20 February 1971) is a Chilean footballer yho currently plays professionally as a striker for San Antonio Unido.
 Harry Skipper (born February 4 1960 in Baxley Georgia) was a football player in the CFL for seven years years. Skipper played defensive back for the Montreal Concordes and Saskatchewan Roughriders from 1983-1989. He played college football at the University of South Carolina.He now coaches football and track for thomas county central high he also coached wrestling helping 4 kids place 3rd 4th 5th and 6th respectfully in state in a 3 year span which is unheard of for this small town school.
 Wilfried Brookhuis (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈʋɪl.ˌfrit ˈbroːk.ˌɦœy̯s]) (born 16 October 1961 in Oldenzaal Overijssel) is a retired football goalkeeper from the Netherlands who played professional football for NEC Nijmegen for eleven years (1985–1996). Later on he became an assistant at the club.
 Peter Podhradský (born December 10 1979 in Bratislava Slovakia) is a Slovak professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays in the Kontinental Hockey League for HC Donbass.
 C.K. Vineeth (born 20 May 1988) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bengaluru FC in the I-League on loan from United.
 Christopher James Chris Slater (born 14 January 1984) is an English footballer who plays for Northern Premier League side Chasetown.He had given up on becoming a professional footballer in 2005 after being released by Wolves and joined non-league Chasetown. However after victory over Port Vale in the FA Cup in December 2007 he turned pro at Vale Park. He spent eleven months in the Football League before returning to Chasetown. He helped the club to win promotion in 2010.
 Luiz Rhodolfo Dini Gaioto simply known as Rhodolfo (born August 11 1986 in Bandeirantes) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Grêmio on loan from São Paulo as a central defender.Made professional debut away to Internacional in 0–2 defeat on 10 September 2006 in the Brazilian Série A.
 For the singer see Muhammad Shahid Nazir.
 Daniel Teklehaymanot Girmazion (born 10 November 1988) is a professional road racing cyclist from Eritrea. He competes for the MTN Qhubeka squad.
 Gino Munaron (born April 2 1928 in Turin – died November 22 2009 in Valenza) was a former racing driver from Italy. He participated in 4 Formula One World Championship Grands Prix debuting on February 7 1960. He scored no championship points.
 Tomáš Jiránek (born July 8 1991) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He played with BK Mladá Boleslav in the Czech Extraliga during the 2010–11 Czech Extraliga playoffs.
 Koray Günter (German pronunciation: [ˈkoːˌʀaɪ ˈɡuːnˈtɐ] Turkish pronunciation: [koɾaj ɟyntæɾ]; born 16 August 1994) is a German-Turkish footballer who plays as a centre back for Süper Lig club Galatasaray.
 Stephanie Berto (born March 13 1953) is a retired female track and field athlete who represented Canada at the 1968 Summer Olympics in the women's 100 metres and 4 x 100 m relay while becoming the youngest member of the olympic team at age 15. At 16 she captured a bronze medal in 100 meters and a silver medal in the 4 x 100 meter relay at the 1969 Pacific Conference Games in Tokyo Japan.
 Charvely Mabiala is a Congolese professional footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Saint Michel de Loukoléla.
 Johnnie Cowan (May 31 1913 – October 24 1993) was an American infielder in Negro league baseball. He played between 1934 and 1948.
 Thomas Franke (born 21 January 1988) is a German footballer who plays for TSG Neustrelitz.
 Christoph Teinert (born January 30 1980 in Heidelberg) is a German football player he last plays for VfR Aalen.
 Shirene Human (born 9 January 1980 in Johannesburg) is a South African figure skater. She is a ten-time national champion and placed 24th at the 1998 Winter Olympics.
 Fereydoun Moeini (born 23 August 1946) is a retired Iranian football striker who has played all of his careers at Persepolis. He is also a teacher at the universities and was also team manager of Iran national football team. His brother Masoud is also a former footballer and coach.
 Lenda Belly Vumbi Bundu (born 13 July 1995 in Aubervilliers France) is a French footballer who currently plays for French Ligue 2 side FC Tours. He's a youth exponent from the club. He plays as left back. He made his Ligue 2 debut on the opening game of the 2013/14 season at 2 August 2013 against Clermont Foot. He replaced Billy Ketkeophomphone after 68 minutes in a 2-1 away lose. Four days later he played in the Coupe de la Ligue against FC Istres.
 Jed Bews (born 14 December 1993) is an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was drafted with the 86th pick in the 2011 AFL Draft under the father-son rule. His father Andrew Bews also played for the Geelong Football Club he wore the number 27 Jed was offered this number but decided against it instead he was given number 24.
 Thomas Tom Thomas (8 April 1880 – 13 August 1911) was a Welsh boxer the first British middleweight boxing champion.
 Sam Mongin (born January 17 1884 and died January 30 1936) was a Negro Leagues third baseman and second baseman for several years before the founding of the first Negro National League and in its first few seasons.Nicknamed Polly Mongin started with the Philadelphia Giants at the age of 23. During his career it appears he spent the most seasons (five) for the Lincoln Giants.Mongin died at the age of 52 in New York New York.
 Marcus Hoffmann (born 12 October 1987) is a German footballer who is currently a free agent.
 Ruairi O'Rahilly was a footballer from Co Kerry. He played football with Ballymacelligott and Kerry. He won an All Ireland Under 21 title with Kerry in 1996 and was part of the panel that won National League Munster and All Ireland titles. He played with his local Ballymacelligott club.
 Kevin Bernard Moran (born 29 April 1956) is a former Irish footballer who excelled at the top levels in both Gaelic and soccer. In Gaelic football he is known for his time as a Dublin senior team player winning two All-Ireland Senior Football Championships with them and in soccer for his career with Manchester United and Ireland. He was the first man to be sent off in an FA Cup Final.Moran grew up in Rialto Dublin until his early teens before he moved to the Long Mile Road in Walkinstown.
 Assadollah Assad Vala (born 5 July 1987) is a Papua New Guinean cricketer. A left-handed batsman and off spin bowler he has played for the Papua New Guinea national cricket team since 2005.
 Abhishek Ambekar (born 11 August 1991) is an Indian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Mumbai Tigers in the I-League.
 Joe Shelley (born 8 September 1892) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
 André Fabião Viapiana also known as André Chu (born 15 March 1981) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Reggiana.André Viapiana played for Bragantino 15 de Novembro and CRB in 2007 before moving to Swiss club AC Lugano in February 2008.
 Mathieu Bois (born July 6 1988 in Longueuil Quebec) is a male swimmer from Canada who mostly competes in the breaststroke events. He claimed a bronze medal (100m breaststroke) at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro Brazil.Bois made his Olympic debut at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing PR China.
 Danielle Sheen is an English female football striker. She currently plays for Blackburn Rovers Ladies.
 Sam Shankland (born October 1 1991) is an American chess grandmaster (2011); He was California State champion in 2008 2009 and 2011 and US Junior Champion in 2010.
 Can Artam (born June 30 1981 in Istanbul) is a Turkish race car driver born into a car racing family. He raced in the 2005 GP2 Series for the iSport team and was the 2001 US Barber Formula Dodge champion.
 Siboniso Gaxa IPA: [ˈɡɑːǁɑː] (born 6 April 1984 in Durban KwaZulu-Natal) is a South African football defender who currently plays for Kaizer Chiefs F.C. and South Africa.
 Eleno Agapito Mayor Valenzuela (August 18 1915 – April 18 2005) was a Cuban professional baseball pitcher. Listed at 5' 11 185 lb. he batted and threw left handed.
 Kenny van Weeghel (born September 16 1980 Zwolle) is a Paralympic athlete from the Netherlands competing in the 100 200 and 400 m T54 class wheelchair racing.He won his first main title in 2001 on the 200 m of the European championships. In 2002 he became world champion on the 100 m while he won both the 100m and 200m during the 2003 world championships and the 200m and 400m at the European championships.
 John Foley is a retired American college football linebacker who played for coach Lou Holtz at the University of Notre Dame. In 1985 while playing for St. Rita High School in Chicago Illinois he was named as the USA Today High School Defensive Player of the Year.Foley did not play any games in the National Football League. In 2000 he began work as an investment banker in Memphis Tennessee.
 Richard Allen Crunkilton (born November 25 1979) is an American mixed martial artist. He competes in the Lightweight division. He defeated Sergio Gomez on March 26 2008 at WEC 33. He was scheduled to face Donald Cerrone at WEC 34 but was forced off the card with an injury. Crunkilton was forced to withdraw from his bout with Bart Palaszewski at WEC 39 because of a knee injury.
 Kevin O'Brien is a current inter-county Gaelic football for Dublin and plays his club football for Naomh Mearnóg. Kevin was the captain of the All-Ireland Under 21 Football Championship side that won the all-Ireland in 2012. He won Division one of the National football league with Dublin as a senior player in 2013.On 13 February 2014 O'Brien ruptured his anterior cruciate ligament while playing for DIT in the Sigerson Cup which will sideline him for the rest of the 2014 season.
 Joanne Ryan is a camogie player winner of an All-Star award in 2006 and All Ireland medals in 2001 (when she scored a point in both finals) 2003 and 2004 when she captained the team and scored the match-winning goal.
 Vasili Yuryevich Chernitsyn (Russian: Василий Юрьевич Черницын; born May 15 1977) is a Russian professional footballer. He plays for FC Kolomna. He made his debut in the Russian Premier League in 1999 for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
 Kerri Michel Hanks (born September 2 1985 in Plano Texas) is an American soccer forward who last played for Sky Blue FC of Women's Professional Soccer. She is currently an assistant coach for the Texas Christian University women's soccer team.Hanks was a forward for the University of Notre Dame women's soccer team from 2005 to 2008 and is one of the most highly decorated players in the history of women's college soccer.
 Lukáš Bodeček (born 24 August 1988) is a Czech footballer currently playing for FK Viktoria Žižkov.
 Andrés Felipe Ortiz (born March 20 1987) is a Colombian footballer that plays for Independiente MedellínHe can play as Central Defender. He was a starter on the Colombia U-20 team that failed to qualify for the 2007 World Cup
 Floyd Arthur Kranson (July 24 1913 – September 1967) was an American baseball pitcher in the Negro Leagues. He played from 1935 to 1940 with the Kansas City Monarchs and the Chicago American Giants. He pitched for the West in the 1936 East-West All-Star Game.
 Michael Darren Mike Williams (born July 29 1968 in Radford Virginia) is a former Major League Baseball right-handed relief pitcher who had a 12-year career with the Philadelphia Phillies Kansas City Royals Houston Astros and the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1992 to 2003.Williams was a two-time National League All-Star in 2002 and 2003. In 2002 he finished third in the N.L. with 46 saves. In his career he posted a record of 32-54 with 144 saves and a 4.45 ERA.
 William John Brockway (8 October 1928 – 26 July 2009) was a former British swimmer and captain of the British swimming team at the 1952 and 1956 Olympic Games. He was born in Bristol and died in Newport.Brockway made his Olympic début at the 1948 Olympic Games in London United Kingdom. He reached the final of the men's 100 m backstroke finishing 7th in a time of 1:09.2.
 Stipe Modrić (born 8 May 1979) is a professional basketball player with Slovene and Croatian nationality. HE currently plays for KD Slovan.Modrić was born in Sinj Croatia in 1979. He is 207 cm tall and plays on the position of forward and power forward. During his career he has played for Alkar Sinj Union Olimpija EnBW Ludwigsburg Geoplin Slovan Cedevita Anwil Włocławek and Astrum Levice.
 Toni Karjalainen (born 9 July 1979) is one of only a few Finnish professional golfers on the international circuit and has been his country's highest ranked male golfer. Karjalainen won the 2005 Thomas Björn Open on the European Tour's official developmental tour to earn full membership of the Challenge Tour for 2006. He followed up in 2006 by winning the Telenet Trophy.
 Denzel Bowles (born 1 May 1989) is an American professional basketball player that plays for the Iowa Energy of the NBA D-League. He is a James Madison University alumni. In May 2012 Bowles helped the B-meg Llamados to a championship victory. He was fouled with 1.7 seconds left in the championship game and nailed both free throws to send the game into overtime. Bowles finished that game with 39 points and 21 rebounds. He's standing 6-feet 11-inches long.
 Andrei Silviu Margaritescu (born 1 January 1980 in Piteşti) is a Romanian professional football player.He is free agent.
 Keith Joseph Andrews (born 13 September 1980) is an Irish association footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Football League Championship team Brighton & Hove Albion on loan from divisional rivals Bolton Wanderers and the Republic of Ireland national team.Andrews began his career at Wolves where he was their youngest captain for more than a century.
 Jonathan O'Rourke (born 21 April 1994) is a professional Australian rules football player at the Greater Western Sydney Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was recruited by the club in the 2012 National Draft with pick #2. O'Rourke made his debut in Round 16 2013 against Sydney at Stadium Australia.
 Artem Borysovych Rubanko (Ukrainian: Артем Борисович Рубанко; born 21 August 1974 in Kiev in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian hammer thrower. His personal best throw is 80.44 metres achieved in May 2004 in Kiev. He competed at the 2004 2008 Olympic Games and 2012 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
 Gilberto Milos (born October 30 1963 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian chess player with a current Elo chess rating of 2593. He was awarded the title of International Master (IM) in 1984 and the title of Grandmaster in 1988. He was the Brazilian National Champion in 1984 1985 1986 1989 1994 and 1995. His most notable chess tournament accomplishments are first prize in the 1987 1998 2005 and 2007 South American Chess Championship in Santiago and first at Buenos Aires 1988.
 Leonardo Leo Andrés Mainoldi (born March 4 1985) is an Argentine-Italian professional basketball player. He is 6 ft 8 1⁄2 in (2.04 m) tall.
 Clarence Clarrie Nolan (born 24 August 1904 date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).Nolan a Shepparton recruit joined North Melbourne in 1925 and took part in their inaugural VFL season. He was North Melbourne's leading goal-kicker in 1928 with 24 goals despite not registering his first goal until round nine.The following year he joined West Albury as captain-coach.
 Marina Grigorevna Kudriavtseva (nee: Titova) (Russian: Марина Григорьевна Кудрявцева (Титова) born 1 June 1952) is a former Soviet figure skater and current coach. She married her coach Viktor Kudriavtsev and has one son named Anton. After her competitive career she coached skaters Elena Sokolova Viktoria Volchkova and Alexander Uspenski among others.
 Raphael Mollet (born 18 June 1988 in Switzerland) is a professional football centre back. He currently plays for FC Schaffhausen.
 Federico Martín Elduayén Saldaña (born June 25 1977) is an Uruguayan football goalkeeper who plays for Guabirá in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano. His nickname is Vikingo (Viking).He began his career in the youth squads of Peñarol. He made his professional debut in 1999 in the Copa Mercosur defending Peñarol against Vasco Da Gama in Brazil. Elduayén participated in six straight Copa Libertadores editions with Peñarol from 2000–2005.
 Marcus Henry (born February 21 1986 in Hinesville Georgia) is a Canadian football wide receiver who plays for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League. He was drafted by the New York Jets in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft. Henry played college football at Kansas.
 Francis Kerbiriou (born 11 May 1951) is a former athlete from France who competed mainly in the 400 metres.He competed for a France in the 1972 Summer Olympics held in Munich Germany in the 4 x 400 metre relay where he won the bronze medal with his team mates Gilles Bertould Daniel Velasques and Jacques Carette.
 Pape-Philippe Amagou (born February 27 1985) is a Côte d'Ivoirean-French basketball player currently playing for Chorale Roanne. He is a member of the Côte d'Ivoire national basketball team.In 2005-06 Amagou became a French national basketball champion with his team Le Mans after capturing the French National Cup in 2004.Amagou also participated in the French All Star Game in 2005 and 2006.Amagou currently plays with Kavala BC in the Greek League.
 Bleddyn Williams MBE (22 February 1923 – 6 July 2009) was a Welsh rugby union centre. He played in 22 internationals for Wales captaining them five times winning each time and captained the British Lions in 1950 for some of their tour of Australia and New Zealand. Considered to be the nonpareil of Welsh centres; he was robust in the tackle and known for his strong leadership and surging runs; he was often referred to as 'The Prince Of Centres'.
 Jacob Tullin Tulla Thams (April 7 1898 – July 27 1954) was a Norwegian Olympian. He won the first Olympic ski jumping gold medal in 1924 and became the third person (after Gillis Grafström who competed in one sport only and boxer/bobsleigh crew member Eddie Eagan) to medal in both the Winter and Summer Olympics in 1936 as a member of the silver medal-winning Norwegian 8-metre sailing team.
 Obi Pius Ezeh (February 2 1988) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent. He was included on both the 2009 midseason and the 2009 preseason watchlist for the Butkus Award. He was the active Michigan Wolverines football career leader in tackles.In high school he played running back on offense more regularly than linebacker on defense.
 Akio Kanemoto (born 9 April 1945) is a Japanese professional golfer.Kanemoto played on the Japan Golf Tour winning three times.
 Adam Campbell (born 1 January 1995) is an English footballer who plays for St Mirren on loan from Newcastle United. Campbell plays as a striker and winger.
 Jaroslava Lorencová is a Czech football goalkeeper currently playing for Sparta Prague in the Czech First Division. She previously played for 1.FC Brno.She is a member of the Czech national team. She made her debut on 31 May 2009 in a match against Poland.
 Carly Rae Patterson-Caldwell (born February 4 1988 in Baton Rouge Louisiana)[citation needed] is an American singer and former gymnast. She is the 2004 Olympic All-Around Champion and a member of the USA Gymnastics Hall of Fame. She currently lives in Allen Texas.[citation needed]
 Mustafa Nadhim Jari Al-Shabbani (Arabic: مصطفى ناظم جاري الشيباني‎ born September 23 1993 in Al-Diwaniyah Iraq) is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a Defender for Najaf FC in Iraq Premier League.
 Jason Mark Robinson (born 24 March 1965) is a former English cricketer. Robinson was a right-handed batsman who played primarily as a wicketkeeper. He was born at Lichfield Staffordshire.Robinson played made his debut in County Cricket for Herefordshire in the Minor Counties Championship in 1992 against Devon. During the 1992 season he played 2 further Championship matches for the county against Cornwall and Cheshire.
 Justin Jonathon Bates (born 9 April 1976) is a former English cricketer. Bates was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm off break. He was born in Farnborough Hampshire.Bates made his debut for Sussex in a List A match in the 1996 AXA Equity and Law League against Essex. The following season he made his first-class debut for the county against Oxford University.
 Ruslan Perekhoda (born July 18 1987) is an cross country skier from Ukraine.
 Anna Santamans (born 1993) is a French swimmer. She was born in Arles. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
 Donald Thomas Caley (born October 9 1945) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender.
 Vinícius Justino Calamari (born 1 June 1988) is a Brazilian footballer.
 Scott Mathew Hemond (November 18 1965 in Taunton Massachusetts) is a retired professional baseball player who played catcher in the Major Leagues from 1989-1995. He played for the Oakland Athletics Chicago White Sox and St. Louis Cardinals.
 Edward John Lewis (5 December 1859 – 8 June 1925) was a Welsh medical doctor and international rugby union half-back who played club rugby for Llandovery College and international rugby for Wales. He won just a single game for Wales when he was selected for the first ever Welsh rugby international.
 Anthony Peluso (born April 18 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing for the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League (NHL). Peluso was selected by the St. Louis Blues in the 6th round (160th overall) of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
 Not to be confused with John A. Kelley another distance runner similarly named.
 Shaffik Abdul Rahman (born 14 July 1984) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing for Negeri Sembilan FA in Malaysia Super League. He was born in Johor.
 Michael Sahl Hansen (born March 10 1978) is a Danish handball player currently playing for Danish Handball League side FCK Håndbold. He is the team's captain and in 2008 he led his team to their first ever Danish championship.
 Cícero Tortelli (born February 16 1967 in Rio de Janeiro) is a former breaststroke swimmer from Brazil.Participated at the 1986 World Aquatics Championships in Madrid where he finished 16th in the 100-metre breaststroke consolation final and 25th in the 200-metre breaststroke.He was at the 1987 Pan American Games in Indianapolis where he won a bronze medal in the 4×100-metre medley. He also finished 6th in the 100-metre breaststroke and in the 200-metre breaststroke.
 Vladimir Valeryevich Leonchenko (Russian: Владимир Валерьевич Леонченко; born April 11 1972) is a retired Russian professional footballer. He made his professional debut in the Russian Second Division in 1992 for FC Dynamo-d Moscow.He is currently heading the Russian Professional Football Players and Coaches Union.
 Terry Benton (born 13 July 1942) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).Benton a defender played junior football at West Coburg prior to joining North Melbourne.
 František Kubík (born 14 March 1989) is a Slovak footballer who plays for Ergotelis F.C. in the Superleague Greece as a Striker.
 Pierre-Gilles Lakafia (b. March 13 1987 in Tours Indre-et-Loire France) is a French rugby union player. He plays at Wing for Castres. He is the brother of Biarritz Olympique Number 8 Rafaël Lakafia and the son of former French javelin champion Jean-Paul Lakafia and his mother was a discus thrower. His parents are originally from Wallis and Futuna. He was a member of the French sevens team playing at the 2011 Hong Kong Sevens.
 Ben Cooper is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC Sheffield Eagles Huddersfield Giants and Leigh Centurions as a Fullback Wing or Centre.
 Miguel Roca (born 21 April 1956) is a Spanish fencer. He competed in the individual foil event at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
 George Albert Rowles (1866 – 12 September 1922) was a Welsh rugby union international halfback who played club rugby for Penarth. He won a single cap for Wales during the 1892 Home Nations Championship. He was the second player to represent Wales while playing club rugby for Penarth after Dickie Garrett.
 Ryan Liddie (born October 15 1980) is an Anguillan football player. He has played for Anguilla national team.
 James Hall was a professional baseball player who played second base for the Brooklyn Atlantics (1872 1874) and Keokuk Westerns (1875) of the NAPBBP.
 Raymond Ernest Ragelis (December 10 1928 – September 19 1983) was an American professional basketball player.A 6'4 (1.93 m) and 205 lbs (93 kg) forward from Northwestern University Ragelis was selected in the second round of the 1951 NBA Draft by the Rochester Royals. He played one season with Rochester coming off the bench in 51 of the 66 games and averaging 1.3 points per game.
 Charles Vincent Vinnie Chulk (born December 19 1978) is a Major League Baseball relief pitcher who is currently a free agent. He is of Cuban heritage.
 Dara Ó Cinnéide (born 25 April 1975 in Dingle County Kerry) is a former Irish sportsperson. He played Gaelic football with his local club An Ghaeltacht and was a member of the Kerry senior inter-county team from 1995 until 2005. Ó Cinnéide captained Kerry to the All-Ireland title in 2004.
 J. Webster (first name and dates unknown) was an English cricketer who was associated with Sheffield Cricket Club and made his first-class debut in 1827. He played for Sheffield from 1822 to 1829.
 Rondell Christopher Mealey (born February 24 1977) is a former American football running back in the National Football League.
 Michael Mike Sojourner (born October 16 1953 in Germantown Pennsylvania) is a retired American professional basketball player.A 6'9 (2.05 m) power forward / center from the University of Utah Sojourner played three seasons (1974–1977) in the National Basketball Association as a member of the Atlanta Hawks where he played his entire professional career.
 Alexandru Manta (born in Bucharest 7 June 1977) is a Romanian rugby union footballer.
 Michael Mike Sweeney (born December 25 1959) is a former Canadian soccer player. In 2012 as part of the Canadian Soccer Association's centennial celebration he was named to the on the all-time Canada XI men's team.
 Yury Valavik (Belarusian: Юрый Валавік; Russian: Юрий Воловик; born 19 June 1993) is a Belarusian professional football player currently playing for Bereza-2010 on loan from Dinamo Minsk.
 Glenn Rashad Moore (born March 16 1979 in Huntsville Alabama) is an American football defensive tackle who's currently a free agent. He was originally drafted by the Seattle Seahawks in the sixth round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He played college football at Tennessee.Moore has also been a member of the Oakland Raiders New York Jets New England Patriots and the Atlanta Falcons in his career.
 David Korčián (born 3 April 1986) is a Czech footballer who plays as a forward. He currently plays for 1. HFK Olomouc.
 Jan Lehane O'Neill (born 9 July 1941) is a former Australian female tennis player.At the Australian Championships O'Neill reached the singles final four consecutive years (1960–1963) but lost to Margaret Court each time. O'Neill had a similar experience in women's doubles reaching the final twice (in 1961 with Mary Bevis Hawton and 1963 with Lesley Turner Bowrey) but losing each time to a team that included Court (with Mary Carter Reitano in 1961 and Robyn Ebbern in 1963).
 Aaron Scheffer (born August 15 1975 in Ypsilanti Michigan) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Seattle Mariners (1999). He also played in the Florida Marlins and Oakland Athletics organizations.
 Glenn David Williams (born 18 July 1977 in Gosford New South Wales) is a retired third baseman from Australia who played in the Minnesota Twins organization. He played in Major League Baseball for the Twins during the 2005 season. He was a member of the team that won the silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens Greece. Williams currently has a 13-game hitting streak as he has a hit in every game that he has played in while in the major leagues.Glenn is the eldest of two children.
 Heiner Dopp (born 27 June 1956 in Bad Dürkheim Rheinland-Pfalz) is a former field hockey player from West Germany who competed at three Summer Olympics for his native country. He won the silver medal with his team in 1984 (Los Angeles) and in 1988 (Seoul). Dopp made his Olympic debut in 1976 (Montreal). He played 286 international matches for the national team and won the German club title eight times with TG Frankenthal. After his hockey career he got engaged in local politics.
 James Lemke (born 25 January 1988) is an Australian professional tennis player. He competes mainly on the ATP Challenger Tour and ITF Futures both in singles and doubles. He reached his highest ATP singles ranking No. 224 on 6 June 2011 and his highest ATP doubles ranking No. 293 on 10 October 2011.
 Mariana Pajón Londoño ODB (born 10 October 1991 in Medellín) is a Colombian cyclist Olympic Gold Medalist and BMX World Champion.She won her first national title at age of 5 and her first world title at 9. Overall she is the winner of 14 world championships 2 national championships in the United States 9 Latin American Championships and 10 Pan American championships. She also won Gold at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London on 10 August.
 Ernie Cope (born July 17 1969 in Spanaway Washington) is an Amercan stock car crew chief and a former competitor in the NASCAR Winston Cup Series Craftsman Truck Series and Winston West Series.
 Tatyana Alekseyeva (born October 7 1963) is a former 400 metres runner from Russia. Her personal best result was 49.98.
 Michele Tardioli (born 7 November 1970) is an Italian footballer currently without a club. He spent 18 seasons at clubs of Province of Perugia and Province of Arezzo.
 Imadu Dooyum (born 24 November 1980) is a Nigerian football player currently playing for Akwa United F.C.. In August 2004 he was on trial with KV Mechelen.
 Juan de Dios Pérez Quijada (born 1 January 1980 in Panama City Panama) usually known as Juan Pérez is a Panamanian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Tauro.He made his debut for the Panama in 2006 against Peru.
 Kārlis Skrastiņš (July 9 1974 – September 7 2011) was a Latvian professional ice hockey player. Skrastins was a member of Lokomotiv Yaroslavl of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) and was on board the team plane which crashed on September 7 2011. Skrastiņš played eleven seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) before joining Lokomotiv in 2011.
 Albert Maratovich Khayrutdinov (Russian: Альберт Маратович Хайрутдинов; born December 24 1993) is a Russian football defender who currently plays for FC Rubin-2 Kazan.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Rubin-2 Kazan on April 30 2011 in a game against FC Chelyabinsk.
 Josip Ćorić (born 9 November 1988) is a Croatian-born Bosnian football midfielder who is currently plays for NK Sesvete.He came to FC Spartak Trnava in summer 2010.
 Filip Trojan (born 21 February 1983) is a Czech footballer who plays as a Midfielder for German 2nd division club Dynamo Dresden.
 Alan Rogers (born 6 July 1954) is a retired English footballer who played as a winger.A left-footed player Rogers joined Plymouth Argyle as an apprentice in 1970. He made his debut three years later and played his part in the team that reached the semi-finals of the League Cup in 1974. The club won promotion back to the Football League Second Division one year later but Rogers only made one league appearance due to injury.
 John Marsden (born 9 December 1992) is an English footballer who is currently unattached.
 Merlyn Alexis Membreño Flores (born June 24 1972 in Tegucigalpa) is a retired Honduran football defender.
 Albert Ernst Victor Hartkopf (28 December 1889 – 20 May 1968) was an Australian sportsman who played Test cricket for Australia and Australian rules football for Melbourne University Football Club.Born in North Fitzroy Victoria to German migrants Hartkopf attended Scotch College Melbourne attracting attention as a star schoolboy athlete.
 Rodrigue Moundounga (born 28 August 1982) is a Gabonese international footballer who plays as a defender for CF Mounana.
 Mauro Boselli (born 22 May 1985) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for León. Boselli began his career at Argentine First Division clubs Boca Juniors and Estudiantes before moving to England in 2010 to join Wigan Athletic. He has also made four appearances for the Argentina national team.His style of play has been described by Roberto Martínez as a clever player and natural finisher ... who can create havoc in the penalty area.
 Mohd Fazrul Hazli bin Mohd Kadri (born on July 10 1989 in Perak) is a Malaysian footballer who played as a midfielder.
 Gabriel R. Gonzalez (born 15 February 1988 in Nayarit) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a midfielder for Orange County Blues FC in USL Pro.
 Ruggero Trevisan (born 12 March 1990) is an Italian rugby union who plays as a Fullback. He currently plays for Zebre.After Aironi collapsed because of financial problems Trevisan moved to the Italian franchise Zebre along with many of the Aironi team.
 John Warner (3 May 1911 – 31 October 1995) was a South African cricket umpire. He stood in two Test matches between 1962 and 1965.
 Tosha Tsang (born 17 October 1970 in Saskatoon) is a Canadian rower.
 Donald Slade (26 November 1888 – 24 March 1980) was an English footballer who played as a forward for various English clubs in the period prior to World War I before a post-war career in Scotland.
 Josip Bilaver (born 14 August 1984) is a Croatian football player currently playing for NK Zadar in the Prva HNL.
 Jim P. Heenan (19 May 1930 – 29 October 1999) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).His father also named Jim had made eight appearances for North Melbourne in 1930.Heenan had a good debut season at Essendon winning their award for the best first year player and also polling seven votes in the Brownlow Medal. A back pocket defender he came off the bench in the 1957 VFL Grand Final but played in the losing team.
 Antonin Rouzier (born August 18 1986 in Saint-Martin-d'Hères France) is a French men's volleyball player member of the French national team that won silver medal on the European Championship 2009. Since 2013 he has been playing for Italian club Bre Banca Lannutti Cuneo.
 Akio Sohda (左右田 秋雄 Sōda Akio born April 10 1909) was a Japanese field hockey player who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics. He was born in Dalian China.In 1932 he was a member of the Japanese field hockey team which won the silver medal. He played two matches as back.
 Stuart D. Barnes (born December 25 1970) is an assistant coach with the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL). He played 16 seasons at centre in the NHL with the Winnipeg Jets Florida Panthers Pittsburgh Penguins Buffalo Sabres and Dallas Stars.
 Harvey Forsyth MacDonald (May 18 1898 – October 4 1965) was a Major League Baseball player who played in 13 games for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1928. He was used as a pinch hitter in 11 of his 13 games.
 Josué Mayard (born October 3 1980 in Montreal) is a Haitian soccer player.
 David William Maroul (born February 15 1983 in Fort Worth Texas) is a former baseball player. He was the 2005 College World Series Most Outstanding Player. He played collegiately for the Texas Longhorns. He is one of six players from University of Texas at Austin to win that award. The others are: Tom Hamilton Mickey Reichenbach Calvin Schiraldi Huston Street and J.L.
 Phillip Phil Matera (born 27 November 1975) is a former Australian rules footballer of Italian-Aboriginal heritage.
 Nuno Filipe Gomes Laurentino (born August 3 1975) is a former competition swimmer from Portugal who represented his country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta Georgia and the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney Australia.Laurentino was born in Lisbon Portugal.
 Miroslav Miro Šipek (born 6 April 1948) is a Yugoslav Australian rifle shooting coach. He represented Yugoslavia at the 1972 Summer Olympics in rifle shooting. He was the coach for Australia's shooters at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
 Simon Andrew Sturridge (born 9 December 1969) is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker. He made more than 250 appearances in the Football League for Birmingham City Stoke City Blackpool Northampton Town and Shrewsbury Town.
 Gichin Funakoshi (船越 義珍 Funakoshi Gichin November 10 1868 – April 26 1957) is the founder of Shotokan Karate-Do perhaps the most widely known style of karate and is attributed as being the father of modern karate. Following the teachings of Anko Itosu he was one of the Okinawan karate masters who introduced karate to the Japanese mainland in 1922. He taught karate at various Japanese universities and became honorary head of the Japan Karate Association upon its establishment in 1949.
 Roman Dissake Oben (born October 9 1972 in Cameroon) is a former professional American football player. He played college football at the University of Louisville before being drafted by the New York Giants in 1996. Oben spent 12 years as an offensive tackle in the National Football League playing for the Cleveland Browns Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the San Diego Chargers. He was a starting offensive lineman on the Buccaneers Super Bowl XXXVII Championship team.
 For the other baseball player with a similar name see Mike Rouse.Michael John-Ferrero Rose (born August 25 1976 in Sacramento California) is a retired Major League Baseball catcher.Drafted by the Houston Astros in the 5th round of the 1995 MLB amateur draft. In spring training of 2000 Rose and 5 teammates from the Astros organization were in their hotel room when two gunmen burst in. Aaron Miles was in the next room and wrestled one of the gunmen to the ground before the other one fled.
 Ollie Bejma (born Alojzy Frank Bejma on September 12 1907 in South Bend Indiana) was a Major League Baseball infielder for the St. Louis Browns and Chicago White Sox in the 1930s. He made his major league debut on April 24 1934 for the Browns in a 15-2 loss to the Cleveland Indians. Used as a utility infielder for the remainder of the season Bejma hit .271 in 95 games (both career highs) and played four positions (shortstop second base third base and outfield).
 Bradford Fraley (8 September 1878 – 14 January 1942) was an American fencer. He competed in the team sabre event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
 Jared Nightingale (born October 3 1982) is an American professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the Rockford IceHogs in the American Hockey League. On January 30 2009 Nightingale signed an AHL contract with the Hartford Wolf Pack. He was resigned by Hartford on August 23 2010.
 Colin Walker (born July 7 1929 in Stapleford England) is an English former footballer.
 John Bennett Hill (May 31 1893 New York City New York – December 9 1977 Los Angeles California) was an American racecar driver active in the 1920s and 1930s. He made 66 AAA Championship Car starts capturing 5 wins and 7 poles. He was particularly a specialist at board track racing where all his wins and poles came. He was credited with 3rd place in the 1923 and 1924 national championships and 4th place in 1926.
 Anna Sen (born 3 December 1990) is a Russian handball player for Rostov-Don and the Russian national team.
 Mehmet Nas (born 20 November 1979) is a Turkish professional footballer. He currently plays as a midfielder for Elazığspor in the Süper Lig.
 Roman Petushkov (born February 18 1978) is a Russian cross-country skier biathlete and Paralympian. He compete in classification category sitting events.He competed at the 2010 Winter Paralympics in cross-country skiing and biathlon. In cross-country skiing he took the silver in the 15 km sitting. He placed 5th in the 1 km sprint and 5th in the 10 km sitting. In biathlon he took the bronze medal in the 12.5 km individual sitting.
 Gavin Kenyatta Gordon (born 24 June 1979 in Manchester) is an English footballer. He is currently first team coach at Sleaford Town.
 David William Hill (born 31 July 1978 in Blenheim New Zealand) is a rugby union player. His position is fly-half. He spent most of his career playing for Waikato and the Chiefs.
 Pavel Kadeřábek (born 25 April 1992) is a Czech football player who currently plays for Sparta Prague.
 Frederick Martin Davis (born January 15 1986) is an American football tight end who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Washington Redskins in the second round of the 2008 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Southern California.
 Fred Homer Diute (January 9 1929 – July 19 2004) was an American professional basketball player. Diute was selected in the 1951 NBA Draft by the Rochester Royals after a collegiate career at St. Bonaventure. He played for the Milwaukee Hawks in 1954–55 and averaged 1.6 points 1.9 rebounds and 0.6 assists per contest in 11 career games.
 Christian Jones (born 27 September 1979) is an Australian racing driver; he is the adopted son of 1980 Formula One World Champion Alan Jones. Winning several Karting championships in his early teens Christian moved to Australian Formula Ford in 1996-1998 with his best season finish of 2nd in 1998. Later that year he moved to Formula Palmer Audi winter series placing 4th in the championship.
 Jamie Cudmore (born 6 September 1978 in Winnipeg Manitoba) is a Canadian rugby union player currently playing for the Top 14 club ASM Clermont Auvergne. Previously Cudmore played for Llandovery RFC Llanelli RFC and FC Grenoble.
 Martín Albano Pautasso (Born May 17 1979 in Justiniano Posse Córdoba) is an Argentine football player who usually plays as a full back.Pautasso started his career at Argentine 2nd Division Banfield in 1998. Two years later he transferred to Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata in the Primera Division Argentina.
 Dean Crombie (born 9 August 1957) is an English former professional footballer and current academy coach of Football League Championship side Bolton Wanderers.
 Shane Fitzsimmons (born 24 December 1955) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1970s. He also played for West Perth in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).Fitzsimmons was just 17 years old when he made his Melbourne debut having come to the club from Kyabram.
 Oleg Andronic (born 6 February 1989 in Chișinău) is a Moldovan footballer. He plays for FK Khujand.
 Stevie Thomas (born July 24 1967) is a former Arena football wide receiver/linebacker in the Arena Football League (AFL). He played college football at Bethune-Cookman University.In 2011 Thomas was elected into the Arena Football Hall of Fame.
 Daniel McKenzie (born 24 October 1988 in Reading Berkshire) is a professional British racing driver from England.
 Anthony Guy Tony Sardisco (December 5 1932 – May 28 2006) was an American football guard/linebacker. He played in the National Football League for the San Francisco 49ers and Washington Redskins in 1956. Sardisco then served in the U.S. Air Force for two years although he continued to play football making All-Air Force in 1957 and All-Service in 1957 and 1958. He returned to professional football with the Calgary Stampeders in the Canadian Football League in 1959.
 Maxie Shapiro is an American boxer from New York New York. Shapiro was undefeated in his first 37 fights with a record of 36-0-1.Maxie fought Leo Rodak two times. The first fight Maxie lost in Brooklyn New York by decision. The second fight Maxie won by decision at Ebbets Field.In Maxie's next fight he fought Jackie Wilson (Boxer) losing by decision in Baltimore Maryland.Maxie also fought one of the greatest fighters of all time Sugar Ray Robinson.
 Ian Peter Thomson (born 6 September 1949) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He also played for East Perth and East Fremantle in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).Thomson a key position player started his career at East Perth in 1967.
 Bailey Caitlin Stenson (born in Renton Washington) is a recent graduate of the University of Washington. Bailey was a former player on the university's softball team and was a member of the team that won the 2009 national championship in Oklahoma City.
 Joseph W. Joe Simpson (fl. 1890s) was an English footballer who made 70 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City in three separate spells. He played as a full back. He also played for Midland League clubs Newark and Kettering and for Lincoln-based club St Mary's.Simpson had an eventful debut for Lincoln City. After 20 minutes of the visit to Darwen goalkeeper John Broadbent suffered a broken bone in his shoulder and Simpson replaced him in goal.
 Josep (Pep) Sánchez Galobardes (born June 8 1976 in Terrassa Catalonia) is a former field hockey midfielder from Spain. He represented the Men's National Team at two consecutive Summer Olympics starting in 2000.
 Maksym Trusevych (born 1 August 1985 Luhansk Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC SKA-Energiya Khabarovsk.Trusevych has previously played in the Russian Premier League with FC Rostov and in the Russian First Division with FC Baltika Kaliningrad. He moved to Chornomorets from FC Obolon Kyiv in June 2010.
 Milan Šrejber (Czech pronunciation: [ˈmɪlan ˈʃrɛjbr̩]) (born 30 December 1963 in Prague) is a former tennis player from Czechoslovakia who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. There here reached the semi finals of the men's doubles competition partnering Miloslav Mečíř. The pair was defeated by America's eventual winners Ken Flach and Robert Seguso but still won the bronze medal.
 Almighty Voice was a Canadian lacrosse player who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.In 1904 he was member of the Mohawk Indians Lacrosse Team which won the bronze medal in the lacrosse tournament.
 Maksim Valeryevich Gerin (Russian: Максим Валерьевич Герин; born September 4 1984) is a Russian professional football player. In 2010 he played for FC Sakhalin Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk in the Russian Second Division. He also holds Moldovan citizenship.
 Joseph Aloysius Corbett (December 4 1875 – May 2 1945) was a Major League Baseball starting pitcher who played in the National League. He was born in San Francisco California.Corbett the younger brother of World Heavyweight Boxing Champion James J. Corbett played baseball at Saint Mary's College of California from 1890 to 1893 before breaking into the major leagues in 1895.
 Filip Čović (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Човић born June 5 1989) is a Serbian professional basketball player for FMP of the Serbian League.A product of FMP's youth system Filip spent 5 years playing for their senior side. Filip is a son of Nebojša Čović the current president of Red Star Belgrade.In January 2013 he signed with Vojvodina Srbijagas until the end of season. In August 2013 Čović signed with KAOD BC in Greek Basket League. He left the club in December for personal reasons.
 Sebastian Bönig (born 26 August 1981 in Erding) is a German footballer.His brother Philipp Bönig is also a professional footballer.
 Luis Armando Avilán (born July 19 1989) is a Venezuelan professional baseball pitcher with the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball.
 George Washington Crosby (1857–1913) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for Chicago White Stockings in the 1884 season.
 Jack Treetop Straus (June 16 1930 - August 1988) was an American professional poker player. He is best known for winning the 1982 World Series of Poker Main Event.He is also known for winning that event after being down to one chip earlier in the tournament which gave meaning to the well known poker phrase a chip and a chair. In addition Straus is known for successfully pulling off one of the best bluffs in the history of poker.
 Dwayne Sweeney (born 8 August 1984) is a New Zealand rugby union player who played for the Waikato Chiefs in the Super Rugby competition and Waikato in the Air New Zealand Cup. He is able to play at fullback in the midfield and is also an accurate goal kicker.
 Niall O'Meara (born 16 December 1992) is an Irish hurler who plays for the Tipperary senior team and also for his local club Kilruane MacDonagh's. O'Meara was first called into the Tipperary Senior hurling panel in 2014.O'Meara played minor hurling for Tipperary in 2010 and under-21 hurling in 2012 and 2013 where he was also captain.
 George Fredrick Wrighster III (born April 1 1981) is an American football tight end. He was drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars in the fourth round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He played college football at Oregon.Wrighster has also been a member of the New York Giants.
 Henry 'Harry' Thomas Phillips (22 June 1903 – 16 December 1978) was a Welsh international rugby union lock who played club rugby for Cross Keys and Newport and international rugby for Wales. Phillips was a collier by profession before becoming a police officer and was the nephew of former international Wales player Harry Day.
 Ričardas Berankis (IPA: [ˈrʲɪt͡ʃɐrd̪ɐs̪ bʲɛˈrɐŋʲˑkʲɪs̪]; born June 21 1990) is a Lithuanian professional tennis player and a prominent member of the Lithuania Davis Cup team. He is the first and only Lithuanian to enter the ATP top 100 (on November 29 2010) making him the highest ranked Lithuanian tennis player of all time. Berankis has reached one final on the ATP World tour at the Los Angeles Open in 2012.
 Krisztina Szremkó (born 6 January 1972 in Dunaújváros) is a female water polo player from Hungary who competed for her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens Greece. She played professional water polo for Dunaújváros Eger BVSC Szentes and Mediterrane. Szremkó's biggest success was winning the world title with the Hungary women's national team in 1994.
 Dushan Ruzic (born 5 January 1982) is an Australian professional baseball pitcher.Ruzic played for the Gulf Coast Marlins in 2005. He played for the Sarasota Reds and Chattanooga Lookouts in 2007. He played in the Honkbal Hoofdklasse for the DOOR Neptunus from 2008 through 2010. He also played for the Adelaide Bite of the Australian Baseball League in 2010 and 2011.
 Aliir Aliir (born 5 September 1994) is a professional Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 Mike Enneking is a retired American soccer player who played professionally in the Western Soccer Alliance and Major Indoor Soccer League. He is the Vice President of Crossfire Premier Soccer Club.Enneking graduated from Bellarmine Preparatory School in 1980. He set the Washington State prep single season scoring record with 39 goals and was inducted into the school's Athletic Hall of Fame in 2001.
 Harry Ian Moore (28 February 1941 – 16 February 2010) was an English cricketer. Moore was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born at Sleaford Lincolnshire.He played as a top and middle-order batsman for Nottinghamshire in first-class cricket from 1962 to 1969 and one match for Minor Counties in 1973. He amassed 6765 runs in his first-class career at an average of 25.05. He passed 1000 runs in a season three times and hit seven centuries and 31 fifties.
 Jack William Radtke (April 14 1913 in Denver Colorado – October 24 2006 in Twin Falls Idaho) is a former Major League Baseball player who was an infielder for the 1936 Brooklyn Dodgers.
 Jason Patrick Bulger (born December 6 1978) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. Bulger played college baseball at Valdosta State University.
 Noël Sidney Dudley Estcourt (born 7 January 1929) is a former Rhodesian sportsman who played international rugby union for England and first-class cricket. Estcourt was born in Southern Rhodesia but educated in South Africa. When he moved to England it was to further his studies at Cambridge University.He played two first-class seasons with the Cambridge University Cricket Club in 1953 and 1954.
 John Burns (born 4 December 1977 in Dublin) is an Irish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League for Nottingham Forest Bristol City Carlisle United and Burton Albion. Burns later played non-league football for Hucknall Town Ilkeston Town before ending his career with Hinckley United.
 Bruce Walker (born 27 August 1946) is an English former professional footballer who played as a left winger.
 Gabriela Perianu (born 20 June 1994) is a Romanian handballer who plays for HC Dunărea Brăila and the Romanian national team.
 Jean-Paul Defrang (born 22 June 1956) is a Luxembourg players. Now retired from playing
 José Luíz Barbosa known as Zequinha Barbosa (born May 27 1961 in Três Lagoas Mato Grosso do Sul) is a former Brazilian 800m runner who won the silver medal at the 1991 World Championships in Tokyo. A few weeks before Barbosa had won the 800m race at the prestigious Letzigrund meeting in Zurich. He travelled to Tokyo as the favourite but lost to Billy Konchellah from Kenya who overtook him on the home straight.
 Ariel Esteban Broggi (born on 15 January 1983) is an Argentine football defender. He currently plays for Banfield in the Primera B Nacional.
 Alfred Porterfield (born 1869 deceased) was a professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He started his career in Scotland with King's Park before moving to Burnley in 1894 where he played two matches in the Football League.
 Ramon The Diamond Dekkers (4 September 1969 – 27 February 2013) was a Dutch kickboxer and an eight time Muay Thai world champion. Dekkers had a tendency to go head-to-head with his opponents which made him a favourite with fight fans.
 Dafne Schippers (born 15 June 1992 in Utrecht) is a Dutch athlete competing in heptathlon and the sprints. She started track and field at the age of nine and immediately it was clear that she was very talented. In the Netherlands athletics for children means doing multi events and Dafne liked it so much (except for the longer distances) that she later chose the heptathlon as her primary discipline.
 Demetrio Neyra (1906 - 27 September 1957) was a Peruvian football forward who played for Peru in the 1930 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Alianza Lima.
 Edmund Hurst (full name and dates of birth and death unknown) was an English cricketer. Hurst's batting style is unknown.Hurst made a single appearance in first-class cricket for Oxford University against the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) at Lord's in 1843. In a match which the MCC won by 45 runs Hurst opened the batting in Oxford University's first-innings scoring 3 runs before he was dismissed by Jemmy Dean.
 Jonathan Mensah (Akan: /mɛnˈsæh/ men-SAH) (born 13 July 1990) commonly known simply as Jonathan is a Ghanaian professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Ligue 1 club Evian in France and the Ghana national team.To avoid confusion with the similarly named but unrelated John Mensah he is typically known as and plays with the name Jonathan on his shirt.
 Jamal Ameen (Arabic: جمال امين‎) is a Kuwaiti fencer. He competed in the individual and team foil events at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
 Craig Keystone Monroe (born February 27 1977) is a retired Major League Baseball (MLB) outfielder who most recently played for the Pittsburgh Pirates. He also spent time with the Texas Rangers Detroit Tigers Chicago Cubs and Minnesota Twins. He is currently a studio analyst for Detroit Tigers TV broadcasts on Fox Sports Detroit.
 Kasey Brown (born 1 August 1985) is a professional squash player from Australia.Brown was born in Taree New South Wales. She was the Australian junior champion in 2003 and 2004 and was then the senior champion in 2006 and in the same year had also won the Australian Open title.Brown is coached by Rodney Martin and is currently based in Greenwich Connecticut.
 Pedro Michel López (born April 28 1984 in Moca Dominican Republic) is a former Major League Baseball shortstop.
 Raymond E. Wehba (16 August 1916 – 2 June 2003) was a player in the National Football League. He first played with the Brooklyn Dodgers during the 1943 NFL season before playing with the Green Bay Packers during the 1944 NFL season.
 Bruce Albert Wells (7 July 1933 - 14 November 2009) was an English amateur boxer holder of the ABA Light Middleweight and European Amateur Boxing Championship titles. The magazine Boxing News described him as an ex-amateur star.His career win count is 385 - 3.[citation needed]
 Cameron Chastain (born May 16 1986 in Millersville Maryland) is an American soccer player who last played for Real Maryland Monarchs in the USL Second Division.
 Zach Lee (born September 13 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Los Angeles Dodgers organization. The Dodgers drafted him in the 1st round (28th) of the 2010 MLB June Amateur Draft and signed him for a reported $5.25 million.
 Wynne Arboleda (born November 26 1976) is a Filipino basketball player who currently plays for the Air21 Express in the Philippine Basketball Association. He is famous by his moniker The Snatcher in reference to his steals during games.
 Jerry Poorters (born 9 October 1978 in Gent) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays for K Rupel Boom FC.
 Hiroaki Izumikawa (泉川 寛晃 Izumikawa Hiroaki) (born 20 December 1957) is a Japanese modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
 John G. Nix (born November 24 1976) is a former American football defensive lineman. He played for the New York Dragons of the Arena Football League (AFL) in 2007 and 2008. He played college football at Southern Mississippi.In his career he has played for the Dallas Cowboys San Francisco 49ers Cleveland Browns and Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL).
 John Annear (born 17 June 1961) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood Richmond and West Coast in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s.Annear began his career in Western Australia with Claremont and played 62 West Australian Football League games over three years before being recruited by Collingwood. He was used as a midfielder and played his best football at Richmond where in 1984 he finished second in their 'Best and fairest'.
 Alexandre (Alex) Fàbregas i Carné (born October 25 1980 in Barcelona Spain) is a field hockey player who finished in fourth position with the Men's National Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens Greece. He was also part of the Spanish team that won the silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
 Robert Emmett Honan (born 1944 in Brisbane Queensland) is an Australian former rugby league and rugby union player - a dual code rugby international.He represented the Wallabies in two Tests on the 1964 tour of New Zealand and played in the centres. His brother Barry was also a Wallaby representative.After switching codes he was selected to the Australia national rugby league team on the 1969 tour of New Zealand playing two Tests as a half-back.
 Jose Miguel (Torres) Fornieles (January 18 1932 – February 11 1998) was a Major League Baseball pitcher from La Habana Cuba. The right-hander pitched a one hitter in his major league debut on September 2 1952.
 Jacques Esclassan (born September 3 1948) is a French former road bicycle racer who won the green jersey in the 1977 Tour de France. He also won five stages in Tour de France and a stage in Vuelta a España.
 Shayne McCosh (born January 27 1974 in Oshawa Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. Between 1994 and 2005 he has played in the American Hockey League (AHL) and the ECHL in North America as well as the British Ice Hockey Superleague (ISL) the Italian Serie A the German Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL) and the Austrian Nationalliga (Austria-2).
 James John Langer (born May 16 1948) is a former American football center who played for the National Football League's Miami Dolphins and Minnesota Vikings. He is considered one of the greatest NFL centers of all time and a hard working and quick blocker. Langer was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1987.Langer played middle linebacker at South Dakota State University where in 1969 he was Honorable Mention All-America.
 Viktor Anatolyevich Karpukhin (Russian: Виктор Анатольевич Карпухин; born February 27 1989) is a Russian professional football player. Currently he plays for FC Oktan Perm.
 Sorin Dorel Colceag (born 11 March 1972 in Buzău) is a former Romanian football goalkeeper.During his career Colceag played with Unirea Focșani FC Dinamo Bucureşti FC Universitatea Craiova FC Naţional Bucureşti AFC Rocar București Croatian NK Zagreb Politehnica Iaşi Belgian K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen Mexican Tigres Ciudad de Juarez FC Argeş Piteşti Czech FC Viktoria Plzeň Greek clubs Panionios B.C. and Panserraikos F.C.
 Jean Patou (born 28 December 1878 date of death unknown) was a Belgian cyclist. He competed at the 1908 and 1912 Summer Olympics.
 Khari Stephenson (/ˈkæri/; born 18 January 1981) is a Jamaican footballer who currently plays for San Jose Earthquakes in Major League Soccer.
 Rodney Ernest Reid (born 30 July 1939) is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level and played first class cricket for Wellington Firebirds.Born in Apia in Western Samoa Reid played 13 matches for Wellington from 1958/59 to 1960/61 taking 39 wickets at 26.48 with a best of 6 for 57 with his right arm medium pace and scoring 205 runs at 12.81.Reid played two official A-international matches for the New Zealand national football team in 1958 the first a 2-3 loss against trans-Tasman neighbours Australia on 16 August 1958 the second a 5-1 win over New Caledonia on 7 September that same year.
 Richard Rink Aldrich Babka (born September 23 1936) is a retired American discus thrower. A former world record holder Babka also won a silver medal in the discus event at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.He starred in football basketball baseball in addition to track and field at Palo Alto High School before graduating in 1954. He subsequently attended nearby Menlo College and the University of Southern California (USC).
 Stanislovas Stasys Stonkus (29 December 1931 – 19 February 2012) was a Soviet and Lithuanian basketball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics. He was born in Telšiai. In 1954 he graduated from the Lithuanian National Physical Education Institute. He trained at VSS Žalgiris in Kaunas.He was a member of the Soviet team which won the silver medal. He played one match.
 Timur Viktorovich Bitokov (Russian: Тимур Викторович Битоков; born March 13 1984 in Nalchik) is a Russian professional footballer. In 2010 he played for FC Druzhba Maykop. He made his professional debut in the Russian First Division in 2004 for PFC Spartak Nalchik.
 Elmer Lacknet Bedia is a retired Australian-Filipino footballer who played for the Philippine Air Force FC Brisbane Olympic United F.C. and the Philippines national team. Bedia was notable for being the first Filipino to play in Division I of Germany's professional league as well as in Australia. Bedia was named the Philippines' Mr. Football and was hailed as one of the top ten players in Australia in 1986. Bedia received the Achievement Award in 2011
 Thomas Edge (born 6 April 1970) is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.Edge made his full All Whites debut as a substitute in a 0-1 loss to Australia on 12 May 1991 and ended his international playing career with seven A-international caps to his credit his final cap an appearance in a 0-3 loss to Australia on 15 November 1995.
 Renaldo Antonio Turnbull (born January 5 1966) is a former professional American football player who played for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League Was the Saints 1st round (14th overall) in the 1990 NFL Draft. Turnbull a 6'5 252 lb (114 kg). linebacker-defensive end from West Virginia University played 8 seasons in the NFL from 1990-1997 for the Saints and Carolina Panthers. In his NFL career Turnbull played in 120 games with 45.5 sacks and one interception.
 Matthew Olson Guerrier (born August 2 1978) is an American Major League Baseball relief pitcher who is currently in the Minnesota Twins organization. He attended college at Kent State University and made his major league debut on June 17 2004. He has played for the Twins Los Angeles Dodgers and Chicago Cubs.
 Donald Beauman (26 July 1928 in Farnborough Hampshire – 9 July 1955 in Rathnew Ireland) was a British Formula One driver who took part in one World Championship Grand Prix. Beauman ran a Cooper 500 for two years in Formula Three before switching to sports car racing and took on Formula One in 1954 with a Connaught A-Type sponsored by wealthy privateer Sir Jeremy Boles. He finished eleventh in the British Grand Prix at Silverstone.
 Michael Edward Baumgartner (born January 30 1949 in Roseau Minnesota) is a retired ice hockey defenseman.
 Alan Joseph Gordon Haworth (born September 1 1960 in Drummondville Quebec) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player. He is the son of Gordie Haworth and the brother of Carey Haworth.Selected in the 1979 NHL Entry Draft by the Buffalo Sabres Haworth was traded to the Washington Capitals in 1982. After five seasons in Washington he was dealt to the Quebec Nordiques in 1987 in the trade that brought Dale Hunter to the Capitals.
 Ahmed Nashid (born 4 April 1989) is a Maldivian footballer nicknamed Naattey who is currently playing for VB Addu FC.
 Reginald Williams Jr. (born May 17 1983) is a Canadian football wide receiver who is currently a free agent. He was most recently a member with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League (CFL). Williams played college football for the University of Washington and earned All-American honors. He was drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars in the first round of the 2004 NFL Draft and played five seasons for the Jaguars.
 Christopher Chris Turner (born 28 May 1958) is a British former motorcycle speedway rider.
 Hernán Darío Muñoz Giraldo (born January 5 1973 in Rionegro Antioquia) is a male road cyclist from Colombia who became a professional rider in 1996.
 Bruce Pernell Irvin Jr. (born November 1 1987) is an American football linebacker for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL). He was considered one of the best outside linebacker / defensive end prospects for the 2012 NFL Draft. He was drafted in the 1st round of the 2012 NFL Draft 15th overall by Seattle Seahawks.
 Lamin Conateh (born 1 October 1981 in Bakau is a Gambian footballer who last played for Arameiska-Syrianska Botkyrka IF.
 Marek Krawczyk (born March 23 1976 in Gdańsk Pomorskie) is a retired breaststroke swimmer from Poland who competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics starting in 1996 (Atlanta Georgia). A member of AZS-AWF Gdańsk he is best known for winning the bronze medal at the 1997 European Swimming Championships in the men's 4×100 m medley relay alongside Mariusz Siembida Marcin Kaczmarek and Bartosz Kizierowski.
 Aleksandr Staliyevich Portnov (Александр Сталиевич Портнов; born September 17 1961) is a former Soviet diver and Olympic champion. He competed at the 1980 Olympic Games in Moscow where he received a gold medal in springboard.
 Vladimír Bouzek (December 3 1920 in Třebíč Austria-Hungary – July 31 2006) was an ice hockey player who played in the Czechoslovak First Ice Hockey League. He won a silver medal at the 1948 Winter Olympics. He was inducted into the International Ice Hockey Federation Hall of Fame in 2007.
 Jean-Philippe Durand (born 11 November 1960 in Lyon France) is a former football player.In his playing career he played for Olympique Marseille and France at Euro 1992.
 Antonio Bucciarelli (born August 13 1970 in Naples) is a retired Italian professional football player.He played along with Maradona in Napoli team.
 Bill Terry (April 10 1942 – March 13 1999) was a Canadian professional wrestler known by his ring name Kurt Von Hess who competed in North American and international promotions during the 1970s and 1980s including International Wrestling Enterprise Maple Leaf Wrestling and Stampede Wrestling. A regular tag team partner of Karl Von Schotz the two were one of the most hated heels in the Detroit-area while competing in the National Wrestling Alliance during the early 1970s.
 Jérémy Gavanon (born 20 September 1983 in Marseille) is a French footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for AS Cannes.
 Tomer Swisa is an Israeli footballer currently playing for Hapoel Be'er Sheva.
 Albert Nightingale (10 November 1923 – 27 February 2006) was a professional footballer who played as a striker for Sheffield United Huddersfield Town Blackburn Rovers and Leeds United.He died in 2006 aged 82.
 Douglas Galvão Silva or simply Douglas (born May 21 1986 in Brasília) is a Brazilian striker. He currently plays for Clube Atlético Linense.Made professional debut for Goiás in a 1-3 defeat away to Flamengo in the Campeonato Brasileiro on August 26 2007. [1]
 Mitchell Banner (born 5 June 1990) was an Australian Rules Football player for the Port Adelaide Football Club.Banner was recruited to Port from the Western Jets with the 42nd selection in the 2008 AFL Draft. He also represented Victoria Metro at the 2008 AFL National Under 18 Championships.
 Chris Tiu (Chinese: 張念賢) (born Christopher John Alandy-Dy Tiu on July 15 1985 in San Juan City Philippines) is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters in the Philippine Basketball Association. He formerly played for the Smart Gilas team. He is also a TV host commercial model and politician.
 John T. Emmons (born August 17 1974) is an American former professional ice hockey center who played in the National Hockey League for the Ottawa Senators Tampa Bay Lightning and the Boston Bruins between 1999 and 2002. Emmons was born in San Jose California but grew up in New Canaan Connecticut.He also had a spell in Germany's Deutsche Eishockey Liga with Eisbären Berlin in 2002–2003.
 Mark Popek (born August 31 1990) is an American football offensive guard who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent in 2013. He played college football at USF.
 Frank Douglas Doug Prentice (1898 – 3 October 1962) was an English rugby union player and administrator.He played club rugby for Leicester. He won three caps for England and was the captain of the British Lions in their tour of New Zealand and Australia in 1930 and manager of the 1936 British Lions tour to Argentina.
 Jayden Schofield (born 14 May 1992) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League (AFL) for the Western Bulldogs. He was drafted from the East Fremantle Football Club in the West Australian Football League with the 74th selection in the 2010 AFL Draft.Originally from Geraldton where he played for the Railways Football Club in the Great Northern Football League Schofield moved to Perth in 2010 to play for East Fremantle in the Colts (Under 18s) team.
 MacDonald Taylor Sr. (born 27 August 1957) is a United States Virgin Islands former international soccer player.
 Manuel Cueto Melo (February 8 1892 – June 29 1942) was a Cuban Major League Baseball player. His professional career lasted from at least 1911 when he played for the Jacksonville Tarpons of the South Atlantic League until 1939 when he played professionally in the Canal Zone League in Panama. From 1912 to 1933 Cueto played 20 seasons in the Cuban League batting over .300 11 times.
 Tore Andreas Gundersen (born 4 February 1986) is a football player who currently plays for HamKam.Gundersen was born in Kongsvinger grew up in Flisa and is a son of politician and former swimmer Gunnar Gundersen. Gundersen began his career with Flisa IL before joining Kongsvinger IL in January 2003. After three years there he signed for Lillestrøm SK in January 2007. After a disappointing season he joined Lyngby Boldklub on a loan in August 2008.
 Svante Rasmuson (born 18 November 1955) is a Swedish modern pentathlete and fencer. He won a bronze medal in the modern pentathlon event with his team at the 1980 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
 John Maxwell Aiken (born 3 July 1970) is a former New Zealand cricketer who played for the Auckland Aces and Wellington Firebirds. Born in Sydney Australia he was predominantly a left-handed batsman who played 46 first class matches and 39 one-day matches in a career spanning 12 years from 1989 to 2001.
 Alvent Yulianto Chandra (born 11 July 1980 in Glenmore Banyuwangi East Java) is a male badminton player from Indonesia. He has been playing badminton since he was 10 years old in a club named Suryanaga Gudang Garam Surabaya.
 Dorian Edward West MBE (born October 5 1967 in Wrexham Wales) nicknamed Nobby is a former English international rugby union footballer.Born in Wrexham his family moved to England when he was young. Before professionalism he was a police officer with the Leicestershire Constabulary's armed response unit.He made his debut at Leicester Tigers and played for them as a flanker but a move to Nottingham in 1991 saw him convert to hooker. He rejected the offer of a trial for Wales.
 Ilya Dmitriyevich Vinogradov (Russian: Илья Дмитриевич Виноградов; born July 29 1995) is a Russian football midfielder who currently plays for FC Volga Tver.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Volga Tver on April 20 2013 in a game against FC Sever Murmansk.
 Kahawalage Gamini Perera (born May 22 1964 Colombo) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played one ODI in 1986.
 John Voss (born February 21 1946) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender.
 Rudi Edwin Bryson (born 25 July 1968 in Springs Transvaal) was a former South African cricketer who played seven One Day Internationals in 1997.
 Sasha The Basha Pitbull Lakovic (Serbian: Саша Лаковић / Saša Laković) (born September 7 1971) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played for 17 different professional teams during his career. Lakovic also played for four roller hockey teams in the mid-1990s.Lakovic has attempted to start a career in acting landing a small role as Russian ice hockey player Boris Mikhailov in the 2004 Walt Disney movie Miracle.
 Sean Estrada (born May 23 1985 in Orange California) is an American football guard and center who played for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League. He was originally signed by the 49ers as an undrafted free agent in 2007. He played college football at Pennsylvania. He attended Servite High School and graduated in 2003.While at the University of Pennsylvania Sean lettered in football for 3 years.
 Antonio Pitalúa (born February 21 1970 in Montería Colombia) is a Colombian-Mexican boxer. His record is 48 wins (42 KO's) and 4 losses. He captured the vacant interim WBC lightweight belt when he ko'd fellow Mexican José Armando Santa Cruz. Six months later he faced unbeaten knockout artist Edwin Valero he was down three times and the fight was stopped 49 seconds into the 2nd round. He bounced back against Puerto Rican Jose Reyes with a knockout in the 6th round.
 Abdelaziz Barrada (born 19 June 1989) sometimes known as just Abdel is a Moroccan professional footballer who plays for Al Jazira Club in the United Arab Emirates as a central midfielder.
 Maenoyama Tarō (born 9 March 1945 as Kazuichi Kaneshima) is a former sumo wrestler from Osaka Prefecture Japan. He began his career in 1961 reaching the top makuuchi division in 1966. His highest rank was ōzeki which he held from 1970 until 1972. He retired in 1974 and became head coach of the Takadagawa stable. He left the Sumo Association in 2010 upon turning 65.
 Louis Mesnier (1884–1921) was a French international footballer. He is primarily known for scoring the first international goal for France which he accomplished in the team's first-ever match against Belgium in 1904. Mesnier finished his international career with 14 appearances and six goals. He also captained the team on four occasions. Domestically Mesnier played for CA Paris and FC Paris. With Cercle Athlétique he won the Coupe de France in 1920.
 Jesús Soto Karass (born October 15 1982 in Los Mochis Sinaloa Mexico) is a Mexican boxer in the Welterweight division. He is the former WBC Continental Americas and the NABF Welterweight Champion. Jesús is the younger brother of boxer José Luis Soto Karass.
 John Lees was an English footballer who played for Derby County.
 Sebastian Stefaniszin (born July 22 1987 in Berlin) is a German ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for Sinupret Ice Tigers.
 Michael Joseph Kickham (born December 12 1988) is an American professional baseball player for the San Francisco Giants of Major League Baseball.
 Juan Larrea (born 17 April 1935) is an Argentine fencer. He competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
 Arthur Allers (October 6 1875 – June 28 1961) was a Norwegian sailor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.He was a crew member of the Norwegian boat Heira II which won the gold medal in the 12 metre class (1919 rating).
 Ralph McKittrick (August 17 1877 – May 4 1923) was an American golfer and tennis player who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.In 1904 McKittrick was part of the American team which won the silver medal in the team golf event. He finished eleventh in this competition. In the individual competition he finished first in the qualification but was eliminated in the second round of the match play.McKittrick also competed in the single tennis competition but was eliminated in the second round.
 Thomas Guerbert (born 6 April 1989 in Meaux) is a French footballer who plays for French club Sochaux in Ligue 1. He plays as an attacking midfielder for Sochaux.
 Csaba Preklet (born 25 January 1991 in Kapuvár) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Egri FC.
 Carlos Góngora Mercado (born April 25 1989 in Esmeraldas Ecuador) is an amateur boxer from Ecuador best known to win a bronze medal at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio in the men's middleweight division.
 Damiano Cunego (born 19 September 1981 in Cerro Veronese Veneto) is an Italian professional road racing cyclist who rides for the Italian UCI ProTeam Lampre-Merida. His biggest wins are the 2004 Giro d'Italia the 2008 Amstel Gold Race and the Giro di Lombardia in 2004 2007 2008. He finished second in the UCI Road World Championships in 2008 and in the 2008 UCI ProTour.
 Vincenzo Guerini (born 14 May 1950) is an Italian former sprinter that won five medals with the national relay team at the International athletics competitions.
 James Bluford Price (born September 17 1940) is a former professional American football linebacker in the American Football League. He was selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the 3rd round (34th overall) of the 1963 NFL Draft. He played for the New York Jets and the Denver Broncos.
 Edward James Burns (October 31 1887 – June 1 1942) was a professional baseball player. He played all or part of seven seasons in Major League Baseball from 1912 until 1918 for the St. Louis Cardinals and Philadelphia Phillies primarily as a catcher.
 Mike Stutzel (born February 28 1979 in Victoria British Columbia) is a Canadian ice hockey player currently playing for the Edinburgh Capitals in the Elite Ice Hockey League. He played 9 games for the Phoenix Coyotes in 2003–04. He also played 13 games in Finland's SM-liiga for Tappara. Before turning pro he played hockey at Northern Michigan University in Marquette Michigan from 1999 - 2003 where he scored 27 regular season goals his senior year.
 Kamil Cupriak is a Polish footballer who plays as a centre forward for Górnik Zabrze.
 Joe Filippi (born 3 November 1953 in Ayrshire) is a retired Scottish football defender.Filippi began his career with hometown club Ayr United staying with the Honest Men for 8 years. He had a yearlong spell at Celtic before joining Glasgow neighbours Clyde. He dropped out of the senior game in 1981.
 Marián Šuchančok (born 13 July 1971) is a retired Slovak international footballer who played as a defender for clubs in Slovakia Greece and Austria.
 Thomas Arthur Slater (25 February 1908 – 1976) was an English footballer.
 Elton Sam Langford (May 21 1900 – July 31 1993) was a Major League Baseball center fielder who played three seasons of professional baseball for the Boston Red Sox and the Cleveland Indians.
 Max Settlage (born July 1 1992) is an American pair skater. With partner Madeline Aaron he is the 2014 U.S. national junior champion and placed fifth at the 2014 World Junior Championships.Settlage began skating at age ten. He and Aaron were paired together in May 2010 by their coach Dalilah Sappenfield. The pair both clockwise jumpers moved from Arizona to Colorado for training.Settlage was adopted from Vietnam and raised in Flagstaff Arizona.
 Peter Lübeke (born 26 November 1952 in Perleberg) is a retired German footballer who played for Hamburg Saarbrücken Bayer Uerdingen Hércules CF Ajax and Eintracht Braunschweig.
 Aleksei Anatolyevich Grudakov (Russian: Алексей Анатольевич Грудаков; born October 10 1978) is a Russian football defender who last played for FC Podolye Podolsky district.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Podolye Podolsky district on April 17 2012 in a game against FC Metallurg Lipetsk.
 Donald Charles MacTavish (August 22 1942 – February 22 1969) started his racing career at the age of 15 racing in nearby Norwood Massachusetts at the Norwood Arena. He quickly earned popularity for driving demolition derby cars and appeared on ABC's Wide World of Sports. He competed in more than 100 Sportsman Car Series races on the East Coast.
 Branka Pupovac (born 3 March 1972) is a Paralympic wheelchair tennis competitor from Australia.
 Aleksandar Saša Pejanović (died May 30 2011 Podgorica) was a Montenegrin Serb boxer that represented Serbia & Montenegro internationally. He was since 2006 a policeman and was a known supporter of Serbian–Montenegrin unionism being arrested during the riot after Montenegro's recognition of Kosovo independence in 2008. He was brutally beaten while incarcerated leading to a trial against the alleged perpetrators within the police force this gained wide media attention.
 Richard James Gulliver (born 20 November 1942) is a former English cricketer. Gulliver was a left-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born at Bowerchalke Wiltshire.Gulliver made his Minor Counties Championship debut for Wiltshire in 1966 against Berkshire. From 1966 to 1983 he represented the county in 98 Minor Counties Championship matches the last of which came against Devon. He also represented Wiltshire in the MCCA Knockout Trophy.
 Tyan Little Girl Taylor (born 23 March 1990) is an Australian goalball winger and is classified as a B3 competitor. In 2009 after only a month playing the sport Taylor was named to the New South Wales team. She made the national team in 2011 and has played in the 2010 World Championships 2011 IBSA Goalball World Cup and 2011 IBSA Africa Oceania Goalball Regional Champions. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in goalball.
 Steve Paul-Ambrose (born 1983) is a poker player from Ontario Canada who won the 2006 PokerStars Caribbean Poker Adventure (PCA)earning $1388600. At the time a World Poker Tour event he won his PCA entry through an online $102 satellite tournament on PokerStars and is now a member of Team PokerStars.Paul-Ambrose is a 2007 graduate from the University of Waterloo in Waterloo Ontario Canada where he studied business and science.
 Sydney Albert 'Syd' Middleton DSO OBE (24 February 1884 – 2 September 1945) was an Australian Army officer and national representative rugby union player and rower. He won a gold medal in rugby at the 1908 Summer Olympics and competed in rowing at the 1912 Summer Olympics. He had a distinguished career in World War I being awarded the DSO and later an OBE. He captained the Wallabies in a Test series in 1910.
 Mohammad Samad Nikkhah Bahrami (Persian: محمد صمد نیکخواه بهرامی ‎ born May 11 1983 in Tehran Iran) is an Iranian professional basketball player. He currently plays for Fujian SBS Sturgeons in Chinese Basketball Association as well as with the Iranian national basketball team as a forward.
 Laya Francis (b. 22 March 1963 in Bombay Maharashtra) is a former Test and One Day International cricketer who represented India. She is a right-hand batsman and bowls right-arm medium fast. She has played four Tests and 11 ODIs for India.
 Matthew Silcocks (born 5 May 1993) is an Australian athletics competitor. He was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in athletics. He finished sixth in the 1500m in a time of 3:59.79.
 Leonard Sowders (1861–1888) was a Major League Baseball player who played outfielder. He played for the Baltimore Orioles of the American Association during the 1886 season. His brothers Bill and John also played professional baseball.
 Aaron Hopkins (born 12 September 1979 in Busselton Western Australia) is a field hockey defender from Australia. He narrowly missed selection in Australia's Olympic Games squads in both 2004 and 2008. He did however win two gold medals for Australia at the 2002 and 2006 Commonwealth Games.
 Claude Dielna (born 14 December 1987 in Clichy-la-Garenne France) is a French footballer currently playing for Ajaccio in the Ligue 1 on loan from Olympiacos as a defender.
 Byrd Birdie Lynn (March 13 1889 – February 5 1940) was a Major League Baseball catcher from 1916-1920. During that time he played for the Chicago White Sox and was the back-up to Hall of Fame catcher Ray Schalk.In 116 games Lynn had 211 career at-bats with 50 hits for a .237 batting average. He won American League pennants with the White Sox in 1917 and 1919.
 Nicholas Nickey Brennan (born 3 December 1953) is an Irish former hurler manager and Gaelic games administrator. He played as a right wing-back for the Kilkenny senior team. More recently he served as the 35th President of the Gaelic Athletic Association.Brennan joined the team during the 1974 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1983 championship.
 Paul Graham Frederick Mitchell OAM (born 24 October 1970 in England) is a Paralympic athletics competitor from Western Australia Australia. He won a gold medal with a personal best at the 2000 Sydney Games in the men's 1500m T20 event for which he received a Medal of the Order of Australia. In 2000 he received an Australian Sports Medal. In 2000 he was a carpenter.
 Erwin Extercatte (born 16 April 1981 in Delden Overijssel) is a Dutch darts player who competes for the Professional Darts Corporation.
 Steven Lee Connelly (1974) is a former American Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for the Oakland Athletics during the 1998 season.
 Sverre Hansen (23 June 1913 – 22 August 1974) was a Norwegian football player who competed in the Olympic games in 1936. He was born in Larvik. He was a member of the national team that won the bronze medal in Berlin. He earned 15 caps and scored 7 goals for the Norway national football team from 1933 to 1936.
 Stevland Dennis Angus (born 16 September 1980) is an English footballer.
 Gavin Derek Edwards (born 14 April 1979) is an English cricketer. Edwards is a right-handed batsman who plays primarily as a wicketkeeper. He was born at Penzance Cornwall.Edwards made his Minor Counties Championship debut for Cornwall in 1997 against Cheshire. From 1997 to 2009 he represented the county in 41 Minor Counties Championship matches the last of which came against Wales Minor Counties. Edwards also represents Cornwall in the MCCA Knockout Trophy.
 Kamaljeet Kumar (born 22 March 1988) is an Indian football player. He is currently playing for Mumbai in the I-League in India as a Defender.
 Maurice William Tate (30 May 1895 – 18 May 1956) was an English cricketer of the 1920s and 1930s and the leader of England's Test bowling attack for a long time during this period. He was also the first Sussex cricketer to take a wicket with his first ball in Test cricket.The son of Sussex off spinner Fred Tate and nicknamed Chubby Maurice began his career for Sussex as a hard-hitting batsman and spin bowler with one match in 1912.
 Yuriy Mykhaylovych Dmytrulin (Ukrainian: Юрiй Михайлович Дмитрулін; Russian: Юрий Михайлович Дмитрулин; born 10 February 1975 in Snihurivka) is a retired Ukrainian professional footballer (defender).
 LaKeisha Lawson (born June 3 1987) is an American sprinter. She competed in the 60 metres event at the 2014 IAAF World Indoor Championships.
 David Blanco Rodríguez (born March 3 1975 in Bern Switzerland) is a former Spanish cyclist from Santiago de Compostela who last rode with Efapel-Glassdrive.He began his professional career in 2000 with the Portuguese team Paredes Rota dos Moveis. His first success was in 2003 when he won a stage of the GP CTT Correios de Portugal racing with Porta da Ravessa-Tavira. Then he switched to the Comunidad Valenciana-Kelme team.
 Aleksandr Vladimirovich Mostovoi (Russian: Алекса́ндр Влади́мирович Мостово́й [ɐlʲɪˈksandr vlɐˈdʲimʲɪrəvʲɪt͡ɕ məstɐˈvoj]; born 22 August 1968) is a Russian retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.Known as El Zar from his lengthy spell at Spain's Celta de Vigo he was often referred to as a 'genius playmaker' during his time there in addition to a volatile temperament.
 Dilip Rasiklal Doshi About this sound pronunciation (born 22 December 1947 Rajkot Gujarat) is a former Indian cricketer who played in 33 Tests and 15 ODIs from 1979 to 1983.Doshi was one of only four Test bowlers that played in their first tests after the age of thirty yet went on to take more than 100 wickets the other three being Clarrie Grimmett Saeed Ajmal and Ryan Harris.
 Wally Prigg (1908–1980) was an Australian rugby league player. He was a lock forward for the Australian national rugby league team. He played 19 Tests for the Kangaroos between 1929–38 7 as captain and has since been named amongst the nation's finest footballers of the 20th century.
 Gerard Ger Mahon (born 1986) is an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-back for the Galway senior team.Mahon joined the team during the 2005 championship and was a regular member of the team for six seasons. An All-Ireland medalist in the minor and under-21 grades he enjoyed little success at senior level.At club level Mahon plays with the Kinvara club.
 Borja Blanco Gil (born 16 November 1984) commonly known as Borja is a Spanish futsal player who plays for Marca Futsal as an Ala.
 John Shuster (/ˈʃuːstər/; born November 3 1982) is an American curler and 2006 Olympic bronze medalist from Chisholm Minnesota.
 John Philip Bakkies Botha (born 22 September 1979 in Newcastle KwaZulu-Natal Province) is a South African rugby union player who plays lock for the Springboks. He was a member of the national team that won the 2007 Rugby World Cup in France in addition to winning two Tri Nations titles in the 2004 Tri Nations Series and the 2009 Tri Nations Series.
 Devon Makin (born 11 November 1990) is a Belizean professional footballer who currently plays for Police United and the Belize national football team as a midfielder.He is the older brother of fellow national team member Andres Makin Jr.
 Franco Da Dalt (born 10 September 1987) is an Argentine footballer.
 Matthew Stuart Matt Garnaut (born 7 November 1973) is a former Australian sportsman who played Australian rules football for the East Perth Football Club in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) and cricket for Western Australia.
 Greg Fleming (born 29 January 1975 in Newcastle New South Wales) is an Australian retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.Greg Fleming's position of choice was as a Fullback or in the Centres.He played for Perth Reds and Canterbury Bulldogs in the NRL. In the European Super League he played for London Broncos.
 Jorge Potro Carlos Alberto Domínguez (born 7 March 1959) is a former Argentinian football striker.Domínguez started his career in 1978 with Boca Juniors where he played in one game against Unión de Santa Fe. He then joined Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata where he played until his return to Boca Juniors in 1983.In 1984 he moved to France where he played for Nice Toulon Nîmes and Tours. In 1991 he returned to Argentina to play for Mandiyú.
 Joshua Rose (born 16 December 1981 in Rockhampton Queensland) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays for Central Coast Mariners.
 Matthew Turner (born 29 December 1981) is an English football striker and wide midfielder. He currently plays for Carlton Town.Born in Nottingham Turner started his career at Nottingham Forest as a trainee. He was later sold to West Bromwich Albion in 2000. At West Brom he was unable to break into the first team so he was initially loaned out to Danish club Herfølge in April 2002; he impressed during his time at the club and the move was made permanent.
 Frederick Speller (1864–1940) was an English professional footballer who played as a full back. He played for hometown club Great Marlow before signing for Small Heath. He made 93 appearances in the FA Cup Football Alliance and the Football League for the club in its early days. His career was ended prematurely when he broke his leg in a match against Darwen in 1892 the season when Small Heath won the inaugural Second Division championship.
 Yōsuke Kataoka (片岡 洋介 Kataoka Yōsuke born 26 May 1982 in Iruma District Saitama) is a Japanese football player who plays for Omiya Ardija.
 József Varga (born 9 October 1954) is a retired Hungarian international football player.
 Vineet Ashokkumar Saxena (born 3 December 1980 in Margao Goa India) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Rajasthan in domestic cricket. He is a right-hand batsman and off-break bowler. He is a regular member of Central Zone team in Duleep Trophy.
 Stefen David Wisniewski (born March 22 1989) is an American football offensive lineman for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League (NFL). Wisniewski was selected in the 2nd round 48th overall of the 2011 NFL Draft.
 Paul England (born 28 March 1929 in Melbourne) is an Australian former racing driver. He worked for the Repco company and raced his own 138 Holden-powered grey motor Ausca sports racing car that used a fiberglass body based on the A6GCS Maserati. The AUSCA also won the Tom Sulman Trophy at Amaroo Park in 1980 by new owner and driver Bruce Polain having restored the car with the assistance of Dave Mawer.
 Carlos Daniel Santucho Gradiol (born March 12 1985 in Nueva Helvecia) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for Centro Deportivo Olmedo in the Ecuadorian Serie A.
 James David Rodríguez Rubio (born 12 July 1991) or simply James is a Colombian footballer who plays for French club AS Monaco.He is considered to be one of the best young players in the world. His playmaking skills have led many to consider him to be the successor of Colombian legend icon Carlos Valderrama (who has declared him as such) thus being referred as 'El Nuevo Pibe' (the 'new kid' in reference to being the successor of Carlos who was nicknamed 'El Pibe').
 Angga Pratama (born December 5 1991) is an Indonesian badminton player. His current partner is Rian Agung Saputro in men's doubles.
 Harold Fitzgerald Hogue Sr. (born November 13 1967) is an American former professional wrestler. He is best known for his tenure with World Championship Wrestling where he wrestled under the ring names Ice Train and M.I. Smooth.
 William Arthur Billy Dinsdale (12 July 1903 – 21 February 1984) was a professional footballer who scored 94 goalsin 157 Football League appearances playing as a centre forward for Darlington Aston Villa Lincoln City and Bradford Park Avenue. He was Lincoln City's leading scorer for each of the four seasons he spent with the club.
 Kevin Rutkiewicz (born 10 May 1980) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for East Fife.
 Erik Daniel Pappas (born April 25 1966 in Chicago Illinois) is a former professional baseball player who played for the Chicago Cubs and St. Louis Cardinals and current hitting coach of the Peoria Chiefs. He appeared in 8 games for the Cubs during the 1991 season and appeared in a total of 97 games for the Cardinals during 1993 and 1994 seasons. During the 1993 season he had one home run and 28 RBIs.
 Georgi Andonov (Bulgarian: Георги Андонов; born 28 June 1983 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian football forward currently playing for Beroe Stara Zagora.
 Timothy Scott Jorgensen (born November 30 1972) is a former professional baseball player and high school baseball coach. As a college baseball player for the University of Wisconsin–Oshkosh Jorgensen set Division III all-time records for most home runs in a single season and for most career home runs. He played professional baseball until 1999 and was later inducted into the National College Baseball Hall of Fame.
 Hakan Köseoğlu (born December 12 1981 in İstanbul Turkey) is a Turkish professional basketball player. He currently playing for Torku Selçuk Üniversitesi. He plays the point guard position.
 Dewayne D. J. White Jr. (born August 31 1986) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Charlotte Bobcats of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Domingo Gómez-Acedo Villanueva (6 June 1898 – 1980) was a Spanish football forward who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.He was a member of the Spanish team which won the silver medal in the football tournament.
 Jack Graf (April 19 1919 - September 14 2009) is a former two-sport athlete at the Ohio State University. In football he was named Big Ten MVP in 1941 and in basketball he served as team captain in 1942.In 1938 Graf enrolled at Ohio State where his father Campbell Honus Graf had been a three-sport athlete and the 1914 football captain. After college Honus had been a graduate assistant on the 1915 team and played professional football with Peggy Parratt's Cleveland Indians football club.
 Hugh Philp (1786–1856) was one of the most celebrated golf club makers of his era.Born in Cameron Bridge in Fife he moved to nearby St Andrews to establish a carpentry joinery and housepainting business. In 1812 he started to repair and then make golf clubs as a sideline. This sideline became a great success and he subsequently opened a shop and workshop adjacent to the links.
 Sara Benz (born 25 August 1992 in Zürich Switzerland) is a Swiss ice hockey forward.
 Louis de Jager (born 30 March 1987) is a professional golfer from South Africa playing on the Sunshine Tour.De Jager was born in Duiwelskloof Northern Transvaal. He won the South African Amateur Championship in 2007 in both the stroke play and match play format. In 2007 de Jager also won the Gauteng North Etonic Open and the Boland Open. He turned professional in 2008.De Jager played his first full season on the Sunshine Tour in 2008. He played in 17 events and recorded five top-10 finishes.
 William Henry Moule (31 January 1858 in Brighton Victoria Australia – 24 August 1939 in St Kilda) was a lawyer a politician and a cricketer.Moule's cricket career was short and though he played a few times for Victoria most of his first-class appearances were on the 1880 tour of England with the Australian team under Billy Murdoch.
 Ben Ishola (born June 8 1980) is a German professional American and Canadian football defensive end who is currently a free agent. He most recently played for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League. He was signed by the Miami Dolphins as an undrafted free agent in 2006.
 Lukas Burkhart (born April 27 1991 in Luzern) is a professional squash player who represents Switzerland. He reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 167 in June 2013.
 Edward Eddie Moylan (born September 14 1923 in Trenton New Jersey) was an outstanding Irish American tennis player in the mid-20th century. Moylan was a member of the U.S. Davis Cup Team Davis Cup Coach and a Gold medal winner at the 1955 Pan American Games with Art Larsen.
 Timo Koskela is a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays in Switzerland for GCK Lions of the NLB. He also used to play for Tappara of the SM-liiga.
 Albertus Christiaan Hans van Swol (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈɦɑns fɑm ˈs.ˈʋʌl]; 22 August 1914 – 20 May 2010) was a Dutch tennis player. He was five-fold Dutch singles champion (1938 1940 1941 1948 and 1949). He reached the fourth round at Wimbledon on five different occasions (1946 1948-1951) but never made it to the quarter finals stage.
 Nahún Alberto Solís Peña (born 18 January 1989 in San Marcos Santa Bárbara Honduras) is a Honduran footballer currently playing as a central defender for Platense.
 Rafael Alves de Magalhães Aguiar (born January 18 1985) is an Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defender for the Fort Lauderdale Strikers in the North American Soccer League.
 Carlos Octavio Cuque López (born 24 November 1945) is a former long-distance runner from Guatemala. He competed in the marathon and 5000 m at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics and finished around the 40th position in the marathon in both Games.He won the marathon event at the 1973 Central American Games setting a new Games record at 2h23:52. He finished fifth in the marathon at the 1971 Pan American Games.Personal bests:5000 m – 14:40.5 (1971)Marathon – 2h19:20 (1980)↑
 Chen Jie (simplified Chinese: 陈杰; traditional Chinese: 陳杰; pinyin: Chén Jié) (born 15 October 1989 in Shenzhen) is a professional Chinese footballer who plays for Guizhou Renhe in the Chinese Super League.
 Luz del Rosario Saucedo Soto (born December 14 1983) is a Mexican football defender and member of the Mexico women's national football team. She was allocated to the Portland Thorns FC for the NWSL league but later removed by the Mexican Football Federation for unknown reasons.
 Curt Olsberg (born 23 May 1945) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder.
 John Jack Foley was a Welsh professional rugby league footballer of the 1900s and '10s playing at representative level for Wales and Welsh League XIII and at club level for Ebbw Vale as a Prop i.e. number 8 or 10 during the era of contested scrums.
 George Richard Bovell III (born 18 July 1983) is an Olympic bronze medalist swimmer and former world record holder from Trinidad and Tobago. He is a four-time Olympian and the Caribbean region's most successful swimmer. Bovell also recently won a Bonze Medal at the 2012 World Championships in Istanbul. He is currently ranked 2nd 4th and 8th in the FINA World Rankings for 2012 in the 100m IM 50m freestyle SCM and the 50m freestyle LCM respectively.
 Benjamin Oliver Kelly (born September 15 1978 in Cleveland Ohio) is a former American football cornerback of the National Football League Arena Football League and Canadian Football League. He was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the third round of the 2000 NFL Draft. He played college football at Colorado.Kelly was also a member of the New England Patriots Denver Broncos Los Angeles Avengers Calgary Stampeders and Grand Rapids Rampage.
 Scott Mark Doe (born 6 November 1988) is an English footballer who plays for Dagenham & Redbridge as a defender either in the centre or on the right. He started his career with Swindon Town as a youth player before joining Conference Premier club Weymouth. In February 2009 he left Weymouth due to financial problems at the club and registered with Kettering Town to allow him to join Dagenham & Redbridge on loan until the end of the 2008–09 season.
 Jeffrey Mark Toews (born November 4 1957) is a former NFL offensive tackle and guard who played seven seasons with the Miami Dolphins. He was selected by the Dolphins in the second round of the 1979 NFL Draft. He is the younger brother of former Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Loren Toews.
 José Pierre Vunguidica (born 3 January 1990 in Luanda) is an Angolan footballer who plays in Germany for SV Wehen Wiesbaden.In November 2010 he made his debut for the first-team of Bundesliga side Köln as a substitute in a 4–0 defeat against Borussia Mönchengladbach. In January 2011 he was loaned out to Kickers Offenbach. Vunguidica moved to 3. Fußball-Bundesliga club Wehen Wiesbaden on a free transfer in July 2012.
 Orpheus Michael Roye (born January 21 1973) is a former American football defensive end who played in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the sixth round of the 1996 NFL Draft. He played college football at Florida State.Roye also played for the Cleveland Browns.
 Alvoid Wilson Mays (born July 10 1966 in Palmetto Florida) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the Pittsburgh Steelers. He played college football at Valdosta State College and West Virginia University and was drafted in the eighth round of the 1989 NFL Draft
 George Morris Boone (March 1 1871 – September 24 1910) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He played in the majors for the Louisville Colonels of the American Association during the 1891 season.
 Ana Paula Rodrigues-Belo (née Rodrigues; born 18 October 1987 in São Luís) is a Brazilian female team handball playmaker who plays for the Austrian club Hypo Niederösterreich and the Brazilian national team.At the 2013 World Championship she celebrated winning the title and finishing ninth ranked on the score sheet with 39 goals.Globo announced on 17 February 2014 that from summer 2014 Ana Paula Rodrigues-Belo will move to Romanian Liga Naţională side CSM București.
 Donald Don Leeson (25 August 1935 – 15 February 2009) was an English football goalkeeper who spent his entire professional career at Barnsley where he played just over 100 first-team games.Leeson a native of Askern South Yorkshire signed a professional contract with Barnsley in 1954 and made his first-team debut for the Tykes during the 1956-57 season. He left Oakwell in 1961 to become a police officer in Grimsby.
 Dana Velďáková (born 3 June 1981 in Rožňava Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak athlete specialising in the triple jump. A very regular jumper qualifying for the final at almost every major competition her biggest senior successes are two bronze medals at the European Indoor Championships in 2009 and 2011 and the silver at the 2007 Summer Universiade.Her personal bests in the event are 14.51 metres outdoors achieved in May 2008 in Pavia and 14.40 metres indoors achieved in March 2009 in Turin.
 John Graves (born June 25 1987) is an American football defensive tackle with the Seattle Seahawks.
 Thomas Östlund (born September 9 1965) is a retired Swedish ice hockey goaltender.Östlund was selected to the 1994-95 Elitserien All-Star Team and was named the 1997-98 National League A Goaltender of the Year.
 Uni Jógvansson Arge (born 20 January 1971 in Tórshavn) is a Faroese journalist writer musician singer and a former international football striker. He is also a former handball player. He played 105 matches for the handball club Kyndil from Tórshavn and scored 693 goals for the club.
 Maurice Roy Hurst (born September 17 1967) is a former cornerback who played seven seasons for the New England Patriots in the National Football League.Son is Maurice Roy Hurst Jr. Xaverian Brothers Highschool Defensive tackle who will be a freshman at The University of Michigan in 2013.Son lives in Canton Massachusetts.
 Tomokazu Myojin (明神 智和 Myōjin Tomokazu born 24 January 1978 in Kobe) is a Japanese football midfielder.He was capped 26 times and scored 3 goals for the Japanese national team between 2000 and 2002. He played three games at the 2002 FIFA World Cup. He was also a part of the Japanese 2000 Summer Olympics squad.
 Frankie Billy Randall (born September 25 1961 in Birmingham Alabama) is a three-time world champion boxer. Randall was the first to defeat Julio César Chávez in a professional match.
 John Andrew Stoneham (November 8 1908 – January 1 2004) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the Chicago White Sox in 1933.
 Shirley Muldowney (born June 19 1940 in Burlington Vermont ) also known professionally as Cha Cha and the First Lady of Drag Racing is an American pioneer in professional auto racing. She was the first woman to receive a license from the National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) to drive a Top Fuel dragster. She won the NHRA Top Fuel championship in 1977 1980 and 1982 becoming the first person to win two and three Top Fuel titles. She has won a total of 18 NHRA national events.
 Martin Vaculík (born 5 April 1990) is a Slovak motorcycle speedway rider who is riding for the Lotos Wybrzeże Gdańsk in the Polish Speedway Ekstraliga.Vaculík has a Polish citizenship also. On the 6 May 2008 he gained a Polish speedway licence (Licencja Ż) at Toruń. Since 4 June he has taken part in the Polish Championships as a Polish domestic rider (as Martin Vaculik).
 John Joseph Hank Miklos (November 27 1910 – March 29 2000) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played in 2 Major League games for the Chicago Cubs.
 Robert Alexander Bowman (born in Durham on 21 November 1975) is an English footballer who played professionally for Leeds United Rotherham United and Carlisle United.
 Emeka Jude Ugali (born 28 May 1982) is a Nigerian football striker who is currently a free agent.
 Tokumbo Tumbo Abanikanda (pronounced: A-banna-conda) (born December 25 1986 in Atlanta Georgia) is a professional American and Canadian football linebacker who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Edmonton Eskimos as a street free agent in 2009. He played college football for the Southern Miss Golden Eagles.
 James Paulus Outlaw (January 20 1913 – April 9 2006) was an outfielder and third baseman who played in Major League Baseball between the 1937 and 1949 season. He Listed at 6 ft 1 in (1.85 m) 180 lb. he batted and threw right-handed.
 Cameron Wurf (born 3 August 1983) is a professional Australian road cyclist who currently rides for the Cannondale team.Before becoming a professional road cyclist Wurf was an Olympic lightweight rower and represented Australia at the 2004 Olympics in the men's lightweight double scull.Wurf left the Champion System team at the end of the 2012 season – having joined the squad at the start of the season – and joined Cannondale for the 2013 season.
 Brett Meredith (born 20 January 1989) is an Australian rules footballer. He played for the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL) for five seasons.In 2009 Meredith made his debut for the Swans and looked to be quite a skilful and impressive young midfielder. Injuries brought his season to an early close however.
 Roy Hawksley (birth registered January→March 1942 (age 71–72)) birth registered in Wakefield district is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s and '70s playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity Doncaster and Halifax as a Hooker i.e. number 9 during the era of contested scrums.
 Kayne Pettifer (born 22 January 1982) was an Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League.Pettifer first attracted the talent scouts when he was awarded the Larke Medal for his outstanding performance during the Australian Vic Country's Under 18 team at the 2000 AFL Under-18 Championships. Later in the 2000 National AFL Draft Kayne Pettifer was selected by the Richmond Football Club at number 9 overall which was unexpected for such a short forward.
 Jason Jonathan Roy (born 21 July 1990) is an English cricketer who plays for Surrey. He is a right-handed upper order batsman and amongst Surrey's most promising young players.
 Mario Konzett (born 4 June 1962) is a Liechtenstein former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics.
 Paddy Burke (born 19 August 1898) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).Burke who had played for Hawthorn when they were in the Victorian Football Association made 15 appearances in the 1925 VFL season their first in the league. He was club captain for part of 1926.
 Matthias Plachta (born May 16 1991) is a German professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for Adler Mannheim in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
 Patrick J. Filley (c. 1923 - April 13 2000) was an American football guard coach and university administrator. He was a native of South Bend Indiana who played college football for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish. He was also a state champion wrestler at Central High School in South Bend. In his four years as a football player at Notre Dame the Irish lost only five games. Filley was twice selected capatin of the Notre Dame football team including the 1943 national championship team.
 Louis Agyemang (born April 4 1983 in Accra) is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for Ashanti Gold.
 Ian Cox (born 24 February 1967) is a former English cricketer. Cox was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born at Heathfield Sussex.Cox represented the Sussex Cricket Board in a single List A match against Hertfordshire in the 1999 NatWest Trophy. In his only List A match he scored 10 runs.
 Ippey Sinodzuka or Ippei Shinozuka (Russian: Иппэй Синодзука; born March 20 1995 in Tokyo Japan) is a Russian football player of Japanese descent who currently plays for FC Spartak-2 Moscow. His father is Japanese and his mother Russian he holds citizenship of both countries and he moved from Tokyo to Russia at the age of 16.He made his debut in the Russian Professional Football League for FC Spartak-2 Moscow on August 4 2013 in a game against FC Avangard Kursk.
 Harold Harry Crossthwaite (9 September 1890 – 1939) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stockport County and Stoke. His nephew Bert was also a footballer.
 Nasir El Kasmi (born 2 October 1982 in Wuppertal Germany) is a Moroccan football player who is currently a free agent. He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with Bayer 04 Leverkusen and MSV Duisburg (he only played in league games for Duisburg however playing in one DFB-Ligapokal game for Bayer). He also holds German citizenship.
 Duane Anthony Brown (born August 30 1985) is an American football offensive tackle for the Houston Texans of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the Virginia Tech Hokies. Brown was drafted in the first round (26th overall) by the Texans in the 2008 NFL Draft.
 Jean Maxence Berrou (born September 5 1985 in Quimper Finistère) is a French modern pentathlete. He is also a two-time champion at World Cup circuits two-time silver medalist at the European Junior Championships and is currently ranked no. 26 in the world by the Union Internationale de Pentathlon Moderne (UIPM).Berrou qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing where he competed in the men's modern pentathlon along with his teammate John Zakrzewski.
 Sezer Huysuz (born November 20 1977 in Ordu) is a Turkish judoka competing in the lightweight (73 kg) division. Currently he is a member of Istanbul Büyükşehir Belediyespor.
 Kevin James Parker (born 10 September 1979 in Plymouth) is an English former professional footballer who played as a left-winger.Parker began his career as a trainee with Norwich City but was kept out of the game for 18 months due to suffering from ME. He turned professional in June 1999 and played twenty times for the reserves the following season but was released by Norwich on 26 April 2000 without appearing in the first-team.
 Steven Hampshire (born 17 October 1979 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Scottish Third Division club Berwick Rangers.Hampshire began his career as a youth player at English club Chelsea. He made just one appearance for the club coming on as a substitute in a 1-1 draw (Chelsea won on penalties) with Blackburn Rovers in the League Cup in October 1997. He was released in 2000 and joined Dunfermline Athletic having previously had a loan spell at the Fife club.
 Detlef Schrempf (born January 21 1963) is a German-American retired professional basketball player. He played college basketball for the University of Washington Huskies from 1981–1985 and was drafted into the National Basketball Association (NBA) by the Dallas Mavericks in the first round of the 1985 NBA draft with the eighth overall pick. He played in the NBA for sixteen seasons including stints with the Indiana Pacers the Seattle SuperSonics and the Portland Trail Blazers.
 Aleksei Vladimirovich Romashin (Russian: Алексей Владимирович Ромашин; born May 3 1992) is a Russian professional football player who last played for FC Vityaz Podolsk.
 Joe Grim (born Saverio Giannone; March 16 1881 – January 1 1939) was an Italian American boxer of the early 20th century.Grim was born in Avellino Campania and he and his family emigrated to the United States when he was ten. As a boxer he engaged in over 150 professional bouts though some sources put the figure at 300 to 500.
 Anatoly Donika (born 20 June 1960) is a Russian former professional ice hockey defenceman who was a long-time member of the Sokil Kyiv in the Russian Superleague.
 Chad Boat (born January 30 1992 in Phoenix Arizona) is a American stock car racing driver. Son of Billy Boat he competes part-time in the NASCAR Nationwide Series for Billy Boat Motorsports driving the No. 84 Chevrolet.
 Erwin Claggett (born 1973) nicknamed the Venice Menace is an American former basketball player best known for his collegiate career at Saint Louis University between 1991–92 and 1994–95. Claggett a 6 ft 1 in (1.85 m) combo guard played for the Billikens for four seasons and scored 1910 points.
 Hiroki Mihara (born 20 April 1978) is a former Japanese football player.
 Will Davison (born 30 August 1982 in Melbourne) is an Australian racing driver. He currently competes with Erebus Motorsport in the Australian V8 Supercars championship.
 Nacerdine Drid known as Nasser (born 22 January 1957 in Tébessa) is a retired Algeria international football player.Drid spent most of his career playing for Algerian sides USM El-Harrach USM Bel-Abbès and MC Oran. He played in Morocco side Raja CA Casablanca between 1988 and 1989. He return in Algeria and finished career in MC Oran till 1990.
 Gustavo Vassallo (born 20 July 1920) is an Argentine fencer. He competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
 Charles William Charlie Moore (3 June 1898 – 9 March 1966) was an English footballer who played as a full back for Manchester United. Born in Cheslyn Hay Staffordshire he played for Hednesford Town before joining United in May 1919. After two seasons a recurring injury forced Moore to stop playing football but in September 1922 he returned to play for United for a further eight years making a total of 328 appearances for the club before retiring at the end of the 1929–1930 season.
 Steven Diaz (born May 11 1986 in Cambria Heights New York) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Ocala Stampede in the USL Premier Development League.
 Carlos Andrés Arano (born May 6 1980 in Avellaneda Buenos Aires Province) nicknamed Chiche is an Argentine footballer who plays for Huracán.
 Marco Canchila (Born January 6 1981 in Bogotá DC Colombia) is a Colombian footballer. He is a midfielder playing for his current team which is Atlético Huila.
 Wayne James Bennett AM (born 1 January 1950) is an Australian professional rugby league football coach and former player who is the current head coach for the Newcastle Knights of the NRL. An Australian international and Queensland interstate representative winger or fullback of the 1970s he also worked as a Queensland Police officer before becoming a Brisbane Rugby League premiership-winning coach and in the 1980s earned selection as Queensland's State of Origin coach.
 Craig Young (born 25 June 1956 in Wollongong New South Wales) is an Australian former representative rugby league footballer for the Australia national rugby league team the New South Wales Blues and a stalwart player over 11 seasons from 1977 to 1988 with the St. George Dragons in the NSWRL premiership competition. He played at prop-forward.
 Dal Collins (31 July 1907 – 7 January 2001) was a South African cricket umpire. He stood in ten Test matches between 1949 and 1962.
 Brian Johnson (born 21 October 1955) is a retired English footballer who played as a winger. He made 197 appearances in the Football League for Plymouth Argyle scoring 40 goals and a further seven while on loan at Torquay United.He began his career as an apprentice with Plymouth Argyle before making his first team debut in August 1973 at the age of 17.
 Travis John Chunks Friend (born 7 January 1981 in Kwekwe Midlands) is a former Zimbabwean Test and One Day International cricketer. Friend captained Zimbabwe in four under-19 ODIs and went on to play a full senior ODI for Zimbabwe aged 19. A stress fracture to his back set him back but he later returned to the Test squad. One of the 15 rebels of Zimbabwean cricket his international cricket career ended in 2004.
 Camillo Vescovo (born 1960) is an Italian ski mountaineer. He lives in the Valtellina region.
 Nadine Andrea George MBE (born 15 October 1968 Saint Lucia) is a West Indian cricketer who has played one Test match and 31 ODIs for the West Indian women's cricket team. She was the first West Indian woman cricketer to score a hundred in a Test match scoring 118 on Test debut against Pakistan in Karachi in the third innings of the only Test on tour - and as of 2005-11-15 the only Test she's ever played. George has also been awarded an MBE for her contributions to sport.
 Joseph Cupitt (25 September 1867 — 6 May 1932) was an English cricketer who played first class cricket for Derbyshire in 1905. Cupitt was born in Barrow Hill Derbyshire the son of Thomas Cupitt a coal miner and his wife Susannah. Cupitt himself became a miner. He played for Derbyshire in the 1892 season and in the 1893 season when the club was outside the championship. Twelve years later in the 1905 season he made his first-class debut against Essex in May.
 Sandra Helen Edge MBE (born 1962) is a former New Zealand netball player. She was noted as the best centre in the world.She captained the New Zealand under 21 team in 1982 aged 17. She debuted in the Silver Ferns in Melbourne in 1985 against Australia. For the next ten years she played in a record 94 internationals and three world championships; the team won the world title in 1987. She became New Zealand team captain in 1994 and retired in 1995.
 Alexey Tsatevich (born 5 July 1989) is a Russian professional road bicycle racer who currently rides for UCI ProTeam Team Katusha.Born in Verkhnyaya Pyshma in the then-Soviet Union Tsatevich has competed as a professional since the start of the 2012 season when he joined Team Katusha having previously competed for the squad's feeder team – Itera-Katusha – in 2011.
 Mark Morrison (born 14 June 1981 in Belfast) is a retired professional ice hockey forward. He spent his entire career playing for his hometown Belfast Giants.Morrison joined the Giants in 2003. Nicknamed The Mo Train Morrison began his career as a defensive minded forward but has since become a bit of an enforcer getting into scuffles and fights much to the delight of Giants fans.
 Lionel Bony de Castellane (28 September 1891 – 29 November 1965) was a French fencer. He won a silver medal in the team foil event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
 Fabrício Carlos Costa Bento (or simply Ceará or Fabrício Ceará born May 2 1978 in Limoeiro do Norte) is a Brazilian football striker who currently plays for Salgueiro.
 Lewis Oliver Haldane (born 13 March 1985) is a Welsh former under-21 international footballer who plays for Southern League side Yate Town. He scored 25 goals in 312 games in a ten year professional career.A winger he was a youth player at Southampton and Trowbridge Town before he turned professional at Bristol Rovers in 2002. Loaned out to non-league Weston-super-Mare he broke through into the Rovers first team in 2003–04.
 Kerry August Justin (born May 3 1955 in New Orleans Louisiana) was a cornerback for the Seattle Seahawks (1978–83 and 1986–87). He played college football at Oregon State University. He also played for the New Jersey Generals of the USFL in 1984 and 1985.In 8 seasons he had 7 interceptions returned for 31 yards and 3 blocked punts which remains a team record.
 Nicolás Navarro (born 17 September 1963) is a retired Mexican footballer.Navarro made over 400 appearances as goalkeeper for Necaxa remaining with the club during its rise to the top of the Mexican game in the mid-1990s. He made his debut during the 1983-1984 season emerging as starting goalkeeper after the departure of Adrián Chávez in 1985. During the next decade he served as Necaxa's number-one keeper including the championship seasons of 1994-95 and 1995-96.
 David Medina Díaz de López (born 25 July 1982 in Barcelona Catalonia) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CF Reus Deportiu as a defensive midfielder.
 Kyle Frank Clifford (born January 13 1991) is a Canadian ice hockey forward currently playing for the Los Angeles Kings in the National Hockey League. He was selected by the Los Angeles Kings in the 2nd round (35th overall) of the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
 Tatyana Ter-Mesrobyan (Russian: Татьяна Тер-Месропян; born 12 May 1968) is a Russian long jumper of Armenian descent. Her personal best is 7.06 metres achieved in May 2002 in St-Peterburg.
 Boris Vasiliyevich Stolyarov (Russian: Борис Васильевич Столяров; 5 August 1932 – 15 October 2009) was a Russian track and field athlete. He competed in the 110 m hurdles at the 1956 Summer Olympics and finished in sixth place. He won this event at the 1954 Summer Universiade and at the Soviet championships in 1956. He was selected for the 1960 Olympics but could not compete due to a leg injury and helped the Soviet athletics team as a masseur.
 Vladimir Radkevich (born 31 March 1976) is a Russian-Uzbekistani footballer who is currently playing for FK Neftchi Farg'ona.Radkevich previously played for FC Rotor Volgograd in Russian Premier League as well as FC Ural and FC SKA-Energia Khabarovsk in the Russian First Division.He is a member of the Uzbekistan national football team.
 Churandy Martina (born 3 July 1984 in Willemstad) is a Dutch sprinter from Curaçao currently representing the Netherlands. Previously he represented the Netherlands Antilles until its dissolution. His personal best time over 100 metres is 9.91 seconds a Dutch record achieved in a 2012 London Olympic Games semi-final. In addition he holds the 200 metres national record with a time of 19.85 seconds achieved at the IAAF Diamond League meeting in Lausanne Switzerland in 2012.
 Misagh Memarzadeh (Persian: میثاق معمارزاده‎; born 9 January 1983) is an Iranian footballer who is currently a Free agent.
 Joana Arranz Valiño is a Spanish football defender currently playing for Athletic Bilbao in Spain's Primera División.
 Frank McGrath (born 1887) was an Irish hurler and manager who played for the Tipperary senior team.McGrath made his first appearance for the team during the 1913 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen for just two seasons until he left the panel after the 1914 championship. During that time he won one Munster medal.
 Karl Miller (2 October 1913 – 18 April 1967) was a German international footballer.Hamburg-born Miller played 12 times for the German national football team between 1941 and 1942. With Dresdner SC he won the Tschammerpokal in 1940 and 1941.
 Leati Sika Anoa'i (born April 5 1945) is a former professional wrestler and a member of the Anoa'i family.
 Rachid Hamdani (Arabic: رشيد حمداني‎; born 8 April 1985) is a Moroccan footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Apollon Limassol. He also holds French citizenship.
 Miloš Vesić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Весић; born 23 July 1989) is a Serbian professional footballer whose position is goalkeeper. He currently plays for Serbian Superliga club Red Star Belgrade.
 Steve Molitor (born April 4 1980 in Sarnia Ontario) is a former Canadian professional boxer. He is the former International Boxing Federation (IBF) Junior featherweight champion. He has a record of 34–3 (with 12 wins by KO). Molitor announced his retirement in February 2013.
 John Jack William Dyson (6 September 1866 — 3 January 1909(1909-01-03) (aged 42)) was a rugby union footballer of the 1890s playing at representative level for England and at club level for Huddersfield as a Three-quarters i.e. Wing or Centre. Prior to Tuesday 27 August 1895 Huddersfield was a rugby union club.
 Paul Roma (born Paul Centopani April 29 1960) is an American professional wrestler who is known for his work in the World Wrestling Federation and World Championship Wrestling. He worked primarily as a tag team wrestler alongside partners including Jim Powers Hercules Arn Anderson and Paul Orndorff.
 Richard John Landon (born 22 March 1970) is an English former footballer who played as a forward. He made 83 appearances in the Football League for Plymouth Argyle Stockport County Rotherham United and Macclesfield Town.
 António José de Oliveira Meireles (born 9 April 1951 in Matosinhos) aka Tibi is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
 Raymond Todd Seabaugh (born March 1 1961 in Encino California) is a former American football linebacker who played professionally in the National Football League.Seabaugh was selected in the third round of the 1983 NFL Draft by the Pittsburgh Steelers out of San Diego State University. Seabaugh is best remembered for wearing Jack Ham's number 59.
 Brett French is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1980s. A Queensland State of Origin representative he played club football in Brisbane Sydney and the Gold Coast. He is also the brother of fellow Queensland Maroon Ian French.Brett French scored the match-winning try for Wynnum-Manly in the 1982 Brisbane Rugby League premiership's grand final victory over Souths.
 Jean-Baptiste Dortignacq (25 April 1884 Arudy Pyrénées-Atlantiques – 13 May 1928 Peyrehorade Landes) was a French road bicycle racer between 1900 and 1910. Dortignacq won seven stages in four Tour de France events. He only competed in stage 4 of the first Tour de France in 1903 finishing 11th on the stage.
 Robert Lee Bob Suffridge (March 17 1916 – March 3 1974) was an American football player in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles. He played college football at the University of Tennessee where he was later inducted into the school's hall of fame and the College Football Hall of Fame. Suffridge also served in the United States Navy during World War II.
 John Joseph Jack Concannon Jr. (February 25 1943 – November 28 2005) was an American football quarterback in the National Football League.
 Salamu Sultanovich Mezhidov (Russian: Саламу Султанович Межидов; born 10 February 1981 in Argun Chechnya) is a Russian judoka.
 Rumyancho Goranov Radev (Bulgarian: Румянчо Горанов Радев; 17 March 1950) is a former Bulgarian football goalkeeper.He played mostly for Lokomotiv Sofia. With Bulgarian national team he participated at 1974 FIFA World Cup. He gained 34 caps for Bulgaria.
 Federico Horacio Laens Martino (born January 14 1988 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a striker for El Tanque Sisley.
 Håvard Holmefjord Lorentzen (About this sound /2hoːʋar 2hol̻meˌfjuːr 1luːn̺t̺sen/  born 2 October 1992) is a Norwegian speed skater specialising in the 500 1000 and 1500 m distances. Lorentzen has a 9th place from the World Cup races in Heerenveen in December 2011 as his best international senior result and was awarded the gold medal for the 1000m for the 2012 World Junior Championships after the original winner Pavel Kulizhnikov was disqualified for a doping offence.
 Kevin Wilson Piedrahita Velasco (born June 18 1991) is an American soccer player of Colombian descent who currently plays for Itagüí in the Categoría Primera A.
 Matt Hodgson born (1981-06-25)25 June 1981 in NSW Australia. Hodgson is an Australian professional rugby union player for the Wallabies and Super Rugby team the Western Force. Hodgson was made Club Captain of the Western Force on 2 August 2012. Hodgson became the first Western Force player to play 100 caps for the club while in career best form.Hodgson began his rugby career with his local team the Avoca Sharks in the NSW Central Coast town of Avoca Beach.
 Merrill George Douglas (born March 15 1936 in Salt Lake City Utah) was an American football running back in the National Football League for the Chicago Bears the Dallas Cowboys and the Philadelphia Eagles. He played college football at the University of Utah.
 Louis Brian Piccolo (October 31 1943 – June 16 1970) was a professional football player a running back for the Chicago Bears for four years. He died from embryonal cell carcinoma an aggressive form of germ cell testicular cancer first diagnosed after it had spread to his chest cavity. He was the subject of the 1971 TV movie Brian's Song with a remake (of the same title) TV movie filmed in 2001. Piccolo was portrayed in the original film by James Caan and by Sean Maher in the 2001 remake.
 James Leon Wright (born March 3 1955 in St. Joseph Missouri) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball for the Kansas City Royals appeaaring in 17 games during the 1981 Kansas City Royals season and seven games during the 1982 Kansas City Royals season. He is the current Colorado Rockies bullpen coach a position he has held since 2009. He also served as the team's pitching coach in 2002.
 Oksana Aleksandrovna Chusovitina (Russian: Оксана Александровна Чусовитина; born 19 June 1975 in Bukhara Uzbek SSR USSR) is an Olympic medalist and World Champion gymnast who has competed for Germany since 2006. She was formerly a citizen of and a competitor for the Soviet Union (before 1993) and Uzbekistan (1993–2006).To date Chusovitina's career in elite gymnastics has spanned more than 20 years.
 Jahleel Addae (born January 24 1990) is an American football safety for the San Diego Chargers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Central Michigan. He was signed by the Chargers as an undrafted free agent in 2013.
 Marcel Alavoine (born 3 April 1898 date of death unknown) was a Belgian long-distance runner. He competed in the marathon at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
 Louis Oliver Louden (August 19 1919 – August 31 1989) was an American Negro league baseball player. He played for the New York Cubans Birmingham Black Barons and El Paso Texans between 1942 and 1957.
 Jason Pearcey (born 23 July 1971) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper from 1989 until 2006. He notably played in the Football League for Mansfield Town Grimsby Town and Brentford before ending his career in the Conference National with Forest Green Rovers.He came out of retirement the following year and continued to play at Non-league level for Southam United Leamington and Rugby Town.
 Christopher David Dean (born 17 January 1988 in Higher End Wigan Greater Manchester) is a rugby league player for Wakefield Trinity in the engage Super League. Dean's position of choice is as in the Centre but he can also operate as a Second-row or on the Wing. Chris signed for St. Helens aged 15 from the Orrell St James club in the Orrell district of Wigan. An exciting prospect for the future he has made 23 first team scoring 10 tries.
 Amanda Anne Crawford (born 16 February 1971) is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.Jacobson scored the only goal on her full Football Ferns debut in a 1–0 win over Chinese Taipei on 28 March 1989 and ended her international career with 41 caps and 11 goals to her credit.Crawford represented New Zealand at the Women's World Cup finals in China in 1991.
 Lilia Izquierdo Aguirre (born February 20 1967 in Havana Cuba) is a former female volleyball player from Cuba who won three gold medals in a row at the Summer Olympics: 1992 1996 and 2000.
 Andrew David Goodman (born 28 October 1982 in Nelson New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby union player who played for and captained the Tasman Makos in the ITM Cup. In July 2012 Goodman signed a one-year deal with current Heineken Cup champions Leinster.Goodman was educated at Nelson College from 1996 to 2000. In 1999 and 2000 he was a member of both the school's 1st XV rugby team and 1st XI cricket team.
 Edward Gastfield (August 1 1865 in Chicago Illinois – December 1 1899 in Chicago Illinois) is a professional baseball player who played catcher in the Major Leagues from 1884 to 1885. He played for the Chicago White Stockings and Detroit Wolverines.
 Veweziwa Kotjipati (born September 28 1992) is a Namibian Women football defender who plays as a right back for Tus Lipperode in Germany who on several occasions can also be utilised as a midfielder or striker.She is a player of JS Academy in Namibia a team that plays in the NFA Women Super League JS is the current Namibian Champions for the 2011/2012 season.
 Daniel Ellis (born June 19 1980) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League. He has previously played in the National Hockey League for the Dallas Stars Nashville Predators Tampa Bay Lightning Anaheim Ducks and the Carolina Hurricanes.
 Sabine Steinbach (later Sabine Klemm born 18 July 1952) is a German former swimmer. She competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in the 200 m and 400 m individual medley events and finished in fourth and third place respectively.
 Stéphane Fiset (born June 17 1970) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who played in the National Hockey League.
 Tristan Cartledge is an Australian Rules Football player who played for the Richmond Football Club and Essendon Football Club. He began his career at Essendon in 2002 after being drafted in the 2002 National Draft at selection 28.Cartledge only managed 7 games for Essendon before being delisted at the end of the 2006 season by longtime coach Kevin Sheedy.He was then given a lifeline by Richmond Coach Terry Wallace when he was selected in round three of the 2007 Rookie Draft at selection 33.
 Michael Christopher Cervenak (born August 17 1976 in Trenton Michigan) is a professional baseball third baseman. Until his call-up in 2008 to the Phillies Cervenak was a career minor leaguer and the embodiment of a journeyman player having spent time in three minor league organizations at several levels of play overseas in the Korean Baseball League and in an independent league.
 Darrell Griffin is an English professional rugby league footballer for Leeds of Super League.
 Daniel Bottom (2 October 1864 – 16 February 1937) was an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire between 1891 and 1901 and for Nottinghamshire in 1899. Bottom was born in Whitwell Derbyshire the son of John Bottom a stonemason and his wife Elizabeth. Bottom played his first game for Derbyshire in the 1891 season when the club was not accorded first class status and played four games in the 1893 season.
 Vladimir Pervushin (born March 25 1986) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Avangard Omsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
 Lyudmila Fedotova (23 April 1986) is a female skier from Kazakhstan. She competed in the alpine skiing events in the 2010 Winter Olympics. She also competed in the FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2009.Fedotova competed in the women's downhill super-G and giant slalom coming 36th and 38th in the first two but failing to finish in the giant slalom.ResultsFIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2009:Super-G–50Giant Slalom–DNF2010 Winter Olympics: Downhill–36Super-G–38
 Genovaitė Ramoškienė (née Šidagytė on 12 May 1945) is a retired Lithuanian rower. She won a bronze medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics in the double sculls event together with Leonora Kaminskaitė. Individually she won two gold one silver and three bronze medals in the single sculls at the European and world championships of 1967–1975.After graduating from the Lithuanian Sports University in 1966 Ramoškienė worked as a lecturer of physical education.
 Darren Brian Thrupp OAM (born 6 December 1966) is an Australian Paralympic athlete competing mainly in category T37 sprint events. He has won nine medals at six Paralympics.
 James L. Benepe III (born October 24 1963) is an American professional golfer who has played on the PGA Tour and the Nationwide Tour.
 Robert Keith (Bobby) Wilson (born in Hendon Middlesex County of London on 22 November 1935) is a former top-ranking English tennis player. Wilson reached the quarter-finals of Wimbledon four times Forest Hills twice and Roland Garros once during the late 1950s and early 1960s. He was also a prominent Great Britain Davis Cup team member.
 Gerhard Gustmann (August 13 1910 – March 30 1992) was a German rower who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.In 1936 he won the gold medal as member of the German boat in the coxed pairs competition.
 Jesús Clavería Domínguez (born 4 January 1968) is a Spanish former futsal player best known for his spell with Inter Movistar as a goalkeeper.
 Charles Henry Mills (26 November 1867 in Peckham England – 26 July 1948 in Southwark England) was a cricketer who played in one Test for South Africa in 1892.
 Kurt Pickard (born 14 March 1991) is a BMX racer who was born in Tauranga New Zealand. Pickard was selected for the New Zealand team in the 2012 London Olympics. Pickard attended Tauranga Boys' College.
 Ivelin Yanev (Bulgarian: Ивелин Янев; born 23 November 1981) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a defender for Neftochimic Burgas.
 Aleksi Kirjonen (born 29 May 1993) is a Paralympian athlete from Finland competing mainly in category F56 throwing events.
 Sayed Mosaad (Arabic: سيد مسعد‎) (born on 8 April 1987) is an Egyptian footballer who last played for Al-Qanah but was most famous for his spell at Zamalek in the Egyptian Premier League.His transfer to El Zamalek cost them €150000.He regularly represented the Egypt national under-20 football team.
 Han Na-Kyeong (also Han Na-Gyeong Korean: 한 나경; born June 23 1993 in Seoul) is a South Korean swimmer who specialized in long-distance freestyle events. Han is a member of the swimming team at Sehyeon High School in Seoul.Han qualified for the women's 800 m freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London by eclipsing a FINA B-standard entry time of 8:50.16 from the Dong-A Swimming Championships in Ulsan.
 Elwood George Woody English (March 2 1906 – September 26 1997) was an American shortstop who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for twelve seasons with the Chicago Cubs and the Brooklyn Dodgers. His uncle Paul Carpenter also played professional baseball.
 Ervin Alejandro Trejo Macias (born June 3 1990 in Mexico City is a Mexican professional footballer currently playing as an Attacking Midfielder for Toluca wearing Jersey #26. He made his debut July 26 2009 against CD Guadalajara. A game which resulted in a 4-3 For Toluca.
 Alberto Colombo (born 23 February 1946 in Varedo Lombardy) is a former racing driver from Italy. He unsuccessfully entered three Formula One Grands Prix in 1978 with ATS (two failures to qualify) and Merzario (one failure to pre-qualify). He won the 1974 Italian Formula Three Championship and also enjoyed some success in Formula Two.
 Juho Paukku (born July 19 1986 in Helsinki) is a professional Finnish tennis player. Paukku reached his highest individual ranking on the ATP Tour on January 17 2011 when he became World number 379. He primarily plays on the Futures circuit and the Challenger circuit.Paukku has been a member of the Finland Davis Cup team since 2004 posting a 2–8 record in singles and an 0–2 record in doubles in 8 ties.
 Johan Lopez Santos (born April 16 1989 in Rio San Juan) is a male volleyball player from the Dominican Republic who won the Bronze medal with the men's national team at the 2008 Men's Pan-American Volleyball Cup in Winnipeg Canada. He plays as a Middle-Blocker and Opposite.
 Armando Sadiku (born 27 May 1991 in Elbasan) is an Albanian footballer who plays as a striker for FC Zürich in the Swiss Super League. He is also a member of the Albania national football team.
 Michael Ludwig (born 19 December 1972) is an Austrian fencer. He competed in the foil events at the 1992 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics.Ludwig was awarded the Silver Medal for Services to the Republic of Austria in 1997.
 Grega Žemlja (born September 29 1986 in Jesenice) is a tennis player from Slovenia. He has won five singles titles and one doubles title on the ATP Challenger Tour. In 2012 he reached the 3rd round of the US Open the first Slovenian male player ever to reach that stage in the Grand Slam tournament. He is also the first Slovenian ATP player who in 2013 reached 3rd round of the Wimbledon.
 Édson Bastos Barreto or simply Édson Bastos (born 3 November 1979 in Foz do Iguaçu) is a Brazilian goalkeeper who plays for Ponte Preta.
 Erdal Kılıçaslan (born August 23 1984 in Munich) is a Turkish-German footballer. He currently plays for Konyaspor.Kılıçaslan is a forward who came through the youth setup at Bayern Munich. During this time he represented Germany at Under-15 to Under-20 level scoring 41 goals in 65 caps overall. This is a record for any German youth international. He progressed to Bayern's reserve team in the Regionalliga but left after two years heading to Turkey in 2005.
 George Alexander Melvin Pearson (April 29 1938 - January 9 1999) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 38 games in the National Hockey League for the Pittsburgh Penguins and New York Rangers. He also played 70 games in the World Hockey Association with the Minnesota Fighting Saints.
 Henri Rang (June 8 1902 in Timişoara – December 25 1946) was a Romanian horse rider who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.In 1936 he and his horse Delfis won the silver medal in the individual jumping competition.
 Timothy Wayne Belcher (born October 19 1961) is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher. He won the Sporting News Rookie Pitcher of the Year Award in 1988 for the National League. He was also the pitching coach for the Cleveland Indians.
 Tyler Ardron (born 16 June 1991) is a Canadian rugby union player who plays for Ospreys. Ardron plays in the back-row but is also capable of providing cover in the second row. Ardron made his debut for the Canadian national rugby team against the United States during the 2012 Summer Internationals.
 Dominique Perreault (born October 26 1984 in Montreal Quebec) is a Canadian water polo player. She was a member of the Women's Nation Team that claimed the bronze medal at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships in her native town.
 Stephan Gerber (born 27 August 1980) is a South African rugby union player currently playing with the Border Bulldogs. His regular position is lock or flanker.
 Bob Morgan graduated from University of New Mexico and played in the Continental Football League with the Toronto Rifles from 1965–67 and 5 games with the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League in 1967.He joined the Toronto Argonauts for 7 games in the 1969 season and after his release played for the Chicago Owls of the Continental league before returning to the CFL with the Ottawa Rough Riders in October 1969 for a game.
 Paul Joseph Fenwick (born 25 August 1969 in London England) is a retired Canadian international association football player.
 Vladimir 'Vlado' Kasalo (born 11 November 1962) is a Croatian retired footballer who played as a central defender.
 Johann Riegler (17 July 1929 – 31 August 2011) was an Austrian football midfielder who played for Austria in the 1954 FIFA World Cup. He also played for SK Rapid Wien FK Austria Wien and RC Lens.
 Frank Olivier Ongfiang (born 6 April 1985) is a Cameroonian footballer who currently plays for Sriwijaya in the Indonesia Super League.
 Soane (first name and dates unknown) was an English first-class cricketer associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) who was active in the 1790s and is recorded in two matches in 1795 totalling 22 runs with a highest score of 11.
 Henri Pescarolo (born 25 September 1942) is a former racing driver from France. He participated in 64 Formula One World Championship Grands Prix debuting on 22 September 1968. He achieved one podium and scored a total of 12 championship points.
 Abdou Karim Coulibaly (born 3 June 1993) is a French–Senegalese professional footballer who plays for Nancy as a midfielder.
 Andrew Rip King (October 25 1895 – March 4 1950) was a professional American football player who played running back for six seasons for the Akron Pros Chicago Cardinals and Hammond Pros.
 Federico Peluso (born 20 January 1984 in Rome) is an Italian football player currently playing for Serie A club Juventus and the Italian national team.
 Joakim Alriksson (born August 18 1992) is a Swedish footballer who currently plays for AFC United.
 Not to be confused with Saulo Squarsone Rodrigues dos Santos.Saulo Rodrigues dos Santos or simply Saulo (born February 18 1982) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Cypriot First Division club AEP Paphos. He holds Portuguese citizenship.
 Dayana M. Cadeau (born June 2 1966) is a professional female bodybuilder from Canada.
 Aleksey Reunkov is a Russian long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's marathon finishing in 14th place.
 Robert Matiebel (born 25 November 1973) is a retired German football midfielder.
 Denis Carufel (born January 23 1954) is a Canadian former ice hockey defenceman. He was selected by the Kansas City Scouts in the 10th round (162nd overall) of the 1974 NHL Amateur Draft and was also drafted by the Quebec Nordiques in the 7th round (98th overall) of the 1974 WHA Amateur Draft. In 1999 Carufel was named to the All-time Sorel Black Hawks team (QMJHL) by a Canadian Hockey League panel.
 Tang Kwong Hau (Chinese: 鄧廣豪; Jyutping: dang6 gwong2 hou4; born 9 September 1969) is a Hong Kong fencer. He competed in the individual foil event at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
 Javad Davari (Persian: جواد داوری ‎ born April 25 1983 in Isfahan Iran) is an Iranian professional basketball player currently playing as a point guard for Foolad Mahan in the Iranian Basketball Super League. He is 6'1 in height. He is also a member of the Iranian national basketball team and competed at the 2008 Olympic Basketball Tournament. Davari previously played for Zob Ahan before joining Petrochimi.
 Giovanni Visconti (born 13 January 1983 in Turin) is an Italian professional road racing cyclist for UCI ProTeam Movistar Team.
 Jámison Olave (born April 21 1981) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays for New York Red Bulls in Major League Soccer.
 Rafał Omelko (born 16 January 1989 in Wrocław) is a Polish athlete specialising in the 400 metres. He finished fourth at the 2013 Summer Universiade and reached the semifinals at the 2014 World Indoor Championships.His personal bests in the event are 45.69 seconds outdoors (2013) and 46.29 indoors (2014).
 Benjamin L. Simpson (born September 5 1878 in Peterborough Ontario died October 20 1964 in Hamilton Ontario) was a star football player in the Canadian Football League for seven seasons for the Hamilton Tigers. He was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 1963 and into the Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 1975.
 Alvito Rodrigues (born 2 July 1982) is an Indian footballer who plays for Salgaocar S.C. as a Midfielder in I-League
 Diego Alfredo Lugano Morena (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈdjeɣo luˈɣano]; (born 2 November 1980) is a Uruguayan footballer who currently plays for West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League and for the Uruguayan national team as a central defender.Nicknamed Tota Lugano has previously played for Plaza Colonia Club Nacional de Football São Paulo FC Fenerbahçe and Paris Saint-Germain.
 Andres Miguel Formento (born May 18 1984 in Recreo Santa Fe Province) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for La Equidad in the Fútbol Profesional Colombiano.
 Ivan Kinčík (born 17 September 1984 in Bratislava Slovakia) is a Slovakian figure skater. He is a three-time national silver medalist and three-time national bronze medalist.
 Luboš Tusjak (born 15 February 1992) is a Czech football player who currently plays for FK MAS Táborsko on loan from Slavia Prague. He has represented the Czech Republic at under-17 level. He made his Gambrinus liga debut for Slavia against Teplice on 22 August 2011.
 Michael Patrick McCoy (born September 6 1948) played for the Green Bay Packers the Oakland Raiders the New York Giants and the Detroit Lions.
 Viktor Denisov (Russian: Виктор Денисов) (born April 2 1966 in Kalinin) is a Soviet-born Russian sprint canoer who won competed from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s.
 Johanna Lüttge (born 10 March 1936) is a retired East German athlete. She competed in the shot put at the 1956 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics and finished in 11th 2nd and 9th place respectively. She married twice first to Mr. Hübner and later to Rudolf Langer a German athlete who also competed in the shot put at the 1964 Olympics.
 Ivy Paul Andrews (May 6 1907 – November 24 1970) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. From 1931 through 1938 he played for the New York Yankees (1931–1932 1937–1938) Boston Red Sox (1932–1933) St. Louis Browns (1934–1936) and Cleveland Indians (1937). Andrew batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Dora Alabama.Nicknamed Poison Ivy Andrews was bothered by arm ailment much of his career.
 DelJuan Cortez Robinson (born July 1 1984) is an American football defensive tackle who last played for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League. He was originally signed by the Texans as an undrafted free agent in 2007. He played college football at Mississippi State. He was raised in Hernando Mississippi and played for their high school.
 Osamu Umeyama (梅山 修 born 16 August 1973) is a former Japanese football player.
 Leomar Leo S. Najorda (born February 16 1982 in Ilocos Norte) is a professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association who currently plays for GlobalPort Batang Pier. He was drafted ninth overall by the Red Bull in the 2005 PBA Draft.
 Silvio Martinello (born January 19 1963 in Padua) is a retired road bicycle and track cyclist from Italy. He won the gold medal in the men's points race at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta Georgia followed by the bronze medal in the men's madison in Sydney Australia alongside Marco Villa. He was a professional rider from 1986 to 2004.
 Stephanie Zhang (born May 22 1985 in Harbin China) Stephanie began her skating athlete career at the age of four by the age of seven she was selected to be in the China's national team. But later moved to Australia with her parents at the age of nine. Because her talent Australia have offered her citizenship at the age of thirteen . Now she is a representative in the Australian Figure Skating national team. She is two times Australia national champion.
 Djalma Pereira Dias Júnior (21 August 1939 – 1 May 1990) was a Brazilian footballer who played as a defender.
 Worteh Sampson (born 25 June 1981 in Monrovia Liberia) is a Liberian soccer forward who currently plays for the Detroit Waza of the Professional Arena Soccer League.
 John Harvey Gordon (15 June 1886 – 23 April 1933) was an English cricketer. Gordon was a right-handed batsman whose bowling style is unknown. He played most of his first-class cricket for Oxford University but also played county cricket for Surrey (at first-class level) and Dorset.
 John Milkins was an English professional footballer (soccer player) whose career ran from the start of the 1960s to the end of the 1970s. Born in Romford on 3 January 1944 Milkins won one England Youth cap whilst with his first club Portsmouth to whom he was to give 15 years of loyal service . He made his debut for the first team in their very last match in the English First Division although he was to wait a further two years for his next appearance.
 Nemanja Kojić (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Којић born 9 June 1994) is a Serbian middle-distance track athlete who specializes in the 800 metres discipline. He reperesented Serbia at the 2013 Mediterranean Games. He trains with Atletski Klub Sloboda from Čačak.
 Edward Poch Juinio (born May 23 1973) is a former Filipino Professional basketball player of the Philippine Basketball Association.
 Carlos Antoine Emmons (born September 3 1973 in Greenwood Mississippi) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. Emmons is President/CEO of Emmons LLC. and owns a restaurant/bar called Wet Willie's in Atlanta GA located at 2450 Piedmont Rd NE which opened March 5 2010.
 William Bill Sandham was a Welsh professional rugby league footballer of the 1900s and '10s playing at representative level for Wales and at club level for Hull Kingston Rovers as a Hooker or Second-row i.e. number 9 or 11 or 12 during the era of contested scrums.
 Jakub Paur (born 4 July 1992) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club MŠK Žilina and the Slovakia national under-21 football team.
 John B. Hill (born 7 January 1950 in Northern Ireland) was an association football player who represented New Zealand at the 1982 FIFA World Cup.Hill's first professional club was Glentoran in Belfast Northern Ireland.
 Chukwuemeka Ademola Amachi Chuks Aneke (born 3 July 1993) is an English footballer of Nigerian descent who plays as a Midfielder for Crewe Alexandra on loan from Arsenal. He was part of the England U17 squad that qualified for the 2010 European Championship but he had to pull out on the eve of the tournament due to injury.
 Curtis Trishton Taylor (born July 13 1985) is an American football safety who is currently a member of the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL). The San Francisco 49ers drafted him in the seventh round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Louisiana State University (LSU). He played high school football at Frankliinton High School in Franklinton Louisiana.He also played for the Oakland Raiders and Sacramento Mountain Lions.
 Lajos Somodi Sr. (born 4 December 1928) is a Hungarian fencer. He won a bronze medal in the team foil event at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
 John Rudometkin (born June 6 1940) is a retired American professional basketball player formerly of the New York Knicks and San Francisco Warriors in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was selected in the second round as the 11th pick in the 1962 NBA Draft by the Knicks and spent three seasons playing in the league.
 Mauro Matos (born 6 August 1982 in Castelli) is an Argentine football striker who plays for Argentine Primera División club San Lorenzo.
 Patricia Djaté-Taillard (born 3 January 1971) is a retired French middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 and 1500 metres.She was born in Paris and represented the club SA Pamiers Basse Ariège. As a junior she finished eighth in the relay at the 1988 World Junior Championships and eighth in 800 metres at the 1990 World Junior Championships.
 Jake Maxwell Wright (born 11 March 1986) is an English footballer who plays for Oxford United a club he captains. He started his career with Bradford City but played only one senior game for them before he joined Halifax Town where he had previously spent a loan spell. He spent two years at Halifax but after they were demoted from the Conference Premier he moved to Crawley Town in June 2008 before transferring to Brighton in July 2009. He can play at left back or centre back.
 Ryō Hirakawa (平川亮 Hirakawa Ryō born 7 March 1994) is a Japanese racing driver best known for winning the 2012 All-Japan Formula Three Championship.
 Anne Donovan (born November 1 1961) is an American retired basketball player who now coaches women's basketball. She is currently the head coach of the Connecticut Sun. In her playing career Donovan won a national championship with Old Dominion University won two Olympic gold medals and went to three Final Fours overall. She was enshrined in the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1995.
 Robin Hood (born September 26 1964) is an American professional golfer who played on the LPGA Tour.Hood was born in Mishawaka Indiana. She played college golf at Oklahoma State University where she was a three-time All-American (1984 1986 1987).Hood won once on the LPGA Tour in 1989.
 Daniel Hannebery (born 24 February 1991) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL).He was drafted by the Swans in the 2008 AFL Draft but remained in Melbourne in 2009 to complete his high schooling at Xavier College. He made his debut in Round 16 2009 for Sydney against Carlton whilst still attending high school.
 Lavinia Chrystal (born 5 March 1989 in Camperdown Australia) is an alpine skier from Australia. She competed for Australia at the 2014 Winter Olympics in the alpine skiing events.
 Jean Sayegh (born June 28 1981 in Lebanon) is a male water polo player from Canada. He was a member of the Canada men's national water polo team that claimed the bronze medal at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro Brazil. Sayegh was also part of the Canadian team which placed 11th at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing.Playing as a forward Sayegh was named to the tournament all-star team at the Canadian Championships.[citation needed]
 Kathryn Anne Kate Gill (born 10 December 1984 in Auckland New Zealand) is a New Zealand-Australian female association football player for the Australia women's national football team. She is a striker that is strong in the air and on the ball. Possesses a great finishing and first touch. Kate graduated from Hunter Valley Grammar School in 2002.
 Aleksei Shvalev (born 25 May 1987) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who played with HPK in the SM-liiga during the 2010-11 season.
 Fauzi Toldo (born 22 November 1981) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Sriwijaya F.C. in the Indonesia Super League.
 Robert Daniel Danny Nightingale (born 21 May 1954) is a British modern pentathlete and Olympic champion.He won a team gold medal in the modern pentathlon at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal with Adrian Parker and Jim Fox.Nightingale currently works as a PE teacher at Whitby Community College Whitby.
 Thomas Michael Carroll (born November 5 1952 in Oriskany New York) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Cincinnati Reds.The Reds selected Carroll in the sixth round of the June 1970 Major League Baseball Draft out of North Allegheny High School in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania at age 17. At 18 Carroll went 18-5 with a 2.39 earned run average and 148 strikeouts with the Florida State League's Tampa Tarpons.
 Adriano Bonaiuti (born May 7 1967 in Rome) is an Italian professional football coach and a former player.
 Timothy Timmy Hill (born February 25 1993) is an American stock car racing driver. Son of former NASCAR driver Jerry Hill he currently drives the No. 33 Chevrolet SS for Circle Sport in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series.Hill was born in Port Tobacco Maryland and began racing go-karts at the age of 12. In Karting he won two World Karting Association championships two King George Speedway track championships the Concord Speedway Winter Championship.
 Takeshi Ono (born November 22 1944) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Japan national team.
 Mitchell Bernard Pinnock (born 12 December 1994) is an English footballer who plays for Southend United.
 Mark Lucas is the director of the United States Association of Blind Athletes.
 Edward Lancelot Bunting (10 December 1883 - 26 February 1962) was an English cricketer who played a single first-class match in 1922 for Worcestershire against Yorkshire.His brief experience of the first-class game was something of a disaster: Yorkshire who would go on to the County Championship title crushed their opponents by an innings and 220 runs inside two days while Bunting himself made 1 and 0 with his four overs of leg-spin disappearing for 38 runs.
 Daniel Robert Danny Harrison (born 4 November 1982) is an English footballer with Chester.
 Dexter Langen (born 6 December 1980 in Friedberg Hesse) is a German former football defender.
 Waldemar Fritz Breidster (1900-1982) was an American football player who played college football for the United States Military Academy at West Point. Breidster was raised in Milwaukee Wisconsin and graduated from East Division (Riverside) High School. After a year at the University of Wisconsin Breidster enrolled in the U.S. Military Academy. Breidster was the captain of Army's undefeated 1922 football team.
 Danny aus den Birken (born February 15 1985) is a German professional ice hockey goaltender. He is currently playing for Kölner Haie in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
 Gabriel Macuvele commonly known as Gabito (born 4 February 1981) is a Mozambican footballer who plays for Moçambola side C.D. Maxaquene and the Mozambican national football team as a defender.Gabito started his career in 2000 at the age of 19. He has played for several clubs in Mozambique which include Costa do Sol Atlético Muçulmano and Liga Muçulmana. Macuvele had a stint abroad in Sudan from 2003 to 2005 playing for Al-Hilal Club.
 Yang Zhenduo (1926- ) a native of Yongnian Hsien County Hebei was born in Beijing China into the famous Yang family of martial artists. A son of Yang Cheng Fu and a great-grandson of Yang Lu Chan (the creator of the Yang style of t'ai chi ch'uan) Yang Zhenduo is a fourth-generation descendant of the Yang Family of t'ai chi ch'uan and is the fourth lineage-holder of the style.
 Yousef Aboloya is an Arabian football Forward who played for Saudi Arabia in the 1984 Asian Cup.
 Dave Barry (born 16 September 1961 in Cork Ireland) is an Irish former sportsperson.He played Gaelic football with his local club St. Finbarr's and soccer for Tramore Athletic and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1980 until 1991. Barry also played football with and managed Cork City making his League of Ireland debut in Cork's first ever League game on the 16th of September 1984.
 Georgy Ruslanovich Balakshin (Russian: Георгий Русланович Балакшин; born March 6 1980 in Antonovka near Nyurba Sakha Republic) is an amateur boxer from Russia best known for winning the European title three times.
 James Joseph Larry Jim Traber (born December 26 1961) is an American former professional baseball player and current sports talk show host in Oklahoma City. He played in Major League Baseball as a first baseman for the Baltimore Orioles and then played for the Kintetsu Buffaloes of the Nippon Professional Baseball league.Traber was born in Columbus Ohio but grew up in Columbia Maryland.
 Jordan Craig Hill (born July 27 1987) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was drafted 8th overall in the 2009 NBA Draft by the New York Knicks. He played college basketball for the Arizona Wildcats.
 Michael Anthony Collins (born 30 April 1986) is a footballer who plays for Scunthorpe United. Collins has been capped six times by the Republic of Ireland U21 side.
 Gizella Tary (19 November 1884 – 8 February 1960) was an Hungarian fencer. She competed in the women's individual foil at the 1924 and 1928 Summer Olympics.
 Ihor Koshman (Ukrainian: Ігор Сергійович Кошман; born 7 March 1995 in Kremenchuk Poltava Oblast Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Ukrainian Premier League club SC Tavriya Simferopol.Koshman is the product of FC Kremin Kremenchuk youth sportive school. Koshman made his debut for SC Tavriya Simferopol as substituted player in the game against FC Metalurh Zaporizhya on 28 March 2014 in Ukrainian Premier League.
 William Dunbar Attrill (March 1868 – 1939) was a member of the silver medal winning French cricket team at the 1900 Summer Olympics the only time cricket has featured in the Olympics. In the only game against Great Britain he was dismissed for a duck in both French innings took two wickets in Great Britain's first innings and two catches in their second.
 Nils Westermark (September 9 1892 – January 24 1980) was a Swedish sailor who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.He was a crew member of the Swedish boat Sans Atout which won the silver medal in the 8 metre class.
 Mory-Fallo Keïta (born 13 December 1992) is a Guinean footballer who plays as a striker. He has been without a club since leaving Belgian Pro League Charleroi in 2013.
 Moktar Mangane (b. November 15 1982 Rufisque) is a Senegalese footballer who currently plays for Tours FC.
 Matt Clark (born 16 November 1992) is an English football midfielder who currently plays for Southern League side North Leigh.
 Cornelius William Stynes (December 10 1868 – March 26 1944) was a Major League Baseball catcher. He played two games for the 1890 Cleveland Infants of the short-lived Players' League. He had zero hits in eight at bats.
 Paul Beech (born 2 October 1965) is a former English cricketer. Beech was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium-fast. He was born in Hailsham Sussex.Beech made his debut for Cumberland in the 1992 Minor Counties Championship against Lincolnshire. Beech played Minor counties cricket for Cumberland from 1992 to 1999 including 32 Minor Counties Championship matches and 12 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. In 1996 he made his List A debut against Middlesex in the NatWest Trophy.
 John James Jack Pinder (1 December 1912 – 19 August 2004) was an English footballer.
 Ian Richard Moores (5 October 1954 – 13 January 1998) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Barnsley Bolton Wanderers Leyton Orient Stoke City and Tottenham Hotspur.
 Luiz Henrique de Souza Santos or simply Luiz Henrique (born September 23 1982) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Bucaspor in the TFF First League.
 Cornelius Con O'Toole (25 February 1929 – 2 April 2011) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).O'Toole a ruckman from Ultima was a member of Melbourne's 1949 reserves premiership team.
 Julián Alonso Pintor (born 2 August 1977 in Canet de Mar) is a retired tennis player from Catalonia Spain who turned professional in 1996 and retired in 2001.
 Christopher Wreh (born 14 May 1975 in Monrovia) is a retired Liberian international footballer. He was a member of the Arsenal side which won the Premier League and FA Cup double in 1997–98.He won 36 caps for Liberia scoring 11 goals and was in their squad for the 1996 Africa Cup of Nations.
 Woodrow Earl Rich (March 9 1916 – April 18 1983) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from 1939 through 1944 for the Boston Red Sox (1939–1941) and Boston Braves (1944). Listed at 6 ft 2 in (1.88 m) 185 lb. Rich batted left-handed and threw right-handed.
 Anna Kozhnikova is a Russian football defender currently playing for Rossiyanka Krasnoarmeysk in the Russian Championship.She is a member of the Russian national team.
 Stephen Halliday (born 3 May 1976 in Sunderland England) is a retired English professional footballer who played his entire career as a striker. His career included spells in England and Scotland.Halliday started his career at Hartlepool making 167 appearances in total scoring 27 goals. This resulted in a £50000 move to Scottish Premier League club Motherwell. However his time with the North Lanarkshire club was not enjoyable moving to Carlisle on loan during his time in Scotland.
 John Kinport Sal Brallier (December 12 1876 – September 17 1960) was one of the first professional American football players. He was nationally acknowledged as the first openly paid professional football player when he was given $10 to play for the Latrobe Athletic Association for a game against the Jeanette Athletic Association in 1895.
 Daryl Lynn Hunt (November 3 1956 Odessa Texas – July 9 2010 Houston Texas) was a professional American football player a linebacker for six seasons for the Houston Oilers appearing in 78 career regular season games after being selected by Houston during the 6th round of the 1979 NFL Draft.
 Magalys Carvajal (born December 18 1968) is a Cuban Volleyball Player World champion and Olympic champion. She led Cuba to Olympic Gold Medals in the 1992 Barcelona and 1996 Atlanta Games. She also helped Cuba to win the World Gold Medal in 1994.She has been called the greatest middle blocker to ever play the sport of women's volleyball standing at 6' 3 tall. Known for shutting down the greatest hitters in the world. Her vertical jump (11 feet) is rivaled only by teammate Mireya Luis.
 Josh Michael Pace (born May 23 1983) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Nelson Giants of the New Zealand National Basketball League.
 Ben Jeffery (born 1 March 1987) is an Australian former professional rugby league player. He primarily played on the Wing. He previously played for the Wests Tigers and Gold Coast Titans in the NRL. He has then since returned to his hometown Griffith and played for his junior club Waratah Tigers for 2 years in which he won the 2010 Group 20 Premiership with the club. Then he joined Group 9 club Albury Thunder for the 2012 season and won a Group 9 premiership with the club.
 Zak Thompson is a former American footballer who last played for Crystal Palace Baltimore in the PDL. He was signed in 2008 as backup to Brian Rowland and Matthew Nelson.Thompson previously played for Virginia Legacy in the USL Premier Development League.He is currently in his third season as the Junior Varsity coach for Severna Park High School soccer team in Severna Park Maryland.
 Michal Daněk (born 6 July 1983) is a Czech footballer currently playing for SK Dynamo České Budějovice. In the past he played most notably for FC Baník Ostrava whom he has supported throughout his life. Daněk was a member of the squad of Baník Ostrava in the 2003–04 season when Baník won the league title.Since 2006 has Daněk played for FC Viktoria Plzeň. In the 2006–07 Gambrinus liga Daněk was one of four players in the league to play every minute of every match.
 Fareez Farhan (born 29 July 1994) is a professional footballer who plays for Courts Young Lions. He is the second youngest player to play in the S.League at 16 years 7 months and 13 days.
 Robert Hardy Bake Turner (born July 22 1940) was an American football player who played at the wide receiver position. He played collegiately at Texas Technological College (now Texas Tech University) then professionally for nine seasons. He was with the New York Jets of the American Football League where in 1963 he replaced Art Powell who had been traded to the Oakland Raiders.
 David Wilson (born 4 January 1967 in Brisbane Australia) is a former Australian rugby union footballer who played on the openside flank 79 times and who captained the wallabies 9 times.Through his career he won every international trophy available to an Australian test player (Bledisloe Cup series wins in 1992 94 98 99 & 2000 including the 1999 win as Captain) a world cup in 1999 & finally a Tri Nations series win in 2000.He first came to prominence in 1985 when he was selected in the 1985 all conquering Australian Schoolboys team as Vice Captain. 
 Michael Clark (born July 10 1973 Columbus Ohio) is a professional boxer. He has twice won the IBC lightweight title. Commonly known by his stagename Cold Blood he has also held the NABF lightweight title and been a challenger for the WBO title.Product of a single-parent home he grew up in Columbus Ohio. He began boxing at age 7 and soon became accomplished within the amateur ring. His boxing coach Matthew Voltolini adopted him as a son at age 12.
 Shawn Draper (born April 5 1979 in Huntsville Alabama) is a former American football tight end and offensive lineman of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the fifth round of the 2001 NFL Draft. He played college football at Alabama. He played high school football at S. R. Butler High School in Huntsville.Draper was also a member of the Minnesota Vikings Carolina Panthers Philadelphia Eagles New Orleans Saints and Atlanta Falcons.
 Kyohei Sugiura (杉浦 恭平 Sugiura Kyōhei born January 11 1989 in Shizuoka prefecture) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Vissel Kobe.
 Justin Francis (born February 2 1989 in Opa-locka Florida) is an American football Defensive end for the New England Patriots of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Rutgers and went un-drafted in the 2012 NFL Draft. He was later signed in 2012 as a free agent with the New England Patriots.
 Karl Temata (born 12 July 1978 in Whangarei New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby league player. Temata is a Cook Islands international.
 Émile Torcheboeuf (born June 17 1876 date of death unknown) was a French long jumper who competed in the late 19th century and early 20th century. He participated in Athletics at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris and won the bronze medal in the men's standing long jump.
 Alfred James Pilarcik (July 3 1930 – September 20 2010) was an American professional baseball player. An outfielder he appeared in 668 Major League games between 1956 and 1961 for the Kansas City Athletics Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox. Pilarcik stood 5 ft 10 in (1.78 m) tall weighed 185 lb (84 kg) and threw and batted left-handed.Primarily a right fielder Pilarcik played in over 100 games for three successive seasons (1957–1959) as a member of the Orioles.
 Jenne Langhout (September 27 1918 – March 29 2010) was a Dutch field hockey player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was born in Batavia Dutch East Indies.He was a member of the Dutch field hockey team which won the bronze medal. He played all seven matches as halfback.
 Nancy Bélanger (born September 2 1978 in Sainte-Foy Quebec) is a Canadian curler from Charny Quebec. She plays third for Marie-France Larouche. As a member of Larouche's team Bélanger won five straight junior provincial championships. In her last year of juniors in 1999 the team won the Canadian Junior Curling Championships followed by a bronze medal at the World Junior Curling Championships. In 2001 Bélanger won her first provincial women's championship with Larouche.
 Richard Frank Dick Gamble (born November 16 1928) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player. He won a Stanley Cup championship in 1953 with the Montreal Canadiens. He won back-to-back Calder Cups with the Rochester Americans in 1965 and 1966. Gamble won a third Calder Cup with Rochester in 1967–68. He became the Amerks' player-coach in 1968–69. He retired as a player early in the 1969–70 season. He served as coach until mid-season in 1970–71 when he was replaced by Doug Adam.
 Luigi Bruins (born 9 March 1987 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch footballer currently playing for OGC Nice in the French Ligue 1.After being declined by Feyenoord at the age of six the Rotterdam-born went through the complete Excelsior youth academy. Bruins made his first team debut in the season 2004–05 and managed to win the Eerste Divisie title in the subsequent season.
 Grégory Baugé (born 31 January 1985) is a French professional racing cyclist. He is a seven-time world champion in track cycling after being stripped of two titles in January 2012.
 Natalie Ross (born 14 September 1989) is a Scottish female midfielder who plays for the football club Rangers and has represented Scotland at youth and senior level.
 Srisaket Sor Rungvisai is a Thai professional boxer in the super flyweight division and is the current World Boxing Council super flyweight champion.
 Ron Lyle (February 12 1941 – November 26 2011) was an American professional boxer in the heavyweight division. He is considered to have been one of the best contenders of his era and one of the best fighters never to win a world title. He was a crowd-pleasing power puncher.
 Jack Rochford (24 April 1882 – 17 October 1953) was an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Kilkenny senior team from 1902 until 1916.Rochford made his first appearance for the team during the 1902 championship and became a regular player over the next fourteen years. During that time he won seven All-Ireland winner's medals and nine Leinster winner's medals.
 William Rodger Playle (born 1 December 1938 Palmerston North Manawatu) is a former New Zealand cricketer who played eight Tests for New Zealand making 151 runs in eight Tests as a specialist batsman between 1958 and 1963. His first class career started with Auckland in 1956-57 at the age of 18. After scoring only 355 runs in 13 matches in two seasons he was selected to tour England in 1958 as a 19-year-old but made only 56 runs in the five Tests batting in the middle order.
 Eduardo María de la Peña (born 7 June 1955) is a retired football midfielder who played most of his career in the Uruguayan Primera División. He also played for Uruguay in the 1979 Copa América.
 James Douglas Sheahan Neesham (born September 17 1990) is a New Zealand cricketer. He was born in Auckland and plays first-class cricket for Auckland and Twenty20 cricket for the Otago Volts.
 Michael Tack Wilson (born May 16 1955 in Shreveport Louisiana) is a former professional baseball player. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball with the Minnesota Twins and California Angels in 1983 and 1987. Primarily an outfielder he was most often used as a pinch runner being used in that manner in eight out of his twelve career games played.
 Umyar Mavlikhanov (Russian: Умяр Абдуллович Мавлиханов; 24 September 1937 – August 1999) was a Soviet fencer. He won gold in the team sabre events at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics and a bronze in the individual sabre in 1964.
 Aleksandar Davidov (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Давидов; born 7 October 1983 in Novi Sad) is a Serbian footballer who plays for F.C. Ashdod. His main asset is his versatility as he can play as a left winger defensive midfielder or left back.Davidov started his career at FK Hajduk Kula where he was promoted to the first team in 2000. He played ten years of top tier football in Kula except few spells with FK Tekstilac Odžaci. In January 2010 Davidov moved to FK Partizan.
 Deandre Lamar Coleman (born January 27 1991) is an American football defensive tackle. He played college football at California.
 John Dempsey is a footballer who played as a full back in the Football League for Tranmere Rovers.
 Alexander George Alex Karras (July 15 1935 – October 10 2012) nicknamed The Mad Duck was an American football player professional wrestler and actor. He played football with the Detroit Lions in the National Football League from 1958–1962 and 1964–1970. As an actor Karras is noted for his role as Mongo in the 1974 comedy film Blazing Saddles and for starring in the ABC sitcom Webster (1983–89) alongside his wife Susan Clark as the title character's adoptive father.
 Robert 'Bob' Farmer (born 2 June 1947) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1960s.A centre half forward Farmer was aged just 16 years and 363 days when he made his senior VFL debut in 1964.
 Gary Elphick (born 17 October 1985) is an English footballer currently playing for Conference South side Tonbridge Angels.
 Tim Bakens (born 2 November 1982 in Groesbeek) is a Dutch footballer. He plays as central defender for De Graafschap in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.
 Christopher M. Chris Joynt (born 7 December 1971 Wigan) is an English former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s. A Great Britain international representative Prop Second-row and Loose forward/Lock he played his club football with St. Helens with whom he won numerous titles as well as Oldham and a stint in Australia with the Newcastle Knights.
 Sergei Aleksandrovich Andreyev (Russian: Серге́й Александрович Андреев; born March 7 1988) is a Russian professional football player. He last played in the Russian Second Division for FC Tekstilshchik Ivanovo.
 Andreas Mayer (born 15 December 1980) is a German footballer who plays for KSV Hessen Kassel.
 William W. Martin (born in London) was a professional footballer who played for Huddersfield Town.
 Walter Hall (27 November 1861 - 19 November 1924) was an English cricketer who played cricket for Derbyshire from 1882 to 1892Hall was born at Whitfield Derbyshire. In 1881 he was working at a print works at Glossop. Hall made his first-class debut for Derbyshire in the 1882 season against Yorkshire in June when he took a wicket and a couple of catches but failed to strike highly as an opener. He played one more match for the club that season as a tail-ender.
 Gabriel Stefan Gabe Kapler (born July 31 1975) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder.In his minor league career in 1996 he led the South Atlantic League in hits (157) doubles (45; 2nd in the minor leagues) and extra-base hits (71) and was an All-Star and in 1997 at Single-A Lakeland he led the Florida State League in doubles (40) and total bases (262) and tied for first in extra base hits (65).
 Christos Harissis (alternate spellings: Charissis Harisis Charisis) (Greek: Χρήστος Χαρίσης; born on July 9 1976 in Athens Greece) is a retired Greek professional basketball player. He is 191 cm or 6'3 in height. He played at the point guard position.
 Michele Boscacci (born January 4 1990) is an Italian ski mountaineer.Boscacci son of Graziano Boscacci was born in Sondalo and started skiing when he was five years old. In 2004 he competed at his first Pierra Menta race when he was fourteen years old. A few years later he became a member of the national youth team.He is a member of the Polisportiva Albosaggia.
 Eric 'Nick' Bravin (born May 28 1971) is an American fencer and lawyer. He competed in the foil events at the 1992 and 1996 Summer Olympics.Bravin continued on to a legal career graduating from Columbia Law School in 1998. From 2000-2001 he was worked as a law clerk of the Supreme Court of the United States under Ruth Bader Ginsburg. As of February 2013 he is an Acting Assistant Professor of Lawyering at New York University School of Law.
 Cameron Baerg (born October 17 1972 in Saskatoon Saskatchewan) is a Canadian rower. He began rowing in 1987. He won a gold medal at the men's four event at the 2003 World Championships in Milan Italy and a silver at the same event at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
 Will Kohler is a retired American soccer midfielder who was a member of the United States U-17 men's national soccer team at the 1991 FIFA U-17 World Championship. He won the 1991 USYSA U-16 championship with F.C. Delco. He is a general partner with Summerhill Venture Partners.
 Solofa Fatu Jr. (born October 11 1965) is a Samoan American professional wrestler best known under the ring names Rikishi (which means sumo wrestler in Japanese) and Fatu with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) where he was a one time Intercontinental Champion two time World Tag Team Champion and one time WWE Tag Team Champion.
 Roberto Aguirre (born 10 February 1942) is a retired Argentine international association football player.
 Patrick (Pat) Carroll (March 1853 – February 14 1916) was an American Major League Baseball catcher who played for the Altoona Mountain City and the Philadelphia Keystones both of the Union Association in 1884. In 16 total games he was 16-for-68 (.235) and scored 5 runs. He was a slightly below-average defensive catcher for his era making 13 errors in 106 total chances (.877).
 Juan Carlos Díaz (born February 19 1974) is a retired Cuban professional baseball first baseman/designated hitter. Listed at 6' 2 228 lb. Díaz batted and threw right-handed. He spent part of the 2002 season in Major League Baseball with the Boston Red Sox.Díaz was a veteran of fourteen minor league seasons.
 Damien Marcq (born 8 December 1988 in Boulogne-sur-Mer) is a French football player who currently plays for the Belgian club Sporting Charleroi. Damien can play in the defending position as well as in the midfield.
 Frank Öivind Stefan Andersson (born 9 May 1956 in Trollhättan) is a Swedish retired amateur and professional wrestler.
 Erik Nævdal Mjelde (born 6 March 1984) is a Norwegian footballer playing for Lillestrøm. Among his previous clubs are SK Brann and Løv-Ham Fotball.He made his debut for Norway's U21 national football team in 2006 where he played one game.He is brother of Maren Mjelde who plays for Norway women's national football team.
 Satoshi Yamaguchi (born August 1 1959) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for the Japan national team.
 Zoltán Jovánczai (born 8 December 1984 in Kaposvár) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Kaposvári Rákóczi FC.
 Inna Zlidnis (18 April 1990) is an Estonian football player who plays for Levadia and Estonia women's national football team as a left back.
 Alexander Norman Remneas (February 21 1886 – August 27 1975) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Detroit Tigers in 1912 and the St. Louis Browns in 1915. He played in 3 games and had no decisions in 7⅔ innings pitched with an earned run average of 7.04. In 1912 Remneas had an earned run average of 27.00. Remneas was born in Minneapolis Minnesota and died in Phoenix Arizona.
 Tomáš Kůrka (born December 14 1981) is a Czech professional ice hockey forward currently playing for The Cardiff Devils in the EIHL.
 Son Jeong-Ryun (孫 正倫 Son Jonryun) (born September 18 1991 in Yamaguchi) is a Japanese-born North Korean football player who most recently played for Avispa Fukuoka.
 Damacio James Page (born September 30 1982) is an American mixed martial arts fighter currently competing for Legacy Fighting Championship in the Bantamweight division. While perhaps best known for previously competing in the WEC he has also competed for the UFC Pancrase King of the Cage TKO Major League MMA and also fought at K-1 Premium Dynamite 2006!!.
 Daniel Alberto Chafer (born 19 September 1981) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Chieti.
 Sara Martínez Puntero (born February 26 1990 in Madrid Spain) is a Paralympic athlete from Spain competing mainly in category F12 track and field events.
 Viktors Morozs (born 30 July 1980) is a Latvian football midfielder currently playing for Skonto Riga.
 Mikhail Igorevich Kuzyayev (Russian: Михаил Игоревич Кузяев; born January 22 1988) is a Russian professional football player currently playing for FC Kolomna in the Russian Second Division.He played for the main squad of FC Saturn Moscow Oblast in the return leg of their 2008 UEFA Intertoto Cup matchup against FC Etzella Ettelbruck.
 Aaron Moule (born 20 June 1977) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s. He played club football for the South Queensland Crushers and Melbourne Storm in Australasia's National Rugby League and Widnes Vikings and Salford City Reds in Europe's Super League.[citation needed]Moule played at centre for the Melbourne Storm in their 1999 NRL Grand Final victory against the St. George Illawarra Dragons.
 Richard Wallace (2 May 1872 – 19 January 1941) was a French fencer. He competed in the individual épée event at the 1900 Summer Olympics. He was the brother of fencer Edmond Wallace.
 Stephen Neil Richardson (born 16 March 1959) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon Swan Districts East Perth and Norwood.Richardson was from Western Australia but started his career in Queensland at the Mayne Australian Football Club. From there he went to Victorian Football League club Essendon where he played one league game in 1983 their round 20 win over Melbourne at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
 Denis Radikovich Gilmanov (Russian: Денис Радикович Гильманов; born June 23 1994) is a Russian football forward who last played for FC Gornyak Uchaly.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Gornyak Uchaly on September 16 2012 in a game against FC Nosta Novotroitsk.
 Susie Scanlan (born June 4 1990 in St. Paul Minnesota) is an American epee fencer. Scanlan was named to the U.S. Olympic team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's epee individual and team competitions. Scanlan took time off from her studies at Princeton University to train for and compete in the 2012 Olympics.Scanlan was eliminated in the individual epee round of 64 by Olena Kryvytska of Ukraine by a score of 15-13.
 Song Jung-Hyun (Hangul: 송정현 born 28 May 1976) is a South Korean footballer.He was arrested on the charge connected with the match fixing allegations on 7 July 2011.
 José Ulises Solís Perez (born August 28 1981 in Guadalajara Jalisco Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer and is the current IBF light Flyweight champion. He recently got into a street fight with light middleweight champ Saul Alvarez and had his jaw broken. He plans on pressing charges against Alvarez. His brother also is current WBA Super Featherweight Champion Jorge Solís.
 Kyle Trout (born (1991-03-01) 1 March 1991) is a professional rugby league footballer playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC and Wakefield Trinity as a Prop or loose forward.
 László Papp (March 25 1926 – October 16 2003) was a Hungarian boxer born in Budapest. A southpaw he won gold medals in the 1948 Summer Olympics in London the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki and the 1956 Summer Olympics held in Melbourne Australia. In his final Olympic competition he beat José Torres for the gold medal to become the first boxer in Olympic history to win three successive gold medals.
 Chanda Mwaba (born October 2 1988) is a Zambian football midfielder who is currently a free agent.Mwaba was one of the Zambians who came to RoPS at 2007. Mwaba was then 18-years old. He came along with Nchimunya Mweetwa Stephen Kunda Chileshe Chibwe and Zeddy Saileti's younger brother Derik Saileti for a trial. Quintet (Mweetwa Kunda Chibwe Mwaba) got contract's with RoPS. Mwaba signed with RoPS 4-years long contract (until end of season 2010) but extended it after season 2007 to 2012.
 Gregg Johnson (born June 18 1982 in Windsor Connecticut) is an American professional ice hockey forward who is currently a Free Agent. He most recently played for the South Carolina Stingrays of the ECHL.
 J. C. Pearson is a professional poker player originally from Tennessee who won a bracelet at the World Series of Poker. He is a brother of 1973 World Series of Poker Champion Puggy Pearson.Pearson born and raised in Tennessee and was one of nine siblings.
 Jordan Schroder (born 5 December 1992) is an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).Drafted from the Calder Cannons in the TAC Cup with the 54th selection in the 2010 AFL Draft Schroder made his debut for Geelong in the AFL in their Round 10 match against Greater Western Sydney.In 2013 he was one of three players who tied the J.J. Liston Trophy.
 Yelena Leuchanka (born 30 April 1983) is a Belarusian professional women's basketball player with the Atlanta Dream of the WNBA in the United States and UMMC Ekaterinburg in the Russian Superleague. Prior to joining the Dream for their inaugural 2008 season Leuchanka was a member of the Charlotte Sting in 2006 and Washington Mystics in 2007. She began her college career at Seminole Junior College. She also attended West Virginia University after transferring from Wabash Valley Junior College.
 Norbert Sipos (born 21 March 1981 in Szombathely) is a Hungarian football player who plays for BFC Siófok.
 Bogdan Ionuț Lobonț (born 18 January 1978 in Hunedoara) is a Romanian goalkeeper playing for A.S. Roma and the Romanian national team. Lobonț has been popularly nicknamed Pisica (The Cat) in Romania due to his quick reflexes compared to that of a cat.
 Paul Prashad (born 23 September 1967 in Berbice Guyana) was a Canadian cricketer who played his last international game on 17 October 2000. He was a right-handed batsman. His first known game for Canada was on 11 June 1986 against the USA in the 1986 ICC Trophy in England. He was one of Canada's most successful batsmen in ICC Trophy scoring more runs in the tournament than any other Canadian batsman.
 Mitchell Warren Mitch Lyons (born May 13 1970 in Grand Rapids Michigan) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League. He attended Forest Hills Northern High School in Grand Rapids Michigan and played college football at Michigan State University. At 6'5 tall and 265 pounds the Atlanta Falcons drafted him in 1993 in round 6. He played 4 seasons with the Falcons and was then traded to the Pittsburgh Steelers where he played 3 seasons.
 Brenda Raganot is a professional female bodybuilder from Annapolis Maryland.
 Vasili Kiryienka (Belarusian: Васіль Кірыенка) (born 28 June 1981) is a Belarusian racing cyclist racing for UCI ProTeam Team Sky.
 Peter M. Neilson (1890 – after 1913) was a Scottish professional footballer who played in the Football League for Birmingham.Neilson was born in Glasgow. He played as an outside left for Airdrieonians in the Scottish Football League before coming to England to try his luck in the Football League. He signed for Second Division club Birmingham in 1913 and made his debut on 11 October 1913 in a 1–1 draw at Burnley.
 Sherry L. Middaugh (born October 11 1966 in Rosetown Saskatchewan as Sherry Hamel) is a Canadian curler from Victoria Harbour Ontario. Before marrying world champion curler Wayne Middaugh she was known as Sherry Scheirich. She is a five-time Ontario champion and a one-time Saskatchewan curling champion.
 Irfan Khan Pathan (About this sound pronunciation ; born 27 October 1984) is an Indian cricketer who made his debut for India in the 2003/04 Border-Gavaskar Trophy and was a core member of the national team until a decline in form set in during 2006 forcing him out of the team. Since then he has been in and out of the limited-overs teams (ODIs and T20Is) and has only sporadic appearances in Test cricket. Pathan played his last Test in April 2008 at the age of 24.
 John William Jack Collins (September 23 1912 – December 2 2001) was an American chess master author and teacher.
 Andrew Jeremy (Andy) Holmes MBE (15 October 1959 – 24 October 2010) was a British rower.Holmes was born in Uxbridge Greater London and was educated at Latymer Upper School in Hammersmith west London where he was coached by Olympic rowing silver medallist Jim Clark. After leaving school he rowed for Kingston Rowing Club and then Leander Club.
 Ivan John Jurkovic (born August 18 1967 in Friedrichshafen Germany) is a retired American football player currently employed as a broadcaster. He grew up in Calumet City Illinois. Jurkovic played professionally as a defensive tackle for the Green Bay Packers Jacksonville Jaguars and Cleveland Browns. Jurkovic was a fan favorite in Green Bay for his boisterous personality.
 Otto Ernest Nothling (1 August 1900 – 26 September 1965) was a rugby union player who represented Australia as well as an Australian cricketer who played in one Test in 1928. He is one of only two Australian rugby and cricket dual internationals the other being Johnny Taylor.
 Fernando Henrique dos Anjos or simply Fernando Henrique (born November 25 1983 in Bauru) is a Brazilian goalkeeper who currently plays for América Futebol Clube (RN). For eight years since 2003 he spent his career playing for Fluminense.
 Alyaksandr Dzemidovich (Belarusian: Аляксандр Дземідовіч; Russian: Александр Демидович; born 26 April 1989) is a Belarusian professional footballer. As of 2014 he plays for Lida.
 Ken Roskie is a former player in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the thirty-second round of the 1943 NFL Draft. Later he went on to play for the San Francisco 49ers of the All-America Football Conference before splitting the 1948 NFL season between the Packers and the Detroit Lions.
 Leonard Barnett Davis (born September 5 1978) is an American football guard who last played for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Texas and was recognized as an All-American. He was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals with the second pick overall of the 2001 NFL Draft and has played professionally for the Arizona Cardinals Dallas Cowboys Detroit Lions and San Francisco 49ers. He is currently a free agent.
 Joanne Butland (born 24 November 1978) is an Australian who has played association football Australian rules football and international rules football.
 Glen Weston Perkins (born March 2 1983) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Minnesota Twins of Major League Baseball. He made his major league debut with the Minnesota Twins in 2006. Perkins attended the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis-St. Paul and Stillwater Area High School in Oak Park Heights. Perkins earned his first Major league win on May 20 2008 against the Texas Rangers.
 George Elkins Turbeville (August 24 1914 in Turbeville South Carolina – October 5 1983 in Salisbury North Carolina) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Philadelphia Athletics from 1935 to 1937. He made his major league debut on July 20 1935 at the age of 20. He appeared in 19 games for the Athletics starting six of them and going 0–3 with a 7.63 ERA. In 632⁄3 innings he allowed 74 hits and 69 walks while striking out only 20 batters.
 Sebastián Valle Velásquez (born July 24 1990) is a Mexican professional baseball player. A catcher Valle plays in Minor League Baseball as a member of the Philadelphia Phillies. He played for the Mexican national baseball team in the 2013 World Baseball Classic. He is currently a player for the Reading Fightin Phils.
 John Edward Bickerton (born on 23 December 1969) is an English professional golfer.Bickerton was born in Redditch England. He turned professional in 1991.Bickerton joined the Challenge Tour Europe's second tier professional golf tour in 1993. He won the 1994 Gore-Tex Challenge on his way to 6th on the season ending money list which gave him automatic promotion to the European Tour for 1995.
 Sasago Tani (谷三三五 Tani Sasago born 9 May 1894 date of death unknown) was a Japanese sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres and the 200 metres events at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
 Carlo Galimberti (August 2 1894 – August 10 1939) was an Italian weightlifter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
 Craig Elmer Owl Chapman is an influential surfer. He is considered one of the fathers of the short board revolution. He pioneered board riding with early designs on Oahu by Dick Brewer including the minigun. The school of surf that Chapman originates from is different from the Australian and South Africans who are best known for Bustin' Down The Door.
 Cody Michael Payne Scarpetta (born August 25 1988) is a minor league baseball pitcher who is a free agent. A second-generation minor league pitcher he is the son of Dan Scarpetta (Brewers Rangers and Dodgers) and the nephew of Dennis Scarpetta (Phillies). His cousin Brett was drafted by the White Sox (18th rd 2005) and the Braves (33rd round 2006) but did not sign.Scarpetta was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the 11th round of the 2007 amateur entry draft.
 Pieter Casper Johan Piet Dikkentman (4 January 1879 – 7 October 1950) was a professional cyclist from the Netherlands. He had a long a successful career spanning from 1885 to 1928 which peaked in 1903 when he won the UCI Motor-paced World Championships. He competed internationally and married twice to an Australian and to a German. Consequently while he lived most of his life in Amsterdam he also spent years in Germany and Australia.
 Vladimir Mikhailovich Mukhin (Russian: Владимир Михайлович Мухин; born October 30 1990) is a Russian professional football player who currently plays for FC Avangard Kursk in the Russian Second Division.
 Alexander Zander Sutherland (born September 7 1987 in Wick) is a Scottish professional footballer currently with Brora Rangers. He grew up in the village of Helmsdale in Sutherland.He made his début for Inverness Caledonian Thistle in a home game against Falkirk. In the next season Sutherland's appearances were limited by then manager Charlie Christie. His first game of the season saw him come on as a substitute against Dunfermline in September.
 Anthony Benjamin Tony Beltran (born October 11 1987) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Real Salt Lake in Major League Soccer. His typical position is right full back.
 Michael Mike Bliss (born April 5 1965) is an American stock car racing driver. A journeyman NASCAR competitor he has run in all three major series. Bliss currently drives for TriStar Motorsports in the NASCAR Nationwide Series.
 Gabriel Rybar Blos (born 28 February 1989) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a centre-back for Grêmio on loan from Lajeadense.
 Michal Adrian Zajkowski (born 11 July 1983) is an ice hockey Goaltender currently playing for Örebro Hockey in the HockeyAllsvenskan. He was born in Łódź Poland and moved to Sweden when he was six years old.
 Leonel Alfredo Reyes Saravia (born November 19 1976 in La Paz) is a Bolivian football midfielder who currently plays for The Strongest in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano.He played in the finals of the Copa Sudamericana 2004 a game in which he received a yellow card. Reyes was also a member of the Bolivian national team competing at the Copa América 2007.
 Salvador Salva Sevilla López (born 18 March 1984) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Betis as a central midfielder.
 Miguel Ángel Jiménez Rodríguez (born 5 January 1964) is a Spanish professional golfer. He has won 20 times on the European Tour and has been a member of several victorious Ryder Cup teams.
 Eric Shannon Moulds (born July 17 1973) is a former American football wide receiver who played twelve seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Mississippi State University. He was drafted by the Buffalo Bills 24th overall in the 1996 NFL Draft. In 2009 Moulds was one of three receivers named to the Buffalo Bills 50th Anniversary All-Time Team.
 Bruno Génard (born 22 February 1961) is a French modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
 Alan Stacey (29 August 1933 Broomfield – 19 June 1960 Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps Belgium) was a British racing driver. He began his association with Lotus when he built one of the MkVI kits then being offered by the company. Having raced this car he went on to build an Eleven eventually campaigning it at Le Mans under the Team Lotus umbrella. During the following years he spent much time developing the Lotus Grand Prix cars most notably the front engined 16 and then the 18.
 Serhiy Dikhtiar (Ukrainian: Сергій Дихтяр' Russian: Серге́й Дихтяр; transliterated also as Serhij Dychtjar or Sergej Dichtiar; born 26 August 1975) is an Ukrainian football player who spent all of his professional career playing in Germany. As of October 2013 he plays for SV Barver.
 Tommi Huhtala (born December 7 1987) is a Finnish professional ice hockey left winger who currently plays for Espoo Blues of the SM-liiga.
 Eduardo Patricio Iturrizaga Bonelli (born 1 November 1989) is a Venezuelan chess player. He achieved the title of grandmaster in 2008 making him the first and only Venezuelan chess grandmaster.
 Hans-Joschim Borzym (born 7 January 1948) is an East German rower who competed in the early 1970s. He won a bronze medal in the eights event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.Borzym's wife Petra Grabowski won a silver medal in the women's K-2 500 m event at those same games.
 Henry Hank Kraft born in Queens NY attended Grover Cleveland High School and Pace College. In 1963 he received his 3rd Dan in Judo. At latest check he is a 6th Dan in Judo.A New York City based Judo Instructor for almost 4 decades Kraft picked up Judo after enrolling in a month long course at CUNY Queens College. He was drafted into the Army for the Korean War and later studied Judo at the Kodokan.
 David Code (born 6 April 1957) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).An Old Haileyburian Code spent just one season at Melbourne. He later played with Devonport in the TFL Statewide League and won the 1987 William Leitch Medal and was a member of their premiership team the following season. He is also a dual Morrison Medalist with Shepparton Football Club in the Goulburn Valley Football League
 Paul Mary McGregor (born 31 December 1967 in Dapto New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s. An Australian international and New South Wales State of Origin representative three-quarter back McGregor played his club football for the Illawarra Steelers and then the merged St George Illawarra Dragons at the commencement of their joint venture in 1999.
 Not to be confused with the later Ruckus (wrestler)R. Deon Walker (born January 21 1970 in Atlanta Georgia) better known by his ring name Rukkus is an American professional wrestler. Though he has mainly appeared with NWA Wildside and Georgia Championship Wrestling Rukkus has also competed for WWF in a dark match in May 2000. He also appeared in a host of indie shows throughout the US and UK.
 Daniel Corso (born April 3 1978 in Montreal Quebec and raised in Saint-Hubert Quebec) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre currently playing for Tampereen Ilves of the SM-liiga.
 Claire Joan Schillace (March 29 1921 – January 17 1999) was a center fielder who played from 1943 through 1946 in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. Listed at 5' 3 128 lb. she batted right-handed and threw left-handed.
 Henri Massal (Montblanc 1 May 1921) is a former French professional road bicycle racer. Massal was the first winner of the GP du Midi Libre. He also won one stage in the 1947 Tour de France.
 Nyron Dyer (born 24 October 1989) is a Montserratian international footballer who plays as a defender.
 Joel Clifford Dreessen (born July 26 1982) is an American football tight end for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the New York Jets in the sixth round of the 2005 NFL Draft. He played college football at Colorado State.Dreessen has also played for the Houston Texans.
 Eric Charles Henderson (born January 8 1983 in New Orleans Louisiana) is an American football defensive end. He was signed by the Cincinnati Bengals as an undrafted free agent in 2006. He played college football at Georgia Tech.
 Nay Myo Aung (born 19 July 1986) is an athlete from Myanmar who competes in archery.
 Grégory González (born August 16 1987) is an Ecuadorian footballer. He currently plays for Barcelona SC. A defender he is a regular starter for his club.
 Juan Mónaco (born March 29 1984 in Tandil) nicknamed Pico is a male tennis player from Argentina. He has won eight singles titles and reached a career-high singles ranking of World No. 10 in July 2012.
 Laura Maiztegui (born September 21 1978) is a field hockey player from Argentina who won the silver medal with the national women's hockey team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.
 Frank R. Kitson (September 11 1869 – April 14 1930) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played ten seasons with the Baltimore Orioles Brooklyn Superbas Detroit Tigers Washington Senators and New York Highlanders. Born in Hopkins Michigan Kitson's major league career got off to a roller coaster start. In his first start on May 19 1898 he shut out the Pittsburgh Pirates.
 William Nicol Carson (16 July 1916 – 8 October 1944) was a sportsman who represented New Zealand at both cricket and rugby union.
 Maxime Colin (born 15 November 1991 in Arras) is a French football player who plays for French club Boulogne-sur-Mer in Ligue 2. He plays as a right back. Colin joined Boulogne ahead of the 2009–10 season after spending several seasons with clubs in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region notably hometown club Arras and Avion. Ahead of the 2010–11 season Colin signed his first professional contract after agreeing to a three-year deal until 2013.
 Ricardo Alves Fernandes (born November 6 1982) is a Brazilian football defender. He played for CR Vasco da Gama and Al-Ittihad and he just signed for the Egyptian Giants Zamalek SC for 3 years and he just signed for Pattaya United
 Brian Andrew Dubois (born April 18 1967 in Joliet Illinois) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for two seasons. He played for the Detroit Tigers for six games during the 1989 Detroit Tigers season and 12 games during the 1990 Detroit Tigers season.
 Joseph Joe Ferguson (April→June 1879 — October→December 1936 (aged 57)) born in Ellenborough Cumberland was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1890s…1920s playing at representative level for England Cumberland and Lancashire and at club level for Oldham as a Fullback Prop Hooker or Second-row i.e. number 1 8 or 10 9 or 11 or 12 during the era of contested scrums his death was registered in Oldham district.
 Jason Alfaro (born November 29 1977 in San Antonio Texas) is a former Major League/Minor League baseball player. He made his debut with the Houston Astros in 2004.Alfaro last played for the New Orleans Zephyrs the Triple-A affiliate of the New York Mets in 2007.
 Serge Parsani (Gorcy France 28 August 1952) is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer who won one stage in the 1979 Tour de France. Currently he is a sports director of Team Katusha.
 Alexander Schuster (born Rosenheim October 2 1987) is a German ski mountaineer. He lives in Truchtlaching.Schuster studied production engineering at the University of Applied Sciences Rosenheim. He competed first in the 2005 Jennerstier event.
 Serhiy Chykanov (born 3 November 1979) is a Ukrainian rower. He competed in the Men's eight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
 Thomas Joshua Tom Elliott (born 9 November 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Cambridge United.
 Dorian Anneck (born April 24 1976) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player. He was drafted in the 3rd round (56th overall) by the Winnipeg Jets in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft.
 John David Carlson Jr. (born May 12 1984) is an American football tight end for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks in the second round of the 2008 NFL Draft. He has also played for the Minnesota Vikings. He played college football at Notre Dame.
 Damir Rašić (born 5 October 1988 in Split) is a Croatian football player currently playing for RNK Split in the Prva HNL.
 Bilal Sidibé (born December 31 1978) is a Mauritanian football for amateur team Vendée Poiré sur Vie.
 Siegfred Brzoska is a West German sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1960s. He won a bronze medal in the K-2 10000 m event at the 1963 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Jajce.
 Julien Canal (born 15 July 1982 in Le Mans) is a French racing driver. In 2010 he made his debut at the 24 Hours of Le Mans and won his class in 2010 2011 and 2012.
 Klaudia Edina Gallovits-Hall (née Gallovits; born December 10 1984 in Timişoara) is a Romanian female tennis player of Hungarian descent on her father's side. Her career highest ranking of No. 54 was achieved on April 28 2008. She achieved her best Grand Slam performance at the 2007 French Open and 2008 Australian Open by making the second round. In juniors she reached a career high of No. 7 and made the final of the prestigious Orange Bowl Championships losing to Vera Zvonareva.
 Francisco José Molinero Calderón (born 26 July 1985 in Toledo Castile-La Mancha) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Murcia in Segunda División as a right defender.
 Stefanie Thurmann (born March 25 1982 in Perleberg Brandenburg) is a German sport shooter. She won a bronze medal in the women's sport pistol at the 2009 ISSF World Cup series in Changwon South Korea accumulating a score of 787.2 points.Thurmann represented Germany at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing where she competed in the women's 25 m pistol along with her teammate Munkhbayar Dorjsuren who eventually won the bronze medal in the final.
 Goran Grbović (born February 9 1961) is a former Serbian professional basketball player.
 Qaiser Abbas (born May 7 1982 Muridke Punjab) is a Pakistani cricketer who played in one Test in 2000.He also played for Rajshahi Rangers in the NCL T20 Bangladesh
 Frank Urso is a former American lacrosse player and current high school lacrosse coach best known for his collegiate career at the University of Maryland from 1973 to 1976.
 Bobby L. McCray Jr. (born August 8 1981) is an American football defensive end who is currently a free agent. He played college football for the University of Florida. He was drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL) in the seventh round of the 2004 NFL Draft and also played for the New Orleans Saints and Philadelphia Eagles of the NFL.
 Mark Mayerhofler (born 8 October 1972 in Auckland New Zealand) was a rugby union player for Newcastle Falcons in the Guinness Premiership.Mark Mayerhofler's position of choice is as a centre.
 John Joseph Miller (born February 1 1934 in Lowell Massachusetts) is a former American football offensive and defensive lineman in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the Green Bay Packers.
 Andrei Olegovich Savchenko (Russian: Андрей Олегович Савченко; born January 28 1992) is a Russian professional football player who last played for FC Metallurg-Oskol Stary Oskol.
 Antonio Ruiz Hierro (born 5 July 1959) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a defender.
 Harry Bath (28 November 1924 – 4 October 2008) born Alfred Henry Bath was an Australian rugby league footballer and coach who rose to prominence in the mid-Twentieth Century. A state and international representative who played 12 matches for Other Nationalities in the International Championship from 1949 to 1955 he played at Second-row forward and has been referred to as the best Australian rugby league player never to be picked for the Australian national team.
 Peter Hawthorn Ashdown (born 16 October 1934 Danbury Essex) is a former motor racing driver. He drove in a single Formula One World Championship Grand Prix racing a Cooper. Prior to Formula One he was one of the leaders of the British Formula Junior scene but an accident at Rouen-Les-Essarts in 1958 in which he broke his collarbone considerably hampered his career. He continued racing in a Formula Two Cooper-Climax entered by Alan Brown at the 1959 British Grand Prix at Aintree.
 Robert Schroeder (May 11 1926 − December 3 2011) was a racing driver from the United States born in Medina Wisconsin. He participated in one Formula One World Championship Grand Prix the 1962 United States Grand Prix on October 7 1962. He finished tenth seven laps behind the winner and scored no championship points.
 David Owino Odhiambo (born 5 April 1988) is Kenyan international footballer who plays for Gor Mahia as a defender. He played at the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification.
 Keith Robert Dorney (born December 3 1957) is a former American college and professional football player who was an offensive lineman in the National Football League (NFL) for nine seasons in the 1970s and 1980s. He played college football for Pennsylvania State University and received All-American honors. Dorney was chosen in the first round of the 1979 NFL Draft and played for the NFL's Detroit Lions during his entire professional career.
 Surya Shekhar Ganguly (Bengali: সূর্য শেখর গাংগুলী; born February 24 1983) is an Indian chess Grandmaster and a chess prodigy from Kolkata. He started playing chess at the age of 5 and achieved great successes at National Junior and World Junior Championships since the age of 8. He also set a record of being the youngest player to beat a Grandmaster at 11.Ganguly became an International Master at 16 and a Grandmaster at 19.
 Arbnora Robelli is a Swedish Albanian football forward currently playing for IS Halmia in Sweden's Division 1.
 Juha S. Valkama (born September 26 1979 in Turku) is a Finnish retired ice dancer. He teamed up with Jessica Huot in 1999. They are the 2002-2004 Finnish national champions. Their highest placement at an ISU championship was 18th at the 2004 European Championships.Valkama graduated from high school in Finland and then moved to Delaware in the United States. He later studied at MIT.
 Max Judd (Maximilian Judkiewicz) (27 December 1851 Tenczynek near Kraków Poland – 7 May 1906 St. Louis USA) was an American chess master.Born in southern Poland (then Galicia Austro–Hungary) he emigrated to America in 1862. He was an American cloak manufacturer. He was founder and president of the St. Louis Chess Club. Judd was appointed by President Cleveland as the U.S. Consul General to Austria.
 Olivier Jenot (born 28 February 1988 in Monaco) is an alpine skier from Monaco. He competed for Monaco at the 2014 Winter Olympics in four alpine skiing events. Jenot was also selected to carry the Monégasque flag during the opening ceremony.
 Cedric Manuel Mack (born September 14 1960 in Freeport Texas) is a former professional American football cornerback in the NFL for the St. Louis/Phoenix Cardinals San Diego Chargers Kansas City Chiefs and the New Orleans Saints. He played football at Brazosport High School and later at Baylor University.He is currently a high school coach and math teacher at Angleton High School in Angleton Texas.
 Andrew Paul (Pepper) Oyler (May 5 1880 – October 24 1970) was a Major League Baseball third baseman. He was born in Newville Pennsylvania and attended Washington & Jefferson College. He played professionally for the Baltimore Orioles in the 1902 season. In 27 professional games that year he had 77 at-bats with 17 hits and one home run.He batted and threw right-handed. He was small in stature and was an excellent fielder but not a good hitter.
 Frederick Blair Stanley (born August 13 1947) is a retired American Major League Baseball shortstop. He played from 1969 to 1982 for the Seattle Pilots Milwaukee Brewers Cleveland Indians San Diego Padres New York Yankees and the Oakland Athletics. Stanley currently serves as the San Francisco Giants Director of Player Development.
 Sylvain Brébart (18 August 1886 – 1943) was a Belgian international footballer.
 Giordano Benedetti (Trento 22 May 1989) is an Italian middle distance runner (800 m).
 Thomas Palu (born 23 September 1986) is a Tongan rugby union footballer. His usual position is Scrum-half. He was part of the Tongan squad at the 2011 Rugby World Cup where he played in two matches.
 Frederica Piedade (born 5 June 1982) is a Portuguese tennis player. Her career high WTA singles ranking is 142 which she reached on 15 May 2006; her career high doubles ranking is 158 achieved on 16 February 2009. Piedade has competed for he Portugal Fed Cup team having a total win–loss record of 12–4. Though not officially retired she hasn't played in the professional circuit since 2009.
 Tsuyoshi Shimoyanagi (下柳 剛 Shimoyanagi Tsuyoshi born May 16 1968 in Nagasaki Japan) is a Nippon Professional Baseball pitcher for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles in Japan's Pacific League. He previously played for the Fukuoka Daiei Hawks the Nippon Ham Fighters and the Hanshin Tigers.
 Harold Taylor (1912 – unknown) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Liverpool and Stoke City.
 Kieron Dawson (born 29 January 1975 in Bangor County Down Northern Ireland) is an Irish rugby union footballer who was a flanker for Ulster and Ireland.He played for Bangor prior to his move to London Irish in 1996 he played 190 games in his 10 years at the Exiles. He was London Irish player of the season in 2000-01 and helped the club win the Powergen Cup in 2002.
 Frederick Harrison (2 July 1880 – 21 November 1969) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward for various clubs in the 1900s and 1910s.
 David Paul Leiper (born June 18 1962) was a relief pitcher with Major League Baseball's Oakland Athletics (1984 1986–87 and 1994–95) San Diego Padres (1987–89) Montreal Expos (1995 and 1996) and Philadelphia Phillies (1996).In 8 seasons he had a Win-Loss record of 12-8 in 264 Games 65 Games Finished 7 Saves 278 Innings Pitched 282 Hits Allowed 141 Runs Allowed 123 Earned Runs Allowed 25 Home Runs Allowed 114 Walks 150 Strikeouts 12 Wild Pitches 17 Intentional Walks 3 Balks 3.98 ERA and a WHIP of 1.424.
 Thapelo Sylvester Tshilo (born 18 February 1985) is a South African international footballer who plays professionally as a defender for Polokwane City.
 Barbara Bognár (born 7 November 1987 in Győr) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Érdi VSE as a playmaker.
 Jean-Pierre Élissalde (born 31 December 1953) is a rugby union coach and former player.
 Thang Luu is a Vietnamese American professional poker player who won the 2008 World Series of Poker $1500 Omaha Hi-Low Split-8 or Better event and repeated as champion in the same event at the 2009 World Series of Poker. He also finished 2nd in the same event at the 2007 World Series of Poker.As of 2008 his total live tournament winnings exceed $750000.
 Filip Kaša (born 1 January 1994) is a Czech football player who plays for FC Baník Ostrava. He has played international football at under-17 level for Czech Republic U17.
 Wang Qiang (born January 16 1989) is a Chinese San Shou kickboxer competing in K-1. He was the All China Sanda Championship 2006 90+KG Champion. He was a finalist in the K-1 World Grand Prix 2007 competition in Hong Kong
 José Luis Contaja Vicente (born 2 June 1987 in Oruro) is a Bolivian football defender. He currently plays for Real Potosi.
 Andriy Oleksiyovich Protsenko (Ukrainian: Проценко Андрій Олексійович; born 20 May 1988 in Kherson) is a Ukrainian high jumper.He won the silver medal at the 2007 European Junior Championships and the bronze medal at the 2009 European U23 Championships.[citation needed] He competed at the 2009 World Championships without reaching the final.His personal best jump is 2.31 metres achieved in July 2011 in Kiev and also in June 2012 in Yalta.
 Dragan Žarković (Serbian Cyrillic: Дpaгaн Жapкoвић ; born 16 April 1986 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football defender who plays for FK Novi Pazar
 Hubert Boughton (11 October 1858 – 26 March 1902) was an English cricketer. He played for Gloucestershire between 1884 and 1888.
 Luca Righini (born 25 December 1990) is an Italian footballer
 Roland George Lee (born 30 July 1964 in Bicester Oxfordshire) is a retired competitive swimmer from England who specialised in the 100 metres freestyle. He competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics for Great Britain starting in 1984 (Los Angeles California).
 Vladimir Feldman (born 13 Sep 1959 in Zhitomir Ukraine) is an Australian chess International Master (IM) and experienced chess coach. Feldman has a master degree in Chess Coaching from the State Institute of Physical Culture Moscow.
 Nicolas Santos (born January 5 1988) is a tennis player from Brazil. He was the number 2 ranked junior player in the world in 2006.
 Gary Wilson (born 11 August 1985) is an English professional snooker player from Wallsend in the North Tyneside Tyne and Wear.
 Branco van den Boomen (born 21 July 1995 Eindhoven) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a Defensive midfielder for AFC Ajax reserves team Jong Ajax in the Eerste Divisie.
 Ibrahim Jeilan Gashu (Amharic: ዕብራህም ጅእላን ጋሹ; born 12 June 1989) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who specialises in the 5000 metres and 10000 metres on the track as well as cross country running. He is a former world champion in 10000 metres.After winning silver at the 2005 World Youth Championships he rose to prominence in 2006 by winning the Ethiopian 10000 m title and a gold at the IAAF World Junior Championships in Athletics.
 Joseph M. Breen (born April 23 1897 in Toronto Ontario died October 13 1978 in Toronto Ontario) was a star football player in the Canadian Football League for two seasons for the Toronto Argonauts. Later he coached at the University of Western Ontario and was a referee from 1935 through 1940. He was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 1963 and into the Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 1975.
 Annemarie Părău (born March 8 1984 in Timișoara) is a Romanian professional female basketball player. She is Nigerian descent through her father. As a member of the senior Romanian national basketball team Părău competed at the 2005 EuroBasket also at the 2007 EuroBasket.
 Joseph Vincent Joe Flacco (born January 16 1985) is an American football starting quarterback for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Delaware after transferring from the University of Pittsburgh.
 Edward Stanley Goodland (22 September 1883 – 12 January 1974) played first-class cricket for Somerset in 1908 and 1909. He was born at Taunton Somerset and died at Bristol.Goodland was a member of a prominent Taunton family involved in the coal trade and in bringing coal to the town by water through improvements to the navigation on the River Tone and the Bridgwater and Taunton Canal. The family name is preserved in Taunton in Goodland Gardens a park.
 Lawrence Theodore Larry Savage (born 17 February 1928) is a former New Zealand rugby union player. A half-back Savage represented Canterbury Wellington and Bush at a provincial level and was a member of the New Zealand national side the All Blacks in 1949. He played 12 matches for the All Blacks including three internationals.Savage was educated at Nelson College from 1941 to 1945.
 Heine Strathmann was a German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1930s. He won a gold medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1938 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Vaxholm.
 Philip Kenneth Phil Barnes (born 2 March 1979 in Sheffield South Yorkshire) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Conference North side Gainsborough Trinity.Having started his professional career with Rotherham United in 1996 he first made a name for himself as Blackpool's first choice goalkeeper from 1997 to 2004. He notched up 141 league appearances during his spell with the club which earned him a move to Sheffield United.
 George Bennett (born 7 April 1990) is a New Zealander professional road racing cyclist who currently rides for UCI ProTeam Cannondale.After turning professional in 2012 Bennett competed with the RadioShack-Nissan squad for two seasons before moving to Cannondale in 2014.
 Richard Keith Illingworth (born 23 August 1963) is an English former cricketer who is currently a first-class cricket umpire. The bulk of his domestic cricketing career occurred with Worcestershire although he had a spell with Derbyshire and overseas with Natal. He played in nine Tests and twenty five ODIs for England including participating in the 1992 and 1996 Cricket World Cups.
 Atino Baraniko is an I-Kiribati footballer who plays as a Midfielder. He represents Kiribati at international level.
 Victor António Rafael de Carvalho (born 20 February 1969) is a retired Angolan basketball player. He competed internationally with Angola at the Summer Olympics from 1992-2004. In 14 games he averaged 9 points per game.He is from Luanda.
 Kurt Thomas Busch (born August 4 1978) is an American stock car racing driver. He competes in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driving the No.
 Stéphane Ruffier (French pronunciation: ​[stefan ʁyfje]; born 27 September 1986) is a French football player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for French club Saint-Étienne in Ligue 1. He previously played for Monaco from 2005–2011 serving as the first-choice goalkeeper and captain of the club. Ruffier is also a French international and made his senior debut on 11 August 2010 in a friendly match against Norway.
 Marcel Artelesa born 2 July 1938 is a French former football defender. He played for France in the FIFA World Cup 1966.
 Dmitri Frolov (born August 22 1966) is a retired ice hockey player who played in the Soviet Hockey League. He played for HC Dynamo Moscow and SKA St. Petersburg. He was inducted into the Russian and Soviet Hockey Hall of Fame in 1993.
 Ronald Ron Crutchley (20 June 1922 – 1987) was an English professional footballer.Born in Walsall Crutchley joined Walsall F.C. in 1945 where he gained a reputation as a hard-working defensive wing-half. After 62 appearances in four seasons he joined Shrewsbury Town in 1950.
 Darren Dineen is a hurler from County Kerry. He plays hurling with Kerry and St. Brendan's Ardfert and also plays football with Ardfert. In 2011 he helped Kerry win their first Christy Ring Cup when they beat Wicklow in the final.
 John McGuinness (born 16 April 1972 in Morecambe) is an English professional motorcycle racer. McGuinness races for the Honda Europe factory racing team in road races like the Isle of Man TT and the North West 200 and on the short tracks he rides for the Padgett's Honda Racing Team in the British Superstock 1000 series.
 Ramón Ulises Flores Aguirre (born August 21 1982 in Santa Ana) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays as a Defender for FAS in the Salvadoran Premier League and internationally for El Salvador.
 Nathan Lovett-Murray (born 18 November 1982) is a former Australian rules footballer with the Essendon Football Club.
 Dean Sylvester (born December 30 1972 in Weymouth Massachusetts) is an American former professional ice hockey player. Sylverster was drafted by the San Jose Sharks in the 1993 NHL Supplemental Draft and spent three seasons in the International Hockey League with the Kansas City Blades he also played in the East Coast Hockey League for the Mobile Mysticks.
 David Dave Buckley is a professional rugby league footballer at representative level for Ireland and at club level for York City Knights as a Prop or Second-row.
 Dario Campagna (born 30 January 1988 in Turin) is an Italian professional footballer who currently plays for Lega Pro Prima Divisione team Venezia.
 Kerry Cooper Vuna (born 5 July 1987) is a professional rugby footballer who currently plays for the Melbourne Rebels. He played rugby league for the New Zealand Warriors and Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League competition before switching to rugby union to play Super Rugby for the Melbourne Rebels.
 Luis Antonio Regalado Reyes (b. January 10 1922 – † 2001) was a Salvadoran footballer and coach.
 Žana Jereb (born 17 June 1984 in Kranj) is a Slovenian long-distance runner. She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics placing 88th with a time of 2:42:50.
 Mario Alexander Padilla Aguilar (born 8 December 1985) is a Honduran football defender currently playing for Deportes Savio in the Honduran Liga Nacional.
 Hallowicked (born September 11 1981) is a professional wrestler who performs primarily in the Chikara professional wrestling promotion where he started his career in May 2002. His accomplishments in the promotion include becoming the inaugural Young Lions Cup Champion a one-time Campeon de Parejas and the winner of the 2003 Tag World Grand Prix and 2012 King of Trios tournaments.
 Julio Ramón Aguilar Franco (born 1 July 1986 in La Pastora) is a Paraguayan footballer who currently plays for Club Sol de América. He is a striker.
 Sheldon Aldenbert Larry LeJeune (July 22 1885 in Chicago Illinois – April 21 1952 in Eloise Michigan) was a Major League Baseball outfielder He played parts of two seasons in the majors 1911 for the Brooklyn Dodgers and 1915 for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
 Edeltraud Koch (also Edeltraut; born 13 September 1954) is a retired German swimmer. She won a bronze medal at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships in the 100 m butterfly and a bronze medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics in the 4×100 m medley relay. In the relay West Germany used different swimmers in the preliminaries and in the final; Koch swam in the preliminaries.
 Franz Wimmer (born 25 August 1932) is an Austrian cyclist. He competed at the 1952 and 1956 Summer Olympics.
 Monika Cvernová is a Czech football midfielder. She plays for 1.FC Slovácko in the Czech First Division.She is a member of the Czech national team. Cvernová made her debut for the national team in a match against Slovakia on 20 March 2009.
 Mickaël Barzalona (born 3 August 1991 in Avignon France) is a French-born Thoroughbred horse racing jockey.
 Ivan Reali (born 2 January 1991) is an Italian footballer who plays for Ascoli.
 Yuliya Nikolayevna Kachalova (Russian: Юлия Николаевна Качалова; born December 13 1989 in Moscow) is a Russian sprint canoeist. Kachalova represented Russia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London where she competed only in the women's K-4 500 metres along her teammates Yuliana Salakhova Vera Sobetova and Natalia Podolskaya. Kachalova and her team finished seventh in the final by six thousandths of a second (0.006) behind the Portuguese team (led by Teresa Portela) with a time of 1:33.459.
 Janoris Jenkins (born October 29 1988) is an American football cornerback for the St. Louis Rams of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of North Alabama and previously attended the University of Florida but was dismissed from the team due to misconduct. He was selected in the second round of the 2012 NFL Draft by the Rams.
 Mark Fränk (born 21 June 1977 in Neustrelitz) is a javelin thrower from Germany. His personal best throw is 84.88 metres achieved in September 2005 in Berlin.
 Solomon Melkamu Andargachew (am፡ሰሎሞን መልካሙ አንዳርጋቸው born 28 October 1981 in Ethiopia) is an Ethiopian football defender. He currently plays for Al Sha'ab Ibb.
 Stuart Gauld (born 26 March 1964 in Edinburgh Scotland) is a former Scottish footballer who played as both a full back and a center back.During his career Gauld played for Salvesen Boys Club Hearts Derry City FC St.
 Frank Walkinshaw (28 February 1861 – 14 July 1934) was an English cricketer. Walkinshaw played primarily as a wicketkeeper.Walkinshaw represented Hampshire in three first-class matches in 1885 which was Hampshire's final season with first-class status until the 1895 County Championship. Walkinshaw's debut for the county came against Surrey County Cricket Club with his second match against the Marylebone Cricket Club and his final first-class match coming against Derbyshire.
 Hugo Mario Lepe Gajardo (born 14 April 1940) is a Chilean football defender who played for Chile in the 1962 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Club Universidad de Chile.
 Mark Stevens (born 25 October 1975) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League. Stevens debuted at the North Melbourne Football Club in 1995 and his preferred position was centre half-forward. Stevens struggled with the pace of AFL football in his early years at the Kangaroos.
 Anthony Caldwell (born 21 March 1958 in Salford) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a forward.
 Christopher Chris Cadden (born 19 September 1996) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Scottish Premiership club Motherwell. Cadden is a product of the Motherwell Academy.On 1 March 2014 Cadden made his debut for Motherwell as a substitute in a 4-1 win against Hearts.
 José Barros Silva also known as Zé Piguita (born on December 26 1973 in Cape Verde) is a retired Cape Verdean footballer who was last a defender for Al Shamal.
 Tiina Saario (born 15 January 1982) is a Finnish football midfielder. She plays club football for Åland United in the Naisten Liiga and represents the Finland women's national football team.
 Benjamin Walter Bellamy (born 22 April 1891 in Wollaston Northamptonshire England) was a professional cricketer who spent his entire career at Northamptonshire. His career spanned 16 years retiring in 1935 by which time he had played 351 first-class matches but returning in a crisis for two games two seasons later. Benjamin Bellamy died in Wellingborough in his home county on 22 December 1985 aged 94.
 Charles Gordon Rowe (30 June 1915 Glasgow Scotland – 9 June 1995 Palmerston North Manawatu) was a New Zealand cricketer who played in one Test in 1946 against Australia. A middle-order batsman he made his debut in 1944-45 and had played six first-class matches for Wellington before the Test making 324 runs at an average of 27.00 with a top score of 72 earlier in the 1945-46 season against Otago in Wellington.
 Landry Zahana-Oni (born 8 August 1976 in Abidjan Côte d'Ivoire) is a retired Ivorian professional footballer who played as a striker for Luton Town in the Football League.
 Jajang Mulyana (born 23 October 1988) is an Indonesia football player. He plays in Indonesia for Mitra Kukar. He started his career with Persib Bandung then signed with Pelita Jaya.
 Nick Spaling (born September 19 1988) is a Canadian ice hockey player currently playing for the Nashville Predators in the National Hockey League. He previously played three seasons with the Kitchener Rangers of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). He shoots left and plays centre position. His favourite players are Joe Sakic and Doug Gilmour and he was a fan of the Toronto Maple Leafs growing up.
 Goran Dasović (born 31 August 1975) is a Croatian retired football player.Born in Brčko SR Bosnia and Herzegovina SFR Yugoslavia he started his career playing in Serbia in the youth team of FK Vojvodina and in 1996 moved to Croatia where he became senior and represented a number of clubs namely NK Varteks NK Čakovec and NK Zagreb before moving to Slovenia to join NK Olimpija Ljubljana. Leaving for Russia he would go on to play four seasons with FC Fakel-Voronezh Voronezh.
 Geisa Aparecida Muniz Coutinho (born 1 June 1980) is a Brazilian track and field athlete who competes in the 400 metres sprint. She represented Brazil at the 2004 Summer Olympics and at the 2012 Summer Olympics and is a four-time participant of the World Championships in Athletics (2003 2005 2009 and 2011).
 Robert Virgil Swift (March 6 1915 – October 17 1966) was an American catcher coach manager and scout in Major League Baseball. Swift is pictured in one of the most famous photographs in American sporting history. He was the catcher for the Detroit Tigers on August 19 1951 when St. Louis Browns owner Bill Veeck sent midget Eddie Gaedel to pinch hit during an actual MLB game.
 Chad La Tourette (born October 7 1988 in Livermore California) is an American distance swimmer. La Tourette is a six-time medalist (three golds three silvers) at the World University Games and two-time silver medalist at the Pan Pacific Swimming Championships.
 Kirill Andreyevich Voronshchikov (Russian: Кирилл Андреевич Воронщиков; born June 30 1991) is a football forward who plays for FC Energiya Volzhsky.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Sokol Saratov on June 23 2011 in a game against FC Lokomotiv Liski.
 Jiří Polák (born August 10 1977) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing in Slovakia with HK Nitra of the Slovak Extraliga. He has also played 468 games in the Czech Extraliga.
 Jason Warner (born c. 1985) is a hardware store worker who won a World Series of Poker bracelet in the 2007 $1500 No-Limit Hold'em short handed. Warner does not like playing poker online preferring to play at the River Rock Casino near Vancouver. Prior to winning his bracelet he participated in one other WSOP event and a Canadian Poker Tour event where he won $22000. After winning a bracelet at the WSOP he finished in the money at World Poker Tour's $10000 Bellagio Cup III tournament.
 Bruno Fitoussi (born September 21 1958) is a French professional poker player from Paris.Fitoussi's first televised poker outing was on the original poker show Late Night Poker. He finished 7th in his heat which also featured Surinder Sunar Peter The Bandit Evans and Donnacha O'Dea.In 2001 Fitoussi won the World Heads-Up Poker Championship defeating Amarillo Slim in the Grand Final.In 2003 Fitoussi finished in 8th place in the first World Poker Tour (WPT) Championship.
 Takahiro Yamaguchi (山口 貴弘 Yamaguchi Takahiro born May 8 1984 in Tokyo) is a Japanese footballer who plays for V-Varen Nagasaki in the J. League Division 2 on loan from Shonan Bellmare.
 Brahim Asloum (Arabic: إبراهيم اسلوم) born January 31 1979 in Bourgoin-Jallieu Isère) is a French boxer. He won the Light Flyweight Gold medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics.Asloum is the former WBA light flyweight world champion.
 Wolfgang Blochwitz (8 February 1941 – 8 May 2005) was a football goalkeeper from East Germany.
 Michael Curtis Waltrip (born April 30 1963) is a professional race car driver co-owner of Michael Waltrip Racing racing commentator and published author. He is the younger brother of three-time NASCAR champion and racing commentator Darrell Waltrip. Waltrip is a two-time winner of the Daytona 500; having won the race in 2001 and 2003. He is also a pre-race analyst for NASCAR on FOX. He currently drives the No.
 Valentine Arthur Delory (born February 14 1927) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who played in one National Hockey League game for the New York Rangers during the 1948–49 NHL season.
 Luke Alexander Potter (born 17 July 1989) is a retired English footballer who last played for Barnsley as a defender.
 Natalia Shlyapina born Mokshanova is a Russian football forward currently playing for Rossiyanka in the Russian Championship. Before signing for Rossiyanka in 2005 she was a mini football and futsal player.She is a member of the Russian national team.
 Daniel Danny Jacobs (born 25 June 1980) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Essendon and Hawthorn Football Clubs in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 Charles Henry Scherza (February 15 1923 – March 16 2014) was a professional ice hockey player who played 11 seasons in the American Hockey League winning a Calder Cup championship with the Providence Reds in 1949. He was born in Brandon Manitoba and died on March 16 2014 at the age of 91.
 Myroslav Pavlovych Reshko (Ukrainian: Мирослав Павлович Решко; born 18 August 1970 in Mukachevo) is a Ukrainian football player who played for BVSC Budapest.
 Tremain Mack (born November 21 1974) also known as T-Mack is a retired professional American football player in the National Football League. He played four years for the Cincinnati Bengals primarily as a special teams kick returner. In 1998 he finished second in the AFC with 1165 yards on 45 returns. He was later selected to the 1999 Pro Bowl.Mack retired as the Bengals all time leader in kick return yards with 3583.
 Modere Fernand Mud Bruneteau (November 28 1914 in St. Boniface Manitoba – April 15 1982 in Houston Texas) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played for the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League. He played in many NHL games with his brother Ed Bruneteau and later coached him on the Omaha Knights.Bruneteau is famous for ending the longest game in NHL playoff history.
 Adrián Mouriño Fernández (born 1 February 1988) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for UE Sant Andreu as a midfielder.
 Viktor Klimenko (born February 25 1949) is a former Soviet gymnast and Olympic champion.
 Herbert Waddell (19 September 1902 – 5 January 1988) was a Scottish rugby union fly-half who played club rugby for Glasgow Academicals and international rugby for Scotland and the British Isles. Waddell was heavily involved with the invitational tourist team the Barbarians not only playing for the club but also became the fifth president of the club in 1973
 Moses Powell (1941–2005) also known as Master Musa Muhammad was an American pioneer of martial arts in the United States. He was born in Norfolk Virginia. He held the rank of 10th degree black belt and was famous for his one finger forward roll. Moses Powell was the first martial artist invited to perform a demonstration in front of the United Nations. One of the first African Americans to instruct the DEA FBI and the Secret Service in martial arts.
 Alexis Gavrilopoulos (born 12 July 1981 in Gastouni Greece) is a football striker currently playing for Veria in Beta Ethniki.He is considered to be one of the most powerful and physically gifted footballers in whole Greece as his body composition and muscle built are truly impressive.
 Kevin Randall Clark (born June 8 1964 in Sacramento California) is a former professional American football defensive back and return specialist who played four seasons for the Denver Broncos in the National Football League. He played college football at San Jose State.
 Gorazd Hiti (born August 12 1948 in Jesenice Yugoslavia) is a retired Slovenian professional ice hockey player.
 Admir Raščić (Chinese: 拉斯錫; born 16 September 1981) is a Bosnian football player who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Sun Pegasus as a centre forward.
 Clinton Renard Mikki Moore (pronounced MY-key; born November 4 1975) is an American professional basketball player.
 Lisa Aitken (born 16 February 1990 in Dundee) is a professional squash player who represents England. She reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 38 in December 2012.Lisa is currently sponsored by Dunlop who provide her with all the equipment she needs to compete. EDGE Gyms (West Park Leeds) (www.edgegyms.co.uk) plays a vital role in Lisa's day to day training.
 Selçuk Alibaz (born 3 December 1989) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Karlsruher SC in an attacking midfielder position. The German born Alibaz earned his sole cap in the Turkish Süper Lig with Eskişehirspor on 26 April 2009 in a match against Trabzonspor before being loaned out to third tier club Afyonkarahisarspor and eventually returning to Germany.
 Joe Kowalewski (born November 15 1982 in Syracuse New York) is an American football fullback who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent in 2006. He played college football at Syracuse.Kowalewski has also been a member of the Miami Dolphins.
 Xie Yan-ze (born 11 January 1984) (pronounced Zee Yan-zay) is a former Chinese professional tennis player. She has 11 ITF Women's Circuit titles and has taken part in many WTA Tour events. Xie's career high singles ranking is no.184 achieved on 7 Jun '04 and her career high doubles ranking is no.149 achieved on the 27 Sep '04. In 2005 Xie along with fellow Chinese Peng Shuai reached the semi-finals at Guangzhou losing to eventual finalists Neha Uberoi and Shikha Uberoi.
 Sidney Alfred Cope (12 August 1904 – 14 April 1986) was an English cricketer. Cope was a left-handed batsman who bowled left-arm fast. He was born at Hastings Sussex.Cope made a single first-class appearance for Kent against Gloucestershire in the 1924 County Championship at Mote Park Maidstone. Gloucestershire won the toss and elected to bat first making 213 all out with Cope taking the wicket of Gloucestershire captain Douglas Robinson to finish with figures of 1/27 from seven overs.
 Rob Elder (born 25 April 1981 in Suva) is an athlete from Fiji. He competes in archery.Elder competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in men's individual archery. He was defeated in the first round of elimination placing 48th overall. He also qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's individual archery coming 63 in the ranking round before almost pulling off a shock comeback over Korean Kim Bub-Min (who had earlier won a bronze in the team event).
 Robbie Kelleher (born 14 February 1984 in Cork) is a League of Ireland footballer.He originally transferred to Limerick from junior club Fairview Rangers in 2005. He made 62 league appearances over the following two seasons and scored eight league goals before leaving the club to sign for Shamrock Rovers on 27 January 2007.
 Benjamin Lüthi (born 30 November 1988 Switzerland) is a Swiss professional footballer who currently plays as a right back/midfielder for FC Thun in the Swiss Super League.
 Bruno Giuseppe Fratus (born June 22 1989 in Macaé Rio de Janeiro Brazil) is a Brazilian swimmer who placed fourth in 50-metre freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.At the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Irvine USA Fratus made his first major involvement in an international tournament finishing 4th in 50-metre freestyle with a time of 21.93 seconds.
 Jiro Hiratsuka (born December 2 1979) is a former Japanese football player.
 Naim Dhifallah (born April 12 1982) is a Tunisian basketball player currently playing for Egypt Assurance in the Egyptian Basketball League after playing for Tunisia's Club Africain for the first six years of his career.Hdidane is a member of the Tunisia national basketball team that finished third at the 2009 FIBA Africa Championship to qualify for the country's first FIBA World Championship.
 Anastasios Soulis Markopoulos (Greek: Ἀναστάσιος Σούλης Μαρκόπουλος; born March 1 1949) is a former Greek professional basketball player and a current professional basketball coach.
 Christiane Pilz (born August 3 1975 in Karl-Marx-Stadt Saxony) is a triathlete from Germany who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.Pilz started out both as a sailor and a swimmer for thirteen years until she began with her triathlon career at the age of twenty. In 1997 she was admitted to the club PSV Rostock and won several titles at the national championships for both triathlon and duathlon.
 Arthur Lee Malone (March 20 1948 – July 27 2012) is a former professional American football running back in the National Football League for seven seasons for the Atlanta Falcons and Philadelphia Eagles. He played college football at Arizona State University and was drafted in the second round of the 1970 NFL Draft.He is the brother of Benny Malone.
 Kito Poblah (born September 18 1987 in Montreal Quebec) is a Canadian football wide receiver for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League. Poblah didn't qualify for non-import status until after the 2011 CFL Draft and as such was only eligible to be taken in the 2011 supplemental draft. He was drafted by the Blue Bombers with the team forfeiting a first-round 2012 CFL Draft pick to do so and signed a contract with the team on June 4 2011.
 Samir Abdulov (born 8 May 1987) is an Azerbaijani footballer currently playing for Yuksak Liqa club FK Simurq Zaqatala as a striker.
 Fergal Devitt (born 25 July 1981) is an Irish professional wrestler better known by the ring name Prince Devitt. He is best known for working for New Japan Pro Wrestling where he is a former three-time IWGP Junior Heavyweight Champion and six-time IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Champion having held the title twice with Minoru and four times with Ryusuke Taguchi. He is also a two-time winner of the Best of the Super Juniors tournament having won it in 2010 and 2013.
 Celsiney Ribeiro Pessoa (born 9 September 1981) commonly known as Ney Mineiro is a Brazilian footballer. He currently plays for São Bernardo in Brazil.
 Pedro Sebastián Larrea Arellano (born May 21 1986 in Loja) is an Ecuadorian footballer. He currently plays for LDU Loja.
 Kris Clack (born July 6 1977) is an American professional basketball player formerly for the University of Texas. During his college career he scored 1592 points and grabbed 771 rebounds. He was the first McDonald's High School All-American in school history. He entered the 1999 NBA Draft and was picked 55th overall by the Boston Celtics but he never signed with an NBA team.
 Francisco José Nicolás González (born 6 November 1988) commonly known as Nico is a Spanish footballer who plays for Ontinyent CF as a winger.
 Stephen C. Gregory (born January 8 1983) is an American football defensive back who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent in 2006. He played college football at Syracuse.
 Adam Cannata Emmenecker (born December 3 1985) is an American basketball player who completed his college career as a point guard at Drake University in Des Moines Iowa in 2008.
 Warwick Tecklenburg is a South African rugby union player currently playing with the MTN Lions. His usual position is flanker.
 Guillermo Eduardo Clemens Antelo (born 26 November 1988) is a Mexican footballer who plays as forward for Club Celaya.
 Douglas Leon Atkins (born May 8 1930 in Humboldt Tennessee) is a former American football defensive end who played for the Cleveland Browns Chicago Bears and New Orleans Saints in the National Football League. He played college football at the University of Tennessee under legendary head coach Robert Neyland. He is a member of the College Football Hall of Fame and the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
 Iban Mayo Diez (born August 19 1977 in Igorre Basque Country Spain) is a former professional road bicycle racer.
 Svetlana Anatolyevna Boiko (Russian: Светлана Анатольевна Бойко) (born 13 April 1972 in Rostov-on-Don) is a Russian foil fencer.Boiko won the gold medal in the foil team event at the 2006 World Fencing Championships after beating Italy in the final.
 Allan Maher (born 21 July 1950) is an Australian former football (soccer) goalkeeper who was part of Australia's squad for the 1974 FIFA World Cup.
 Kevin Brown (born 2 October 1984) is an English professional rugby league footballer for Widnes of Super League. Previously Huddersfield's captain Kevin is an England international representative at centre or stand-off half he previously played for Wigan.Former Thatto Heath Crusaders Haydock Warriors Pilkington Recs and Blackbrook youngster Kevin Brown played for Wigan's academy in 2002 and 2003.
 Corey A. Black (born January 11 1969 in Westminster California) is a retired Champion jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing.Born in Westminster California Black won his first race as a professional apprentice jockey on October 16 1985 during the Oak Tree Racing Association meet at Santa Anita Park. A Champion that year he led all apprentice jockeys in United States racing in purse money won.
 Tadas Rimkevičius (born 1981) is a heavyweight Lithuanian mixed martial artist from Kaunas.
 Tomasz Wygonik is a retired Polish association football defender who played professionally in Poland and the United States.Wygonik played two games for Wisła Kraków during the 1988-1989 season. In 1997 and 1998 Wygonik played for the Central Jersey Riptide of the USISL D-3 Pro League. On February 7 1999 the Chicago Fire selected Wygonik in the first round (twelfth overall) of the 1999 MLS Supplemental Draft.
 Ricky Schramm (born October 26 1985) is a former American soccer striker.
 Gerard William Hodgkinson OBE MC (19 February 1883 – 6 October 1960) played first-class cricket for Somerset between 1904 and 1911. He was born at Clifton Bristol and died at Wookey Hole Somerset. He was also the plaintiff in a celebrated literary libel case in the 1930s and a decorated soldier and airman who saw service in both the First and Second World Wars.
 Shozo Saijo (西城 正三 born January 28 1947) is a former professional boxer from Saitama Japan. He is a former WBA featherweight champion.
 Vernon Michael Wells III (born December 8 1978) is an American professional baseball outfielder who is a free agent. He has played in MLB for the Toronto Blue Jays the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim and the New York Yankees.Wells has appeared on three All-Star teams in his career been awarded three Gold Glove Awards and one Silver Slugger Award. He is second all time for the Blue Jays in career hits home runs doubles runs RBI and total bases.
 Shogo Nakai (中井 昇吾 born June 19 1984) is a former Japanese football player.
 Brooks Calbert Robinson Jr. (born May 18 1937) is an American former professional baseball player. He played his entire 23-year major league career for the Baltimore Orioles (1955–1977). He batted and threw right-handed in spite of the fact he was a natural left-hander. Nicknamed The Human Vacuum Cleaner he is generally acclaimed as the greatest defensive third-baseman in major league history.
 Adrian Mark Cade (born 23 September 1961) is a former English cricketer. Cade was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born at Peterborough Cambridgeshire.Cade made his debut in county cricket in the 1990 Minor Counties Championship for Cambridgshire against Suffolk. From 1990 to 1992 he represented the county in 17 Minor Counties Championship matches.In 1991 he made his List-A debut for Cambridgeshire against Kent in the 1st round of the 1991 NatWest Trophy.
 Cinnamon June Chaney (born 10 January 1969) is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.Chaney made her Football Ferns debut in a 0–0 draw with a Hawaii select VII on 12 December 1987 and ended her international career with 29 caps and 2 goals to her credit.Chaney represented New Zealand at the Women's World Cup finals in China in 1991 playing 2 group games; a 0–3 loss to Denmark and a 0–4 loss to Norway.
 Darryl James Westlake (born 1 March 1991) is a footballer who plays as a defender for Mansfield Town on loan from Sheffield United. Born in Sutton Coldfield England he began his career with Walsall where he spent three seasons before moving to United.
 Alex Sherman (born January 21 1984) is a Moldovan-born professional wrestler better known by the ring name Alex Koslov. Koslov has mainly worked in Mexico from 2005 until 2008 for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) but in October 2008 he made a surprise jump to rival promotion Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA) where he worked until October 2010.
 Donald John Gross (born June 30 1931 at Weidman Michigan) is a retired American baseball player whose 13-year professional career (1950–1952; 1954–1963) included all or parts of six seasons of Major League Baseball with the Cincinnati Redlegs (1955–1957) and Pittsburgh Pirates (1958–1960). A left-handed pitcher Gross stood 5 feet 11 inches (1.80 m) tall and weighed 186 pounds (84 kg).
 Johannes Dürr (born 12 March 1987) is an Austrian cross-country skier. He has competed in FIS Cross-Country World Cup since 2011. His best result at the Tour de Ski is 3rd place in season 2013–14. Dürr has won several medals at the World Cup events.During the 2014 Winter Olympics Dürr tested positive for EPO.
 Alessandro Zoppetti (born 28 March 1979 in Casalpusterlengo) is an Italian football defender who currently plays for Giulianova.Zoppetti came through the ranks of Cremonese as a teenager where he was snapped up by Reggina. He failed to establish himself with the amaranto and was subsequently sent out on loan to several Serie B clubs.He signed a 3-year contract with Pescara in 2005.
 John Cusack was an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Waterford senior team.Cusack after an uneventful underage career played for the senior team throughout the 1940s and the 1950s. During that time he won one All-Ireland medal and one Munster medal.At club level Cusack played with Rathgormack.
 César Martín Villar simply César (born 3 April 1977) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.Over the course of 13 seasons he appeared in 200 La Liga games namely in representation of Oviedo and Deportivo after which he had a six-month spell in England with Bolton.A Spanish international during five years César appeared in Euro 2004.
 Joseph Michael Riley (born 13 October 1991) is an English footballer who plays for Bolton Wanderers as a right back.
 Eva Kubešová (born 14 October 1994 in Mělník) is a Czech football Defender currently playing for Sparta Praha in the Czech First Division.She is an Under 19 international.
 Garrett Andrew Olson (born October 18 1983) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is currently a free agent.
 Torkil Nielsen /ˈtʰɔɹ̥tʃɪl ˈnɪlsɛn/ (born 26 January 1964) is a former Faroese football midfielder. He is also one of the Faroe Islands' best chess players.
 Eric Andrew Naposki (born December 20 1966) is a convicted murderer serving life in prison without parole. He was formerly an American football player who played in the National Football League and World League of American Football between 1988 and 1997. He played two seasons with the New England Patriots one season with the Indianapolis Colts and four seasons with the Barcelona Dragons winning World Bowl V in his last season.
 David Odonkor (German pronunciation: [ˈdeːvɪd ʔoˈdɔŋkoːɐ̯]; born 21 February 1984) is a German former professional footballer and current co-manager of SC Verl.He started playing professionally not yet in his 20s with Borussia Dortmund appearing in nearly 100 official matches. In the later part of his career spent with Real Betis he was plagued by constant injuries.Odonkor appeared with the German national team in one World Cup and one European Championship.
 Henry Harry Hampton (1888 – 3 August 1946) was an Irish international footballer who played professionally in Scotland and England as a half back.
 Brian Pothier (born April 15 1977) is an American professional ice hockey player. Pothier played in the National Hockey League (NHL) from 2000 until 2010. He is currently playing in the Swiss National League for Geneve Servette.
 Carlos Sastre Candil (pronounced: [ˈkaɾ.los ˈsas.tɾe ˈkandil]; born 22 April 1975) is a former Spanish professional road bicycle racer and winner of the 2008 Tour de France. He consistently achieved great results in the Vuelta a España and equally good showings in the Tour de France. Sastre established himself as a strong and stable climbing specialist and after working to improve his individual time trial skills he became a contender for the top GC spots in the Grand Tours.
 Peter Czupryna is a former West German slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s. He won two medals in the C-2 event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a gold in 1979 and a silver in 1981.
 Yaroslav Vladimirovich Tyurikov (Russian: Ярослав Владимирович Тюриков; born November 16 1994) is a Russian football midfielder who currently plays for FC Zenit-Izhevsk Izhevsk.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Zenit-Izhevsk Izhevsk on May 6 2012 in a game against FC Volga Ulyanovsk.
 Thierry Zahui (born 22 October 1987) is an Ivorian footballer currectly playing for Swedish side Assyriska BK. He also played for Chicago Fire Reserves in 2010.
 Darcy Dolce Neto or simply Neto (born February 7 1981 in São José do Rio Preto) is a Brazilian football right-back. He currently plays for Esporte Clube Bahia. At Aris firstly he was signed by Aris Thessaloniki for three years. His contract was expiring in June 2010 before its eventual extension for another 3 years.
 Lauren Walker is an English female footballer who usually plays at either left-back or left midfield. She currently plays for Blackburn Rovers Ladies. She hails from Birches Head Staffordshire.
 Paul Jason Warwick (29 January 1969 in Alresford Hampshire England – 21 July 1991 at Oulton Park race circuit Cheshire) was an English racing driver.
 Osamu Ota (太田 治; born Akitai 23 March 1965) is a former Japanese rugby union player and a coach. He played as a prop.
 Michael Allen Bantom (born December 3 1951) is an American former professional basketball player.A 6'9 power forward/center from Saint Joseph's University Bantom won a silver medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics as a member of the United States national basketball team who lost a controversial final game to the Soviet Union.
 Michael Anthony John Seager (born 8 December 1947) is a former Zimbabwean cricketer. Seager was a left-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born at Salisbury Southern Rhodesia (today Harare Zimbabwe).Seager made his debut in English county cricket for Berkshire in the 1969 Minor Counties Championship against Dorset. He played Minor counties cricket for Berkshire in 1969 and 1970 seasons making a total of ten appearances.
 Tove Goltermann Søby (née Nielsen born January 23 1933) is a Danish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1950s. She won a bronze medal in the K-1 500 m event at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.She was born in Copenhagen.
 Brandon Hogan (born April 1 1988) is an American football player who is currently a member of the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. He started at cornerback at West Virginia University.
 Michael Thomas Furrey (/fəˈriː/; born May 12 1977) is a former American football wide receiver and safety who played in the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the Indianapolis Colts as an undrafted free agent in 2000. He played college football at Northern Iowa and Ohio State University.Furrey was also a member of the New York Dragons Las Vegas Outlaws St. Louis Rams Detroit Lions Cleveland Browns and Washington Redskins.
 Don 'The Snake' Prudhomme (born April 6 1941 San Fernando California) is an American drag racer.
 Ebrahim Taghipour (born September 23 1976 in Tabriz Iran) is a retired Iranian football player who previously played for Zob Ahan Persepolis Esteghlal and also Iran national football team.
 Roberto Antonioli (born c. 1922 (age 91–92)) is an Italian rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1940s and 1950s playing club level rugby union (RU) for R.S. Ginnastica Torino and playing representative level rugby league (RL) for Italy and at club level for Torino XIII as a Prop or Loose forward/Lock i.e. number 8 or 10 or 13 during the era of contested scrums.
 Shirley P. Cy Wentworth (January 2 1904 – January 19 1986) was a professional football player who spent three seasons in the National Football League with the Providence Steam Roller in 1925 and 1926 and with the Boston Bulldogs in 1929. Prior to joining the NFL Fleming played college football at the University of New Hampshire. While at UNH Cy compiled 166 points kicking field goals extra points and scoring touchdowns.
 Willie KO McGee was a highly touted amateur boxer from Miami Florida who at one point had a 19-1-0 (17 knockouts) boxing record.
 Lee Jonathan Beevers (born 4 December 1983) is a footballer who plays for Mansfield Town as a midfielder. He previously had spells with Walsall Ipswich Town Boston United Lincoln City and Colchester United.
 Laynce Michael Nix (born October 30 1980) is an American professional baseball outfielder. A free agent Nix has played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Texas Rangers Milwaukee Brewers Cincinnati Reds Washington Nationals and Philadelphia Phillies. Nix can play all three outfield positions as well as first base but is officially listed as a leftfielder by ESPN. His younger brother Jayson Nix also plays in MLB.
 Emer O'Farrell born 1982 in Cork is a camogie player and a marketing executive winner of All Ireland camogie medals in 2008 and 2009 and a camogie All Star nominee in 2008. Cork's leading goalscorer in 2009 is the holder of All-Ireland Junior and Senior medals and also won National Junior and Senior League and provincial honours. Was a member of the Cork IT team that won the Purcell Cup in 2001. Holds Munster championship medals at Senior Intermediate and Junior.
 Marina Seeh (Serbian Cyrillic: Марина Сех; born July 31 1986 in Bergisch Gladbach) is a Serbian figure skater. She is a two-time (2010–2011) Serbian national champion.
 Yukio Iketani (池谷 幸雄 Iketani Yukio) (born September 26 1970) is a Japanese gymnast and Olympic medalist.
 Dinny Lowry (born 1935) is an Irish former soccer player. Lowry played for St Patrick's Athletic F.C. Bohemians and Sligo Rovers in the League of Ireland. He played one match for Republic of Ireland.
 Jimmy Caskie (30 January 1914 – 1977) was a Scottish footballer who played for St. Johnstone Everton Hibernian (wartime guest) Rangers Forfar Athletic and Berwick Rangers. Caskie represented Scotland in several unofficial wartime internationals. He also represented the Scottish League XI three times one of which was during the war.
 Justin Jennings (born October 29 1992) is an American stock car racing driver. He currently drives the No. 63 Chevrolet Silverado/Ford F-150 for MB Motorsports in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series. Previously he had competed in the Nationwide Series along with the ARCA Racing Series.
 Khaled Afarah (Arabic: خالد عفارة) (born 21 January 1974) is a Yemeni football Defender and Club Al-Tilal.
 Seth Michael Etherton (born October 17 1976 in Laguna Beach California) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Etherton last played in the majors for the Kansas City Royals in 2006.
 Fata Sini (born December 24 1966) is a Samoan rugby footballer who has played professional rugby league and international rugby union. His first break was in 1995 when he signed for the Salford City Reds. He also represented his country Samoa playing fly half. He became an instant favourite at The Willows with a style of running and a tackling technique that was compared to a bull charging a matador. He played for Samoa in the 1995 RU World Cup and his most recently against England.
 Jeffrey Jeff Grayshon MBE ( (1949-03-04) 4 March 1949) born in Spen Valley district is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s '80s and '90s and coach of the 1990s playing at representative level for Great Britain and England and at club level for Dewsbury Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks Bradford Leeds Featherstone Rovers and Batley as a Prop or Second-row i.e. number 8 or 10 or 11 or 12 during the era of contested scrums and coaching at club level for Batley.
 John Price (born John Sidney Ernest Price 22 July 1937 Harrow Middlesex England) is a former English cricketer who played in fifteen Tests for England from 1964 to 1972.Distinctive for his extremely long angled run up and elaborate though graceful upright bowling action Price could bowl outswingers at genuine pace but his international career was hampered by a succession of injuries. He possessed an excellent arm in the deep but seldom troubled the opposition with a bat in his hand.
 Henry Joseph Shindika (born 3 November 1985 in Mwanza) is a Tanzanian footballer. He currently plays for Kongsvinger.
 Luke Erickson (born December 24 1982 in Roseau Minnesota) is an American ice hockey Center currently playing for the Arizona Sundogs of the CHL.
 Marina Vukčević (born 24 August 1993 in Podgorica Montenegro FR Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin team handball goalkeeper who plays for ŽRK Budućnost and is also member of the Montenegrin national team.
 Moanes Dabour (born 14 May 1992) also known as Munas Dabbur is an Arab-Israeli professional footballer who plays for Grasshopper and for Israel National Under-21 as a Striker.
 Charles R. Bennett (born 1882) was an English footballer. He played professionally for Blackpool and Bradford City in what was a short career.After beginning his career with Fleetwood Amateurs in the early 20th century he joined nearby Blackpool in 1903. He made thirty Football League appearances for the Seasiders during 1903–04 scoring nine goals. He made his debut in the opening game of the campaign a 3–0 defeat at Woolwich Arsenal on 5 September.
 Deena Michelle Kastor (born Deena Michelle Drossin on February 14 1973) is an American long-distance runner. She holds American records in the marathon half-marathon and numerous road distances. She won the bronze medal in the women's marathon at the 2004 Olympics in Athens Greece. She is also an eight-time national champion in cross country.
 Javier Prado Valaguez is a retired Mexican Luchador or professional wrestler best known under the ring name Chamaco Valaguez (Spanish for Kid Valaguez). Valaquez also wrestle as the enmascarado (masked) character Platino the original version until 1991 when someone else took over the character. Valaquez' two sons are also professional wrestlers working under the names Apolo Valaquez and Nosferatu.
 Brendan John Guest (born 19 December 1958) is an English former professional footballer who made 104 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City as a right back. With Forest Green Rovers he won the 1982 FA Vase.
 Pierre-Ambroise Bosse (born 11 May 1992 in Nantes) is a French athlete competing in middle distances. His personal outdoor best is 1:43.76 set in Monaco on 19 Jul 2013.Bossé won the bronze medal at the 2012 European Championships in Helsinki at the 800 metres event.
 Gerardo Masini (born December 31 1982 in Cipolletti) is an Argentine professional football player. Currently he plays in Serie D for Ischia Isolaverde. He also holds Italian citizenship.He played on the professional level in Lega Pro Prima Divisione for Salernitana Calcio 1919 and Potenza S.C. and in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione for Cassino.In September 2010 he was signed by Serie D club Luco Canistro.
 Diego Caccia (born 31 July 1981) is an Italian racing cyclist.
 Liam Michael Feeney-Howard (born 21 January 1987) is an English footballer who plays for Blackburn as a midfielder.
 Jarkko Juhani Kinnunen (born 19 January 1984 in Jalasjärvi) is a Finnish race walker. His trainer is Kari Ahonen since 1999.
 Anon Nanok (Thai อานนท์ นานอก born March 30 1983) is a football Defender from Thailand. He also was a former player in Thailand national team who scored 1 goal for the national team. He currently plays forChiangrai United in the Thai Premier League.
 Sinali Latu (born in Tonga in 1965) is a retired Tongan-Japanese rugby union player. He played in Japan for Sanyo and also played for the Japan national rugby union team. Now he coaches the Daito Bunka University rugby team.Viliami Sinali Latu played for Tonga's national side while attending Tonga College at the age of 19.
 Greg Etafia (born 30 September 1982) is a Nigerian football goalkeeper who plays for South African Premier Soccer League club Moroka Swallows and Nigeria.
 Reginald Hubert Potts (3 January 1892 – 1968) was a British gymnast who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.He was on the British team which won the bronze medal in the gymnastics men's team European system event in 1912. In the individual all-around competition he finished 32nd.
 Denys Miroshnichenko (Ukrainian: Денис Андрійович Мірошніченко; born 11 October 1994 in Kryvyi Rih Dnipropetrovsk Oblast in the Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for club FC Karpaty Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League.Miroshnichenko is the product of the FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih School System. He made his debut for FC Kryvbas entering as a second-half substitute against FC Dynamo Kyiv on 3 March 2013 in Ukrainian Premier League.
 Cha Seung Baek /ˌtʃaʊ ˌsʌŋ ˈbɛk/ (Korean: 백차승 [pɛk tɕʰasʰɯŋ]; born May 29 1980) is a Pacific League pitcher who is currently a member of the Orix Buffaloes. Baek graduated from Busan High School Busan South Korea in 1998. He was signed by the Seattle Mariners as an amateur free agent on September 25 1998.
 Darius Earvin Johnson-Odom (born September 28 1989) is an American professional basketball player.Johnson-Odom was born in Raleigh North Carolina. In 2009 he transferred to Marquette University from Hutchinson Community College. As a senior Johnson-Odom was named to the Preseason All-Big East First Team.
 Casey J. Printers (born May 16 1981) is a professional American football Canadian football and indoor football quarterback who is currently a free agent. Printers has spent most of his professional career with the BC Lions in the Canadian Football League and has also played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and the Kansas City Chiefs.
 Don Taylor (born 24 June 1920) was an Australian rules footballer who played for South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1940s. He also played with West Adelaide and Glenelg in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).The son of John Taylor Sr. who played 56 games for SANFL club Port Adelaide from 1915 to 1923 Taylor along with his brothers John Jnr. and Laurie began his career at West Adelaide and finished it at Glenelg.
 Albert Thoroughgood Buick (17 January 1875 – 25 March 1948) was a Scottish footballer who played with Arbroath Heart of Midlothian and Portsmouth.Born in Arbroath Buick started his career with home-town Arbroath F.C. where he stayed until 1896. In July of that year he joined Hearts answering an advertisement from the then reigning Scottish Cup holders. He appeared infrequently as Hearts won the 1896-97 League title but became a more regular player the following season.
 Brooke Stockham (born 20 April 1982) is an Australian Paralympic swimmer. She was born in Townsville. She won three bronze medals at the 2000 Sydney Games in the Women's 100 m Breaststroke SB8 Women's 200 m Medley SM8 and Women's 4x100 m Medley 34 pts events. At the 2004 Summer Paralympics she won another bronze medal in the Women's 4x100 m Medley 34 pts event.
 Han Chao (Chinese: 韩超; born 31 January 1989 in Luoyang Henan) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Henan Jianye.
 Chris Jones (born 18 April 1956 in Jersey) is a former professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur Manchester City Crystal Palace Charlton Athletic Leyton Orient and represented the England Under 21 national team on one occasion.
 Tomas Radzinevičius (born 5 June 1981) is a Lithuanian professional footballer currently without a club.While playing for FK Sūduva he scored a hat-trick against S.K. Brann in the qualifying round of the UEFA Cup 2002–03 greatly contributing to his side's 3–2 victory.
 George Anthony Visger (born September 26 1958) is a former professional American football player who played defensive lineman for the San Francisco 49ers.
 Fabien Lefèvre (born 18 June 1982 in Orléans) is a United States slalom canoeist who has competed since the late 1980s. Fabien competed for France until 2013 when he became a resident of the United States.
 Evelyn Stevens (born May 9 1983) is an American professional road cyclist riding for Team Specialized-lululemon in 2012.She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's road race finishing 24th.
 Raymond “Ray” Vigliotti is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in the Major Indoor Soccer League and American Soccer League.Vigliotti graduated from Laurel High School. He attended the University of South Carolina where he played on the men’s soccer team in 1978 and 1979. In 1979 the New York Arrows selected Vigliotti in the Major Indoor Soccer League draft and spent two seasons with them.
 Darren Maatsen Dutch pronunciation: [ˈtɪm ˈeːk.mɑn] (born 30 January 1991) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays for Ross County in the Scottish Premiership.
 Danny 'Boy' Collins is an English professional wrestler. Noted for his agile gymnastic style in the ring he has toured successfully across Europe and Japan and held British European and World (European version) titles in five different weight divisions.
 Brett Hartmann (born August 17 1987) is a retired American football punter and kickoff specialist. He was forced to retire after he suffered a career-ending knee injury. He was signed by the Houston Texans as an undrafted free agent in 2011. He played college football at Central Michigan University.
 Nihan Kantarcı (pronounced [ˈniːhan ˈkantaɾdʒɯ]; born July 9 1982 in Eskişehir Turkey) is a Turkish sport shooter competing in the trap and double trap events. The 159 cm (5 ft 3 in) tall athlete at 72 kg (159 lb) is right handed.She began with shooting sport in 1996 at the Eskişehir Hunting and Shooting Sports Club. She is coached by Diego Gasperini in Bursa Büyükşehir Belediyespor.
 Xu Qing (born September 27 1992) is a Chinese Paralympic swimmer. He lost both his arms in a car accident when he was 6. He began swimming training at 7 introduced to the sport by a doctor who had himself been a para-athlete.Competing in the S6 classification Xu won 3 gold and one bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics and 4 gold medals at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
 Jaromír Jágr (Czech pronunciation: [ˈjaromiːr ˈjaːɡr̩] ; born February 15 1972) is a Czech professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League. He formerly played with the Pittsburgh Penguins Washington Capitals New York Rangers Philadelphia Flyers Dallas Stars and the Boston Bruins; serving as captain of the Penguins and the Rangers.
 Billy Newing (born 1 August 1892) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League in 1913.
 Richard Bangwe (born 25 September 1979) is a Botswana former footballer who played as a midfielder. He played one match for the Botswana national football team in 2003.
 Erick Ozuna López (born October 5 1990) is a Dominican Republic footballer who currently plays for the Dominican Republic national football team.
 Olga Kotlyarova (born April 12 1976 in Sverdlovsk) is a Russian runner. She used to compete mainly in 400 metres and has an Olympic bronze medal from 2000 in relay. She is also a world champion (indoor and outdoor) in this event.In 2005 she concentrated more on the 800 metres distance managing to set a new personal best and to finish fourth at the World Athletics Final.In August 2006 she became the European Champion on the 800 metres.
 Extreme Tiger (born April 4 1981) is a Mexican professional wrestler currently signed with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name Tigre Uno. He is best known for his work in Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA) where he is a former two-time AAA World Cruiserweight and AAA World Tag Team Championships and the 2011 Rey de Reyes.
 Dave Bennett is a former professional footballer who played as a right-back for Aberdeen.Bennett played youth football with Sunnybank before starting his professional career with Aberdeen in 1960. After six years at Aberdeen he left to join Inverness Caledonian.
 Rupert Darnley Anderson O.B.E. (29 April 1859 - 23 December 1944) was an English football player who played for Old Etonians as well as the English national side.Anderson was born in Liverpool the fifth of six children. He was educated at Eton and then went up to Cambridge. His club career began and ended with Old Etonians. Unfortunately he missed the team's 1879 F.A.
 Diarmuid Lyng (born 1981 in Wexford Ireland) and moved to Pircestown. is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling and Gaelic football with his local club St. Martin's and has been a member of the Wexford senior inter-county hurling team since 2004.
 Alexander Vidal Larín Hernández (born 27 June 1992) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for C.D. FAS.
 Jennifer Claire Joines-Tamas (born November 23 1982) is an American indoor volleyball player. Joines made her first Olympic appearance at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and helped Team USA to a silver medal.
 Rodrigo Archubi (born 6 June 1985 in Remedios de Escalada) is an Argentine football winger.
 Thierry Champion (born 31 August 1966 in Bagnols-sur-Cèze Gard) is a former professional tennis player from France.
 Josh Kennet (born 27 September 1987) is an English footballer.
 Abel Christmas Davies (1861 – 18 June 1914) was a Welsh international rugby union wing who played club rugby for London Welsh and international rugby for Wales. Davies was a tall but powerful wing and was noted as being able to sprint the 100 yards in exactly ten seconds.
 Tom Arscott (born 25 August 1987) is a rugby union player Arscott joined Bristol from Plymouth Albion R.F.C.
 Thomas Sørensen (born 1 August 1984) is a Danish professional association football player currently playing for ÍA Akranes. He plays as a defender. He has previously represented HB Køge in the Danish Superliga.
 Vladimir Valeryevich Pronchin (Russian: Владимир Валерьевич Прончин; born March 7 1988) is a Russian professional football player. In 2009 he played in the Russian Second Division for FC Metallurg-Kuzbass Novokuznetsk.
 Allison Petra Cook-Tranquilli (born 12 August 1972 in Melbourne Victoria) is a retired female basketball player from Australia who played for the Melbourne Tigers and PVSK Pecs in Hungary. A two-time Olympian she was a member of the national women's team that claimed the bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta Georgia. She attended the Australian Institute of Sport in 1990-1991.
 Abdul Manaf Mamat (born April 8 1987) is a Malaysian national football player. His current club is Terengganu.Manaf has played for the Malaysian national football team and under-23 team. He played one Olympic qualification match against Japan in 2007.He was selected by Malaysia coach K.Rajagobal for the 2009 SEA Games football tournament. He scored one goal against Cambodia in the group stage. He made his full international debut against Saudi Arabia in August 2009.
 Ricardo Ricky Romero Jr. (born November 6 1984) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Toronto Blue Jays organization. Romero stands at 6 feet and weighs 210 pounds. He throws left-handed and bats right-handed.
 Fernando Almeida de Oliveira (born 18 June 1978) is a Brazilian football player who currently plays for Vitória.
 Johnny Placide (born January 29 1988 in Montfermeil Seine-Saint-Denis) is a Haitian goalkeeper with French nationality currently playing for French club Stade de Reims.
 Valeriu Andronic (born 21 December 1982 in Chișinău) is a Moldovan footballer who currently plays for FK Khujand.
 Morris Skip Strode (born June 5 1960 in El Cajon California) is a former professional tennis player from the United States. During Strode's career he won 1 doubles title. He achieved a career-high singles ranking of World No. 127 in 1983 and a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 47 in 1983. Currently Strode is working as a full time coach who coaches at Mira Mesa High School.
 Archie Campbell (born 10 January 1991 in Dunfermline) is a Scottish footballer who is currently playing for Scottish Championship side Greenock Morton.Campbell started his career at Rangers but left to join Morton after 7 years at Ibrox. He also had a loan spell at Cowdenbeath where he scored five league goals as they failed to avoid relegation.
 Zoltan Big is a retired American professional wrestler known by his ring name The Hungarian Barbarian who has competed in North American independent promotions including the Hardway Wrestling National Championship Wrestling the National Wrestling Alliance and World Xtreme Wrestling. He was also a regular tag team partner of Dirty Deeds Darren Wyse both being longtime mainstays of NCW and is the first and only wrestler to win the promotion's heavyweight hardcore and tag team titles.
 James Thompson (born 26 April 1974 in York England) is a British auto racing driver who currently competes in the World Touring Car Championship. He has twice been champion of the British Touring Car Championship (BTCC) and was third in the 2007 World Touring Car Championship.
 Christopher Lee Chris Marcus (born December 11 1979) is a former American basketball player who is best known for his collegiate career at Western Kentucky University between 1999–2000 and 2002–03.As a student at Olympic High School Marcus was a certified seven-footer but he did not begin playing basketball until the school's new head coach David Davis convinced him to play for the team.
 Jaakko Lepola (born 14 March 1990) is a Finnish football player currently playing for FC Lahti and Finland national under-21 football team.After his contract with FC Honka expired after the 2011 season he signed a 1+1 year contract with FC Lahti
 William Patrick McGuire (born February 14 1964 in Omaha Nebraska) is a former Major League Baseball catcher for the Seattle Mariners.McGuire was drafted by the Seattle Mariners out of the University of Nebraska in the 1st round (27th overall) of the 1985 Major League Baseball Draft. He made his major league debut in 1988 and also played in the majors in 1989. He played his final professional season in 1992 for the Single-A Peoria Chiefs in the Chicago Cubs organization.
 Cody James Asche (born June 30 1990) is an American professional baseball third baseman for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball (MLB). He is 6 feet 1 inch (1.85 m) tall and weighs 180 pounds (82 kg). After growing up in O'Fallon Missouri he attended the University of Nebraska where he played college baseball for the Nebraska Cornhuskers majored in economics and achieved recognition for both his athletic and academic performance. He was drafted by the Phillies in 2011.
 Óscar Torres (born December 18 1976) is a Venezuelan professional basketball player who currently plays for the Marinos de Anzoategui of the Venezuelan League.A 6'5 native of Caracas Torres became the first Venezuelan-born player in National Basketball Association history when he signed with the Houston Rockets for the 2001-02 NBA season. Torres averaged 6.0 points over the course of the season and scored an NBA career-high 28 points against the Cleveland Cavaliers on December 11 2001.
 Stanislav Loska (Czech pronunciation: [ˈstaɲɪslav ˈloska]; born 21 June 1968) is a veteran on the Czech paralympic team competing in alpine skiing. The 2010 Winter Paralympics in Vancouver were his fifth Paralympic Games. At the 1994 Winter Paralympics in Lillehammer he won the bronze medal in slalom. He won the same medal in the world championship in Lech in Austria. At the 1998 Winter Paralympics in Nagano he placed fourth and fifth.
 Elishay Kadir (Hebrew: אלישי כדיר‎) (born November 4 1987) is an Israeli professional basketball player who plays for Hapoel Eilat and the Israeli National Basketball Team. He plays in the power forward position and is 203 cm (6'8) tall.
 Jordan Murdoch (born 23 March 1992) is an Australian rules football player at the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He made his South Australian National Football League (SANFL) senior debut for the Glenelg Football Club in Round 21 of the 2011 SANFL season against West Adelaide. He was then drafted into the AFL by the Geelong Football Club with the 48th selection in the 2011 AFL Draft.
 George Edward Chips Sobek (February 10 1920 – April 9 1990) was a player in the National Basketball Association. He played with the Sheboygan Red Skins during the 1949-50 NBA season.
 Jason Walker (born 21 February 1984) is an English footballer who plays as a striker. He is currently without a club having recently played for Forest Green Rovers. He previously played for Dundee Greenock Morton Morecambe Barrow Luton Town and York City and Östersunds FK.
 Bruno Martignoni (born 13 December 1992) is a Swiss-Italian professional footballer currently playing for FC Aarau.
 Patrycja Sanduska (born 25 November 1986) is a Polish tennis player who is as of 12 April 2010 ranked No. 404. As a professional her highest career singles ranking is World No. 349 achieved on 9 November 2009 in doubles 440.
 Viktorija 'Vicky' Rajicic (born 7 April 1994 in Melbourne) is an Australian tennis player. She turned professional after playing in the first round of the WTA doubles event at the 2011 Medibank International Sydney on 9 January 2011 and has a career high of ranking 279 which she reached in October 2013.
 Abdulnaser Slil (Arabic: عبد الناصر صليل‎) (born September 2 1981 in Libya) is a Libyan football midfielder currently playing for Al-Ittihad. He is a member of the Libya national football team.
 Deyvison Rogério da Silva (born 9 January 1985) mostly known as Bobô is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Kayserispor as a striker.
 Lee David Croft (born 21 June 1985) is an English footballer who plays as a right winger for St. Johnstone.He has previously played for Manchester City Norwich City Derby County Huddersfield Town and Oldham Athletic. He also appears on Soccer AM as Lee Croft Story Teller telling stories that end with the catch phrase You can't handle the truth!
 Dick Krzywicki (born Ryszard Lech Krzywicki on 2 February 1947 in Penley Flintshire) is a Welsh former professional footballer and Wales international. He was born to Polish parents.During his career he played for West Bromwich Albion Huddersfield Town Scunthorpe United Northampton Town and Lincoln City.He was the first West Bromwich Albion substitute to enter the field in a League Cup match when he replaced Doug Fraser against Manchester City in October 1966.
 Keishi Otani (大谷 圭志 born 17 April 1983) is a former Japanese football player.He is the twin brother of Masashi Otani.
 Keith Webber (5 January 1943 – 26 September 1983) was a Welsh footballer.
 Vincent Louis Promuto (born June 8 1938 in New York New York) is a former American football guard in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins from 1960 to 1970. Promuto played college football at the College of the Holy Cross and was then drafted by the Redskins in the fourth round in the 1960 NFL Draft. He played 130 games in his career all with Washington. He was a Pro Bowl selection in 1963 and 1964. He is a member of the Washington Redskins Ring of Fame.
 Nissim Barda is a former Israeli footballer.
 Carl Weathers (born January 14 1948) is an American actor and former professional football player. He is best known for portraying Apollo Creed in the Rocky series of films Dillon in Predator Chubbs Peterson in Happy Gilmore and Little Nicky and an exaggeratedly frugal semi-fictionalized version of himself in the television series Arrested Development.
 João Dickson Carvalho (born in São Paulo Brazil) is a former Brazilian football player.
 Charles Byron Harmon (born April 23 1924) is retired American professional baseball player a former utility player in Major League Baseball who played for the Cincinnati Redlegs (1954–1956) St. Louis Cardinals (1956–1957) and Philadelphia Phillies (1957). He batted and threw right-handed.
 Hiroaki Shimauchi (島内 宏明 born February 2 1990 in Komatsu Ishikawa) is a Japanese professional baseball outfielder for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.
 Eric Mackenzie (born 19 May 1988) is an Australian rules footballer currently listed with the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL). He also plays for the Claremont Tigers in the West Australian Football League. He made his debut for the Eagles in 2007.
 Richard Edward Rich Lambourne (born May 6 1975) is an American indoor volleyball player. He joined the U.S. men's national team in 2000 as the designated libero. He has recently played for Delecta Bydgoszcz. Lambourne made his Olympic debut at the 2008 Olympics helping Team USA to a gold medal.
 Michel Robert (24 December 1948 Corbelin) is a show jumping rider from France. He was the final winner of the Global Champions Tour for 2009. He is a two-time Olympic equestrian.
 Khalid Lachheb (born January 16 1975) is a retired pole vaulter from France. He set his personal best (5.80 metres) on 25 August 1998 at a meet in Lausanne. He has a twin brother Taoufik Lachheb who is also a retired pole vaulter (personal best at 5.72 metres). They were both students at Polytechnique (Paris France) a well-known institution for engineering.
 Vladimir Kononov (born February 16 1972) is a Russian cross-country skier and Paralympian. He compete in classification category standing events and is classified LW5/7 (double arm amputation).He competed in cross-country skiing at the 2010 Winter Paralympics where he took the bronze medal in the men's 20 km standing. He placed 12th in the men's 1 km sprint and 13th in the men's 10 km standing.[citation needed]
 Rico Lieder (born 25 September 1971 in Burgstädt) is a retired German sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.He competed for the clubs SC Karl-Marx-Stadt LG Chemnitz and LAC Chemnitz during his active career.
 Jabari Amin Greer (born February 11 1982) is an American football cornerback who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Buffalo Bills as an undrafted free agent in 2004. He played college football at Tennessee.
 Mendy López Aude (born October 15 1973 in Santo Domingo Dominican Republic) is a utility player who has played for many professional baseball teams including in the United States México South Korea and the Dominican Republic. He currently plays for the Rieleros de Aguascalientes in the Mexican League.
 Jack F. Scanlon (born 11 January 1911 date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1930s.Scanlon came to St Kilda from Iona and was played mostly as a half back flanker and back pocket. He captained-coached VFA club Coburg from 1937 to 1939 and was non playing coach in 1948. His son Peter Scanlon was a VFL/AFL Commissioner from 1985 until 1992.
 Marina Erakovic (Croatian: Marina Eraković) (born 6 March 1988 in Split) is a Croatian-born professional tennis player from New Zealand. Her career high Women's Tennis Association (WTA) rankings are World No. 39 for singles achieved on 7 May 2012 and World No. 25 in doubles achieved on 24 June 2013. Erakovic is the only New Zealand player in the top 100 of either the WTA or the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP). She has won one WTA singles title.
 Karen Gill from Western Australia is an Australian Paralympic athlete. She won a silver medal at the 1988 Seoul Games in the Women's Javelin C3 event.
 Masoud Hassanzadeh (born April 12 1991) is an Iranian Footballer Forward who currently plays for Damash and is member of Iran national under-22 football team.
 Jari Kaarlo Torkki (born August 11 1965 in Rauma Finland) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League and SM-liiga. He also won a silver medal at the 1988 Olympics with Team Finland.
 Dick van Eijmeren (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈdɪk vɑn ˈɛimərə(n)]; born April 2 1990) is a Dutch footballer currently playing for VV Capelle.
 Francis Hubert Palmer MC (born 1877) was a rugby union international who represented England in 1905.
 Scott Garlick (born May 29 1972 in Phoenix Arizona) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who last played for Real Salt Lake of Major League Soccer.Garlick went on trial to Waterford United in 1994. Initially for a month he stayed for two seasons before returning home in the hope of signing for a MLS club.Garlick was not initially drafted by an MLS team; instead he signed with the Greensboro Dynamo of the USISL. D.C.
 Henry John Southern (born 1806 Sheffield; details of death unknown) was an English cricketer who was associated with Sheffield Cricket Club and made his first-class debut in 1828.
 Simon Charles Ecclestone (born 16 July 1971) played first-class and List A cricket for Oxford University and Somerset between 1994 and 1998. He also appeared in 1992 in List A cricket for Cambridgeshire. He was born at Great Dunmow Essex.Educated at Bryanston School and at Durham University Ecclestone was a hard-hitting left-handed middle-order batsman and a right-arm medium pace bowler.
 Luis Alberto Suárez Díaz (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈlwis ˈswaɾes]; born 24 January 1987) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays for Premier League club Liverpool and the Uruguayan national team.In 2006 Suárez moved to the Netherlands to play for Groningen in the Eredivisie. Suárez transferred to Ajax in 2007. In 2008–09 he was named Ajax Player of the Year.
 John Jairo Tréllez Valencia (born 29 April 1968 in Turbo) is a retired Colombian footballer. A striker he played most of his career with Atlético Nacional of Medellín. He has a son also striker Santiago Tréllez.
 Pierre Faber (born 29 March 1978) is a retired German international rugby union player playing for the RG Heidelberg in the Rugby-Bundesliga and the German national rugby union team. His last game for Germany was against Russia on 2 May 2009. Faber ended his rugby career in December 2009.Of French origin Faber played rugby for Stade Dijonnais and RC Strasbourg before joining the RG Heidelberg in 2008 for his final rugby years.
 Nick Gilliam (born December 27 1978) is an American professional golfer. Gilliam is best known for winning the individual NCAA Division I Men's Golf Championship in 2001.
 Jonathan Hall is an American sport shooter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 10 metre air rifle.
 Tome Pačovski (Macedonian: Томе Пачовски) (born 28 June 1982 in Bitola SFR Yugoslavia) is a footballer (goalkeeper) playing for Belgian top division side KV Mechelen.
 Jerrell Harris (born July 8 1989) is an American football linebacker for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League (NFL). He attended the University of Alabama. Harris was an All-American in high school and is considered one of the better outside linebacker prospects of his class.
 James Wong is a former Malaysian footballer who is a striker for Malaysia national football team and Sabah. He also played as a goalkeeper for Malaysia youth team in 1971 Asian Youth Championship. He was known as King James by the local fans.[citation needed]Wong is the first Sabahan to represent Malaysia in 1971. He played professionally for Hakoah in Australia New South Wales Premier League for two years.Wong is well known for his physical and finishing touch.
 Yuchoku Higa (1910–1994) was a prominent Japanese Shorin-ryu karateka who was awarded Hanshi (10th dan) in 1976.In 1927 he began training under Jiro Shiroma who was a student of Higa's father In 1934 under Jinan Shinzato he began training te and Goju-ryu.In 1948 he began studies under Chōshin Chibana and in 1965 was awarded 9th dan by Chibana.He served as president of the Okinawa Prefecture Karatedo Federation and the All Okinawa Karatedo Federation.In 1976 he received the rank of Hanshi 10th Dan.
 Seán Óg Sheehy (born 24 May 1939) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played as a left wing-back for the Kerry senior team.Sheehy made his first appearance for the team during the 1962 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen for just two seasons. During that time he has won one All-Ireland winners' medal two Leinster winners' medals and one National Football League winners' medal.
 Hadi Sacko (born 24 March 1994 in Corbeil-Essonnes) is a French footballer who plays for French club Le Havre AC in Ligue 2 on loan from Bordeaux. He plays as an attacking midfielder or striker. Of Malian descent Sacko is a France youth international having represented his nation at under-16 under-18 and under-19 level.
 Maki Mita (born 22 April 1983) is a Japanese former swimmer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
 Cori Schumacher is a world champion surfer from California.
 Kali Christ (born November 9 1991) is a Canadian speedskater from Regina Saskatchewan. She primarily skates in the middle distances of 1000 m 1500m as well as the mass start event. Christ represented Canada in both these events at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi as well as the team pursuit event.
 Andreas Daniel Gabriel Yacob Haddad (born Andreas Daniel Gabriel Turander on 5 May 1982) is an Assyrian Swedish football striker from Sweden who currently plays for Swedish side Hammarby IF.In January 2008 he is signed a ½-year contract with the club but the contract was cancelled only two months later due to injuries. Haddad has also played for Swedish side Assyriska Föreningen and for a short period in Norwegian side Lillestrøm SK on loan and then signed for them in 2006.
 Mladen Karoglan (born 6 February 1964) is a retired Croatian football forward who spent 8 season playing in Portugal where he had showed his scoring ability.
 Jozef Kohut (born January 27 1975) is a Slovakian ice hockey player from Trenčín Slovakia.
 Melania Grego (born June 19 1973 in Breno) is a female water polo forward from Italy who won the gold medal with the Women's National Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens Greece.
 Thomas Patrick O'Malley (born December 25 1960 in Orange New Jersey) is a former Major League baseball player born in Orange New Jersey and raised in Montoursville Pennsylvania in the United States. He played for the San Francisco Giants Chicago White Sox Baltimore Orioles Texas Rangers Montreal Expos and New York Mets. He also spent six highly successful seasons in the Japanese Central League with the Hanshin Tigers and Yakult Swallows.
 Thomas Daniel Creavy (February 3 1911 – March 3 1979) was an American professional golfer the winner of the PGA Championship in 1931.Born in Tuckahoe New York Creavy learned the game as a caddy at Siwanoy Country Club and was the club professional at the Albany Country Club and Saratoga Spa. He won the PGA Championship at age 20 in 1931 at Wannamoisett Country Club in Rumford Rhode Island defeating Gene Sarazen 5 & 3 in the semifinals and Denny Shute 2 & 1 in the finals.
 Konstantin Sergeyevich Kabantsev (Russian: Константин Серге́евич Кабанцев; born June 3 1995) is a Russian football defender who last played for FC MITOS Novocherkassk.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC MITOS Novocherkassk on May 31 2013 in a game against FC Volgar-Astrakhan Astrakhan.
 Walter Bernard (born May 3 1978) is a former American college and professional football player who was a defensive back in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of New Mexico. He played professionally from 2001 to 2005. He was signed by the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent in 2001. He played professionally for the Chargers Indianapolis Colts and Seattle Seahawks of the NFL.
 Joe Kerrigan (born 1864) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
 Andy Souwer (born November 9 1982) is a Dutch welterweight shoot boxer. He is two time K-1 World MAX champion (2005 2007) as well as a four time Shootboxing World tournament champion fighting out of Mejiro Gym Amsterdam Netherlands.As of December 2012 Souwer is ranked the #5 middleweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
 Bali Gagandeep (born 2 June 1990) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Salgaocar F.C. in the I-League.
 Charlie Norris (born October 21 1965) is a retired American professional wrestler who competed in North American promotions as well as the World Championship Wrestling during the early 1990s.
 Chen Wangting (1580–1660) was a Ming Dynasty general that founded Chen-style t'ai chi ch'uan one of the five major styles of the popular Chinese martial art. Sometimes called Chen Wang Ting or Zouting he devised the Chen family-style of t'ai chi ch'uan in his home of Chenjiagou Wenxian county Henan province after he retired there following the fall of the Ming Dynasty.
 Arie Supriyatna (born on December 25 1984) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSMS Medan in the Indonesia Super League.
 Maurie 'Mocha' Johnson (born 15 January 1907 date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League.Johnson made his debut for the Carlton Football Club in Round 5 of the 1927 season. He had a falling-out with coach Frank Maher after six rounds of the 1936 season which resulted in him leaving Carlton to join South Melbourne.
 Eric Moten (born April 11 1968 in Cleveland Ohio) is a former offensive guard in the NFL. He played 5 years for the San Diego Chargers and was their starting left guard for four of those years. He played college ball at Michigan State.
 Roland Števko (born 8 April 1983 in Levice) is a Slovak football player who currently plays for SV Karlstetten/Neidling.
 Shin Soo-Ji (Hangul: 신수지 born 8 January 1991 in Seoul) is a Korean rhythmic gymnast.
 Adilson Soares Cassamá (born 20 April 1983 in Bissau) known as simply Adilson is a Guinea-Bissauan footballer who plays for FC Jeunesse Junglinster in Luxembourg as a defensive midfielder
 Martín Buesa (born 24 August 1988 Vitoria-Gasteiz) is a Spanish professional basketball player who played for Caja Laboral from 2008 to 2011.After leaving the team Buesa played for UPV Álava at Liga EBA and later in 2012 for Araberri BC at LEB Plata.
 Vyacheslav Ivanovich Ulitin (Russian: Вячеслав Иванович Улитин; born March 8 1973) is a retired Russian professional football player.
 Takayuki Kinoshita (木下 隆之 Kinoshita Takayuki) is a Japanese racing car driver and author.
 William F. Sullivan (1868–1905) was a professional baseball player. He appeared in six games in Major League Baseball for the Syracuse Stars of the American Association in 1890 all as a starting pitcher.
 Frederick K. Fritz Heisler (May 18 1915 – March 11 1982) was a professional American football coach who was an assistant and scout for the Cleveland Browns for 30 years between 1946 and 1976. He was a long-time associate of Paul Brown the first coach of the team.Heisler played for Brown when Brown was head coach at Massillon Washington High School before attending Miami University where he was a standout as a guard.
 Ronald Cecil Graham Joy (30 July 1898 – 12 December 1974) was an English cricketer. A right-handed batsman and right-arm fast-medium bowler he played for Essex between 1922 and 1928. His father-in-law Frank Penn played Test cricket for England in 1880.
 Elia Viviani (born 7 February 1989) is an Italian racing cyclist who rides for Cannondale.
 Duane D. Horsman (born January 23 1937 and died July 1991) was a middleweight professional boxer from Minnesota.
 Keith Charles Arkell (born 8 January 1961 in Birmingham) is an English Grandmaster of chess.As a long-time resident of the West Midlands he has lived in Rednal Droitwich and Worcester. His brother Nicholas was also a strong player.FIDE awarded Arkell the title of International Master in 1985 and that of Grandmaster ten years later.
 Thomas Leslie Tommy Taylor (7 September 1911 – 1992) born in Fitzwilliam West Riding of Yorkshire was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s and '40s playing at representative level for England and Yorkshire and at club level for Castleford as a Prop i.e. number 8 or 10 during the era of contested scrums. Married with three sons he was a miner for all of his working life.
 Mohammad Reza Tahmasebi (born 21 March 1976) is an Iranian Football player who currently plays for Paykan of the Iran Pro League.
 Paul Marcellous Elliott CBE (born 18 March 1964) is a former English footballer who played as a defender.Starting his career with Charlton Athletic in the early 1980s Elliott signed for First Division Luton Town in 1982. He then joined Aston Villa in 1985 and spent two years at Italian club Pisa before joining Celtic in 1989. In his final season at Parkhead Elliott was awarded the Scottish Footballer of the Year award.
 Jean Manuel Machi (born February 1 1983) is a Venezuelan professional baseball pitcher for the San Francisco Giants of Major League Baseball.In 2008 he played in the Toronto Blue Jays organization and was released after the season. He then signed a minor league contract with the Pittsburgh Pirates.On September 1 2012 Machi was called up by the Giants after serving as the closer for the Fresno Grizzlies San Francisco's Triple-A affiliate.
 Fabian Schönheim (born 14 February 1987 in Kirn) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for 1. FC Union Berlin in the 2. Bundesliga.
 Marek Kolba (born January 14 1980) is a Slovak ice hockey player who is currently playing for the HC Košice in the Slovak Extraliga.
 Michael George Elliott Turner (born 20 September 1938 in Bridport Dorset) is an English former professional football goalkeeper.
 Walter Casaroli (born April 13 1957 in Rome) is a retired Italian professional football player. He played 4 seasons (55 games 8 goals) in the Serie A for A.S. Roma and Empoli F.C.
 Nicolás 'Nico' Esteban Medina Ríos (born 28 March 1987) is a Chilean footballer who plays for C.D.P. Curicó Unido as a forward.
 Jamie Ellis (born (1989-10-04) 4 October 1989 in St Helens Merseyside) is an English professional rugby league player who currently plays for Castleford Tigers. Signing for St. Helens as a youngster from amateur team Chorley Panthers Ellis is a Scrum-half/Halfback.
 John Palmer (29 March 1881 – 14 June 1928) was an English cricketer. Palmer was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born at Ibstock Leicestershire.Palmer made his first-class debut for Leicestershire against Essex in the 1906 County Championship at Aylestone Road Leicester. He made two further first-class appearances in that seasons County Championship against Kent and Northamptonshire.
 Tatyana Veinberga (born 1943) is a former Russian volleyball player for the USSR.
 Oliver Burgham was a Welsh professional rugby league footballer of the 1900s and '10s playing at representative level for Great Britain and Wales and at club level for Ebbw Vale and Halifax as a Prop or Hooker i.e. number 8 or 10 or 9 during the era of contested scrums.
 Ian Hindmarsh (born 31 March 1977 Bowral New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s.
 Frank Kechele (born 3 September 1986 in Nördlingen Bavaria) is a German racing driver. He has competed in such series as Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0. He won the Formula Renault 2.0 Northern European Cup in 2007 for Motopark Academy by winning eight races and beating Tobias Hegewald and Valtteri Bottas to the title.
 Ander Capa Rodríguez (born 8 February 1992) is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Eibar as a winger.
 Oliver Stević (born January 18 1984 in Nova Gorica Slovenia SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian professional basketball player. He is a 205 power forward who currently plays for club Royal Halı Gaziantep in Turkey.
 Greg Walters (born July 12 1984 in Lansing Michigan) is an American soccer player currently plays for the Waikato FC of the New Zealand Football Championship.
 Eskil Ervik (born 11 January 1975 in Trondheim) is a Norwegian speedskater. Ervik's best distance is traditionally the 5000-m where he for several years was among the very best of the world but his top priority for the most part of his career was to perform optimally in the allround championships.
 Zang Jialiang (Chinese: 臧嘉亮; pinyin: Zāng Jiāliàng; born January 12 1988 in Harbin Heilongjiang) is an internationally elite curler who trains out of Harbin China.He made his world championship debut at the 2008 Grand Forks World Championships. Team China achieved their best result to date. In the round robin portion they achieved upset wins over Team Canada and Team Norway.
 Ferenc Csik (12 December 1913 – 29 March 1945) was an Hungarian swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.In the 1936 Olympics he won a gold medal in the 100 m freestyle event and a bronze medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay event. Csik went on to become a medical doctor and died in an air raid while assisting a wounded man.
 Nicolás López Araújo (born 17 May 1987 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for Huracán Football Club in the Uruguayan Segunda División.
 Giovanni Morabito (born 26 January 1978 in Reggio Calabria) is an Italian football (soccer) defender he plays for Licata.
 Surinder Khanna About this sound pronunciation (born 3 June 1956 in Delhi India) is a former Indian cricketer. He played domestic cricket for Delhi and played ten One Day Internationals for India between 1979 and 1984. He was a wicketkeeper.
 William Greenwood (10 April 1798 – 9 June 1872) was an amateur English cricketer.Greenwood made his first-class debut for the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1818 playing a single match for the club against pre-county club Hampshire.Ten years after his last first-class appearance Greenwood represented pre-county club Hampshire in a single first-class match against an early England team in 1828.Greenwood died at Brookland Park Kent on 9 June 1872.
 Giorgos Panagi (Greek: Γιώργος Παναγή; born November 3 1986 in Larnaca) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for Nea Salamis Famagusta FC in the Cypriot First Division.He is best known for scoring a goal in Anorthosis' famous draw with Internazionale becoming the first Cypriot player to score for a Cypriot side in a Champions League group stage match.
 Ole-Jakob Sande (born May 6 1969) is a Norwegian ski mountaineer.Together with Ola Berger Ola Herje Hovdenak and Ove-Erik Tronvoll he placed seventh in the relay event of the 2008 World Championship of Ski Mountaineering.
 George William Oghani (born 2 September 1960) is an English former footballer.
 Charles Walter McKeer (1883 – 2 March 1957) was an English professional footballer who made four appearances in the midfield for Southampton in the Southern League in 1910 and 1911.
 Afrim Taku (born 4 August 1989 in Tiranë) is an Albanian midfielder footballer who currently plays for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga. He spent the 2008-2009 season on loan at KF Skrapari in the Albanian First Division.Taku’s career took off when coach Julián Rubio came in charge of KF Tirana on June 2011. He was part of the senior squad almost on every game of the Albanian Superliga for the 2011-2012 season except for two matches.
 Dennis John Franks (born May 29 1953) is a former American football player. He played professional football as a center and on special teams for the Philadelphia Eagles from 1976 to 1978 and for the Detroit Lions in 1979. He also played college football at the University of Michigan from 1972 to 1974.
 Christopher Klotz (born May 22 1984 in Laguna Niguel California) is a retired American soccer player.
 Alexei Koznev (born October 3 1975) is a Russian professional ice hockey Forward who currently plays for Vityaz Chekhov of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
 Michal Šrom (born 25 December 1987) is a Czech football player who currently plays for FC Tescoma Zlín. He made his Gambrinus liga debut on 30 May 2009 in a 6–1 defeat away at Jablonec.
 James Christopher Chris Moore (born 17 January 1984) is an English footballer who last played as a winger for Darlington 1883.
 Gao Changlong is a Paralympian athlete from China competing mainly in category F42-44 javelin throw events.He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing China. There he won a bronze medal in the men's F42-44 javelin throw event.
 William Thomas Edmund Billy Brennaugh (August 13 1877 - October 23 1934) was a Canadian lacrosse player who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.In 1904 he was member of the Shamrock Lacrosse Team which won the gold medal in the lacrosse tournament.
 Below are select minor league players and the rosters of the minor league affiliates of the San Francisco Giants:
 Kevin Bryant Mathis (born April 29 1974) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played professionally for the Dallas Cowboys New Orleans Saints and the Atlanta Falcons.
 Thomas Muster (born 2 October 1967 in Leibnitz Styria) is a former World No. 1 tennis player from Austria. One of the world's leading clay court players in the 1990s Muster won the 1995 French Open and at his peak was known as The King of Clay. In addition he won eight Masters 1000 series titles placing him seventh on the all-time list. Muster is one of only three players to win Masters titles on three different surfaces (clay carpet and hard court).
 Hans Van Alphen (born 12 January 1982 in Turnhout) is a Belgian decathlete.Van Alphen won the silver medal at the 2007 Summer Universiade and finished eleventh at the 2007 World Championships. In 2005 he became Belgian champion in the decathlon.
 Jay AJ Leitch-Smith (born 6 March 1990) is a professional English footballer who plays as a forward for Crewe Alexandra.
 Koo Kien Keat (born September 18 1985 in Ipoh Perak) is a professional badminton player from Malaysia. Besides being a men's doubles player he also represents Malaysia in the mixed doubles event. He started his career at seventeen years of age and has won the Asian Junior title. He played in the Thomas Cup 2004 with Chan Chong Ming. They won bronze in the World Championship 2005.
 Michael Del Zotto (born June 24 1990) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman of the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League.
 Koichiro Okuma (Okuma Koichiro 29 December 1970) is a Japanese instructor of Shotokan karate. He is currently an instructor of the Japan Karate Association.
 Sergio Rojas (born 22 November 1973 in Buenos Aires Argentina) is a former football player. He currently searches players for Tours FC in South America.
 Melanie Soltysik Skillman (born September 23 1954 in Reading Pennsylvania United States) is an American archer who was a member of the American squad that won the team bronze medals at the 1988 Summer Olympics. She also competed in the individual event finishing in 10th place.
 Joey Barrington (born 18 January 1980 in Rio De Janeiro Brazil) is a professional squash player from England. He is the son of the legendary squash player Jonah Barrington.
 Masahiro Shimmyo (born July 16 1972) is a former Japanese football player.
 Nasser Hussain OBE (born 28 March 1968) is a former cricketer who played for Essex and England between 1987 and 2004. A pugnacious right-handed batsman Hussain scored over 30000 runs from more than 650 matches across all first-class and List-A cricket including 62 centuries. His highest Test score of 207 scored in the first Test of the 1997 Ashes at Edgbaston was described by Wisden as touched by genius.
 Allister Ali Carter (born 25 July 1979 Colchester Essex England) is an English professional snooker player who lives in Chelmsford. He is a two-time World Championship runner-up twice losing to Ronnie O'Sullivan in 2008 and 2012. He has also won three ranking titles and been as high as second in the world rankings.
 Bruno Banducci (November 11 1921 – September 1985) was an Italian American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles and the San Francisco 49ers. He was selected to play in six Pro Bowls (1946–19471951–1954). Banducci played college football at Stanford University and was drafted in the sixth round of the 1943 NFL Draft.
 Dana Cortez Howard (born February 27 1972) is a former American college and professional American football player who was a linebacker in the National Football League (NFL) for two seasons during the 1990s. He played college football for the University of Illinois was recognized as an All-American and won several national awards. A fifth-round draft pick of the Dallas Cowboys he played professionally for the NFL's St. Louis Rams and Chicago Bears.
 Santeri Heiskanen (born April 13 1977) is a former Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman.
 Steven Anthony Tony Bergstrom (born August 6 1986) is an American football guard for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League (NFL). He was selected in the third round 95th overall in the 2012 NFL Draft by the Oakland Raiders.
 Michael Riley Doc Powers (April 22 1870 – April 26 1909) was an American Major League Baseball player who caught for four different teams from 1898 to 1909. He played for the Louisville Colonels and Washington Senators of the National League and the Philadelphia Athletics and New York Highlanders of the American League. He played college baseball at the University of Notre Dame in 1897 and 1898.
 Li Deliang (Chinese: 李德亮; born September 6 1967) is a retired male diver from PR China. He competed at the 1988 Seoul Olympic Games and won the bronze medal in Men's 3m Springboard event.
 José Salomón (9 July 1916 in La Plata – 22 January 1990) was an Argentine football defender who played club football for Talleres de Remedios de Escalada and Racing Club de Avellaneda and captained the Argentina national football team.Salomón started his career in 1934 with Talleres before moving to Avelaneda to play for Racing Club between 1939 and 1945.Salomón played a total of 44 games for Argentina including 21 in the Copa América a national record he shares with Oscar Ruggeri.
 Glenn Justice Chapman (January 21 1906 in Cambridge City Indiana – November 5 1988 in Richmond Indiana) was an American Major League Baseball player. Nicknamed Pete he played in 67 games for the Brooklyn Dodgers during the 1934 season.
 Paul Worth (born (1986-01-13)13 January 1986 in Nottingham) is a British short-track speed-skater.Worth competed at the 2010 Winter Olympics for Great Britain. In the 500 metres he placed third in his round one heat failing to advance. He was also a member of the British relay team.
 Kyle Wanvig (born January 29 1981) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey Right winger who played in the National Hockey League with the Minnesota Wild and the Tampa Bay Lightning.
 JJ Breet (born 14 June 1991) is a South African rugby union player currently playing with the Golden Lions. His regular position is lock.
 Anthony Vito Recker (born August 29 1983) is an American professional baseball catcher for the New York Mets of Major League Baseball (MLB). He previously caught for the Oakland Athletics and Chicago Cubs.
 Thomas Patrick Horan (8 March 1854 — 16 April 1916) was an Australian cricketer who played for Victoria and Australia and later became an esteemed cricket journalist under the pen name Felix. The first of only two Irish-born players to play Test cricket for Australia Horan was the leading batsman in the colony of Victoria during the pioneering years of international cricket.
 James Shorter (born June 8 1938 in Montgomery Alabama) was an American football defensive back in the National Football League for the Cleveland Browns Washington Redskins and the Pittsburgh Steelers. He played college football at the University of Detroit Mercy and was drafted in the fourteenth round of the 1962 NFL Draft.
 Frédéric Veseli (born 20 November 1992) is a Swiss footballer who plays as a defender for English club Ipswich Town.
 Nova Arianto Sartono (born in Semarang Central Java 4 November 1978; age 35 years) is an Indonesian footballer of Chinese Indonesians descent who currently plays for Pelita Bandung Raya as a defender.
 Hylton Jessop (12 February 1868 – 19 July 1924) was an English cricketer. He played three matches for Gloucestershire in 1896.
 Mika Lipponen (born 9 May 1964 in Kaarina) is a retired Finnish football player who played in Finland for TPS in Spain for Real Mallorca in the Netherlands for FC Twente and BVO Emmen and in Switzerland for FC Aarau. He also played for the Finnish national side.
 Benoît Beaumet (born September 22 1967 in Blois France) is a former professional footballer.
 Max Urquhart (born 1 July 1942) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1960s.Urquhart a New South Welshman was a wet weather specialist and played mainly as a centreman or centre-half forward. He was Collingwood's leading vote getter in the 1964 Brownlow Medal count and finished equal fourth overall. In the same year he came off the bench in the 1964 VFL Grand Final which Collingwood lost to Melbourne.
 Arnaud Di Pasquale (born 11 February 1979 in Casablanca Morocco) is a former professional male tennis player from France. Di Pasquale is best remembered for his bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in the men's singles event. He beat rising Swiss Roger Federer in the bronze medal match but more surprising was his straight sets victory over the well established Magnus Norman of Sweden in the tournament's 3rd round.
 Mervyn Merv Dihm (born 16 September 1933) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).While serving at naval air station HMAS Albatross as a naval rating in 1953 Dihm was arrested and charged with assault. It was alleged that he assaulted a navy personnel's wife with a block of wood after breaking into her room. He pleaded guilty and argued that he had been under the influence of benzedrine and couldn't remember the incident.
 Roberto Hernán Salvatierra (born October 28 1984 in Bolívar) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder. He currently plays for Ferro Carril Oeste
 Mohammad Ayub (Urdu: محمدايوب‎; born 11 October 1985) is a First-class Pakistani cricketer. He is a right handed batsman. He has represented Punjab and the Sialkot Stallions. He has selected for Test series against Sri Lanka in 2012 season.
 Kiki Bertens (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈkiki ˈbɛrtəns]; born 10 December 1991) is a Dutch tennis player. Her highest WTA singles ranking is 41 which she reached on 15 April 2013. Her career high in doubles is 187 achieved on 11 June 2012. She currently is the highest ranked Dutch player on the WTA Tour.
 Josh Janniere (born November 4 1992 in Hamilton Ontario) is a Canadian soccer player who most recently played for Colorado Rapids in Major League Soccer.
 Les Laver (born 9 December 1900 date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the VFL during the late 1920s and early 1930s.After five games in his debut season Laver managed just three more appearances for Geelong each in different seasons. In the 1940 VFL season he stepped in as caretaker coach of Geelong when Reg Hickey was unavailable and steered them to a win over Footscray and loss to Essendon.
 Rui Miguel Rodrigues Pereira de Andrade (born 6 December 1977 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a midfielder.
 Ellis Kane Plummer (born 2 September 1994) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Manchester City.
 Katarzyna Niewiadoma (born 29 September 1994) is a Polish racing cyclist for Rabobank-Liv/giant.Niewiadoma started racing bikes with local club WLKS Krakus BBC Czaja and soon emerged as one of the most promising women riders in Poland. In 2013 she won two national U-23 champion titles finishing 4th in both elite time-trial and elite road race.
 Ljubomir Vranješ (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубомир Врањеш Ljubomir Vranješ; born October 3 1973) is a former Swedish handball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.He played in Redberglids IK ( RIK ) for 8 years 1991-1999. He won the gold medal in the Swedish championship 5 times 1992–93 1993–94 1995–96 1996–97 1997-98. He won the silver medal 2 times 1994–95 1997-98. He won the gold medal in the Swedish cup championship 3 times 1995–96 1996–97 1997-98.
 Clifford Archibald Roach (13 March 1904 – 16 April 1988) was a West Indian cricketer who played in West Indies' first Test match in 1928. Two years later he scored the West Indies' first century in Test matches followed two matches later by the team's first double century. Roach played for Trinidad but before having any great success at first-class level he was chosen to tour England with a West Indies team in 1928 and scored over 1000 runs.
 Donald George Don Bragg (born May 15 1935) is a retired American athlete who competed mainly in the pole vault. He won a gold medal in this event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.Bragg grew up in Penns Grove New Jersey where he attended Penns Grove High School.Bragg was the last of the great pole vaulters to use an aluminum pole.
 Bradley David Brad Ausmus (/ˈɔːsməs/; born April 14 1969) is a former catcher in Major League Baseball and the current manager of the Detroit Tigers. He has also been the manager of the Israel national baseball team.A 1987 draft pick of the New York Yankees he chose to alternate between attending Dartmouth College and playing minor league baseball. He then had an 18-year major league playing career with the San Diego Padres Detroit Tigers Houston Astros and Los Angeles Dodgers.
 Barry Thomas Cable MBE (born 22 September 1943) is a former Australian rules footballer and coach.
 William Wright Regan (January 23 1899 – June 11 1968) was a second baseman in Major League Baseball who played from 1926 through 1931 for the Boston Red Sox (1926–1930) and Pittsburgh Pirates (1931). Listed at 5 ft 10 in (1.78 m) 155 lb. Regan batted and threw right-handed. A native of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania Regan was a World War I veteran who played semi-pro baseball before starting his professional career in 1922.
 Serge Leveur (born 17 June 1957) is a retired French pole vaulter.He won the silver medal at the 1983 Mediterranean Games with a jump of 5.30 metres. The gold went to Patrick Abada who cleared 5.55 m.Leveur's personal best jump was 5.60 m which he achieved twice: in June 1985 in Suresnes and in July 1986 in Paris.
 Precious Mthembu (born 11 July 1984) is a South African netball player. She plays in the positions of C and WD. She participated in the 2011 World Netball Series in Liverpool UK.
 Pedro Alexandre dos Santos Barbosa (born 6 August 1970; Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈpedɾu bɐɾˈbɔzɐ]) is a Portuguese retired professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.Best known for his spell at Sporting he appeared in 367 games in the Portuguese first division and scored 59 goals being a player with above-average skills.Barbosa represented Portugal in one World Cup and one European Championship.
 Nashat Akram Abid Ali Al-Eissa (Arabic: نشأت أكرم عبد علي العيسى ‎ born 12 September 1984 in Al Hillah Babylon Iraq) is an Iraqi professional footballer who plays for Dalian Aerbin in the Chinese Super League. He is an Iraqi international. He usually plays as a Playmaker or as an attacking midfielder and is known for his exceptional vision and excellent passing ability as well as his ability to score goals from time to time.
 Russell Francis Cuddihey (born 8 September 1939) in Rawtenstall England is a retired English professional footballer who played as a wing half in the Football League.
 David Daniel Fales (born October 4 1990) is an American football quarterback. He played college football for the San Jose State Spartans. Fales played high school football at Palma High School in Salinas California. After redshirting freshman year at the University of Nevada Reno Fales attended Monterey Peninsula College for two years and transferred to San Jose State University for his junior year in 2012.
 Thorgan Ganael Francis Hazard (born 29 March 1993) is a Belgian footballer who plays for Zulte Waregem on loan from Chelsea. He is the younger brother of Eden Hazard and like his brother can play as an attacking midfielder or winger. Hazard is a Belgian youth international and has represented his nation at under-16 under-17 under-18 under-19 and under 21 level. In May 2013 he was handed his first senior international cap against the United States.
 James Tighe is an English professional wrestler. He is best known for his work with Frontier Wrestling Alliance. He currently competes around the United Kingdom.
 David Michael Bowman (born 16 December 1960 in Scarborough England) is an English former footballer.He played for Bridlington Town and Scarborough.
 Roger Beck (born 3 August 1983) is an international footballer from Liechtenstein who plays club football for FC Balzers as a midfielder.
 Henry Harry Yorston (9 June 1929 - 1992) was a Scottish professional football player who played for Aberdeen and represented Scotland once. Yorston made over 200 league appearances for Aberdeen scoring 98 goals.Yorston's uncle Benny was also a professional footballer who like his nephew played for Aberdeen and the Scottish national side.
 Leslie James Les Forster (22 July 1915 – 1986) was an English footballer who played as a winger.Forster started his career with non-league Walker Central before joining Blackpool in 1938 where he made 2 first team appearances. After World War II Forster joined York City. He scored 2 goals in 10 appearances before leaving to join Gateshead in 1947. Forster made 15 league and cup appearances for Gateshead scoring 3 goals. Forster joined non-league Blackhall Colliery Welfare in 1948.
 Laetitia Beck (Hebrew: לטיסיה בק‎; born February 5 1992) is an Israeli amateur golfer.Beck has won the Israeli Championship five times including for the first time when she was 12 years of age. She also won gold medals in golf in both the 2009 and 2013 Maccabiah Games. She attends Duke University where she golfs for the Blue Devils and in 2011 was voted the Atlantic Coast Conference Rookie of the Year. She is the first Israeli to compete in an LPGA tournament.
 Chester Arthur Chet Brewer (January 14 1907 – March 26 1990) was an American right-handed pitcher in baseball's Negro Leagues.
 Aleksei Pavlovich Gridin (Russian: Алексей Павлович Гридин; born March 5 1990) is a Russian football defender who currently playing for FC Slavyansky Slavyansk-na-Kubani.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Slavyansky Slavyansk-na-Kubani on April 10 2013 in a game against FC Druzhba Maykop.
 Erin Densham (born 3 May 1985 in Camden New South Wales Australia) is an Australian professional triathlete and bronze medallist in the 2012 Olympics.
 Orestes Júnior Alves (born 24 March 1981 in Lavras Minas Gerais) known as simply Orestes is a Brazilian footballer who played for Veria F.C. in the Superleague Greece as a central defender.
 Dwayne Keith Murphy (born on March 18 1955) is a former Major League Baseball player who spent most of his career playing for the Oakland Athletics as an outfielder. He was the first base coach for the Toronto Blue Jays during the 2013 season and retired after that season.Murphy was drafted by the Oakland Athletics in 1973 and made his Major League debut in 1978. He spent nine years with the Athletics and played under managers Billy Martin Sparky Anderson and Tony LaRussa.
 Anna Rodionova (born November 21 1996) is an artistic gymnast. She competed at the 2013 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships.
 Tommy Hansson (born 9 January 1956) is a former Swedish footballer. Hansson is notable for scoring the goal that made his club Malmö FF advance to the 1979 European Cup Final.
 Keith Gary (born September 14 1959) is a former American football defensive end. Gary was selected in the first round by the Pittsburgh Steelers out of the University of Oklahoma in the 1981 NFL Draft but didn't sign and went to play two seasons with the Montreal Alouettes of the CFL. He then played six seasons with the Steelers. He may be known for making one of the most vicious facemasks in NFL history.
 Mohamed Arif also known as Bakaa (born 11 August 1985) is a Maldivian footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Maldivian Dhiraagu Dhivehi League club Maziya Sports Club and the Maldivian National Team. Arif won the best football player of the year for 2010 and won second best player for the year 2011. He also won third best player for the year 2013.
 Serhat Coşkun (born July 18 1987) is a Turkish volleyball player. He plays as opposite for Halkbank Ankara since 2009 and wears number 9. 1.98 m (6 ft 6 in) tall at 90 kg (200 lb) he capped 60 times for the Turkey men's national volleyball team.
 Jimmy Robinson (born January 3 1953 in New York New York) is a former American football wide receiver and current wide receivers coach for the Dallas Cowboys. He played for the New York Giants and San Francisco 49ers during his playing career.
 Nathan Brown (born August 19 1986 in Hattiesburg Mississippi) was raised in Russellville AR. He is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent. He attended Russellville High School in Russellville Arkansas. Where he was All-State his senior season playing for Coach Jeff Holt and the Russellville Cyclones.
 William Joseph Cunnane (born April 24 1974 in Suffern New York) is a former right-handed Major League Baseball pitcher. He graduated from Clarkstown High School North in New City New York in 1992 where he played baseball and ran cross country. He is 6'2 and he weighs 175 pounds. Originally signed by the Florida Marlins as an undrafted free agent in 1992 Cunnane spent four seasons mostly as a starter in the minors before making his major league debut.
 Cyril Pearce (28 January 1908 – 1990) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Charlton Athletic Newport County and Swansea Town.
 Indrek Siska (born on 14 May 1984) is an Estonian professional beach soccer midfielder and striker who plays in Swiss club BSC Solothurn.His previous club were Estonian Augur and Israeli Kfar Qasem BSC.He is also the member of Estonia national beach soccer team. He is the team's top scorer with 28 goals in 16 games.
 Henry David López (born 8 August 1992) is a Guatemalan football forward who currently plays for New York Cosmos in the North American Soccer League.
 Axel Hervelle (born 12 May 1983) is a Belgian professional basketball player for Bilbao Basket of the Spanish League. Hervelle was drafted by the Denver Nuggets in the second round (52nd pick) of the 2005 NBA Draft becoming the first Belgian player ever to be drafted by an NBA team. He is a 2.05 m (6 ft 8¾ in) and 113.4 kg (250 lb.) small forward-power forward.
 Michael Sandstød (born 23 June 1968 in Copenhagen) is a Danish former professional racing cyclist who achieved success on both the road and track. Sandstød represented Denmark at the 1992 Summer Olympics where he rode in the qualification round of the team pursuit where he won a bronze medal.
 Roger Hassenforder (Sausheim 23 July 1930) is a former French professional racing cyclist from Alsace.
 Stuart Munn (22 December 1872 – 1959) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a wing half.
 Tatenda Taibu (born 14 May 1983) is a former Zimbabwean cricketer. He is a wicketkeeper and batsman and can also bowl right arm off spin. On 6 May 2004 he became the youngest Test captain in history when he captained his team against Sri Lanka. On 10 July 2012 Taibu aged only 29 decided to quit cricket and focus on his work in church.
 Geneviève (Genny) Goulet (born February 15 1980) is a French Canadian professional wrestler who works under the ringname LuFisto.
 Not to be confused with the murderer Steve Clem Grogan member of the Manson Family.Steve James Grogan (born July 24 1953) is a former American football quarterback for the New England Patriots of the National Football League. Grogan played for the Patriots for his entire NFL career from 1975 to 1990.
 Vladimir Kokol (born 3 January 1972) is a retired Slovenian football midfielder.Kokol was capped 12 times and scored 1 goal for the Slovenian national team between 1992 and 1997.
 Charles Brown (born February 28 1939) is a former amateur boxer from the United States who competed at the 1964 Tokyo Olympics in the Featherweight (−57 kg) division winning the bronze medal. At the Pan American Games he won a silver medal in 1959 and a bronze medal in 1963.Brown boxed out of the United States Marine Corps and did not box as a professional.
 Belkacem Zobiri (born October 23 1983 in Gap) is a French-Algerian footballer. He is currently free agent.
 Warwick B. Smith (born 11 June 1971 in Perth) is a Scottish curler from Bridge of Earn Perth and Kinross.
 William Lee Hobbs (May 7 1893 – January 5 1945) was a shortstop in Major League Baseball. Nicknamed Smokey he played for the Cincinnati Reds.
 Russell Owen Russ Hellickson (born May 29 1948 in Madison Wisconsin) is a former American wrestler who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics for the United States.In 1976 he won the silver medal in the Freestyle Heavyweight competition.
 Walid Aïchour (born 17 November 1977 in Tremblay-en-France) is a French professional football player. Currently he plays in the Championnat de France amateur for ES Viry-Châtillon.He played on the professional level in Ligue 2 for FC Istres.
 Bob Gould (1863 - 29 December 1931) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Newport Rugby Football Club. He won 11 caps for Wales and captained them for one match. Gould is best known within the sport of rugby as the brother of Arthur 'Monkey' Gould one of the first superstars of Welsh rugby.
 Jan Plas (1945-2010) was a Dutch former professional kickboxer trainer and founder of the Mejiro Gym in Amsterdam. He is considered to be the father of kickboxing in The Netherlands. Plas began his career in martial arts in karate learning Kyokushin from Jon Bluming. He founded the Mejiro Gym in 1978 after learning kickboxing from Kenji Kurosaki a Japanese martial artist who founded the original Mejiro Gym in Mejiro Tokyo.
 Katsuya Miyahira (宮平 勝哉 Miyahira Katsuya 1918 - 2010) was an Okinawan martial artist who was the grand master of the Shorin-ryu Shido-kan style of Okinawan Karate and the president of the Okinawa Shorin-ryu Karate Association. He was ranked Hanshi 10th Dan. Miyahira created the Shido-kan branch of Kobayashi Shorin-ryu after the death of his teacher Chōshin Chibana. Miyahira was also instructed by Anbun Tokuda and Choki Motobu.
 Richard Lee Anderson (December 25 1953 – June 23 1989) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He attended high school in Gardena California.Anderson was drafted by the New York Yankees in the first round of the 1972 Major League Baseball Draft. In 1979 Anderson was named the International League Pitcher of the Year with the Columbus Clippers. He made his major league debut with the Yankees on September 18 1979.
 Rowley Douglas (born 27 January 1977) is a coxswain and Olympic champion for Great Britain.Douglas won a gold medal in coxed eights at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney as a member of the British rowing team.
 Péter Odrobéna (born 28 October 1985 in Kazincbarcika) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Völsungur.
 Marcos Ramírez (born March 31 1981 in Des Moines Iowa) is a professional boxer fighting in the Featherweight division. Ramírez is a former WBO NABO and the IBF Latino Featherweight Champion.
 Byron Earl Gettis (born March 13 1980 in Centreville Illinois) is a former outfielder in Major League Baseball for the Kansas City Royals. Gettis graduated from Cahokia Senior High School in 1998 and was signed by the Kansas City Royals as an amateur free agent that same year. He had a career batting average of .179 in 39 at-bats. He was claimed off waivers by the Detroit Tigers on October 15 2004.
 Richard Conn (born January 9 1951 in Louisville Kentucky) is a former professional American football defensive back who played safety for six seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers and New England Patriots of the NFL.
 Cristian Gabriel Rodríguez Barotti (born 30 September 1985) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Atlético Madrid in La Liga mainly as a left winger.Having received the nickname Cebolla (onion) from his Peñarol days from his father he is well known for his speed and technical ability. He also played several seasons in Portugal with Benfica and Porto.Rodríguez gained more than 70 caps for Uruguay representing the country in three Copa América tournaments.
 Peter van der Kwaak (born 12 October 1968) is a Dutch footballer who played in The Football League for Carlisle United and Reading.
 Robert Kron (born February 27 1967) is a retired Czech professional ice hockey centre. He was drafted in the fifth round 88th overall by the Vancouver Canucks in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft.Kron made his National Hockey League debut with the Canucks in the 1990–91 season. In his NHL career he would play for the Canucks the Hartford Whalers/Carolina Hurricanes and the Columbus Blue Jackets.Kron appeared in 771 NHL games scoring 144 goals and adding 194 assists.
 Tiffany Kruger (born July 18 1987 in Durban) is a South Africa sprint canoeist. Kruger is a member of Natal Canoe Club in Pietermaritzburg and is coached and trained by former Olympic silver medalist Attila Adrovicz of Hungary (1992).Kruger represented South Africa at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London where she competed in the first ever women's K-1 200 metres. She paddled in the third heat against six other canoeists including former Olympic champion Inna Osypenko of Ukraine.
 George Thornewell (8 July 1898 – 6 March 1986) was an English international footballer who played as an outside right.
 Shawn Lewfatt (born 11 March 1977) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Australian Football League (AFL).He was drafted by the Essendon Football Club in the 1994 National Draft at pick 28. He played three games with Essendon during the 1995 season.
 James Kops is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.
 Aidan Kearney (born 27 February 1984) is an Irish hurler who plays as a right corner-back for the Waterford senior team.Kearney joined the team during the 2006 championship and has become a regular member of the starting fifteen over subsequent seasons. Since then he has won one Munster medal and one National Hurling League medal. Kearney has ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.At club level Kearney plays with Tallow.
 Margaret Court AO MBE (née Smith; born 16 July 1942) also known as Margaret Smith Court is a retired World No. 1 professional tennis player and Christian minister from Australia. She is best known for her sporting career in which she amassed more Major titles than any other player in history.In 1970 Court became the first woman during the open era (and the second woman in history) to win the singles Grand Slam (all four majors in the same calendar year).
 Alafoti Fa'osiliva (born October 28 1985) is a rugby union player in the national Samoa Sevens team representing Samoa internationally. The team were the champions of the 2009–10 IRB Sevens World Series. He was nominated for the 2010 IRB International Sevens Player of the Year alongside team captain Lolo Lui and Mikaele Pesamino. He plays club rugby for RC Toulonnais in the Top 14.Fa'osiliva grew up in the village of Afega situated on the central north coast of Upolu island.
 Dermot Deasy is a former Gaelic footballer for Dublin. Dermot is a member of the Garda Síochána. He won an all-star for Dublin in 1993 when won the National Football League won the Leinster Senior Football Championship and lost in the semi to eventual all-Ireland winners Derry. Despite not making an appearance in the 1995 all-Ireland final due to injury Deasy got an all-Ireland medal as a member of the Dublin panel.
 Maksimilijan Maks Mihelčič (Serbian spelling - Максимилијан Михелчић; 29 July 1905 – 29 March 1958) was a Slovenian football goalkeeper who represented the national team of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia at the 1928 Summer Olympics.One of the leading keepers in Yugoslavia in the first half of the 20th century. Maks was very flexible and brave keeper with good reflexes and elasticity. He had also solid positioning on the line good strength and agility.
 Benjamin Breny (born 23 November 1990 in Santo Dominigo) is a belgo-dominican racing driver currently competing in the European F3 Open Championship.
 Erin Mary Crocker Evernham (born March 23 1981) is an American race car driver. In the past she played soccer tennis and varsity lacrosse on both her high school and college teams. Her entrance to the world of top tier motorsports has been stalled due in part to a personal relationship between Crocker and her former boss team owner and current husband Ray Evernham.
 Gordon Brown (born 21 October 1979) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. Born in Broxburn Brown played in the Scottish Football League for St. Johnstone and East Fife making a total of 18 appearances.
 For the transplant patient of the same name see Peter HoughtonPeter Houghton (born 30 November 1954 Liverpool) is a former English footballer. He played in The Football League for four clubs from 1978 to 1988.
 Victor Patrick Frazier (August 5 1904 – January 10 1977) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played between 1931 and 1939 for the Chicago White Sox Detroit Tigers and Boston Bees. Listed at 6 ft 0 in (1.83 m) 182 lb. Frazier batted and threw right-handed.
 Ignat Damyanov (Bulgarian: Игнат Дамянов; born 13 July 1987) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Akademik Svishtov.
 Curtis Northrup Strange (born January 30 1955) is an American professional golfer. He is a member of the World Golf Hall of Fame and Virginia Sports Hall of Fame. He spent over 200 weeks in the top-10 of the Official World Golf Ranking between their debut in 1986 and 1990.
 George David Beavan (born 12 January 1990) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Billericay Town in the Isthmian League Premier Division.
 Bradley Allen Brad Lohaus (born September 29 1964) is an American retired professional basketball player who was selected by the Boston Celtics in the second round (45th overall) of the 1987 NBA Draft. A 6'11 center-power forward from the University of Iowa Lohaus played in eleven NBA seasons for eight different teams: the Celtics Sacramento Kings Minnesota Timberwolves Milwaukee Bucks Miami Heat San Antonio Spurs New York Knicks and Toronto Raptors.
 Michael Coady (born in Bristol) is an English rugby league footballer for Leeds Rhinos in the European Super League. He plays at Centre.He attended Bristol Grammar School and Loughborough University.
 James Jamie Matthew Lowery (born January 15 1961) is a former professional soccer player from Canada.
 Tsuyoshi Kawagishi (川岸 強 Kawagishi Tsuyoshi born September 12 1979 in Sagamihara Kanagawa Japan) is the former Nippon Professional Baseball pitcher for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles in Japan's Pacific League.
 Adam James Lingner (born November 2 1960 in Indianapolis Indiana) is a former American football offensive lineman who played thirteen seasons in the National Football League with the Kansas City Chiefs and the Buffalo Bills. Lingner was drafted in 1983 in the 9th round by the Kansas City Chiefs and was the lowest draft pick to make the squad.
 Amantle Montsho (born July 4 1983 in Maun Ngamiland Botswana) is a female sprinter from Botswana who specializes in the 400 metres. She represented her country at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics reaching the final at the latter edition.
 Herman Jabbo Andrews was an American baseball outfielder in the Negro Leagues. He played from 1930 to 1943 with several teams.
 Kanako Omura (大村加奈子 Ōmura Kanako born December 15 1976 in Nakagyō-ku Kyoto) is a volleyball player from Japan.She competed at the 2004 and 2008 Olympic Games for the Japanese team finishing fifth on both occasions.
 Robert Lorenzo Brazile Jr. (born February 7 1953) is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League (NFL). Nicknamed Dr. Doom Brazile played from 1975 to 1984 for the Houston Oilers.
 Freddy The Beaumont Flyer Fryar (born February 15 1936 in Baton Rouge Louisiana) is a retired NASCAR American stock car racing driver. He competed in the NASCAR Grand National and Winston Cup Series between 1956 to 1971 (although they were five non-consecutive years).
 Enrico Rossi Chauvenet (born 4 June 1984) is an Italian footballer.
 Peter Harold Boyne Burge (14 February 1884 – July 1956) was an Australian rugby footballer and coach. He represented his country in both rugby league and rugby union. The eldest of the four Burge brothers Peter was one of the first Australian dual-code rugby internationals.
 Dramaine Coulibaly (born 18 March 1979 in Bamako) is a Malian football player. He also holds a French passport.
 Harold Jack Daniels (December 21 1927 – April 16 2013) was an American outfielder in Major League Baseball.Listed at 5' 10 (1.78 m) 165 lb. (75 kg) Daniels batted and threw left-handed. He was born in Chester Pennsylvania.At age 24 it had been a long journey to the major leagues for Daniels. He spent nearly seven full seasons in the minor leagues playing for nine teams at six different levels before reaching the majors with the Boston Braves during the 1952 season.
 Artemis Dafni (also Artemis Daphnis Greek: Αρτεμις Δάφνη; born November 18 1983 in Berkeley California United States) is a retired Greek-American swimmer who specialized in middle-distance freestyle and in individual medley events.
 Brendan Gaunce (born March 25 1994) is an ice hockey player currently playing for the Erie Otters of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). He was drafted 26th overall in the 2012 National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Vancouver Canucks.His older brother Cameron Gaunce currently plays in the Dallas Stars organization.Internationally Gaunce has represented Canada twice. He won a gold medal at the 2011 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament and a bronze at the 2012 IIHF World U18 Championships.
 Andy Williams (born 7 February 1981 in Swansea) is a Welsh international rugby union player. A scrum half he has attained 5 caps for the Wales national rugby union team.At the beginning of the 2007/2008 season Williams joined the Welsh region Newport Gwent Dragons from Bath. He has also previously played for the Ospreys.In January 2009 his contract with the Dragons was terminated. In September 2009 it was announced that he had joined English Championship side Moseley.
 Paul Davies (born 22 June 1970) is a retired Welsh professional snooker player who lives in Cardiff. He turned professional in 1991 making him one of the longest-standing players on the game's Main Tour.
 Olivier Allamand (born July 31 1969) is a French freestyle skier and Olympic medalist. He received a silver medal at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville.
 Damián Alejandro Manso (Spanish pronunciation: [daˈmjan ˈmanso] born 6 June 1979) is an Argentine footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder. Manso is a free kick specialist also can plays as a left midfielder making known this facet during the period of Edgardo Bauza in 2008 when won the Copa Libertadores title under Bauza's orders as coach.
 Sorin Tănăsie (born June 8 1980 in Craiova Romania) is a professional bantamweight boxer.
 Mamuka Lomidze (Georgian: მამუკა ლომიძე) (born 16 June 1984) is Georgian football player. He is a defender and last played for Dinamo Tbilisi in Georgia.
 Anton C. Falch was a Major League Baseball player. He played five games for the Milwaukee Brewers of the Union Association in 1884 three in left field and two at catcher. He went 2-for-18 at the plate for a batting average of .111.
 Andrea Duran (born April 12 1984) is an American softball player from Selma California. She won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She played college softball at the University of California Los Angeles and graduated in 2006. On the Olympic team she played third base and outfield and she bats and throws right-handed.
 Yuliya Golubchikova (Russian: Юлия Голубчикова; born 27 March 1983 in Moscow Soviet Union) is a Russian pole vaulter.Golubchikova's personal best jump is 4.75 metres achieved at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing where she ended on a fourth place (she cleared the same height as eventual bronze medalist Svetlana Feofanova but Golubchikova needed more attempts). She has 4.75 metres indoor.
 Nathalia Melo Moreira is a Brazilian-born American IFBB Pro fitness and figure competitor (bikini category) fitness model and personal trainer. She is the winner of 2012 Bikini Olympia.Born in Brazil of Italian descent Melo moved to the United States in 2004 and competed at local NPC events starting with 2009 Ft. Lauderdale Cup where she won the Bikini Overall. She got her IFBB Pro Card in 2010 the year IFBB officially recognised the bikini competition category.
 Mohamed Ali Nafkha (born January 25 1986 in Sousse) is a Tunisian football player who is currently playing for Étoile du Sahel on loan from FC Zürich.Nafkha scored twice in Étoile du Sahel's CAF Confederation Cup 2006 group stage match against Espérance to help seal their place in the final. Next year Nafkha scored during Étoile du Sahel's victory in the CAF Champions League 2007 final.On 12 December 2010 He has signed a four-year contract with Swiss Super League club FC Zurich.
 Jan Margo Henne (born August 11 1947) is an American former competition swimmer Olympic champion and former world record-holder.At the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City she received four medals including two golds. Henne won a gold medal by swimming the anchor leg for the winning U.S. team in the women's 4x100-meter freestyle relay. She and her relay teammates Jane Barkman Linda Gustavson and Susan Pedersen set a new Olympic record of 4:02.5 in the event final.
 Andres Võsand (born 10 March 1966 in Rakvere) is a former professional tennis player from Estonia. He represented the Soviet Union for most of his career but was based in West Germany then in 1995 took up German citizenship.
 Lee Yong-jun (Korean: 이용준 born 4 February 1985 in Seoul) is a Korean professional ice hockey center. He is playing in his first year for Anyang Halla. He previously played four seasons for rival High1.
 Tom Brighton (born 28 March 1984) is a Scottish professional association footballer who plays at centre forward. He is currently contracted to Irvine Meadow
 Réka Demeter (born 26 September 1991 in Esztergom) is a Hungarian football defender currently playing for UE L'Estartit in Spain's Primera División. She previously played for Ferencvárosi TC and MTK Hungária FC in Hungary's Noi NB I.She is a member of the Hungarian national team.
 Ephraim Mateen Salaam (born June 19 1976 Chicago Illinois) is a former American football offensive tackle. He was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the seventh round (199th overall) of the 1998 NFL Draft. He played college football at San Diego State.Salaam has played for the Atlanta Falcons Denver Broncos Jacksonville Jaguars Detroit Lions and Houston Texans.
 Bill Carson is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and '60s. An Australian national and New South Wales state representative forward he played his club football in the New South Wales Rugby Football League for Sydney's Western Suburbs club.Carson played for Wests in the 1958 NSWRFL season's and 1961 NSWRFL season's grand finals.
 Lothar Wundratsch is a retired German rower who won the European title in coxed fours in 1957 together with Gerhard Müller Egon Meyer Heinz Dathe and Dietmar Domnick.
 Volodymyr Lysenko (Ukrainian: Володимир Володимирович Лисенко; born 20 April 1988 in Kiev in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football forward for FC Sevastopol in the Ukrainian Premier League.
 Besian Idrizaj (12 October 1987 – 15 May 2010) was an Austrian professional football player who last played as a striker for Swansea City. He was ethnic Albanian.He died of a heart attack on 15 May 2010 at the age of 22.
 Luís Filipe Veiga Dias (born 8 May 1981) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Atlético Clube de Portugal mainly as a right defender.
 Deshaun Thomas (born August 29 1991) is an American professional basketball player for JSF Nanterre of the French League. Thomas played college basketball at The Ohio State University. He was drafted 58th overall in the 2013 NBA Draft by San Antonio Spurs.
 Miklós Gaál (born 13 May 1981 in Celldömölk) is a Hungarian footballer who currently plays for Pécsi MFC.He has played 47 matches in the Hungarian National Championship without scoring a goal. He never played on the Hungarian national team.Previous clubs: Keszthely Szombathelyi Haladás Pécsi MFC Újpest FC Zalaegerszegi TE Maritimo Hajduk Split Amkar Perm.
 Kenta Kano (Japanese: 狩野 健太 born May 2 1986 in Shizuoka Japan) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the J-league team Kashiwa Reysol.
 Lee Stewart Richardson (25 April 1979 – 13 May 2012) was a British international motorcycle speedway rider. Richardson represented Great Britain at senior and under-21 level and featured in several World Cup tournaments. Richardson was World Under 21 champion in 1999 and also won the Elite League Riders' Championship in 2003. He was also a fully fledged Grand Prix rider for four seasons from 2003 until 2006. Richardson joined the Lakeside Hammers for the 2009 season.
 Beltrand de Five Pranger (born May 28 1950 in Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. He competed at the 1972 Summer Paralympics winning a silver in two different swimming races. He competed at the 1976 Summer Paralympics winning a gold in one swimming race and silver in a different swimming race.
 Moira Murić is a Bosnian football forward currently playing for Rudar Škale in Slovenia's SŽNL. She previously played for Olimpija Ljubljana and ŽNK Senožeti.She made her official debut for the Bosnian national team in November 2011 in the 2013 European Championship quailifiers. She scored her first goal three months later in a 2–3 win on Greece.
 Donaldson Nukunu Sackey (born 30 September 1988) is a Togolese international footballer who plays for English club Stockport Sports as a striker.
 Akakios Kakiasvilis or Kakhi Kakhiashvili (Georgian: კახი კახიაშვილი Greek: Ακάκιος Κακιασβίλης; born 13 July 1969 in Tskhinvali South Ossetian AO Georgian SSR USSR) a Georgian-Greek weightlifter is one of only four weightlifters to have won three consecutive gold medals at Olympic Games. He won his first at Barcelona 1992 competing with the Unified Team and later as a citizen of Greece at Atlanta 1996 and in Sydney 2000.
 Charles Luksa (born February 19 1954 in Toronto Ontario) is a Canadian former ice hockey defenceman.Luksa was drafted 172nd overall by the Montreal Canadiens in the 1974 NHL Amateur Draft and 177th overall by the Phoenix Roadrunners in the 1974 WHA Amateur Draft but never played for either team as Luska went on to spend four seasons in the American Hockey League for the Nova Scotia Voyageurs winning the Calder Cup in successive years in 1977 and 1978.
 Doug Smith (born May 17 1963 in Ottawa Ontario) is a retired former professional ice hockey player who played for the Los Angeles Kings Buffalo Sabres Edmonton Oilers Vancouver Canucks and Pittsburgh Penguins over the course of his career. He was selected second overall in the 1981 NHL Entry Draft.
 Kristina Petrovskaya (Russian: Кристина Валентиновна Петровская born June 3 1980) is an ice hockey player. She has competed for the Russian National women's ice hockey team in three Olympic competitions.
 Ahmed Ebrahim Yusuf Al Hujairi (born February 1 1978) is a Bahraini footballer. He currently plays for Al-Ahli of Bahrain as well as the Bahrain national football team.
 Edin Mujčin (born January 14 1970 in Bosanski Brod) is a Bosnian football player. Mujčin moved to Croatia during the Bosnian war.Mujčin spent most of his career with Croatian top team Dinamo Zagreb winning several national titles and appearing in both UEFA Champions League and UEFA Cup. He spent his last two seasons in professional football at NK Kamen Ingrad in the Croatian first division before retiring from professional football following their relegation in 2007.
 Taylor Peay (born September 5 1991) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Orange County Blues FC in USL Pro on loan from Portland Timbers of Major League Soccer.
 Potsangbam Renedy Singh or just Renedy Singh (born 20 June 1979 in Imphal India) is an Indian professional football player who plays for the midfield position in the IMG RELIANCE.
 Allan Hopkins (24 May 1904 – 2 July 2001) was an Australian rules footballer in the (then) Victorian Football League. He started off his career with Footscray Football Club before they joined the Victorian Football League (VFL) in 1925.
 Aruna Dindane (born 26 November 1980) is an Ivorian footballer who is currently unattached and plays as a striker.He has 62 caps and 17 goals for the Ivory Coast since his debut in 2000 and has played at four Africa Cup of Nations and two FIFA World Cups.
 Edinson Roberto Cavani Gómez (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈeðinson kaˈβani]; born 14 February 1987) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for Paris Saint-Germain in the French Ligue 1 and the Uruguayan national team. A very prolific goalscorer Cavani is well known for ability to score impressive goals and his tireless work-rate.
 Inga Berit Svestad (born 28 June 1985 in Åndalsnes) is a Norwegian handball player. She currently plays for Byåsen HE and on the Norwegian national team.She made her debut on the Norwegian national team in 2009 and has played 13 matches and scored 15 goals (up to the start of the 2009 World Women's Handball Championship).
 Ahmed Raouf (born 15 September 1982) is an Egyptian footballer who currently plays for Al-Ahly since January 2014.Raouf was a member in Egypt national football team squad participated in 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup and won the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations. He also played 5 matches in FIFA World Cup 2010 Qualifiers.
 Marc Anthony Logan was born on May 9 1965 in Lexington Kentucky. He is a former American football running back that played NCAA D1-A before playing in the NFL.Marc weighs in at 6'0 228 lbs. Marc attended the University of Kentucky in college wearing the number 25. At Kentucky Marc enjoyed four very successful seasons leading his team in receptions in his Sophomore Junior and Senior years.
 Ralph Rose (born 2 February 1943) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).Rose a Nyah West recruit appeared in the opening 16 rounds of the 1962 VFL season. The centre half-forward played a further nine games in 1963.He is the youngest of the four Rose brothers who played for Collingwood Bill Bob and Kevin.In 1964 he accepted an offer to captain-coach Wycheproof-Narraport and in 1967 he joined Maryborough as playing coach.
 Regina (Gina) Buggy (born November 12 1959 in Plymouth Meeting Pennsylvania) is a former field hockey player from the United States who was a member of the Women's National Team that won the bronze medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles California.
 Shane Cross (22 August 1986 – 7 March 2007) was an Australian street skateboarder from Gold Coast Queensland Australia. Cross gained global prominence within the skateboarding community during the mid-2000s before his death in a motorcycle crash when he was 20.
 Joe Archer (born 20 May 1878) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
 Ross Clayton McBurney (July 29 1906 – July 4 1988) was an American basketball player. A 6'5 center McBurney attended Wichita East High School where he led the team to a national high school championship in 1925. He then attended Wichita State University from 1926 to 1929 where he became the school's first basketball All-American in 1927. That year he led the Shockers to a 19-2 record and a third place finish in the Amateur Athletic Union tournament.
 Vladimir Aleksandrovich Ridel (Russian: Владимир Александрович Ридель; born June 22 1985 in Vladikavkaz Alania) is a Russian professional football player. Currently he plays for FC Avangard Kursk.
 Josef Kunt (born 4 June 1904 date of death unknown) was a Czech fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
 Andrea Pierobon (born 19 July 1969 in Cittadella) is an Italian footballer who plays for A.S. Cittadella as a Goalkeeper.Pierobon rejoined the team that originally signed him to act as a role model for the youth on the squad.
 Floyd Harvey Thomson (born June 14 1949 in Sudbury Ontario) is a Canadian former ice hockey player for the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (NHL). An undrafted player Thompson began his professional career with the International Hockey League's Fort Wayne Komets before signing with the Blues as a free agent in 1970. He played 411 NHL games all with St. Louis scoring 56 goals and 97 assists.
 Lukáš Michna (born 28 April 1990 in Brno) is a Czech football player who currently plays for FC Zbrojovka Brno.
 Bobby Chacon (born November 28 1951 in Sylmar California) is an American former two-time world boxing champion.
 Oscar López (born 24 December 1937 in Lanús) is a retired Argentina footballer and football manager. López started his playing career in 1957 with Independiente. In 1960 he moved down a division to play for Banfield where he was part of the team that won the Argentine 2nd division in 1962.In 1966 he had an unsuccessful spell with Boca Juniors which was plagued by injuries.
 Derek Vernon Brown (born March 31 1970 in Fairfax Virginia) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League.In his final two seasons at Notre Dame he displayed receiving prowess with 37 catches for 545 yards and 5 TD.He was drafted 14th overall in the 1992 NFL Draft by the New York Giants. He also played for the Jacksonville Jaguars the Oakland Raiders and the Arizona Cardinals. He was selected by the Jacksonville Jaguars in the 1995 NFL Expansion Draft.
 John Leonard Gray (born December 11 1927 in West Palm Beach Florida) is a retired American professional baseball player a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for four seasons. He pitched for the Philadelphia Athletics/Kansas City Athletics from 1954 to 1955 the Cleveland Indians in 1957 and the Philadelphia Phillies in 1958.
 Silas Feitosa Jose De Souza (born March 8 1985) is an Brazilian footballer who plays for São Bernardo. He formerly played for clubs including Gostaresh Foolad F.C..
 Peter Desmond (born Cork Ireland November 23 1926 ; died July 1990) was an Irish footballer. Desmond played for several clubs in the League of Ireland and the English League. As an international Desmond also played for Ireland.Desmond made all four appearances for Ireland while playing for Middlesbrough. He made his international debut in a 3-0 win against Finland on September 8 1949 at Dalymount Park in a World Cup qualifier.
 Haley Judith Kopmeyer (born June 28 1990) is an American soccer goalkeeper who currently plays for the Seattle Reign FC of the National Women's Soccer League.
 Kirill Alekseyevich Sukhoversha (Russian: Кирилл Алексеевич Суховерша; born April 20 1986) is a Russian professional football player who last played for FC Yakutiya Yakutsk.
 Chung Kin Hei (Chinese: 鍾健希; Jyutping: zung1 gin6 hei1; born September 20 1972 in Hong Kong) is a retired Hong Kong footballer who played in the left back position.
 Evander Holyfield (born October 19 1962) is a retired American professional boxer.
 Johnny Dunne (1905–1954) was an Irish hurler who played as a full-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.Born in Bennettsbridge County Kilkenny Dunne first excelled at hurling in his youth. He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of twenty-three when he first linked up with the Kilkenny senior team. Dunne went on to play a key part for Kilkenny during a successful era for the team and won two All-Ireland medals three Leinster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
 Shawn 'The House of' Mayne (born June 5 1980 in Montreal Quebec) is a Canadian football defensive end for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League. He was drafted by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats with the 18th overall pick in the 2006 CFL Draft. He played college football at UConn.He was acquired by Montreal through a trade with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. He was released by the Alouettes and re-signed with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers on February 15 2011.
 Samuel Ojebode (c. 1945 – 4 July 2012) was a Nigerian footballer.
 Caleb Charles Gindl (born August 31 1988) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the Milwaukee Brewers of Major League Baseball.Gindl attended Pace High School in Pace Florida. Milwaukee selected Gindl in the fifth round of the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft. That year he played for the Rookie league Helena Brewers where in 55 games he hit .372 with 5 HR 42 RBI and 22 doubles.
 Christos Tomaras (Greek: Χρήστος Τομαράς born 14 January 1989) is an Australian-Greek footballer currently playing for Sydney Olympic in the National Premier Leagues NSW as a striker.
 Jimmie Lewallen (August 22 1919 – October 16 1995) was an American stock car racing driver from High Point North Carolina USA. He competed in NASCAR's Strictly Stock/Grand National division (now called the Sprint Cup Series) from its first race at Charlotte Speedway in 1949 until 1960.
 Emily LeSueur (born November 7 1972 in Glendale California) is an American competitor in synchronized swimming and Olympic champion.She competed with the American team that received a gold medal in synchronized team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
 Emanuele Di Zenzo (born 26 December 1979) is a Swiss football midfielder who is currently a free agent after most recently playing for AC Bellinzona in the Swiss Super League.
 Michael 'Titch' Phelan (born 1967) from Glenmore County Kilkenny Ireland is a former inter-county hurler. Phelan was formally recognised as a sportsperson of national significance in 1992 when nominated as a GAA Allstar. He played both for his local club Glenmore and as a member of the Kilkenny senior inter-county team for over a decade in the 1980s and 1990s.
 Aleksei Alekseievich Muldarov (Georgian: ალექსეი ალექსეიევიჭ მულდაროვ; born April 24 1984) is a Kazakhstani professional footballer. He plays for FC Aktobe. Before that he last played in the Russian Premier League for FC Mordovia Saransk being a skipper of the side. In February 2013 he left the club by mutual agreement.
 Luc Castaignos (born 27 September 1992) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a striker for the Eredivisie club Twente and for the Netherlands U21. He is the all-time top scorer of the Netherlands U17 national team. As a player he has drawn comparisons to Thierry Henry.
 Daniel Joseph Orton (born August 6 1990) is an American professional basketball player. He is a 6-foot 10-inch 275-pound center who played for the University of Kentucky Wildcats. He has also played for the Orlando Magic Oklahoma City Thunder and Philadelphia 76ers.
 Alexander Constantine Alex Dyer (born 14 November 1965 in Forest Gate Greater London) is an English former footballer who played as a defender for eleven clubs in a seventeen-year professional career. His achievements as a player including helping Blackpool win promotion to the Third Division in 1985 and Crystal Palace to the First Division in 1989.He is currently assistant manager at Charlton Athletic.
 María Cecilia Colombo de Serrano (born February 14 1962) is a retired female field hockey defender from Argentina. She was a member of the Women's National Team that finished in seventh place at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul South Korea after having won the gold medal the previous year at the Pan American Games in Indianapolis.
 Clifford Cliff Collinson (3 March 1920 – September 1990) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Manchester United during the 1946–47 season.Born in Middlesbrough in north-east England Collinson was spotted playing for Urmston Boys Club towards the end of the Second World War and joined Manchester United as an amateur in May 1946. He turned professional in September 1946 before making his debut for the club in a scoreless draw away to Aston Villa on 2 November 1946.
 Li Fei (Chinese: 黎斐; pinyin: Lí Fěi; February 17 1983) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a left-footed midfielder for Shenzhen Ruby in the China League One.
 Charles J. Spencer Jr. (born March 17 1982 in Poughkeepsie New York) is an American football offensive tackle who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Houston Texans in the third round of the 2006 NFL Draft. He played college football at Pittsburgh.Spencer has also been a member of the Carolina Panthers Jacksonville Jaguars and Florida Tuskers.
 Emilio José Palacios Luna (born 8 October 1982) is a Nicaraguan footballer who currently plays for Diriangén in the Primera División de Nicaragua.Palacios is Nicaragua's all-time national team record goalscorer with 11 goals.
 Sadia Yousuf (born 4 November 1989) is a female Pakistani cricketer. She Represented Pakistan Women since 2008.
 Shin-soo Choo (Hangul: 추신수; Hanja: 秋信守; born July 13 1982) is a South Korean professional baseball outfielder for the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball. He has also played for the Seattle Mariners Cleveland Indians and Cincinnati Reds.Choo was selected as the Most Valuable Player (MVP) and Best Pitcher of the 2000 World Junior Baseball Championship as South Korea won the event. Choo signed a $1.35 million contract with the Mariners after the championship and converted to the outfield.
 Reza Nasseri Aghchay (Persian: رضا ناصری آقچای‎ born 16 September 1975 in Iran) is an Iranian futsal player. He is a Goalkeeper and currently a member of Shahrdari Saveh.
 Marcela Krůzová is a Czech football striker currently playing for Slavia Prague in the Czech First Division.She is a member of the Czech national team since 2010.
 Allen Pinkett (born January 25 1964 in Washington D.C.) is a former professional American football player who played running back for six seasons for the Houston Oilers. He grew up in the Sterling Virginia area and attended Park View High School there in the early 1980s.
 William D. Willie Marshall (born 9 July 1884) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
 Marc Elton Cayeux (born 22 February 1978) is a Zimbabwean professional golfer. His father is South African and his mother English. He was born in Lancaster England and raised in Zimbabwe leaving school at 14 to pursue a career in golf. He is a Zimbabwean/British dual national but plays golf as a Zimbabwean.Cayeux finished fourth on the Challenge Tour in 2004 to gain exemption to the full European Tour for 2005.
 Oliver Edward Michael Campbell (February 25 1871 Brooklyn New York – July 11 1953 Campbellton New Brunswick Canada) was a former American male tennis player.
 Craig Napier (born 14 November 1965 in East Kilbride) is a former Scottish football defender.Napier began his career with Clyde making over 100 appearances in 4 years before moving to Hamilton Academical. He stayed with the Accies for 6 years before having relatively short spells at Kilmarnock Falkirk and Ayr United. He retired in 1996.
 Milan Zorica (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Зорица born 7 January 1992) is a Serbian footballer who plays for FK Dunav Stari Banovci.Born in Knin he played with FK Sopot before joining Serbian SuperLiga side FK Hajduk Kula during the winter break of the 2011-12 season. A year later he moved to FK Dunav Stari Banovci playing in the Serbian League Vojvodina.
 Brent Sherwin (born 20 March 1978 in Greenacre New South Wales) is an Australian professional rugby league player. Sherwin currently plays in the Illawarra Carlton League which is an indirect feeder league to the St George Illawarra Dragons. His position of choice is at half-back. Sherwin previously played for Catalans Dragons Castleford Tigers the Bulldogs and has also been represented for City Origin.Sherwin played for the Bulldogs from 1999 to 2007.
 Janusz Kurczab (born 6 September 1937) is a Polish fencer and mountain climber. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
 Peet Poillon (born May 21 1987 in LaJolla California) is a professional lacrosse player who currently plays for the Chesapeake Bayhawks of Major League Lacrosse a Re-Peet of sorts.
 Billy Hughes (born 30 December 1948) is a former professional footballer. During his career he played as a forward for Sunderland Derby County Leicester City Carlisle United and San Jose Earthquakes making a total of 349 appearances scoring 87 goals. He also won one cap for the Scotland national football team.
 Keith Ranspot is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for five seasons for the Chicago Cardinals Green Bay Packers Detroit Lions Brooklyn Dodgers and Boston Yanks.
 Louis G. Lou Spanos is a football coach currently serving as the linebackers coach for the Tennessee Titans football team. He was previously a defensive quality control and assistant linebackers coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers for many years the linebackers coach for the Washington Redskins and the defensive coordinator for the UCLA Bruins football team.
 Pat O’Connor (born 7 January 1985) is an Australian rugby unionfootballer. He has played for the Western Force and the Waratahs in Super Rugby and for SU Agen in the Top 14. His usual position is lock.
 Aleksandr Zabelin (born 6 December 1931) is a Russian former sport shooter who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
 Nichlas Torp (born April 10 1989 in Jönköping) is a Swedish ice hockey player. He is currently playing with Modo Hockey in the Elitserien. He was drafted by the Montreal Canadiens in the sixth round of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft 163rd overall.
 Yves Hermann Ekwala (born 9 May 1985) is a Cameroonian footballer currently playing for China League One side Qingdao Hainiu.
 Marios Basmatzian (born 6 May 1978) is a Greek fencer. He competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
 Alex Polisois is a Canadian table tennis player.
 Andy Thomas (born November 14 1985) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman. He is currently playing with the Orli Znojmo of the Austrian Hockey League.
 Edwin Hill Handley (born 1806 in London; died 2 May 1843 at Cadiz Spain) was an English cricketer with amateur status. He was associated with Cambridge University and made his first-class debut in 1827.
 Dylan McFarland (born July 11 1980 Kalispell Montana) is a former American football offensive lineman for the Buffalo Bills in the National Football League and the Hamburg Sea Devils in NFL Europa. After playing college football at the University of Montana where he was two-time All-American McFarland was drafted in the seventh round of the 2004 NFL Draft by the Buffalo Bills.
 Jim Abernethy (born 4 November 1902) was a half back flanker who played for the Melbourne Football Club after being schooled at Wesley College. He played 130 games for Melbourne between 1923–24 and 1926–32. He kicked 61 goals.Abernethy was originally from Shepparton and attended boarding school at Wesley. Abernethy had a successful junior career for Wesley being the champion player of the Associated Public Schools of Victoria. As such he attracted interest from many VFL clubs.
 Pálmi Rafn Pálmason (born 9 November 1984) is an Icelandic footballer who is currently playing for Lillestrøm in the Norwegian Tippeligaen.
 Craig Dean Levie (born August 17 1959 in Calgary Alberta) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played 183 games in the National Hockey League for the St. Louis Blues Minnesota North Stars Winnipeg Jets and Vancouver Canucks.
 Camille Dias (born August 28 1996 in Leysin Switzerland) is an alpine skier competing for Portugal. She will compete for Portugal at the 2014 Winter Olympics in the slalom and giant slalom. Dias is the daughter of emigrants from Portugal who now live in Switzerland which allows her to compete for the country.
 Charles William Terry Charlie MacGill (16 June 1916 – 31 October 1999) was an Australian cricketer. He played six first-class matches for Western Australia between 1939 and 1951. MacGill also served with the Royal Australian Air Force during World War II. His son Terry MacGill and grandson Stuart MacGill both played first-class cricket for Western Australia with Stuart also playing 44 Tests for Australia.
 Chris Silvestro (born 16 March 1979 in Bellshill) is a Scottish footballer currently without a club after being released by Raith Rovers.
 Andrew Dindar (born 26 June 1942) is a former South African born English cricketer. Dindar was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace and who occasionally fielded as a wicketkeeper. He was born at Johannesburg Transvaal.Dindar made his first-class debut for Gloucestershire in the 1962 County Championship against Leicesrershire. From 1962 to 1963 he represented the county in 7 first-class matches the last of which came against Worcestershire.
 Álvaro Pineda (November 9 1945 – January 18 1975) was a Mexican jockey who competed in thoroughbred horse racing in the United States.A top jockey in California in 1966 Álvaro Pineda finished second in wins at Del Mar Racetrack to Donald Pierce then was the track's leading rider in 1968. He made one appearance in the Kentucky Derby finishing 13th in 1967.
 Coco Vandeweghe (born December 6 1991) is an American professional tennis player. She played on the junior circuit where she reached a high ranking of junior world no. 15. She won the 2008 US Open Girls' singles championship. She made her WTA debut in the 2007 Acura Classic in San Diego before winning her first WTA-level match in the 2009 LA Women's Tennis Championships In May 2010 she won the $50000 Challenger-level LA Open Women's Singles championship in Carson California.
 Chandler Williams III (August 9 1985 – January 5 2013) was an American football wide receiver who last played as a member of the Tampa Bay Storm. He was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the seventh round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at Florida International.Williams was also a member of the Miami Dolphins Atlanta Falcons and Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League as well as the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.
 Hamid Darwich Mido (Arabic: حميد درويش ميدو‎) (born in Syria) is an Syrian footballer. He currently plays for Al-Minaa in Iraq. His older brother Mohamad Mido plays for Al-Saqr
 Lukáš Bielák (born 14 December 1986 in Ružomberok) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Bogdanka Łęczna.
 Alfred Bentley (15 September 1887 – 15 April 1940) better known as Alf Bentley was an English footballer who played as a centre-forward.
 Georgi Vladimirovich Smurov (Russian: Георгий Владимирович Смуров; born May 29 1983 in Volzhsky Volgograd Oblast) is a Russian professional footballer. He plays for FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg. He made his debut in the Russian Premier League in 2005 for FC Rostov.
 Andrea Jean Hayes (born January 12 1969) is an American former competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul South Korea. At the 1988 Olympics she finished sixth in the final of the women's 200-meter backstroke event with a time of 2:15.02. She is best known for winning a gold medal in the 200-meter backstroke at the inaugural 1985 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Tokyo Japan.
 Laura Aleida Sánchez Soto (born October 16 1985 in Guadalajara) is a female diver from Mexico. She has represented her native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics starting in 2004 (Athens Greece).Sánchez scored her first Olympic medal on August 5 2012 in London when she won the bronze in 3 meter springboard diving.Sánchez also won two gold medals at the Pan American Games in 2011 one gold and one silver in 2007 and two silver in 2003.
 Duško Grujić (Serbian Cyrillic: Душкo Гpуjић born September 15 1972 in Kula) is a former Serbian footballer who played last for Békéscsabai Előre FC as defender.
 Jesse Pike (September 17 1890 – October 1986) was an American cyclist. He competed in two events at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
 Louisa Hill (born 2 March 1962) is a New Zealand dressage rider. She represented New Zealand at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the individual dressage finishing 48th.
 James Burke Fairey (born September 22 1944 in Orangeburg South Carolina) is a former outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played from 1968-1973 for the Los Angeles Dodgers and Montreal Expos.
 Percy Hooper (born 17 December 1914 in Lambeth London England died 1997 in King's Lynn Norfolk) was an English professional footballer who played for Northfleet United Tottenham Hotspur Swansea Town and King's Lynn.Percy Hooper was a goalkeeper who played for Tottenham Hotspur between 1934 and 1939 making 108 appearances (97 league and 11 F.A. Cup) for the club. During the period of the Second World War he guested for several teams.
 Liane Buhr née Weigelt (born 11 March 1956 in Pritzwalk) is a German rower who competed for the SG Dynamo Potsdam/ Sportvereinigung (SV) Dynamo. She won medals at the international rowing competitions.
 Boris Sekulić (Serbian Cyrillic: Борис Секулић born 21 October 1991) is a Serbian football defender who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club MFK Košice.
 Mejdi Traoui (born December 13 1983 in Sousse) is a Tunisian footballer.
 Jose Lino Alvarez (born April 12 1956) is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher. He played four seasons at the major league level pitching for the Atlanta Braves. He played for the Braves in 1981 and 1982 then spent five seasons in the minor leagues before returning to the Braves in 1988 and 1989.Alvarez played his first professional season with the Braves Rookie league Kingsport Braves in 1978 and his last with their Triple-A club the Richmond Braves in 1995.
 Meiliana Jauhari (born Jakarta DKI Jakarta; 7 May 1984) is a female badminton player from Indonesia.Meiliana competed women's doubles in BWF Super Series at the 2008 Indonesia Super Series 2009 Malaysia Super Series and 2009 Korea Super Series with her partner Shendy Puspa Irawati.Now Meiliana played with Greysia Polii in the women's doubles. Surprisingly at the first time they played together they beat Korean pairs Lee Kyung-won and Ha Jung-eun 21-14 21-12.
 Stephen Williams (born 6 May 1961) is a former Australian rules footballer in the South Australian National Football League playing for the Port Adelaide Magpies and is currently an assistant development coach at Port Adelaide Power.Stephen Williams is the son of Port Adelaide legend Fos Williams and younger brother of twins Mark and Anthony. Stephen Williams was originally listed with West Adelaide Football Club along with Mark and Anthony where father Fos was coach.
 Amber Merritt (born 17 February 1993) is a 4.5-point wheelchair basketball player who plays forward. She represented Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London where she won a silver medal.Born in England Merritt moved to Australia when she was ten years old. She was originally a swimmer but was recruited into basketball by the Paralympic Hall of Fame coach Frank Ponta in 2007.
 Fauzal Mubaraq is an Indonesian footballer who plays for PSPS Pekanbaru in the Indonesia Super League as a goalkeeper. His height is 180 cm.
 Mark Ashford-Smith (December 26 1962 – June 7 2013) was an English professional wrestler best known by his ring name Mark Starr. He has competed as a member of several tag teams.
 Raymond Darlington Felix (December 10 1930 – July 28 1991) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in New York City. He played college basketball at Long Island University.A 6' 11 center from Long Island University Felix was selected by the Baltimore Bullets with the first pick in the 1953 NBA Draft. He won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award in 1954 after averaging 17.6 points and 13.3 rebounds.
 Rodrigo Osvaldo Rivera Godoy (born December 3 1983 in Coquimbo) is a Chilean footballer currently plays for Ñublense.
 Kevin Mullaney is a retired American professional darts player who competed in the 1980s. He competed in the 1982 World Masters losing in the first round to John Joe O'Shea. He also played in the 1983 BDO World Darts Championship but was defeated in the first round by Swedish player Stefan Lord.
 Colin Francis Lundstrum (born 9 October 1938) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as a winger for Ipswich Town and Colchester United.
 Roy Barker (born February 24 1969 in New York New York) is a former professional American football player who played defensive end for nine seasons for the Minnesota Vikings San Francisco 49ers Cleveland Browns and Green Bay Packers. Also played on the Central Islip New York football Team in High School.
 Gary Norman Hurring (born 10 October 1961 in Auckland) is a former swimmer from New Zealand who won the gold medal at the 1978 Commonwealth Games in the men's 200 metres backstroke. He gained silver in the same event at the 1978 World Aquatics Championships.Hurring was considered a possible medallist for the 1980 Summer Olympics but was denied the opportunity due to the boycott by the majority of New Zealand Olympic sports associations.
 Jamal David Mayers (born October 24 1974) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward who played 15 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He was a member of the 2013 Stanley Cup-winning Chicago Blackhawks. He also spent time playing for the St. Louis Blues Toronto Maple Leafs Calgary Flames and San Jose Sharks. He is currently an analyst for the NHL Network.
 Wilfried Hartung (born 16 August 1953) is a retired German swimmer. Born in East Berlin East Germany he competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics and won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay in 1972. He is the divorced husband of two-time silver Olympic swimmer Gabriele Wetzko.
 Bruno Caldini Perone (born 6 July 1987) or simply Bruno Perone is a Brazilian footballer that plays as a central defender or defensive midfielder for Icasa.
 Jane Couch MBE (born 14 August 1968) became the first officially licensed British female boxer in 1998. In a 14-year professional career she won numerous world titles and announced her retirement from boxing on 1 December 2008. Couch has since become a boxing promoter.
 Michael Francis Hickey (1871–1918) was a second baseman in Major League Baseball. He played in one game for the Boston Beaneaters of the National League on September 14 1899. He played college ball at the College of the Holy Cross and he had an extensive minor league career from 1893 through 1905.
 Duncan Casey (born 14 November 1990 in Cork Ireland) is an Irish rugby union player for Munster. He plays as a Hooker. Casey plays his club rugby with Shannon RFC.
 Kyle Lawson (born January 11 1987) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing for the Florida Everblades in the ECHL. He was selected by the Carolina Hurricanes in the 7th round (198th overall) of the 2005 NHL Entry Draft.
 Svenja Würth (born 20 August 1993) is a female German ski jumper.
 Lim Kyung-Hee (born 16 November 1982 in Gyeonggi Province) is a South Korean long-distance runner. She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics placing 76th with a time of 2:39:03.
 Jesús Parra Ramírez (born January 11 1972) is a Mexican Luchador enmascarado or masked professional wrestler best known under the ring name Hooligan. Ramírez has worked for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) since 2002 and is a founding member of the group Los Guerreros Tuareg as well as being a core member in the group that preceded it Pandilla Guerrera. Ramírez has previously wrestled under the ring names Super Punk and Último Rebelde.
 Downtown Eddie Brown (born August 6 1966 in Sacramento California) was a slotback in the Canadian Football League between 1990 & 2002. In all Brown played with eight CFL teams and appeared in two Grey Cup championships with the Edmonton Eskimos winning one in 1993.In 1995 he played for the Memphis Mad Dogs. In 1996 after the demise of the Memphis Mad Dogs he re-signed with the Edmonton Eskimos.
 Sun Yang (simplified Chinese: 孙杨; traditional Chinese: 孫楊; pinyin: Sūn Yáng; born 1 December 1991 in Hangzhou Zhejiang; ancestral home Huai'nan Anhui) is a Chinese Olympic and world-record-holding distance swimmer. He swam for China at the 2008 Olympics. At the 2010 Asian Games he won the men's 1500m freestyle in an Asian Record; this swim and his two other medals at the Games were cited in his being named the Rookie of the Year at the 2010 CCTV Sports Awards.
 Sami Mutanen is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Ässät of the SM-liiga.
 Justin Leppitsch (born 1 October 1975) is a former professional Australian rules footballer and the current coach of the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League.
 Jonathan David Atkinson (born 1 January 1976 in Cleveland North Yorkshire England) was an English footballer who played as a midfielder for Darlington in The Football League.
 Anna Christina Titti Rodling (born 19 December 1970 in Bräcke) is a Swedish former alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics.
 Kenrick Henry Harris (15 November 1885 – date of death unknown) was a Welsh cricketer. Harris' batting and bowling styles are unknown. He was born in Newport Monmouthshire.Harris made a single appearance for Glamorgan in the 1913 Minor Counties Championship against Monmouthshire. Following World War I he joined Monmouthshire making his debut for the county in the 1921 Minor Counties Championship against the Surrey Second XI.
 Jamie Dowling (born 29 October 1990) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Gold Coast Titans of the National Rugby League. He is the grandson of former St. George Dragons and Queensland hooker John Dowling.
 Nate Hetherington is an American soccer player who played professionally in the USL A-League. Hetherington grew up in Encinita California playing first for the San Diego Surf and then the La Jolla Nomads youth clubs. He graduated from San Dieguito High School and attended the University of California San Diego.
 Travis Jarrod Blackley (born 4 November 1982) is an Australian professional baseball pitcher who is currently with the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles of the Nippon Professional Baseball League. Previously he has pitched for the Kia Tigers of the Korean Baseball Organization and for several Major League Baseball (MLB) teams.
 David King (born 8 May 1984) is an English pair skater who represents Great Britain. With partner Stacey Kemp he is an eight-time British national champion.Originally a skier King began skating at age 10. He teamed up with Kemp in 2003. The pair became engaged in 2010.
 Drew Helm (born November 9 1984 in Jupiter Florida) is an American soccer player who currently plays forward for Orlando City U-23's of the Premier Development League a fourth-tier football league in the United States.Helm began his collegiate soccer career at the University of South Florida. He played two years at USF appearing in 17 matches notching 3 goals and 7 assists.
 Adam Byström Johansson (born March 2 1996) is a Swedish ice hockey player. He is currently playing with Växjö Lakers of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).Johansson made his Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Växjö Lakers during the 2013–14 SHL season.
 Fred Bretonnel (1 January 1905 – 4 September 1928) was a French lightweight boxer and title holder of the Featherweight Championship of France from 24 June to 7 October 1924 when it was taken by Lucien Vinez.In a career totalling 23 matches he lost 9 drew 4 and won 9 with one Knock out a full record of his boxing career can be found here. He fought in the first French-German match in France after the First World War on 10 May 1922 defeating Paul Czirson.
 Paweł Wojciechowski (born April 30 1984 in Zielona Góra) is a Polish defender who plays for Lechia Zielona Góra.
 Mohammad Nasim Khan (born 1 June 1976) is a Pakistani cricketer. Khan is a left-handed batsman who bowls slow left-arm orthodox. He was born at Quetta Balochistan Province. He is also known as Mohammad Naseem.Having made his List A debut for Quetta in the 1998/99 Tissot Cup against Hyderabad a tournament in which he made five appearances for the team Khan made his first-class debut for Pakistan Customs against Lahore City in the 1999/00 Quaid-e-Azam Trophy.
 Johanna Dejager (1969) is a Canadian professional female bodybuilder. She currently lives in Ottawa Ontario Canada.
 Matthew Anthony Matt Willis (born April 13 1984) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent in the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the Baltimore Ravens as an undrafted free agent in 2007. He played college football at UCLA.
 Aiden Anthony O'Brien (born 4 October 1993) is a footballer who plays for Millwall as a striker.
 Jenly Tegu Wini (born 9 June 1983 in Honiara Solomon Islands) is Solomons Islander weightlifter. She competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics at the women's 58 kg category. She was flag bearer of Solomon Islands sports team in the opening ceremony. In the event Wini finished at #17.
 Pat Flynn (born 13 January 1985 in Dublin) is an Irish footballer currently playing for Longford Town in the League of Ireland.Flynn made his League of Ireland debut for Waterford United at St Patrick's Athletic on 10 March 2006. After 2 seasons at the Regional Sports Centre he signed for Shamrock Rovers in December 2007.Flynn made his Rovers debut on the opening day of the 2008 season. He marked Cristiano Ronaldo on his debut for Real Madrid against Rovers in 2009.
 Betty Pariso is a professional bodybuilder from the United States. She was one of the oldest professional bodybuilder while she was competing. She is also the IFBB Competitor's Rep for the female athletes.
 Serginho Sergio van Dijk (born 6 August 1982) is an Dutch-born Indonesian naturalised footballer who plays for Sepahan in the Iran Pro League. He was the top goalscorer in the 2010–11 A-League regular season and made a name for himself in Australian football for his prolific scoring tally.
 Samuel Loch (born 26 June 1983) is an Australian rower. Loch studied and rowed at both the King's School in Sydney and Princeton University from which he graduated in 2006. He competed in both the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.
 Émile Béjot was a French sports shooter. He competed in the trap event at the 1908 Summer Olympics.
 Satish Singh (born 10 November 1993 in India) is an Indian footballer who plays as a defender for Churchill Brothers in the I-League.
 Laura Estela Mulhall (born November 30 1957) is an Argentine former field hockey goalkeeper who played more than hundred international matches for the Women's National Team. She was a member of the team that finished in seventh place at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul South Korea. At the 1998 Women's Hockey World Cup she competed at her last international tournament aged forty. Mulhall was succeeded by Mariela Antoniska.
 Tatyana Valeryevna Sibileva (Russian: Татьяна Валерьевна Сибилева; born 17 May 1980 in Chelyabinsk) is a female race walker from Russia.She won the 2012 Memorial Mario Albisetti in Lugano.
 Gu Cao (Chinese: 顾操; born 31 May 1988 in Shanghai) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Henan Jianye.
 Josua Koroibulu is a rugby league player for Armidale. He played for the Fiji national rugby league team.
 Simphiwe Nongqayi is a professional boxer from South Africa. He resides in Border Post Eastern Cape South Africa. His nickname is Golden Master. He won the vacant IBF junior bantamweight title by defeating Mexican Jorge Arce on 15 September 2009. On 19 April 2010 Nonggayi fought Malik Bouziane to a draw in France. He then lost the IBF junior bantamweight title to Mexican Juan Alberto Rosas on 31 July 2010.
 Jeff Campbell is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for the Detroit Lions and Denver Broncos.
 Daniele Rosania (born 22 March 1991) is an Italian footballer who plays for Lega Pro Prima Divisione club Ascoli.
 Sam Khalifa (born December 5 1963) is a retired American professional baseball player. An infielder Khalifa played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1985 through 1987. He retired from baseball when his father Rashad Khalifa was murdered in 1990. Khalifa is the only Arab American to play in MLB.
 David Rodríguez Sánchez (born 14 February 1986 in Talavera de la Reina Toledo) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Brighton & Hove Albion in the Football League Championship as a forward.
 Robert Marsack Manser (10 October 1880 – 15 February 1955) was an English cricketer.Manser represented Hampshire in a single first-class match against the touring South Africans at the Municipal Ground Alton in 1904.In 1909 Manser joined Dorset representing the club in the 1909 Minor Counties Championship.
 Levi Copestake was an English professional footballer. An outside left he played in the Football League for Blackpool and Bristol City.
 Chris Eversley is an American college basketball player who just finished his career with the Cal Poly Mustangs men's basketball team. In 2010 he transferred from Rice where he had been averaging 5.0 minutes per game. Eversley attended Walter Payton College Prep where he became the first athlete in the school's history to sign a National Letter of Intent (NLI) with a Division I men's basketball program.
 Aderbar Melo dos Santos Neto also known as Santos (born March 17 1990 in Campina Grande) is a Brazilian football goalkeeper who plays for Atlético Paranaense.
 Charles Nelson Manning (born March 31 1979 in Winter Haven Florida) is a former professional baseball relief pitcher who last played for the Southern Maryland Blue Crabs. He played part of the 2008 season in Major League Baseball for the Washington Nationals. He went to the University of Tampa and is listed with a height of 6'2 and weight of 180 pounds. Manning throws and bats left-handed.Manning was selected in the 9th round of the 2001 Major League Baseball Draft by the New York Yankees.
 Chris Best (born April 3 1983 in Calgary Alberta) is a Canadian football guard for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League. He played CIS Football at Waterloo as well as playing four seasons in the United States at Duke University. He graduated from Duke University in 2005 with a degree in Mechanical Engineering and is currently finishing his master's degree from the University of Waterloo.
 Devaun Sammy DeGraff (born December 25 1980) is a Bermudian soccer player who currently plays for Bermuda Hogges in the USL Second Division.
 Jerry Moose Harper (August 4 1934 – September 16 2001) was an American basketball player best known for his collegiate career at the University of Alabama at Tuscaloosa between 1952–53 and 1955–56. Harper a native of Louisville Kentucky was 6 ft 8 in (2.03 m) and played the center and forward positions.In 1952–53 his freshman season he was voted a second team All-American by the Associated Press (AP). He averaged 17.8 points and 17.0 rebounds per game in 21 games played.
 Eirini Kokkinariou (Greek: Ειρήνη Κοκκιναρίου born 14 February 1981 in Athens Greece) is a female Greek long-distance runner. She competes mostly in the 3000 metres steeplechase event. In 2012 she was banned from the sport for two years after doping.She finished ninth at the 2006 World Cup and took the third place at the 2007 Superleague.
 Matt Bosher (born October 18 1987) is an American football punter for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Falcons in the sixth round of the 2011 NFL Draft. Bosher played high school football at Jupiter High School in Jupiter Florida. He played college football at the University of Miami.
 Richard William Dick Barker Jr. was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for the Chicago Bears and Rock Island Independents.
 Guy Mortimer Coleridge Davidge (2 March 1878 – 17 February 1956) was an English cricketer who played just once at first-class level appearing for Worcestershire against Oxford University at The University Parks in May 1911. He was bowled for a duck by Claude Burton in his only innings and did not bowl his only contribution to the scorecard coming when he held a catch to dismiss Robert Braddell.
 Darley Ramon Torres (born 15 December 1989 in Pedro Leopoldo) commonly known as Darley is a Brazilian footballer. He currently plays as a goalkeeper and is a Free Agent after being released from his contract from Eredivisie club Feyenoord.
 José da Silva was a Portuguese footballer.
 István Hamar (born 6 October 1970 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Vecsés FC in the Hungarian Second Division. In addition to playing for professional teams in Hungary he played for the Hungarian national team.
 Paul Wheatley (born 12 April 1981) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League (AFL). A Preston Knights recruit Wheatley made his debut for the Melbourne Football Club in 2000 after being selected at number 20 in the 1999 AFL Draft.Wheatley is known for his prodigious kicking with his ability to pinpoint 60 metre passes using the drop punt.
 Henri Joseph Gedein Laame (born 31 January 1891 date of death unknown) was a Belgian horse rider who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.In 1920 he and his horse Biscuit won the silver medal in the team jumping competition.Eight years later he and his horse Belga finished eighth with the Belgian team in the team dressage competition after finishing 27th in the individual dressage event.
 Brian Richard Ledbetter (born November 18 1963 in San Diego California) is a former American competitive sailor who won a silver medal in the finn class at the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona.
 Vladimir Leitner (born 28 June 1974) is a retired Slovak football defender who last played for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club MŠK Žilina. Leitner played 25 international games for Slovakia and scored one goal.
 Adolfo Samuel Acosta Rodriguez (born 19 May 1981) is a 5-a-side football player from Spain. Playing for the Spanish national team he won a pair of bronze medals at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and the 2012 Summer Paralympics. Competing at the 2008 Summer Paralympics his team finished just out of medal contention in fourth place overall. Outside of football he is on the Executive Board and is a member of the General Assembly for the Federación Española de Deportes para Ciegos (FEDC).
 Ruthie Matthes (born November 11 1965) is an American professional bicycle racer who won the World Cross-Country Mountain Bike Championship in 1991. She is also a road cyclist having twice finished in 2nd place in the Women's Challenge bicycle stage race. Ruthie is one of a series of professional riders who got their start in cycling through the Red Zinger Mini Classics youth bicycle race series in Colorado.
 Betty Maker (10 December 1925 – 2 February 2004) was a New Zealand cricketer. She played in three Test matches in 1966.
 Daniëlle van Rossem (born 10 June 1935) is a Dutch fencer. She competed in the women's individual and team foil events at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
 Alan Phillips (born 17 June 1956) is a South African retired badminton and baseball player. He won the national badminton championship 27 times more than any other player. Phillips also played for the South African national baseball team in the 2000 Summer Olympics. As of October 2012 Phillips serves as a baseball coach.
 Curt Russell Lyons (born October 17 1974 in Greencastle Indiana) is an American former professional baseball player. A pitcher Lyons played three games of Major League Baseball with the Cincinnati Reds in 1996. His baseball career ended in 2000 with the Akron Aeros of Minor League Baseball.
 Ulaş Güler (born April 8 1980 in Aydin Turkey) is a Turkish footballer. He currently plays for Giresunspor.
 Oumar Sène (born October 23 1959 in Dakar Senegal) is a former football midfielder.
 Sergio Oscar Almirón (born September 20 1985 in San Nicolás de los Arroyos Rosario) is an Argentine football forward who currently plays for Blooming in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano.
 John Townsend (born 16 June 1943) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the VFL.Originally from Sale Townsend came to Melbourne and made his league debut in 1962. He played as a rover and was handy near goals topping the club's goalkicking in their premiership season of 1964 with 35 of them. Townsend won Melbourne's Best and Fairest award in both 1965 and 1969. He finished his career in the VFA with Prahran.
 Futabayama Sadaji (双葉山 定次; February 9 1912 – December 16 1968) born as Akiyoshi Sadaji (龝吉 定次) in Oita Prefecture Japan was the 35th Yokozuna in sumo wrestling from 1937 until 1945. He won twelve yūshō or top division championships and had a winning streak of 69 consecutive bouts an all-time record. Despite his dominance he was extremely popular with the public. After his retirement he was head coach of Tokitsukaze stable and chairman of the Japan Sumo Association.
 Kevin Rey Smith (born April 7 1970) is a former professional American football player who played cornerback in the National Football League for nine seasons for the Dallas Cowboys.
 Geoffrey Barron Taylor (February 4 1890 – April 25 1915) was a Canadian rower who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.He was the strokeman of the Canadian boat which won the bronze medal in the coxless fours.He was also a strokeman of the Canadian boat which won the bronze medal in the eights.
 Aleksandr Mikhailovich Frolov (Russian: Александр Михайлович Фролов; born August 28 1988) is a Russian professional football player. In 2010 he played in the Russian Second Division for FC Khimik Dzerzhinsk.
 Johan Coenen (born 4 February 1979 in Wellen) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer for Team Differdange-Losch.
 Samantha Wood is an Australian association footballer who plays for Canberra FC Women. She has also played for Newcastle Jets and Canberra United in the Australian W-League.
 John Jock Drummond (13 April 1870 – 24 January 1935) was a Scottish footballer who played for Falkirk Rangers and the Scotland national team.
 Mark Alan Clear (born May 27 1956) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher who played for the California Angels (1979–80 1990) Boston Red Sox (1981–85) and Milwaukee Brewers (1986–88). He batted and threw right-handed.Clear who was Jewish was born in Los Angeles California.A hard curveballer with shaky control Clear was a flexible set-up man and an occasional closer as well.
 Justin Bollenhagen (born 17 December 1991) is an Australian rules footballer who played with the Fremantle Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He is a quick left-footed player who predominantly plays off the half-back.
 Vernon Fred Rapp (born May 11 1928) is a retired Major League Baseball manager and coach. A career minor league catcher and a successful skipper in the minors Rapp had two brief tours of duty as a big league manager.
 Seong Kyung-Il (Korean: 성경일; born 1 March 1983) is a South Korean football player who currently plays as goalkeeper.
 Maxim Andreyevich Votinov (Russian: Максим Андреевич Вотинов; born August 29 1988) is a Russian professional footballer. Currently he plays for FC Baltika Kaliningrad.
 Anastasiya Nychyporenko (born 28 January 1995) is a Ukrainian biathlete.
 Harry Elbert Deerfoot Bay (January 17 1878 – March 19 1952) was a professional baseball player who played outfield in the Major Leagues from 1901 to 1908. Bay played for the Cincinnati Reds and Cleveland Bronchos/Naps.He attended Peoria High School winning medals in the 1896 and 1897 Illinois High School Association state track and field meets.
 Kristoffer Olsen (8 August 1883 – 4 August 1948) was a Norwegian sailor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.He was a crew member of the Norwegian boat Irene which won the gold medal in the 8 metre class (1907 rating).
 Matias Köykkä (born November 23 1994) is a Finnish racing driver. He won the 2012 F1600 Championship Series.
 Luka Milunović (Serbian Cyrillic: Лука Милуновић; born 21 December 1992 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football striker who plays for Serbian SuperLiga side Red Star Belgrade. In international competition he has played for the Serbia national under-21 football team.
 Yeniel Bermúdez (born October 8 1985 in Cienfuegos) is a Cuban footballer who last played for Los Angeles Blues in the USL Professional Division.
 María Isabel Moreno Allue (Maribel Moreno) (born 2 January 1981) is a Spanish road bicycle racer from Ribes de Freser Girona.
 Ryan Healy is an American professional mixed martial artist who has competed for many promotions including Strikeforce WEC Shine Fights and Full Contact Fighting Federation. He is also the twin brother of mixed-martial artist and Team Quest teammate Pat Healy. He is currently signed with Bellator MMA.
 Ian Butler (born 1 February 1944 in Darton Barnsley) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as a left winger for Rotherham United Hull City York City and Barnsley.Butler began his career at Rotherham United where he established himself down the left wing and played alongside players such as Ken Houghton in a highly promising team with a significant number of locally-developed players.
 Dave Kasim Greenwood (born May 27 1957) is a retired American professional basketball player whose NBA career spanned 12 years from 1979 to 1991. Greenwood made his NBA debut on October 13 1979 and was named to the NBA All-Rookie First Team during the 1979-80 season. A forward/center he played for the Chicago Bulls San Antonio Spurs Denver Nuggets and Detroit Pistons. He was the second pick in the 1979 NBA Draft.
 Westley Gough (born 4 May 1988) is a New Zealand professional racing cyclist. In 2011 he won the New Zealand National Road Championships ITT.Gough was in the New Zealand team that beat Great Britain for gold in the team pursuit at the 2005 World Junior Championships in Austria.
 Rafael Rebello (born October 16 1980) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who formerly competed in the bantamweight division for the World Extreme Cagefighting and now currently competes in the bantamweight division of Fight Time Promotions. Rafael trains with the fighting stable American Top Team and is the Head Trainer at American Top Team Deerfield Beach.
 Jonas Faraasen Olsen (born 23 April 1988) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Kvik Halden FK.
 Lewis Kelly (born April 21 1977 in Lithonia Georgia) is a former American football offensive guard for the Minnesota Vikings (2000–2003) and the New York Giants (2005–2006). He has 3 children Lewis Jr. Michelle and Broughton.
 Courtney Johns is an Australian rules football player in the Australian Football League. Wearing the number 21 Guernsey he plays full-forward and occasional back seen as a power forward due to his strong build height ability to take a strong mark and inflict damage.
 Ryan D'Imperio (born August 15 1987) is a former American football fullback. He was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings with the 237th overall pick in the seventh round of the 2010 NFL Draft. He played college football at Rutgers University.
 David Robert Carry (born 8 October 1981 Aberdeen) is a Scottish former swimmer of Scottish/Faroese heritage. His specialism was freestyle and he represented Scotland at the 2002 2006 and 2010 Commonwealth Games. In 2006 he won two golds in the 400 metre freestyle and 400 metre individual medley.He attended Robert Gordon's College during his school years. He represented Great Britain at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 400 m freestyle and 4×200 m freestyle relay swimming events.
 Selenia Iacchelli (born 5 June 1986) is an Italian Canadian soccer player who is contracted to the Western New York Flash of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL). A midfielder she represented Canada at the 2004 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship and 2006 FIFA U-20 Women's World Championship. After a series of injuries she made her debut for the senior Canadian team at the age of 27 in November 2013 in a 0–0 draw with Mexico.
 Joseph Edward Presko (born October 7 1928 in Kansas City Missouri) is a retired American professional baseball player. A right-handed pitcher he was signed by the St. Louis Cardinals in 1948 as an amateur free agent and made his Major League Baseball debut on May 3 1951.Used primarily as a starting pitcher in four seasons with St.
 Leonardo Fabio Moreno (born November 2 1973 in Santiago de Cali) is a Colombian former football forward.
 Scott Fraser (born 24 April 1963 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish former professional football player who played for Rangers East Fife Berwick Rangers and Cowdenbeath in the Scottish Football League. He also played in Australia for three years representing Green Gully Heidelberg United and Fawkner Blues.After ending his football career in the early 1990s Fraser became involved in property investment.
 Pedro Julio Astacio (born November 28 1968) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He has played for the Los Angeles Dodgers (1992–1997) Colorado Rockies (1997–2001) Houston Astros (2001) New York Mets (2002–2003) Boston Red Sox (2004) Texas Rangers (2005) the San Diego Padres (2005) and the Washington Nationals (2006). In 2007 Astacio signed a contract with the Nationals' Triple-A affiliate the Columbus Clippers but they released him in May.
 Maya Alexandria Hayes (born March 26 1992) is an American soccer player from West Orange New Jersey who plays for Sky Blue FC of the NWSL. Hayes was a member of the United States under-20 women's national soccer team and plays the position of forward. In 2012 she helped the United States team win the 2012 FIFA Under-20 Women's World Cup in Japan.
 Lionel Lord Cranfield (11 October 1883 – 17 May 1968) played first-class cricket for Gloucestershire and Somerset between 1903 and 1922. He was born in Brixton London and died at Sale Cheshire.Cranfield was a right-handed lower-order batsman and a left-arm orthodox spin bowler. He had a very spasmodic career in first-class cricket playing four games for Gloucestershire in 1903 four for Somerset in 1906 and then two more for Gloucestershire in 1910.
 Tulkunbay Turgunov (born February 6 1977) is a boxer from Uzbekistan.He participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics for his native Central Asian country. There he was stopped in the second round of the Featherweight (57 kg) division by Thailand's Somluck Kamsing the reigning Olympic champion.Turgunov won the silver medal in the same division one year earlier at the 1999 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Houston Texas.
 Gianguido Milanesi (born 26 June 1935) is an Italian fencer. He competed in the team foil event at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
 Sophie van Gestel (born 29 June 1991 Oostelbeers) is a Dutch beach volleyball player. As of 2012 she plays with Madelein Meppelink. The pair participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics tournament and lost in the round of 16 to Brazilians Juliana Felisberta and Larissa França who eventually won the bronze medal.
 John Jack Crawford William MacBryan (22 July 1892 Box Wiltshire – 14 July 1983 Cambridge) was an English cricketer who played for Cambridge University and Somerset and made one almost imperceptible appearance in a Test match for England.
 Joseph Anthony Rogalski (July 15 1912 – November 20 1951) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in 1938 with the Detroit Tigers. He batted and threw right-handed. He was born in and died in Ashland Wisconsin.
 Nick Beardsley (born 23 September 1969) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy in the Australian Football League (AFL) in 1990. He was recruited from the East Camberwell Football Club to Hawthorn in 1986 but did not play a senior game for them. He was then drafted by Fitzroy with the 43rd selection in the 1990 Preseason Draft.
 Joseph White (dates unknown) was an English first-class cricketer associated with Surrey who was active in the 1800s and is recorded in one match in 1806 scoring 3 runs with a highest score of 2.
 Leonard Cecil Leicester Sutton (14 April 1890 – 3 June 1916) played first-class cricket for Somerset from 1909 to 1912. He was born at Half Way Tree Kingston Jamaica and died at Zillebeke Belgium in the Ypres area of fighting in the First World War. Sutton was a left-handed middle- or lower-order batsman and an occasional slow left-arm orthodox spin bowler.
 Lee Sang-Min (born 14 September 1986 in Gangwon-do) is a South Korean footballer who plays for Buriram United.
 James Kirkham was a footballer who played one game in the Football League for Burslem Port Vale in September 1895.
 Gary Mawson (born May 17 1963 in Etobicoke Ontario Canada) is a Canadian-born American darts player who currently resides in Pompano Beach Florida United States. He uses the nickname The Mauler for his matches. Mawson's parents were born in England and as a result he holds dual Canadian and British citizenship. Despite living in the United States for many years Mawson is yet to become a US citizen.
 James McClean (/mˈkleɪn/; born 22 April 1989) is an Irish footballer who plays as a winger for Wigan Athletic and the Republic of Ireland national football team. McClean played with Trojans Institute and his hometown club Derry City and Sunderland before moving to Wigan in August 2013.McClean was born in Derry Northern Ireland and played for the Northern Ireland national under-21 football team.
 Robert B. Bob Johnson (3 June 1935 – 21 May 2001) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1950s. His father of the same name also played for the club.Johnson was a 198 cm ruckman and as one of the tallest footballers to have played the game earned the nickname 'Big Bob'. He was also regularly rested up forward where he would use his body size to gain front position and take the regular mark for a set shot at goal.
 Maria Frances Fahey (born 5 March 1984 in Timaru) is a New Zealand cricketer who plays for the Canterbury Magicians in the State League as well as the national team. She made her Test debut for New Zealand in November 2003 and her One Day International debut a few days later.Fahey was a member of the highly successful Timaru Girls' High School team during the late 1990s and was part of the New Zealand Cricket Academy in 2002.
 John Charles Ness (November 11 1885 – December 3 1957) was a first baseman in Major League Baseball for the Detroit Tigers and Chicago White Sox. He is probably most famous for his 49-game hitting streak in 1915 while playing in the Pacific Coast League.
 Harry Percival Devey (March 1860 – 1924) was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Aston Villa.
 Argjent Halili (born 16 November 1982 in Vlorë) is an Albanian football player. The goalkeeper currently plays for FK Kukesi in the Albanian Superliga.
 Adama Mbengue (born December 1 1993) is a Senegalese footballer who currently plays for Orlando City in the USL Professional Division.
 Nur Suryani Mohd Taibi (born 24 September 1982) is a Malaysian sports shooter. She competed in the Women's 10 metre air rifle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Taibi gained fame at the Games for being eight months pregnant. She did not advance beyond the qualification round.
 Nelson Jesús Mora Molina (Born February 6 1976) in Caracas Venezuela is a former Butterfly Swimmer from Venezuela who won the 200m Butterfly at the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata Argentina. Mora is the first Venezuelan to win a Pan American gold medal in Swimming.
 Zhivko Gospodinov (Bulgarian: Живко Господинов; born 6 September 1957 in Vladimirovo) is a retired Bulgarian footballer. Gospodinov was an attacking midfielder and playmaker.He played with Spartak Varna and earned 155 caps in the Bulgarian A Professional Football Group.Gospodinov played for Bulgaria national football team (39 caps/6 goals) and was a participant at the 1986 FIFA World Cup.
 Simone Ercoli (born on May 5 1979 in Castelfiorentino Italy) is a male open water swimmer from Italy.He has swum for Italy at the:World Championships: 2003 2005 2007 2009Open Water Worlds: 2000 2002 2004 2006European Championships: 2000 2002 2006 2010↑ 1.0 1.1
 Gerard Powys Dewhurst J.P. (14 February 1872 – 29 March 1956; sometimes referred to as Gerald Powys Dewhurst) was an English cotton merchant and banker. He was also an amateur footballer and earned one international cap for England in 1895 playing as an inside forward.
 Viktoria Aleksandrovna Komova (Russian: Виктория Александровна Комова; born 30 January 1995) is a Russian artistic gymnast. She is the 2010 Youth Olympics All Around Champion Uneven Bars Champion Vault Champion and Floor Exercise bronze medalist the 2011 World Uneven Bars Champion and All Around silver medalist and the 2012 Olympics All Around silver medalist.
 Sérgio Ricardo dos Santos Júnior most know as Serginho (born December 3 1990 in Santos) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Palmeiras in a loan from Oeste.
 Chris Melling (born (1984-09-21) 21 September 1984 in Ashton-in-Makerfield Greater Manchester) is an English rugby league player for London Broncos in the European Super League. His position of choice is as a Fullback. He can also operate on the Wing or at Hooker and has on occasion played in the Centres at Stand-off/Five-eighth Loose forward/Lock and in the Second-row. He is a Great Britain international.
 Felipe Alejandro Gutiérrez Leiva (Spanish pronunciation: [fɛˈlɪpɛ ʕʊˈtjɛrɨsʲ ˈlɛjʋɐ] born 8 October 1990) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for Eredivisie League club FC Twente as an Midfielder.
 Evaldas Dainys (born 29 September 1982 in Kaunas Lithuanian SSR Soviet Union) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player currently playing for Neptūnas in Lithuanian Basketball League and Baltic Basketball League.Dainys joined Neptūnas in 2005 moving to BC Lietuvos Rytas in 2009 and BC Rūdupis in January 2010. In 2011 summer returned to Neptūnas.
 Bob Wente(born May 28 1933 in St. Louis Missouri – died August 13 2000 in St. Charles Missouri) was an American racecar driver.
 Alison Grant (born 9 August 1961) is an association football player who represented New Zealand.Grant made her Football Ferns 3-3 draw with Australia on 18 May 1980 and finished her international career with 37 caps and 11 goals to her credit.
 Terry Vaughn (born December 25 1971 in Sumter South Carolina United States) is a former Canadian Football League receiver most recently with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
 Kerry Meier (born November 12 1986) is an American football wide receiver for the National Football League who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the fifth round of the 2010 NFL Draft. He played college football at Kansas.
 Jeremiah Jerry Reynolds (15 April 1867 – 1944) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a full back.
 Nagisa Arakaki (新垣 渚 Arakaki Nagisa born May 9 1980 in Naha Okinawa) is a Japanese professional baseball player. He is currently with the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball. Despite having one of the best fastballs and sliders of anyone in the league Arakaki has battled control problems and injuries throughout his career.
 William Bill Berry (born 27 June 1957) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon Footscray and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).After making his way up from the Under-19s Berry was unable to put together regular senior appearances and spent most of his time at Essendon in the reserves.The former Strathmore player went to East Fremantle for the 1978 season and when he returned to Victoria a year later he joined Footscray.
 Maksim Igorevich Torbov (Russian: Максим Игоревич Торбов; born September 1 1991) is a Russian professional football player. He last played in the Russian Second Division for FC Znamya Truda Orekhovo-Zuyevo.
 Irfan Abdul Ghani (born 17 June 1989 in Johor) is a Malaysian footballer who is recently playing for T-Team F.C. in the Malaysia Super League
 Manuel Jesús Casas García aka Molo (born 14 June 1985 in Almería Andalusia) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Lleida Esportiu as a central defender.
 Akram Djahnit (born April 3 1991 in Sétif) is an Algerian football player. He currently plays for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
 Stanislav Vasilyevich Moskvin (Russian: Станислав Васильевич Москвин; born 19 January 1939) is a retired Russian cyclist and cycling coach. He competed at the 1960 1964 and 1968 Olympics in the 4000 m individual and team pursuit.
 Angelo Colombo (born 24 February 1961 in Mezzago Italy) is a former Italian footballer who played for Milan and was part of their European Cup victories in 1989 and 1990. He is now a scout for the club.Colombo played for Italy at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
 Wesley Wyndham Cloete (born 8 February 1990) is a South African rugby union player currently playing with the Falcons. His regular position is prop.
 Jeff Strom is a footballer who represented New Zealand at international level.Strom made his full All Whites debut in a 5-1 win over Kuwait on 16 October 1980 and ended his international playing career with 14 A-international caps to his credit his final cap an appearance in a 1-1 draw with Sudan on 9 June 1983.
 Sophie Simard (born September 20 1978) is an international freestyle and butterfly swimmer who competed for Canada at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta Georgia. There she swam in the preliminary heats of the 4x200m Freestyle Relay alongside Joanne Malar Marianne Limpert and Jessica Deglau. In the final she and Malar were replaced by Shannon Shakespeare and Andrea Schwartz.
 Wiyao Ali Pidalnam Sanda-Nabede (born March 9 1986 in Lomé) is a Togolese footballer who plays for AC Merlan.
 Zach Minter (born November 6 1990) is an American football defensive tackle For the Cincinnati Bengals. He was signed by the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2013. He played college football at Montana State.
 Daniel Greenberg (born September 29 1984) is an American former professional wrestler better known under his ring name Bino Bambino. He is best known for his tenure in Empire Wrestling Federation and has worked for several independent wrestling promotions on the west coast of the United States most notably for Pro Wrestling Guerrilla.
 Yeh Wei-tze (born 20 February 1973) is a Taiwanese professional golfer.Yeh was born in Taipei. He turned professional in 1994 and played on the Asian Tour during his early career. In 2000 he won the European Tour co-sanctioned Benson and Hedges Malaysian Open to earn a two year exemption on that tour. The win also helped him to second place on the Davidoff Asian PGA Order of Merit that season.In 2003 Yeh joined the Japan Golf Tour.
 John Burrough (5 September 1873 — 26 December 1922) was an English first-class cricketer who played in 24 matches for Cambridge University and various amateur teams including sides put together by W. G. Grace between 1893 and 1914. He was born in Clun Shropshire and died at St Leonards-on-Sea Sussex.
 Joel Rechlicz (born June 14 1987) is an American professional ice hockey player. He is signed with the Washington Capitals organization of the National Hockey League (NHL). Rechlicz is well known for playing the enforcer role and because of that he has earned himself the nickname Wrecker from many fans. He is billed as a tough as nails type of player.
 Gavin Thompson is an Australian former rugby league player who played professionally for the Hunter Mariners.
 Michael Henderson was an Australian rugby league player for the St George Illawarra Dragons and Gold Coast Titans in the Australian National Rugby League. His position was prop.
 Sir William Appleton (3 September 1889 – 22 October 1958) was Mayor of Wellington New Zealand from 1944 to 1950 having been a city councillor from 1931 to 1944. He was knighted in 1950.He was a leader of the commercial community and founder of an advertising agency. He unsuccessfully stood for Parliament several times. In the 1935 election he contested the Otaki electorate for the United/Reform Coalition and came third.
 Fabián Vázquez (born 1943) is a Mexican equestrian. He was born in Zimapán Hidalgo. He won a bronze medal in team eventing at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.
 Mitchell Price is a former professional American football player who played defensive back for the Cincinnati Bengals Arizona Cardinals and Los Angeles Rams
 Richard Dickie Deacon (26 June 1911 - 1986) was a Scottish-born footballer who played as an inside left for a number of clubs in the Football League during the 1930s.
 Alain Sutter (born 22 January 1968 in Bern) was one of the most successful Swiss football players during the 1990s.Sutter began his career in 1985 with Grasshoppers Zurich one of Switzerland's most storied clubs.
 Mikhail Anatolevich Vasilev (Russian: Михаил Анатольевич Васильев born March 4 1961 in Moscow) is a Russian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics.In 1988 he won the gold medal with the Soviet team. He played all six matches and scored five goals.
 Pierce W. Johnson (born May 10 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Chicago Cubs organization.
 Ekaterina Andreyevna Stolyarova (Russian: Екатерина Андреевна Столярова; born (1988-04-25)April 25 1988) is a Russian freestyle skier specializing in Moguls.Stolyarova competed at the 2010 Winter Olympics for Russia. She placed 10th in the qualifying round of the moguls advancing to the final where she placed 7th.As of April 2013 her best showing at the World Championships is 4th in the 2011 moguls event.Stolyarova made her World Cup debut in December 2005.
 Ion Barbu (born 15 May 1977 in Scorniceşti Olt County) is a professional Romanian footballer who plays for FC Farul Constanţa.
 Richard O'Donnell (born July 31 1900 in Duluth Minnesota) was an American football player. He played most of his nine-year career with the Green Bay Packers. O'Donnell played college football for the Minnesota Golden Gophers
 Alan Cotter (born 23 September 1986 in Limerick Ireland) is an Irish rugby union player. He plays Prop for Irish provincial side Munster. He plays his club rugby with Young Munster.
 Rodney James Tucker (born 28 August 1964) is an Australian cricket umpire and member of the ICC Elite Umpire Panel. He was a cricketer who played briefly for New South Wales from 1985/86 to 1987/88 before moving to Tasmania who he played for from 1987/88 to 1998/99. He was also vice-captain of Tasmania from 1991/92 until 1995/96. He briefly played as Captain/Coach for the Canberra Comets in the 1999/00 season before retiring as player.
 Eva Grožajová later Bergerová-Grožajová is a former competitive figure skater who represented Czechoslovakia. She is the 1962 Blue Swords champion and 1960 Winter Universiade silver medalist. She placed 7th at the 1961 European Championships and 13th at the 1962 World Championships. She was coached by Hilda Múdra.
 Lorne David Rombough (born April 2 1948) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. During the 1973–74 season Rombough played three games in the World Hockey Association with the Chicago Cougars.
 Julien Valero (born February 23 1984 in Perpignan) is a French-Spanish football striker. He currently plays for US Quevilly.
 Daniel Ferl (born 19 March 1980) is a German footballer who plays for ZFC Meuselwitz.
 Frederick Albert Gross (17 September 1902 – 11 March 1975) was an English cricketer. Gross was a right-handed batsman who bowled leg break googly.Gross made his first-class debut for Hampshire against Sussex in the 1924 County Championship. Gross represented Hampshire in 34 first-class matches for Hampshire from 1924 to 1929. Gross' final appearance for the county came against Yorkshire.
 William Henry Richardson (1878–1949) was a first baseman in Major League Baseball for the 1901 St. Louis Cardinals of the National League.
 William Raymond Pixley (1907 Lyndon Washington – 30 August 1936 Hammond Indiana) was an American racecar driver. Primarily a sprint car driver he drove in the 1936 Indianapolis 500 for Clarence Felker in a Miller that had once sported a V16 engine but at the time was powered by a Miller four-cylinder. It would be his only Championship Car start as he was killed in August of that year in a crash at Roby Speedway in Hammond Indiana.
 Daynara de Paula (born July 25 1989 in Manaus Amazonas Brazil) is a Brazilian butterfly swimmer.Rooted in São Caetano do Sul as a child at 11 years old she won sponsorship to compete across the country. As a Minas Tênis Clube's sportsman her first major involvement was in 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. At 18 she won her Olympic berth in the last Brazilian trials the Maria Lenk Trophy in Rio de Janeiro.
 Fábio Luís Ramim (born 10 April 1981 in São Paulo Brazil) is a naturalized Azerbaijani football midfielder who plays for Rio Preto.
 Agnese Possamai (born January 17 1953 in Lentiai) is a retired middle distance runner from Italy. Her greatest achievements were the 1985 World Indoor silver medal as well as three European Indoor gold medals.
 Murray McIntosh (born November 17 1967) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman.McIntosh played nine season of professional hockey in Germany including three seasons (1994 - 1997) in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga where he skated with both the Kassel Huskies and Wedemark Scorpions.
 Kevin Orendorz (born February 24 1995) is a German ice hockey player. He is currently playing with Krefeld Pinguine of the German Deutsche Eishockey Liga.Orendorz made his Deutsche Eishockey Liga debut playing with Krefeld Pinguine during the 2012–13 DEL season.
 Stanley Franks (born July 7 1986 in Long Beach California) is a defensive back for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League. Franks signed as a free agent to the Lions practice roster on October 27 2009. Prior to the 2010 season Franks won the job as starting defensive halfback. Prior to his time with the Lions he played for the af2 champion Spokane Shock. He also played college football for the Idaho Vandals.
 Gerdie Keen (born 29 September 1969 Wageningen) is a Dutch professional table tennis player. She is the older sister of Trinko Keen.
 Christian Fredrik Maximilian Fritz Staib (February 10 1892 – May 16 1956) was a Norwegian sailor who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.He was a crew member of the Norwegian boat Magda IX which won the gold medal in the 12 metre class.
 Benedicto Godoy Véizaga (dates of birth and death unknown) is a Bolivian football forward who played for Bolivia in the 1950 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Feroviario La Paz.
 Naeemuddin Aslam is a UAE cricketer who has represented them in the ICC Trophy 2005. He is most experienced in List A cricket having played 32 games.However his maiden century came in the first class format against Uganda in 2010.
 Dimitar Iliev (Bulgarian: Димитър Илиев born 25 September 1988) is a Bulgarian football forward who currently plays for Lokomotiv Sofia.
 Tara Snyder (born May 26 1977 in Wichita Kansas) is a former tennis player from the United States who started a professional career in May 1995. She reached her highest individual ranking in the WTA Tour on November 16 1998 when she was ranked No. 33 in the world. Snyder won the silver medal at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg Canada after losing the final to Venezuela's María Vento-Kabchi.
 Phillip Brooks Douglas (June 17 1890 – August 1 1952) was an American baseball player. He was known as Shufflin' Phil most likely because of his slow gait from the bullpen to the mound.Douglas originally signed with the Chicago White Sox in 1912 but soon landed with the Cincinnati Reds. In 1915 he was traded to the Brooklyn Dodgers then to the Chicago Cubs.
 Clifford Virgil Matteson (November 24 1861 – December 18 1931) was an American professional baseball player who pitched one game in Major League Baseball for the 1884 St. Louis Maroons. The game took place on June 13 with Matteson starting the game as pitcher. He pitched six innings gave up nine hits one of which was a home run and gave up 11 runs six of which were earned and he earned the win because the Maroons won the game 16–11.
 George Allen Brown (May 17 1912 – January 23 1972) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He was born in Winnipeg Manitoba.
 Tomáš Grigar (born 1 February 1983 in Ostrava) is a Czech football goalkeeper currently playing for FK Teplice in the Czech Republic. He is a member of the Czech Republic national football team.
 Steve Charbonneau (born May 30 1973 in Cowansville Quebec) was a Canadian Football League defensive tackle who played eleven seasons for two different teams.
 Kazumasa Uesato (上里 一将 Uesato Kazumasa born March 13 1986 in Hirara Okinawa) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Consadole Sapporo.
 Fritz Zimmermann (born 29 March 1931) is a German fencer. He represented the Unified Team of Germany at the 1960 Summer Olympics and West Germany at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
 Shota Horie (堀江翔太 Horie Shōta) (born 21 January 1986 in Osaka Japan) is a Japanese rugby union footballer. His preferred position is hooker although he can also play in the back row. He represents Japan at the international level. He has played for the Panasonic Wild Knights in the domestic Japanese Top League competition and in 2013 began playing Super Rugby with the Melbourne Rebels in Australia.
 Mohamed Youssouf (born March 26 1988 in Paris France) is a naturalized Comorian football defender. He currently plays for the Amiens SC.
 Jared Bednar (born February 28 1972) is a retired Canadian professional ice-hockey player and most recently the head coach of the Peoria Riverman of the AHL.
 Shun Kuwahara (桑原 俊 Kuwahara Shun) (born 28 October 1981 in Kumamoto Prefecture) is a Japanese gymnast. Kuwahara was part of the Japanese team that won the silver medal in the team event at the 2006 Asian Games.
 Joseph Roger Broadway Jenkins (November 18 1911 – May 4 1994) was an American professional ice hockey player who played 327 games in the National Hockey League. He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs New York Americans Montreal Canadiens Montreal Maroons Boston Bruins and Chicago Black Hawks. A native of Appleton Wisconsin Roger won the Stanley Cup with Chicago in 1934 and 1938.
 Sarfraz Rasool (born on July 10 1975) is a former Pakistani international footballer who played for KRL FC.The goal scoring midfielder had been playing for KRL FC from between 1999 to 2003 and was constantly in the goals for the national team.Sarfraz won the Golden boot at the 2003 SAFF Cup with 4 goals and was named Asian Football Confederation Player of the Month.However he controversially left Pakistan soon after and moved to England which effectively ended his international career but remained with KRL for some seasons before eventually joining the renamed PMC Club Athletico Faisalabad in August 2008.
 Eddy Kuijpers (14 October 1914 – 12 October 1992) was a Dutch fencer. He competed in the individual and team foil and sabre events at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
 Joseph Elzead John Gingras (January 10 1894 – September 6 1947) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for two seasons. He pitched for the Kansas City Packers in two games during the 1915 Kansas City Packers season.
 Franco Ponzinibio (born July 16 1914 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine professional football player. He also held Italian citizenship.His older brother José Carlos Ponzinibio played for A.C. Milan in the 1930s. To distinguish them José Carlos was referred to as Ponzinibio I and Franco as Ponzinibio II.
 Stephenie Ann McPherson (born 25 November 1988) is a Jamaican track and field athlete who specializes in the 400 metres. McPherson competed in the 400 metres at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics where she finished fourth. Stephenie is also a silver medalist from the 2014 IAAF World Indoor Championships as a member of the 4 x 400 metres relay team.
 Velko Nikolaev Yotov (or Iotov) (Bulgarian: Велко Йотов) (born 26 August 1970) was a Bulgarian football player.
 Gary Johnson (born 24 April 1984 in Farnborough London England) is a Rugby Union player for Cornish Pirates RFC in the Aviva Championship playing primarily as a Lock. He previously played for London Irish for 10 seasons.Johnson made his London Irish debut against London Wasps in the 2006–07 EDF Energy Cup.Johnson played in the final of the 2008–09 Guinness Premiership at Twickenham as London Irish were defeated by the Leicester Tigers.
 Douglas McKenzie Doug Somner (born Edinburgh 4 July 1951) is a Scottish former association football player for clubs including Partick Thistle and St Mirren. He was the first player ever to score for St Mirren in European competition. He finished as the top scorer in the Scottish Football League Premier Division in the 1979–80 season.
 Roman Sergeyevich Tuzovskiy (Russian: Роман Серге́евич Тузовский; born January 3 1985) is a Russian professional football player. Currently he plays in the Russian Professional Football League for FC Volgar Astrakhan.
 Axel Wilhelm Persson (23 January 1888 – 2 September 1955) was a Swedish road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics.He was part of the team which won the gold medal in the Team road race. In the individual road race he finished ninth.Eight years later he was again part of the team which won the silver medal in the Team road race. In the individual road race he finished twelfth.
 Nataliya Anatoliïvna Skakun (Ukrainian: Наталія Анатоліївна Скакун; born August 3 1981 in Altai Kray) is a Ukrainian weightlifter who competed in the Women's 63 kg weight class at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the gold medal lifting 242.5 kg in total. During clean & jerk she lifted 135.0 kg which was a new Olympic record. She also for a time held the world record 138.0 kg set when she became world champion in 2003.
 Graham Webster (born 15 May 1992) is a Scottish football Midfielder currently playing for Montrose.
 Neelapu Rami Reddy (Telugu: నీలాపు రామి రెడ్డి) (born 1 June 1965) is a former sprinter and national athletics champion from Andhra Pradesh India. He dominated national competition for over a decade during the 1980s and the first half of the 1990s. After his retirement from competitive sports in 1994 he was made athletics chief coach by Southern Central Railways (SCR) and sprints coach of the Indian Railways.
 James Scott (born March 28 1952) is a retired American football wide receiver who played seven seasons for the Chicago Bears in the National Football League. He was originally selected by the New York Jets in the 1975 NFL Draft.In 1974 he played for the Chicago Fire of the World Football League catching 52 passes for 755 yards and 8 TDs.
 Takahiro Suwa (諏訪 高広 Suwa Takahiro) better known by his ring name Suwa (stylized as SUWA) is a Japanese professional wrestler of Pro Wrestling Noah. He originally retired from professional wrestling in 2007 but later returned in 2013.
 Chen Xing (Chinese: 陈星) (born January 17 1983 in Shenyang) is a Chinese international football player who currently plays as a striker for Shenyang Shenbei in the Chinese League One division.
 Reyna Hamui (born December 28 1993 in Mexico City) is a Mexican figure skater. She is the 2012 Mexican national champion.When Hamui was ten years old she and her family moved from Mexico to Florida where they lived for six years before moving to Delaware for better training conditions. In August 2012 she moved to Detroit where she is coached by Jason Dungjen and Yuka Sato.
 Juan Violá (1883 - 1919) was a Cuban baseball player in the Cuban League Negro leagues and the minor leagues. He played from 1902 to 1915 with several ballclubs including Almendares the Habana club the Long Branch Cubans and the Jacksonville Jays. He was elected to the Cuban Baseball Hall of Fame in 1953.
 Christopher Michael Chris Robins (born 2 January 1954) is a British former motorcycle speedway rider.Born in Newton Abbott Devon Robins was a boxer as a schoolboy and competed in the English Schoolboy Championships. He took up speedway in late 1974 gaining his early experience riding on a beach near Barnstaple and after riding in second half heats at Exeter rode for Weymouth Wildcats in the National League in 1975 averaging over five points in his first season.
 Naoki Wako (輪湖 直樹 Wako Naoki born 26 November 1989 in Toride Ibaraki) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Kashiwa Reysol.
 Aleksandar Mikijelj (Cyrillic: Александар Микијељ born 5 February 1979) is a Montenegrin footballer. He plays for FK Bokelj.
 Yoshiyuki Kato (加藤 善之 born July 27 1964) is a former Japanese football player.
 Otakar Německý (March 2 1902 – March 18 1967) was a Czechoslovakian Nordic skier who competed in Nordic combined and Cross-country skiing in the 1920s.He was born in Nové Město na Moravě.
 João Pedro Lima Santos (born 15 August 1980) commonly known as João Pedro is a Portuguese footballer playing for Penafiel in the Segunda Liga as a full back.
 James Henry Bloor (29 September 1857 – 9 March 1935) was an English cricketer. Bloor was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born at Clifton Bristol.Bloor made his first-class debut for Gloucestershire against Kent in 1887 at Rectory Field Blackheath. He made two further first-class appearances for the county in 1887 against Sussex at the County Ground Hove and Middlesex at Lord's.
 Mariano Gonzalvo Falcón (March 22 1922 – April 7 2007) also referred to as Gonzalvo III or – especially as of late – by the Catalan rendition of his given name Marià Gonzalvo was a Spanish footballer who spent most of his career at FC Barcelona. Gonzalvo was regarded as one of the most talented midfielders in La Liga during the 1940s and early 1950s. On December 7 1962 Barcelona played a testimonial game against C.A. Peñarol in his honour.
 Charles Taylor Hennigan Sr. known as Charlie Hennigan (born March 19 1935) is a retired American football player with the former Houston Oilers who resides in Shreveport Louisiana. Born in Bienville in Bienville Parish in north Louisiana Hennigan grew up in nearby Minden the seat of Webster Parish located thirty miles east of Shreveport. His father Clarence Roland Hennigan (1905–1992) was still a sheriff's deputy when he died at the age of eighty-seven. His mother Lura E.
 Régis Fernandes Silva shortly Régis Pitbull (born September 22 1976 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward.
 Robert Juan Hoskins (born September 16 1945 in Highland Illinois) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League. He was drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the 16th round of the 1969 NFL Draft. He played college football at Wichita State.
 Jérôme Gallion (Toulon 4 April 1955) is a retired French international rugby union scrum half for RC Toulonnais. He is now a dental surgeon.Gallion made his international début for France in January 1978 against England replacing the retired Jacques Fouroux.
 Jerome Clarke (born 15 July 1951 in Drogheda) is an Irish former football player.He played for Drogheda United and won his only cap for the Republic of Ireland national football team when he replaced Johnny Giles 12 minutes from time in a 3–0 friendly defeat to Poland national football team on 12 April 1978 in Lodz.A striker he was part of the Drogheda team which reached the 1976 FAI Cup final which they lost 1-0 to Bohemians.
 Frantz Hardy (born January 6 1985 in Miami Florida) to parents Marie and Frank Hardy. Frantz is an American football wide receiver free agent. He was undrafted in the 2008 NFL Draft and played college football for the Nebraska Cornhuskers. He was cut on August 22 2008 from the Philadelphia Eagles due to a leg injury.Frantz Hardy graduated from Booker T. Washington in Miami Florida in 2003.
 Arthur Nabarrete Zanetti (born April 16 1990 in São Caetano do Sul São Paulo) is a Brazilian artistic gymnast. He won the gold medal on rings exercise at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
 Christopher Halliwell Hirst (born 27 May 1947) is a former English cricketer and educator. Hirst was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm off break. He was born in Odsal Bradford Yorkshire.Hirst attended Trinity Hall Cambridge. While attending Trinity Hall Hirst made his only first-class appearance for Cambridge University against Middlesex. In the University first-innings he scored 2 runs before being dismissed by David Ling.
 Norbert Kovács (born February 13 1988 in Veszprém) is a Hungarian swimmer who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events. He won a bronze medal in the 200 m butterfly at the 2006 European Junior Swimming Championships in Palma de Mallorca Spain with a time of 2:00.20. Kovacs is a member of the swimming team for Kőbánya Sport Club in Budapest and is coached and trained by Zsigmond Gyenge.
 Sergey Alexandrovich Kirdyapkin (Russian: Серге́й Александрович Кирдяпкин born 18 June 1980 in Insar Mordovia) is a Russian race walker.Kirdyapkin won the gold medal in the 50 km walk at the 2012 London Olympics with an Olympic record time 3:35:59.He also won two gold medals in the 50 km walk at the 2005 World Championships in a personal best time of 3:38:08 hours and at the 2009 World Championships finishing in 3:38:35 his second fastest ever time.He is married to fellow racewalker Anisya Kirdyapkina. 
 Zsuzsanna Zsuzsa Nagy (born 14 November 1951) is a retired Hungarian gymnast. She competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in all artistic gymnastics events and won a bronze medal in the team competition. Her best individual result was 34th place on the balance beam. She won another bronze team medal at the 1974 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships.
 Georgie Cupidon (born November 10 1981) is a male badminton player from Seychelles.
 Terence John Mulholland (born March 9 1963 in Uniontown Pennsylvania) is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher. He threw left-handed and batted right-handed.
 George Carter (dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played in major matches during the 1740s chiefly associated with London Cricket Club. He is first recorded playing for London in a single wicket match at the Artillery Ground on Monday 22 August 1748.
 Bruna Amarante da Silva (May 12 1984 in Petrópolis Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazililian-born naturalized Equatoguinean football defender currently playing in the Kazakhstani Championship for BIIK Kazygurt with which she made her Champions League debut in August 2012. She previously played in her original country.Naturalized by Equatorial Guinea Bruna played the 2011 World Cup.
 Kiatjarern Ruangparn (Thai: เกียรติเจริญ เรืองปาน; born 9 April 1987) is a Thai footballer. He plays for Thai Premier League clubside Singhtarua. He played in the 2010 Thai League Cup final and won a winner's medal after Thai Port defeated Buriram PEA F.C. 2-1.
 Anastasiya Sergeyevna Aksenova (also Anastasia Aksenova Russian: Анастасия Серге́евна Аксенова; born March 5 1990 in Ukhta) is a Russian swimmer who specialized in sprint freestyle events. She is a multiple-time Russian champion and record holder for the individual and relay freestyle events (both long and short course).
 Alfred William Hill (29 July 1865 – 27 May 1936) was an English cricketer. Hill was a left-handed batsman who bowled right-arm off break. He was born at Little Rissington Gloucestershire.Hill made his first-class debut for Gloucestershire against the touring South Africans in 1904. In this match he took his only first-class wicket that of William Shalders for the cost of 47 runs from 10 overs.
 Vladimir Viktorovich Zelenovskiy (Russian: Владимир Викторович Зеленовский; born June 20 1983) is a Russian professional footballer. He last played for FC Dynamo Kostroma. He made his debut in the Russian Premier League in 2000 for FC Rotor Volgograd.
 Frank Middleton Jr. (born October 25 1974) is a former American college and professional football player who was an offensive guard for eight seasons in the NFL during the 1990s and early 2000s. Middleton played college football for the Fort Scott Community College in Kansas and the University of Arizona. He was drafted in the 3rd round (63rd pick overall) of the 1997 NFL Draft and played professionally for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Oakland Raiders.
 Joseph Joe Roulson (7 October 1891 – 1952) was an English professional footballer who played as a right half. He played for Birmingham both before and after the First World War making 125 appearances in all competitions and helped them to the championship of the Football League Second Division in 1920–21.Roulson a native of Sheffield became a steelworker and signed for Birmingham from his works team Cammell Laird.
 Glenn O'Shea (born 14 June 1989) is an Australian track cyclist who won the Omnium at the 2012 UCI Track Cycling World Championships. He was also a member of the Australian team that won silver in the team pursuit.O'Shea briefly quit cycling as an under-23 in 2010 after contracting a severe case of glandular fever.
 Byron Zózimo Tenorio (born 14 June 1966) is a retired Ecuadorian football defender. Tenorio was a member of the Ecuador national football team for nine years and obtained a total number of 53 caps during his career scoring three goals. He made his debut on 7 June 1988 and played his last international match for Ecuador on 12 January 1997. He competed in three Copa Américas: 1989 1991 and 1993.Tenorio is currently a referee in the Ecuadorian Indoor Soccer Leagues in New York.
 Harry David Brecheen (October 14 1914 – January 17 2004) nicknamed The Cat was an American left-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball who played most of his career for the St. Louis Cardinals. In the late 1940s he was among the team's stars becoming the first left-hander ever to win three games in a single World Series in 1946 and later leading the National League in several categories in 1948.
 Nate Scott Thompson (born October 5 1984) is an American ice hockey player currently playing for and an alternate captain of the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League.
 Boštjan Cesar (born 9 July 1982 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian international footballer currently playing for Italian club Chievo.
 Saša Stojanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Caша Cтojaновић born 21 January 1983) is a footballer from Serbia who plays for Radnički Niš in the Serbian SuperLiga.Stojanović played in his own country for Radnički Niš from where he was scouted by Dutch team PSV Eindhoven. In the 2005/2006 season he played 35 games for F.C. Eindhoven (on loan from PSV) scoring six goals.
 Edward Ward (11 July 1896 – 10 August 1966) was a West Indian cricket umpire. He stood in one Test match West Indies vs. England in 1935.
 Karim Sadat (born 24 October 1991) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a forward for Landskrona BoIS in Superettan.
 Ferhat Akdeniz (born January 14 1986 in Turkey) is a Turkish volleyball player. He is 203 cm and plays as middle blocker. He plays for Galatasaray Yurtiçi Kargo
 Donald Alvin Buford (born February 2 1937 in Linden Texas) is a former Major League Baseball player. An infielder/outfielder the switch-hitting Buford played for the Chicago White Sox (1963–1967) and Baltimore Orioles (1968–1972).
 Nathan Frederick Cayless (born 28 March 1978 in Sydney New South Wales) is a retired New Zealand-Australian professional rugby league footballer who was a long-time captain for the Parramatta Eels of the National Rugby League. His position of choice was prop forward. He is also a former captain of the New Zealand national team whom he led to World Cup glory against Australia in 2008. He is the older brother of fellow New Zealand international Jason Cayless.
 Oliver Seymour Youll (born 11 December 1970) is an English cricketer. Youll is a left-handed batsman who bowls leg break. He was born in Newcastle Northumberland.Youll made his debut for Northumberland in the 1992 Minor Counties Championship against Staffordshire. Youll played Minor counties cricket for Northumberland from 1992 to 1999 which included 41 Minor Counties Championship matches and 10 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches.
 David John Thomas (15 March 1879 – 19 October 1925) was a Welsh international forward who played club rugby for Swansea Rugby Club. He won ten caps for Wales and is most notable for scoring the only try in Swansea's win over South Africa in 1912.
 Guy Bulpitt (born 16 April 1968) is a former English cricketer. Bulpitt was a right-handed batsman who bowled slow left-arm orthodox. He was born in Stafford Staffordshire.Bulpitt made his debut for Staffordshire in the 1998 MCCA Knockout Trophy against the Leicestershire Cricket Board. Bulpitt played Minor counties cricket for Staffordshire from 1998 to 2004 which included 37 Minor Counties Championship matches and 20 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches.
 Thomas Valentin Valla Aass (28 April 1887 – 14 August 1961) was a Norwegian sailor and civil servant in the foreign service.He was born in Kristiania as a son of wholesaler Julius Aas (1832–1909) and Hulda Mathilde Olsen (1848–1929). In 1923 he married lighthouse director's daughter Ingeborg Horn.He finished his secondary education in 1905 and graduated from the Royal Frederick University with the cand.jur. degree in 1911.
 Malkhaz Urjukashvili (Georgian: მალხაზ ურჯუკაშვილი) (born Tbilisi 24 September 1980) is a Georgian rugby union player. He plays as a wing.
 Grégory Nicot (born September 14 1982 in Bron) is a French professional football player. Currently he plays in the Championnat de France amateur for Genêts Anglet.He played on the professional level in Ligue 2 for Nîmes Olympique.
 Florence Haring (born 2 October 1985) is a French professional tennis player. As of 26 June 2006 she reached her highest single rankings of World number 213.
 Johnny DuPlooy (27 September 1964 – 12 April 2013) was a former South African heavyweight boxer best known for his win over former WBA World Heavyweight champion Mike Weaver.
 Charlie Williams (born 31 July 1950 in Kelsall Cheshire) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. His best season was in 1974 when he finished in tenth place in the 500cc world championship on a Yamaha motorcycle. Williams was an eight-time winner at the Isle of Man TT races although only three of those victories counted towards the world championship.
 Djibril Cissé (French pronunciation: ​[dʒibʁil sise]; born 12 August 1981) is a French footballer who plays as a striker for SC Bastia in Ligue 1. He is well known for his speed and acceleration. Since 2005 he has been Lord of the Manor of Frodsham. Cissé started his career at AC Arles in 1989 at the age of eight. After seven years at the club he had a six-month spell at Nîmes Olympique before moving to Auxerre joining the club's youth system.
 William Thomas Gregg (born July 29 1963 in Boone North Carolina) is a retired Major League Baseball player. He played in the majors from 1987 to 1997 for the Pittsburgh Pirates Atlanta Braves Cincinnati Reds and Florida Marlins. He mostly played as an outfielder. Currently he serves as the hitting coach for the Omaha Storm Chasers. He also holds private hitting lessons in a room in his house in Peachtree City Georgia.[citation needed]
 Khairan Eroza Razali (born 5 May 1979 in Kota Bharu Kelantan) Malaysian footballer currently playing for Penang FA. He plays as a defensive midfielder. His previous club is Kelantan and Pahang.
 Joshua Wayne Rabe (born October 15 1978) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder with the Minnesota Twins and current head baseball coach for Quincy University in Quincy Illinois.
 Robert Bobby Wanbon (born (1943-11-16) 16 November 1943 in Port Talbot) is a Welsh dual-code international rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s and '70s playing representative level rugby union (RU) for Wales and at club level for Aberavon RFC as a Number eight and playing representative level rugby league (RL) for Wales and at club level for St. Helens and Warrington as a Prop or Second-row i.e.
 Louis Alexander Novikoff (October 12 1915 – September 30 1970) nicknamed The Mad Russian was an American professional baseball player. Born in Glendale Arizona his professional career extended from 1937–1950 with all or parts of five seasons in Major League Baseball for the Chicago Cubs (1941–44) and Philadelphia Phillies (1946). The outfielder threw and batted right-handed stood 5 feet 10 inches (1.78 m) tall and weighed 185 pounds (84 kg).
 James Reinard Wilson (born December 17 1973) is a former American college and professional football player who was a linebacker in the National Football League (NFL) for six seasons during the late 1990s and early 2000s. He played college football at Florida State University and was recognized as an All-American. He was picked by the Cincinnati Bengals in the first round of the 1997 NFL Draft and played professionally for the Bengals and Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the NFL.
 Víctor Cortés is a Colombian footballer who plays as a striker or right winger for Itagüí.
 Aleksandr Igorevich Valkov (Russian: Александр Игоревич Вальков; born January 31 1986) is a Russian professional football player. As of August 2009 he plays for FC Dynamo Vologda.
 Didier Dinart (born January 18 1977 in Pointe-à-Pitre Guadeloupe) is a French handball player currently playing for the internationally renowned BM Ciudad Real handball team in Spain (where he is partner to among others Luc Abalo). Before joining BM Ciudad Real he played for the current best French club Montpellier HB.He is a highly skilled defensive player and is widely regarded as one of the world's best handball defensive players.
 Ilya Aleksandrovich Borodin (Russian: Илья Александрович Бородин; born July 6 1976) is a Russian professional footballer. He last played in the Russian Second Division for FC Kaluga. He made his debut in the Russian Premier League in 1995 for FC Rotor Volgograd. He played 1 game in the UEFA Cup 1998–99 for FC Rotor Volgograd.
 Jaroslav Soukup (Czech pronunciation: [ˈjaroslaf ˈsou̯kup] born 12 July 1982) is a Czech biathlete.His first World Cup podium was in Östersund at the pursuit competition on 4 December 2011.Soukup won a bronze medal in biathlon at the 2014 Winter Olympics in sprint and a silver medal in the Mixed relay (together with Ondřej Moravec Gabriela Soukalová and Veronika Vítková).
 Jeffrey Earnhardt (born June 22 1989) is an American stock car racing driver. He is the grandson of Dale Earnhardt and son of former NASCAR driver Kerry Earnhardt. He currently competes for JD Motorsports in the NASCAR Nationwide Series driving the No. 4 Chevrolet.
 Ricardo Peláez Linares (born March 14 1963) is a former Mexican footballer. He represented Mexico at the FIFA World Cup in 1998. He scored two goals in the group matches against South Korea a 3–1 win for Mexico and a 2–2 draw with Netherlands.Peláez is currently serving as the sporting director of the Mexican national team. From 2011 to 2014 he was the president of Liga MX club América.
 Milan Perendija (Serbian Cyrillic: Mилaн Пepeндиja; born January 5 1986 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football defender playing for Mordovia Saransk.
 Arron Rhys Davies (born 22 June 1984 in Cardiff Wales) is a Welsh international footballer who currently plays for Exeter City.
 Gordon Leigh Slade (October 9 1904 in Salt Lake City Utah – January 2 1974 in Long Beach California) is a former professional baseball player who played shortstop from 1930 to 1935. He attended the University of Oregon. As a member of the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1932 Slade was thrown out of a game for arguing by National League umpire Charlie Moran.
 John Francis Zalusky (June 22 1879 – August 11 1935) was a professional baseball catcher. He played part of one season of Major League Baseball with the New York Highlanders now known as the New York Yankees during the 1903 New York Highlanders season playing in seven games. He died in the Spanish Flu outbreak.[citation needed]
 Steffen Wiesinger (born 27 November 1969) is a German fencer. He competed in the sabre events at the 1992 and 1996 Summer Olympics.
 Alfons Masella is a Tongan rugby league player who represented his country in the 2000 World Cup.
 James Morton (22 August 1885–?) was a Scottish professional footballer who played for Hibernian Bradford City Stoke City Tottenham Hotspur St Bernards Bathgate Barnsley and Bristol City.
 Oliver Edward O'Mara (March 8 1891 in St. Louis Missouri – October 24 1989 in Reno Nevada) was a shortstop in Major League Baseball from 1912 to 1919 primarily with the Brooklyn Robins. He had one at-bat in the 1916 World Series against the Boston Red Sox. He batted right and threw right was 5 ft 9 in (1.75 m) tall and weighed 155 pounds.O'Mara threw out the first pitch for the Los Angeles Dodgers on opening day in 1980.
 Roman Serhiyovych Talan (Ukrainian: Роман Сергійович Талан; born 4 February 1988) is a Ukrainian pair skater. With former partner Ekaterina Kostenko he is the 2009 Ukrainian national champion and represented Ukraine at the 2010 Winter Olympics. He currently competes with Elizaveta Usmantseva.
 Adrián Cañas Ortiz known as Adrián Cañas (born June 17 1992) is a Spanish professional football player currently playing for Getafe CF.He made his professional debut for Getafe CF on December 16 2010 in a 2010–11 UEFA Europa League game against BSC Young Boys.On 25 July 2011 Cañas was moved to Real Valladolid to play in the B team.
 Mohammad Jahurul Islam (Bengali: মোহম্মাদ জহুরুল ইসলাম born 12 December 1986) in Rajshahi) is a Bangladeshi international cricketer.Islam made his debut for Rajshahi Division in 2002/03 playing through the 2006/07 season. He also played for Bangladesh A in 2006/07 scoring 87 against England A. A right-handed batsman and occasional off-break bowler and wicket keeper. He is sometimes referred to on scoresheets by his nickname Aumi.
 Marcus Böhme (born 25 August 1985 in Berlin) is a German volleyball player.
 Daniel Joseph Serafini (born January 25 1974) is a left-handed Major League Baseball relief pitcher who currently plays for the Naranjeros de Hermosillo of the Mexican Pacific League.
 Gloria Ruiz [״Baby-Face״] (born June 25 1928) is a former outfielder who played from 1948 through 1949 in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. She batted and threw right handed.Born in Havana Gloria Ruiz was one of seven girls born in Cuba to play in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League in its twelve years history.
 Claudio Corti (born 25 June 1987) is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Italy.
 Terry Richard The Sugar Mills (born December 21 1967) is a retired American professional basketball player who played as a power forward. He was a member of the Michigan Wolverines' 1989 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Men's Division I Basketball Championship winning team before playing over a decade in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Vladimir Nikolayevich Voltchkov (Belarusian: Уладзімір Мікалаевіч Валчкоў Uladzimir Mikalayevich Valchkou; Russian: Владимир Николаевич Волчков; born April 7 1978 in Minsk) is a Belarusian tennis player. Voltchkov reached the semi-finals at the 2000 Wimbledon Championships where as a qualifier he lost to Pete Sampras in straight sets. He represented Belarus in both the Davis Cup and the Olympics games in 2000 also won the Wimbledon juniors competition in 1996.
 Les Kaine (born 8 August 1936) was a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the VFL.Kaine started his career as a forward but was pushed into defence later in his career. He played a fullback in Hawthorn's winning Grand Final in 1961.For the rest of the 1960s he played in the Bendigo Football League with Castlemaine and Kyneton. He was the league's leading goal-kicker while playing at Kyneton in 1966 with 84 goals.
 Florent Manaudou (born November 12 1990 in Villeurbanne) is a French competitive swimmer and Olympic champion of the 50-meter freestyle at the 2012 London Olympics in London. He is the son of a French father and a Dutch mother and the younger brother of Laure Manaudou also an Olympic gold medalist.
 Neven Pajkić (Serbian Cyrillic: Невен Пајкић) (born 25 August 1977) is a Bosnian-Canadian heavyweight boxer. His professional debut was on 18 November 2005 against Sheldon Hinton. On 4 February 2011 he won the vacant NABA Canada heavyweight title in a match against Johnnie White. His undefeated run came to an end when he lost to Tyson Fury on 12 November 2011 after the referee stopped the fight in the third round.
 John McLaughlin (born 13 November 1936 in Lennoxtown Scotland) is a Scottish footballer who played as a forward in the Football League.
 Anquan Kenmile Boldin (/ˈænkwɑːn/; born October 3 1980) is an American football wide receiver for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the second round of the 2003 NFL Draft and played for the team until being traded to the Baltimore Ravens in 2010. On March 12 2013 Boldin was traded to the San Francisco 49ers for a sixth-round draft pick.
 Eliecith Palacios (born 15 September 1987 in Carepa Antioquia) is a Colombian sprinter.
 Mickey van der Hart (born 13 June 1994 in Amstelveen Netherlands) is a Dutch professional football player who plays as goalkeeper in the Eredivisie for AFC Ajax.
 Mayasisilwa Nono Lubanzadio (born 27 January 1984) is a Congolese football defender.He was a member of the Congolese 2006 African Nations Cup team who progressed to the quarter finals where they were eliminated by Egypt who eventually won the tournament.
 Ross William Fichtner (born October 26 1938 in McKeesport Pennsylvania) was an American football cornerback in the NFL for the Cleveland Browns and New Orleans Saints. He played college football at Purdue University. He is also the father of Randy Fichtner who was the receivers coach and is currently the quarterbacks coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
 Malick Badiane (born January 1 1984) is a Senegalese professional basketball player. He plays mainly as a center but he can also play at the power forward position. He is 6 ft 11 in (2.11 m) in height.
 Steven Paul Jenkins (born 30 May 1978) is an English cricketer. Jenkins is a right-handed batsman who plays primarily as a wicketkeeper. He was born at Taunton Somerset.Jenkins represented the Somerset Cricket Board in 2 List A matches against Bedfordshire in the 2nd round of the 1999 NatWest Trophy and Staffordshire in the 1st round of the 2000 NatWest Trophy.
 Li Mingzhu (Chinese: 李明珠) is a Chinese figure skater and internationally known World and Olympic figure skating coach. She coached Chen Lu to her World title and her first Olympic bronze medal. Currently Li works at the East West Ice Palace in Artesia California. Her current and former students include Chen Lu Caroline Zhang Geng Bingwa Zhang Kexin and Li Zijun.
 Murphy Akanji (born December 1 1977 in Lagos Nigeria) is a professional footballer who most recently played for Sliema Wanderers in the Maltese Football League where he played as a goalkeeper.
 Paul Cranmer (born November 27 1969) is a former Canadian football player who played two seasons in the CFL with the Saskatchewan Roughriders and Toronto Argonauts. He was selected by the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the fourth found of the 1993 CFL Draft. Cranmer played college football at Grand Valley State University. He is the son of halfback Dave Cranmer.
 Arvel Odell Hale (August 10 1908 – June 9 1980) was a Major League Baseball infielder in the 1930s and early 1940s primarily for the Cleveland Indians. Though he was born Arvel Odell Hale baseball encyclopedias listed him simply as Odell Hale which stuck with him as well as the nickname Bad News. Hale had a 10-year career including four seasons with a batting average over .300.
 Herana-Daze Lavalle Jones (first name pronounced like 'Hernandez') (born April 15 1982) is an American football safety for the Virginia Destroyers of the United Football League. He was signed by the Cincinnati Bengals as an undrafted free agent in 2005. He played college football at Indiana.Jones has also played for the Denver Broncos New England Patriots New Orleans Saints and Arizona Cardinals.
 Timmi Johansen (born 8 May 1987) is a Danish footballer who currently plays for Stabæk. He has played eleven games for the Denmark national under-21 football team. He played youth football with Hvidovre IF before moving to SC Heerenveen in 2006.
 Nicolas Plestan (born 2 June 1981 in Nice) is a French former footballer who played as a defender.
 Peter Dods (born 6 January 1958) is a former international rugby union player who played fullback for Gala and Scotland.He made his international debut against Ireland in the opening match of the 1983 Five Nations. It was a largely disappointing championship for Scotland but Dods scored 11 points in a 22-12 win over England to avoid the wooden spoon.
 Viktor Leonidovich Demyanenko (Russian: Виктор Леонидович Демьяненко) (born August 26 1958 in Alma-Ata Kazakh SSR) is a retired boxer who represented the USSR at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow Soviet Union. There he won the silver medal in the lightweight division (– 60 kg) after being defeated in the final by Cuba's Ángel Herrera. Demyanenko trained at Dynamo in Alma-Ata. He won gold at the 1979 European Championship. During his career Demyanenko won 267 fights out of 290.
 Polly Anne Plumer was the National High School record holder in the Mile run at 4:35.24 set in open competition at UCLA May 16 1982 while a student at University High School (Irvine California). That distance is no longer run in high school competition since the NFHS converted to metric distances in 1980 but it its still an international record event. Her record lasted over 30 years until it was surpassed on January 26 2013 by Mary Cain indoors running 4:32.78 at the New Balance Games.
 Martyn Douglas Moxon (born 4 May 1960 Stairfoot Barnsley Yorkshire) is a former English cricketer who played ten Tests and eight One Day Internationals for England and appeared for Yorkshire for 17 seasons from 1981 to 1997. On 8 May 2007 Moxon was confirmed as Director of Professional Cricket at Yorkshire. Before turning professional Moxon worked for Barclays Bank.
 Paola Fantato (born in Verona on September 13 1959) is an Italian former archer that won 8 medals (5 gold) at the Summer Paralympics.She participated also at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
 Marc Sneyd is an English professional rugby league player for the Castleford Tigers on loan from Salford City Reds in the Super League. His choice of position is either stand-off half or scrum half.He made his debut in 2010 playing 6 games. He featured more regularly in 2011 playing 12 games scoring 1 try and kicking a goal. However due to a strong halfback combination in 2012 his gametime was limited and he only played 5 times.
 Troy Mills (born January 7 1966 in Glendale California) was a Canadian Football League running back who played nine seasons for six different teams.
 Jack Todd (born 15 April 1880) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
 Brian Wilson (born 30 September 1961) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League (VFL).Early in his career he played in the centre and later became a forward pocket. At Melbourne he developed into an aggressive player winning possessions in packs and showed great handballing skills.Believed to be the only player to have won a Brownlow Medal at his third club. At 20 years of age he was also the youngest winner since Bob Skilton in 1959.
 Mouritala Ogunbiyi (born October 10 1982 in Ota) is a Nigeria-born Beninese football midfielder. He currently plays in France for Nîmes Olympique.Ogunbiyi was part of the Beninese 2004 African Nations Cup team who finished bottom of their group in the first round of competition thus failing to secure qualification for the quarter-finals.
 Patrick Pat Delaney (1942 - 19 August 2013) was an Irish hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.Born in Johnstown County Kilkenny Delaney first excelled at hurling in his youth. He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of twenty-six when he first linked up with the Kilkenny senior team making his debut in the 1968 championship.
 Les 'Splinter' Hardiman (1 April 1911 – 1962) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the VFL during the 1930s. Hardiman was nicknamed 'Splinter' and was a key position player for Geelong. A premiership player with the club in 1931 and 1937 he also won their best and fairest award Theo Lewis Cup in 1933.
 Kevin O'Halloran (17 January 1915 - October 1976) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda South Melbourne and Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).O'Halloran was a follower originally from Eaglehawk in the Bendigo Football League. He kicked a league equaling record seven goals on his VFL debut against Footscray at Western Oval. Over the next two seasons he had the unusual distinction of playing for three clubs.
 Pedro Alcalá Guirado (born 19 March 1989 in Mazarrón Murcia) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Murcia as a central defender.
 Roberto Junior Fernández Torres (born 29 March 1988 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan football goalkeeper who plays for Cerro Porteño in the Paraguayan Primera División.He is known as Gatito (English: little cat) for being the son of former Paraguayan 1986 World Cup goalkeeper Roberto Fernández nicknamed Gato (English: cat).
 Vyacheslav Vladimirovich Bluzhin (Russian: Вячеслав Владимирович Блужин; born 14 October 1991) is a Russian football defender who last played for FC Oktan Perm.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Oktan Perm on 21 July 2012 in a game against FC Tyumen.
 Henry William Harry Mallin (1 June 1892 – 8 November 1969) was an English middleweight amateur boxer.He came originally from Hackney Wick; later he lived in Dartmouth Park North London and died at a nursing home in Lewisham. Mallin was British Champion five years in a row from 1919 to 1923. He was also world champion in the middleweight class between 1920 and 1928.
 Jan Platil (born February 9 1983 in Kladno Czechoslovakia) is a professional ice hockey player who is currently contracted with Tappara.
 Lee David Robinson (born 2 July 1986 in Sunderland) is an English professional footballer. He plays for Raith Rovers in the Scottish Championship.
 Santiago Herrero (9 May 1943 – 10 June 1970) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He was born in Madrid Spain.
 Chua Phung Kim (Chinese: 蔡攀錦; pinyin: Cài Pānjǐn) (29 April 1939 – 4 August 1990) was a Singaporean weightlifter who first took to the sport in 1960 after being introduced to it by his elder brother Chua Peng Kim.
 Ma Jin (simplified Chinese: 马晋; traditional Chinese: 馬晉; pinyin: Mǎ Jìn; born May 7 1988 in China) is a female badminton player from China who specialises in women's doubles and mixed doubles. She partnered Wang Xiaoli in women's doubles and excelled in the category until 2010 when both players are split after China failed to defend their Uber Cup against South Korea in Kuala Lumpur.
 Dmitri Aleksandrovich Matviyenko (Russian: Дмитрий Александрович Матвиенко; born August 25 1989) is a Russian professional footballer. He last played for FC Radian-Baikal Irkutsk. He made his professional debut in the Russian First Division in 2008 for FC Zvezda Irkutsk.
 Thomas Sunesson (born 12 January 1959) is a retired Swedish football player.Sunesson began his career with Kalmar FF. He joined Djurgårdens IF in 1986. He also had a brief spell with S.C. Beira-Mar in the Portuguese Liga.Sunesson made 12 appearances for the Sweden national football team from 1983 to 1984 including two UEFA Euro 1984 qualifying matches.
 Ross Lee McKay (born March 3 1964) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Hartford Whalers during the 1990–91 NHL season.
 Kody Andrew Bliss (born February 21 1985 in Enid Oklahoma) is an American football punter. He attended Brentwood Academy in Brentwood Tennessee before signing in 2003 to play collegiately at Auburn University. He currently attends the University of Alabama School of Medicine training to become a physician.
 Robert Cram (19 November 1939 – 14 April 2007) was an English professional footballer.
 Gustaf Julius Mauritz Lulle Johansson (September 14 1900 – July 1 1971) was a Swedish ice hockey player who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics and in the 1928 Winter Olympics.In 1924 he finished fourth with the Swedish team in the first Winter Olympics ice hockey tournament.Four years later he was a member of the Swedish ice hockey team which won the silver medal.
 Matthew Gahan (born 26 November 1975) in Lismore New South Wales is an Australian baseball player who is currently a free agent and plays for the Australian national team.Matty was signed in 2000 by the New York Mets organization and played with the Brooklyn Cyclones and Capital City Bombers in 2001 before being promoted to Advanced A with the St. Lucie Mets in 2002. Gahan also played in the International Baseball League of Australia with the International All-Stars in 2000/2001.
 Bryan Leyva (born February 8 1992 in Chihuahua Chihuahua Mexico) is a Mexican footballer. He currently plays as an Attacking Midfielder for Guadalajara of Mexico.
 Jason Lee White (born 28 January 1984) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Northern Premier League Division One South side Scarborough Athletic. He has previously played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
 Barrie Bates (born 17 October 1969) is a Welsh darts player who plays on the Professional Darts Corporation circuit. Born in Merthyr Tydfil he currently resides in Bedlinog Mid-Glamorgan. His original nickname was Batesy but has since 2007 has been known as Champagne because of his bubbly personality.
 Nikolai Alekseyevich Sokolov (Russian: Николай Алексеевич Соколов; born January 18 1983) is a Russian professional footballer. As of 2009 he is a free agent.He played for the main squad of FC Lokomotiv Moscow in the Russian Premier League Cup.
 Leung Chu Yan (Chinese: 梁柱恩; Jyutping: loeng4 cyu5 jan1; born 1979) is a table tennis player from Hong Kong. He competed at the 2000 2004 and 2012 Summer Olympics.
 Andrew Hurd (born August 12 1982) is a Canadian freestyle swimmer. He began swimming at age eight and was a student at the University of Michigan. He won a gold medal on the world cup circuit in 2000 in Edmonton Alberta in the 1500 m freestyle event. He was born in Cambridge Ontario.He was a member of the Canadian team that finished in fifth place in the 4x200m Relay at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
 Dr. Jan Nathaniel Jannie du Plessis (born 16 November 1982 in Bethlehem Free State) is a South African rugby union player who plays as a prop for South Africa and the Sharks in Super Rugby. Previously he played for the Vodacom Cheetahs in Super 14 and the Free State Cheetahs in the domestic Currie Cup.
 Mara Santangelo (born 28 June 1981 in Latina Lazio) is a former professional female tennis player from Italy. She retired from the sport on 28 January 2011.
 Geoffrey Jourdren (born 4 February 1986) is a French footballer who plays for Montpellier as a goalkeeper. He has made one appearance for the France U21 squad but is yet to play for the senior team. He has came through the ranks of the Montpellier squad and is now regarded as first choice. He missed the game against A.S Monaco through injury which Monaco won 4-1.
 Jarmo Sakari Wasama (b. December 2 1943 in Elimäki Finland - d. February 2 1966 in Tampere Finland) was an ice hockey player who played in the SM-liiga. He played for Ilves. He was inducted into the Finnish Hockey Hall of Fame in 1985. Wasama won two championships (one after death) one silver and two bronzes.
 Edward Ted Killean (born 1874) was an English professional footballer who played as a half-back around the turn of the 20th century spending the largest part of his career with Blackburn Rovers.
 Wal Alexander (born 22 October 1923) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
 Brian Juliff ( (1952-12-05) 5 December 1952) born in Mountain Ash is a Welsh rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s and '80s playing representative level rugby union (RU) for Wales 'B' Wales President's XV East Wales Glamorgan County RFC at invitational level for Crawshays RFC and at club level Mountain Ash RFC Newport RFC and Pontypridd RFC as a Left-Wing or Outside-Centre i.e.
 Byron Antron Leftwich (born January 14 1980) is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars seventh overall in the 2003 NFL Draft. He played college football at Marshall University.Leftwich has also played for the Atlanta Falcons Pittsburgh Steelers and Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He earned a Super Bowl ring with the Steelers in Super Bowl XLIII.
 Lee Yoon-Eui (Hangul: 이윤의; born 25 July 1987) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a Defender for Bucheon FC in the K League.
 Ju Yingzhi or Ju Ying Zhi (Chinese: 鞠盈智; Mandarin Pinyin: Jū Yíngzhì; Jyutping: guk1 jing4 zi3; romanisation: Kuk Ying Chi born (1987-07-24)24 July 1987) also known as Ella Ju is a Chinese and Hong Kong footballer who currently plays as attacking midfielder for Sun Pegasus FC in Hong Kong. He was born in Dalian but represents Hong Kong in international competition. He was a member of the Hong Kong Asian Games football team in 2010.
 Oliver Kylington (born May 19 1997) is a Swedish ice hockey defenceman. He is currently playing with Färjestad BK of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).Kylington made his Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Färjestad BK during the 2013–14 SHL season.
 Toru Morikawa (born June 29 1966) is a former Japanese football player.
 For the politician see Daniel Paillé.Daniel Paille (born April 15 1984) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who currently plays for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted 20th overall by the Buffalo Sabres in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
 Joe Souleymane Dit Guyan Kanté (born 5 January 1982) is an ivorian football goalkeeper playing for SOA.
 Paul Edward Popovich (born August 18 1940 in Flemington West Virginia) was an infielder for the Chicago Cubs (1964 1966–67 and 1969–73) Los Angeles Dodgers (1968–69) and Pittsburgh Pirates (1974–75).Popovich attended West Virginia University where he played college baseball for the Mountaineers in 1960.He was on Pirates teams that won the 1974 and 1975 National League Eastern Division and was nicknamed Supersub for his utility work for the Cubs in 1969.[citation needed]In 11 seasons he played in 682 Games and had 1732 At Bats 176 Runs 403 Hits 42 Doubles 9 Triples 14 Home Runs 134 RBI 4 Stolen Bases 127 Walks .233 Batting Average .286 On-base percentage .292 Slugging Percentage 505 Total Bases 25 Sacrifice Hits 17 Sacrifice Flies and 14 Intentional Walks.ZAccording to the back of his 1970 Topps trading card In 1968 50 fans named Popovich came to root for Paul.The 1969 Dodgers yearbook shows Popovich surrounded by 21 fans who shared his surname.
 Felipe Anselmo Viciano (born 6 January 1986 in Santa Bárbara d'Oeste) commonly known as Pio is a Brazilian football player currently plays for Corinthians Alagoano.
 Romeo Braexir Lemboumba (19 May 1980) is a boxer who represented Gabon at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He did this in part by defeating Olympic bronze medalist Bruno Julie at the 2012 African Boxing Olympic Qualification Tournament.Lemboumba was defeated in the first round by Dominican William Encarnación in the Men's bantamweight event at the 2012 Olympics.
 Jan Hruška (born 4 February 1975) is a former professional road bicycle racer from the Czech Republic who turned professional in 1996.
 William Morris (23 November 1873 – 6 May 1945) was an English cricketer. Morris was a right-handed batsman. He was born at Lee Kent.Morris made two first-class appearances for Kent in 1896 against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's and Nottinghamshire in the County Championship at Foxgrove Road Beckenham. He had little success in his two first-class matches scoring 14 runs at an average of 3.50 with a high score of 6.He died at Westminster London on 6 May 1945.
 Igor Igorevich Portnyagin (Russian: Игорь Игоревич Портнягин; born January 7 1989 in Vladivostok) is a professional Russian footballer. Currently he plays for FC Tom Tomsk on loan from FC Rubin Kazan.
 Anita Corl Miller (born May 14 1951) is a former field hockey player from the United States who was a member of the Women's National Team that won the bronze medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles California. Anita is also an avid horseback rider and also teaches lessons
 Patrick McNally (born December 4 1991) is an American ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Harvard Crimson in the ECAC. He was selected by the Vancouver Canucks in the fourth round of the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
 Andrian CaşcavaL is a football player who currently is playing for FC Veris.
 Oliver Calvin Ross (born September 27 1974 in Culver City California) is an American football offensive lineman who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the fifth round of the 1998 NFL Draft. He played college football at Iowa State.Ross has also been a member of the Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers New England Patriots and Arizona Cardinals.
 Nicole Hayes (born April 5 1984 in Koror) is a retired swimmer from Palau. Hayes was the first Palau Olympic swimmer in history when she swam at the 2000 Summer Olympics.Hayes qualified for the 2000 Olympics via an Olympic Solidarity and a Universality place. As such she competed only in one event the Women's 100 Freestyle. Swimming in heat one Hayes swam a new Palauan Record of 1:00.89 which placed 47th overall.
 Natalie du Toit (/dʉˈtɔɪ/; born 29 January 1984) is a South African swimmer. She is best known for the gold medals she won at the 2004 Paralympic Games as well as the Commonwealth Games. She was one of two Paralympians to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing; the other being table tennis player Natalia Partyka. Du Toit became the first amputee ever to qualify for the Olympics where she placed 16th in the 10K Marathon swim.
 Michael Hutchinson (born March 2 1990) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. He is currently playing with the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League (NHL). Hutchinson was selected by the Boston Bruins in the 3rd round (77th overall) of the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
 Paddy Moran (born 28 May 1967) is a former Gaelic footballer for Dublin. He played his club football for Whitehall Colmcille operating from Full Back & Centre Back. He was a member of the 1995 All-Ireland winning Dublin team. He won a National League in 1993 and 4 Leinster medals from 1992-1995.
 Wayne Beddison (born 24 August 1961) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).Beddison a Dimboola recruit played 10 games for Essendon all in the 1983 VFL season. He took one of the best marks of the 1983 season on debut at the Sydney Cricket Ground. A forward his 18 goals that year included a six goal haul in a win over the Sydney Swans at Windy Hill in round 12.
 Marcelino Elena Sierra simply known as Marcelino (born 26 September 1971) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a central defender.
 Howard Edward Phillips (July 8 1930 – September 9 2010) was a professional baseball player. In Major League Baseball he appeared solely as a pinch runner for the St. Louis Cardinals during the 1953 season. Listed at 6' 1 180 lb. he was a switch-hitter and threw right-handed.
 Stanley McKenzie (born October 6 1944) is an American 6'5 retired American professional National Basketball Association player. Born in Miami Florida McKenzie played college basketball at New York University. He was selected by the Wizards/Baltimore Bullets in the 11th round of the 1966 NBA Draft.
 Hussein Dokmak (born on December 13 1981 in Lebanon - died on June 13 2007 in Beirut Lebanon) was an association football player who died from the results of a car bomb outside the Al Manara Stadium in which Lebanese politician Walid Eido was killed. He was always a player for the Nejmeh club which he joined in 1997.
 Mahmoud Karkar (Arabic: محمود كركر‎) (born 21 October 1974) is a Syrian footballer.He currently plays for Al-Wahda including in the 2014 AFC Cup group stage.
 Willie Edward Lanier (born August 21 1945) is a former American football middle-linebacker who played for the Kansas City Chiefs from 1967 through 1977. He won postseason honors for eight consecutive years making the American Football League All-Star team in 1968 and 1969 before being selected to the Pro Bowl from 1970 through 1975. He was inducted into Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1986.
 Tatiana Korshunova (born March 6 1956 in Ramensckoye Moscow region) is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the mid to late 1970s. She won a silver medal in the K-1 500 m event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.Korshunova also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two silvers (K-4 500 m: 1974 1979) and two bronzes (K-1 500 m and K-4 500 m: both 1977).
 Travis Burns (born 6 February 1984) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for Hull Kingston Rovers of Super League. He formerly played for the Penrith Panthers in the National Rugby League (NRL) competition. He is a utility player currently playing 5/8 and was rookie of the year in 2006 for the Manly Sea Eagles. Travis signed a three-year deal to play five-eighth for the North Queensland Cowboys starting in 2008.
 Sharon Millanta is an Australian cricket player. As of April 2014 Millanta has played six one day internationals and four Twenty20 internationals for the Australia national women's cricket team.
 Yana Sergeyevna Romanova (Russian: Яна Серге́евна Романова born 11 May 1983) is a Russian biathlete.
 Phil Chapple (born 26 November 1966) is an English former professional footballer.A centre back who started his career with Norwich City he failed to make the breakthrough and joined Cambridge United on a free transfer in March 1988. During his time at The Abbey Stadium Chapple went onto feature in the club's most successful seasons culminating in a rise from Division 4 to Division 2 in successive seasons.
 Kevin Moore (born 30 November 1965 in Lakemba New South Wales) is an Australian rugby league football coach and former player.
 Carsten Busch (born 7 August 1980 in Rostock) is a German footballer who plays for RSV Eintracht Teltow.Busch made an appearance in both the 2. Bundesliga and the 3. Liga during his stint at 1. FC Union Berlin before moving to FSV 63 Luckenwalde.
 Dmitriy Vyacheslavovich Klokov (Russian: Дмитрий Вячеславович Клоков) (born February 18 1983) is a Russian weightlifter competing in the 105 kg category. He is 182 cm tall.Klokov was born in Balashikha Moscow Oblast.
 Michael Ray Garvin (born September 29 1986) is an American football wide receiver for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He was signed by the Arizona Cardinals as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Florida State.Garvin has also been a member of the Detroit Lions and the Las Vegas Locomotives.
 Thomas Paterson (born 30 March 1954 in Ashington) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a forward.
 Filip Starzyński is a Polish footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for Ruch Chorzów in the Polish Ekstraklasa.
 Lutricia Bock (born 8 May 1999) is a German figure skater. She is a two-time German national junior champion (2013–14) and the 2011 German Novice Silver Medallist.She qualified for the free skate at the 2014 World Junior Championships.
 Norman William Plitt (February 21 1893 in York Pennsylvania – February 1 1954 in New York New York) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He pitched in one game for the Brooklyn Robins during the 1918 baseball season and then nine years later pitched for the Robins and the New York Giants in 1927.
 Leonardo Barnjak (born 31 January 1984 in Bugojno) is a Bosnian Croat football striker who plays for TSV St. Johann in the Austrian Regional League West.
 Simon Blair Doull (born 6 August 1969 in Pukekohe) is a New Zealand radio personality commentator and former international cricketer. He was a right arm medium pace swing bowler and played in 32 Test matches and 42 One Day Internationals for the New Zealand national cricket team. Doull took his career best bowling figures of seven for 65 in the Boxing Day Test in 1998 against India at the Basin Reserve in Wellington.
 Leonard was a Major League Baseball right fielder who played in one game for St. Louis Browns on September 12 1892.Leonard whose first name is unknown walked in his only at bat and stole a base.
 Bianca Botto (born June 6 1991) is a professional Peruvian tennis player. Her highest WTA singles ranking is 255 which she reached on July 19 2010. Her career high in doubles is 237 which she reached on October 4 2010. She is currently coached by Ariel Ruiz.
 Joanne Fox (born 12 June 1979 in Melbourne Victoria) is an Australian water polo player from the gold medal squad of the 2000 Summer Olympics. Fox also played on the 2004 Summer Olympics squad in Athens Greece.
 Manuel Lora Lee (born June 17 1965 in San Pedro de Macoris Dominican Republic) is a former shortstop and second baseman for Major League Baseball's Toronto Blue Jays (1985–92) Texas Rangers (1993–94) and St. Louis Cardinals (1995). He was originally signed as an amateur free agent with the New York Mets in 1982.He helped the Blue Jays win the AL Eastern Division during his rookie season in 1985 and also in 1989 and 1991.
 Henri Franciscus Huug de Groot (7 May 1890 in Rotterdam – 18 April 1957 in Scheveningen) was a Dutch amateur football (soccer) player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.He was part of the Dutch team which won the bronze medal in the football tournament. In 1913 he scored both goals in the Netherlands' first ever victory over England.
 Anton Konstantinovich Kotenev (Russian: Антон Константинович Котенев; born June 27 1992) is a Russian football defender who currently playing for FC Strogino Moscow.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Strogino Moscow on July 15 2013 in a game against FC Torpedo Vladimir.
 Leutrim Osaj (born 29 March 1992) is an Albanian footballer who plays as a midfielder for VfR Kandel in Germany.
 Sébastien Roger Sansoni (born 30 January 1978) is a French footballer who plays Étoile Sportive Pennoise.
 Vincent Nogueira (born 16 January 1988 in Besançon) is a French football player who currently plays for the Philadelphia Union of Major League Soccer.
 Thomas Lee Stalker (born 30 June 1984) is an English professional boxer from Liverpool England competing in the light welterweight division. He is currently promoted by Frank Warren.
 Roy Halstead is a footballer who played as an inside forward in the Football League for Chester City.
 David Beniamin Lazar (born 8 August 1991) is a Romanian footballer.
 Reece Simmonds (born 7 January 1980 in Sydney New South Wales) is a retired Australian rugby league player who played in the National Rugby League (NRL) for the St George Illawarra Dragons (2002–2006; 2011) and the South Sydney Rabbitohs (2007).
 Robert James Bobby Boucher (February 14 1904 in Ottawa Ontario – June 10 1931) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played one season in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Montreal Canadiens. He won a Stanley Cup in 1924 with Montreal. He was one of four brothers who played in the NHL.
 Frank Rigney (April 9 1936 – June 29 2010) was an offensive tackle for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the Canadian Football League.
 Julián Camino (born 2 May 1961 in Maipú) is a former Argentine football right back who won two league titles with Estudiantes de La Plata and was part of the Argentina squad for Copa América 1983 and since August 2011 is a member of the coaching squad of the Argentina national football team as field assistant to Alejandro Sabella.Camino was a product of the Estudiantes de La Plata youth system and became the team's right back during the 1982 season.
 Stephen Ayodele Makinwa (born 26 July 1983 in Lagos Nigeria) is a Nigerian football striker who currently plays for China League One club Beijing Baxy. Makinwa also plays for the Nigerian national team. His name Ayodele means Joy has come home.
 Magne Hoseth (born Magne Hoset on 13 October 1980) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for Molde as an attacking midfielder. From his debut in 2001 he has played 22 matches for the Norway national football team.
 Mbaye Leye (born 1 December 1982) is a football striker from Senegal. He currently plays for S.V. Zulte Waregem in Belgium.
 Ijaz Ahmed (Urdu: اعجاز احمد) (born February 2 1969 Faisalabad Punjab) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 2 Tests in 1995 and 2 ODIs in 1997.
 Chappie Sheppell was an American soccer forward who led the American Soccer League in scoring in 1943.Sheppell began playing professionally in the American Soccer League in 1934 for the Kearny Scots. In 1942 he finished fifth in the scoring table with twelve goals in seventeen games while playing for the Kearny Irish. In 1943 he topped the charts with twelve goals and fourteen assists in fifteen games. In 1950 the Irish finished runner-up to the Philadelphia Nationals.
 Marina Agoues Márquez is a Spanish football striker currently playing for Real Sociedad in the Spanish First Division.As an Under-19 international she played the 2011 U-19 European Championship.
 Cyrille Watier (born June 25 1972 in Lorient) is a former French professional football player.Watier is the Stade Malherbe Caen's top goalscorer with 61 goals in all competitions between 1999 and 2005.
 Stefano Tilli (born 22 August 1962) is a retired Italian sprinter trained by Fabrizio Lepore who specialized in the 100 and 200 m.He is a two-time European indoor champion three-time semi-finalist at the Olympic Games and was the world record holder in the 200m indoor.
 Heidi Weng (born 20 July 1991) is a Norwegian cross-country skier and fell runner.In cross country skiing her best individual World Cup finish is a third place in Lahti in March 2012. She has won three gold medals at the Junior World Championships two in relay and one in pursuit.She is a Norwegian senior champion in fell running in 2010 and placed fourth at the World Junior Championships in the same year.
 Coronta Tay Cody (born October 6 1977) is a former American college and professional football who was a defensive back in the National Football League (NFL) and Canadian Football League (CFL) for six seasons. He played college football for Florida State University and was a consensus All-American. He was picked by the San Diego Chargers in the third round of the 2001 NFL Draft and he also played professionally for the Edmonton Eskimos and Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the CFL.
 Garen Casey is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s playing at club level for Parramatta Eels Penrith Panthers Wakefield Trinity and Salford City Reds as a Centre Stand-off/Five-eighth Scrum-half/Halfback Loose forward/Lock i.e. 3 or 4 6 7 or 13.
 Stephen Banville (born 5 December 1984) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Shelmailers and has been a member of the Wexford senior hurling team since 2008. He has also been part of the Wexford football team. His brother P.J is a member of the senior football team.
 Yuri Razuvaev (also Razuvayev; 10 October 1945 – 21 March 2012) was a Russian chess player and trainer.
 Jarrad Redden (born 27 December 1990) is an Australian rules footballer for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).The young ruckman originally from Yorke Peninsula represented South Australia at the 2008 AFL National Under 18 Championships finishing the carnival third in hit-outs and hit-outs to advantage. Redden played his first ever AFL match for Port Adelaide winning over St Kilda by 4 points.
 Jermaine Gavin White (born January 13 1982 in Gary Indiana) is a professional boxer in the Junior Welterweight division and is the former Indiana Boxing Association Welterweight Champion.
 David Fischer (born February 19 1988) is an American ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing with the Krefeld Pinguine of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL). He was drafted by the Montreal Canadiens in the first round 20th overall in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
 José Nilson dos Santos Silva or simply Nilson (São Paulo April 6 1991) is a Brazilian footballer who acts as an attacker. He currently plays for Boa Esporte Clube.
 Miguel Ángel Míchel Salgado Fernández (born 22 October 1975) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right back.Nicknamed Il Due (two in Italian) he was known for his combative tackling and attacking play.
 Ho Kwok Chuen (Chinese: 何國泉; Jyutping: ho4 gwok3 cyun4; born February 20 1977 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong football goalkeeper who is currently a free agent after being released by Sunray Cave JC Sun Hei.
 Muriel June Mellon (June 14 1928 – August 23 1966) was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London. She competed in the women's 100-meter backstroke and finished seventh in the event final with a time of 1:19.0.
 Charles Joseph Charley McIlvaine Sr. (August 6 1903 – January 30 1975) was an American rower who won a gold medal in the double sculls at the 1928 Olympics together with Paul Costello. His son Charles McIlvaine Jr. also became a competitive rower and won a gold medal at the 1955 Pan-American Games.
 Maksim Aleksandrovich Meshalkin (Russian: Максим Александрович Мешалкин; born February 2 1993) is a Russian football midfielder who currently plays for FC Vologda.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Vologda on July 23 2012 in a game against FC Sever Murmansk.
 Major Bethune Minet Peter Patton (March 5 1876 – April 10 1939) was an ice hockey player and administrator. He is credited with bringing ice hockey to Britain and helping to spread the sport to Europe. He was a founding member of the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) in 1908 and was the inaugural president of the British Ice Hockey Association (BIHA) in 1914.
 Jim Burroughs is a former professional American football player who played defensive back for two seasons for the Baltimore Colts/Indianapolis Colts
 Ernesto Chaparro Esquivel (1 April 1901 - 10 July 1957) was an Chilean football defender.
 Jaron Trevor Semper (born 7 June 1970) is a former West Indian cricketer. Semper was a right-handed batsman who bowled both right-arm off break and right-arm medium pace. He was born on Montserrat.In 2003 Semper played club cricket in England for Harlow Cricket Club while in 2005 he played for Woodford Wells Cricket Club. In 2006 Montserrat were invited to take part in the 2006 Stanford 20/20 whose matches held official Twenty20 status.
 Patrik Camilo Cornélio da Silva better known as Patrik Silva or simply Patrik (born 19 July 1990) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Rio Claro on loan from Palmeiras. He plays as an Attacking midfielder.
 William Edward Roscoe Coughlin (March 15 1868 – March 20 1951) was an American professional baseball player who was a pitcher for two seasons in the National League (NL). In 1890 he pitched for the Chicago Colts and in 1891 he played for the New York Giants. Prior to his Major League Baseball career he began his minor league career in 1887 and continued afterward until 1897.
 Walter Dedaker Shaner (May 24 1900 – November 13 1992) was a reserve outfielder in Major League Baseball playing mainly at left field for three different teams between the 1923 and 1929 seasons. Listed at 6 ft 2 in (1.88 m) 195 lb. Shaner batted and threw right-handed.
 Julie Halard-Decugis (born September 10 1970 in Versailles Yvelines) is a former professional female tennis player.
 Jocelyn Ahouéya (born 19 December 1985) is a Beninese footballer. He currently plays for AS Beauvais Oise.
 Stuart Myall (born 12 November 1974) is a former English football defender. He began his career in the Football League at Brighton & Hove Albion and after an unsuccessful spell at Brentford he dropped into non-league football.
 Mark Obidozie Chukwuemeka Nwokeji (born 30 January 1982) is an English footballer.
 Reece Hands (born 6 October 1993) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Greenock Morton.
 Eugenio Torre (born November 4 1951) is a chess grandmaster (GM). He is considered the strongest chess player the Philippines produced during the 1980s and 1990s. Board 1 player of the Philippines in eighteen World Chess Olympiads. In 1974 then twenty-two years old he became Asia's first Grandmaster by winning the silver medal in the Chess Olympiad held in Nice France.
 Carim Danielo Adippe Quijano (born 15 May 1973 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for C.D. Victoria in Honduras. He has played for several clubs in Latin America Europe and Asia.
 Alexandru Ioniță (born 14 December 1994 in Bucharest) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Astra Giurgiu.
 Donald Robert Marshall (born March 23 1932) is a retired Canadian ice hockey forward. He was born in Verdun Quebec.Don played in the National Hockey League from 1951 to 1972. During this time he played for the New York Rangers Buffalo Sabres Toronto Maple Leafs and Montreal Canadiens. While with Montreal Don won five Stanley Cups 1956-57-58-59-60.Marshall played 1176 career NHL games scoring 265 goals and 324 assists for 589 points.
 Nouga Georges (born June 22 1987 in Ngondolgo Cameroon) is a Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Sportivo Luqueño in the Primera División Paraguaya.
 Gustav Richard Nyman (12 October 1874 – 14 May 1952) was a Finnish sport shooter who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics.He was born in Nummi and died in Helsinki.In 1908 he was a member of the Finnish team which finished eighth in the team free rifle competition. He also participated in the 300 metre free rifle event and finished 44th.Four years later he was part of the Finnish team which finished fifth in the team free rifle competition.
 Jack McElroy (24 March 1913 - 26 July 1958) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
 Hilal Saeed is footballer at Al-Nasr SC Dubai playing as a defender. He transferred from al fujairah football club to Al Ain FC in the summer of 2007 and played an important role in the defense line of the team during the season of that year.
 Mustapha Amari (born March February 25 1994) is an Algerian-German footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hallescher FC.
 Nicholas Heath (born 2 January 1985) is an English footballer who plays for Midland Football Combination Premier Division side Bolehall Swifts where he plays as a midfielder.
 Karin Maar-Fields-McRobert (born 11 June 1953) is a former Australian women's basketball player.
 Anthony Aylmer Hillary (28 August 1926 – 20 June 1991) was an English cricketer. Hillary was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm off break.Born at Shenfield Essex Hillary studied at the University of Cambridge while there he played a single first-class cricket match for the university cricket club against Sussex at Fenner's in 1951. In a match which ended as a draw Hillary batted once scoring 49 runs in Cambridge University's first-innings before being dismissed by James Langridge.
 Charles Henry Stuart Gmelin (28 May 1872 – 12 October 1950) was a British athlete. He competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens.
 Domen Lorbek (born March 6 1985 in Kranj Slovenia) is a Slovenian professional basketball player and younger brother of Erazem Lorbek. He is 199 cm tall.
 Geoffrey Dymock (born 21 July 1945 in Maryborough Queensland) is a former Australian and Queensland cricketer. He played in 21 Tests and 15 One Day Internationals between 1974 and 1980. On his debut he took five wickets in the second innings against New Zealand in Adelaide in 1974.He was the third bowler to dismiss all eleven opposition players in a test match and remains one of only six players to have achieved this unusual feat.
 Oswald Charles Dawson MC (1 September 1919 Durban Natal – 22 December 2008 Umhlanga KwaZulu-Natal) was a South African cricketer who played in 9 Tests all against England in the 1947 and 1948-49 series. He was a medium pace bowler and a useful late middle order batsman who was an important player for Natal from 1938-39 to 1949-50 and Border from 1951-52 to 1961-62.
 Benjamin Genghini (born December 16 1985 in Menton Alpes-Maritimes) is a French footballer who currently plays for Racing Club de Strasbourg.
 Richard Lloyd Hoover (December 11 1925 – April 12 1981) was an American relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Braves during the 1952 season. Listed at 6 ft 0 in (1.83 m) 170 lb. he batted and threw left-handed.
 Martin Fowler (born 17 January 1957 in York) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a midfielder for Huddersfield Town Blackburn Rovers Hartlepool United Stockport County and Scunthorpe United.
 Samuel Charles Charlie Deacon (1869 – 21 October 1893) was an English footballer who played as a Half-back. Originally from Farnham Deacon was one of the first players for St. Mary's Y.M.A. (later renamed St. Mary's) between 1885 and 1892.
 Choi Ho-Jung (Hangul: 최호정; born 8 December 1989) is a South Korean football player who currently plays for K-League side Sangju Sangmu.
 Taruwar Sushil Kohli (born 17 December 1988) is an Indian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast bowler.He scored a triple hundred in the Ranji Trophy semi-final match against Jharkhand in the 2012-13 season.
 Petter Hol (March 9 1883 – June 22 1981) was a Norwegian gymnast who competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics in the 1908 Summer Olympics in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics.At the 1906 Summer Olympics in Athens he was a member of the Norwegian team which won the gold medal in the gymnastics team event.In 1908 he won a silver medal in the gymnastics team event with the Norwegian team.
 Polona Hercog (born 20 January 1991) is a Slovenian tennis player. Her highest ranking is No. 35 in singles and No. 56 in doubles. Hercog has won four WTA Tour titles; two each in singles and doubles. She also enjoyed success on the ITF Circuit winning ten singles and five doubles titles. She is the Slovenian No. 1 in women's tennis.Partnering with Jessica Moore she won the 2008 French Open and Wimbledon Championships junior titles in the doubles competition.
 Neil Crompton (born 30 July 1960) is a well-known V8 Supercars presenter and commentator for Australia's Channel Seven having previously worked in a similar role at Network Ten. Crompton (Cromley or Crompo to his friends and colleagues) has more than 15 years of professional racing car driving under his belt which allows him to speak from experience when commentating.
 Glenn Joseph Frey (March 6 1912 – January 5 1980) was an American football quarterback and running back in the National Football League. He played for the Philadelphia Eagles. He played college football for the Temple Owls.
 Erik Storkson is a retired American soccer forward who spent most of his career with the Seattle Sounders in the A-League.Although born in Idaho Storkson grew up in Renton Washington. In 1988 Storkson graduated from Lindbergh High School. That fall he entered Green River Community College where he was part of the school’s Washington state championship soccer team. In 1993 Storkson played for the Seattle Storm in the Pacific Coast Soccer League.
 Galina Ivanovna Klimova (Russian: Галина Ивановна Климова born 23 August 1942) is a retired Russian rower who won a European title in the coxed fours in 1966.
 Robert Mayer (born October 9 1989) is a Czech-born Swiss professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for the Hamilton Bulldogs in the American Hockey League. He signed a three-year entry-level contract by the Montreal Canadiens in 2008.
 Todd Buster Frazier (born February 12 1986) is a Major League Baseball infielder/outfielder for the Cincinnati Reds. Frazier is 6'3 215 lb right-handed was a shortstop in college and was converted to outfield in 2009. Frazier played left field and third base for the Reds in 2011. In 2012 in addition to playing both third base and left field he has played first base filling in for the injured Joey Votto.
 Hidenori Ishii (石井 秀典 Ishii Hidenori born 23 September 1985 in Chiba) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Montedio Yamagata.
 Ádám Kisznyér (born 10 February 1988) is a Hungarian footballer who played as a striker for Újpest FC until March 2009. Because of a serious injury on the head he retired.
 Henry (Harry) Rigden Butt (27 December 1865 in Sands End Fulham Middlesex England – 21 December 1928 in West Hill Hastings Sussex England) was a cricketer who played first-class cricket for Sussex County Cricket Club and the Marylebone Cricket Club between 1890 and 1912. Butt also played three Test matches for England on their tour to South Africa in 1895-96. He later went on to become an umpire and stood in that role in six Tests.
 Dirang Moloi (born 28 November 1985) is a Botswanan international footballer who plays for DR Congolese club CS Don Bosco in the Linafoot.
 Matthew Matt Oakley (born 17 August 1977) is an English footballer who plays for Exeter City as a midfielder. His last club was the Football League Championship side Leicester City where he was captain from 2008 to 2011. He had previously played for Southampton and Derby County.Oakley played for Southampton for over a decade including their defeat to Arsenal in the 2003 FA Cup Final.
 John Hunt Thursfield (16 June 1892 – 26 April 1951) was an English cricketer who played three first-class games for Worcestershire in the 1920s. His only notable performance came on debut against Warwickshire at Edgbaston in May 1922 when he scored 35 in the first innings and took his only catch to dismiss Freddie Calthorpe.
 Arthur Nicholas Lindsay Wood (March 29 1875 – June 1 1939) was an English sailor who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics representing Great Britain.He was a crew member of the British boat Cobweb which won the gold medal in the 8 metre class.
 Inus Michael Kritzinger (born 13 May 1989) is a South African rugby union player currently playing with the Griffons. His regular position is scrum-half.
 Hannah Mills (born 29 February 1988 in Cardiff Wales) is a British sailor who won a Silver medal for Team GB with her crew Saskia Clark in the 2012 Olympics.Hannah started sailing at Cardiff Sailing Centre (Llanishen Sailing Centre) in Cardiff when she was 8 years old before moving up to sail for the Welsh National Optimist Squad and winning the British Optimist Championships in 2001.In 2002 Hannah was voted UK Young Sailor of the Year and BBC Wales Young Sports Personality of the Year.At the 2011 Skandia Sail For Gold Regatta and the 2011 Weymouth & Portland International Regatta Hannah won a Silver medal in the 470 Women class.After suffering a black flag in the very first race of the championships Hannah and her crew Saskia claimed Gold at the 2012 470 World Championships in Barcelona.On 10 August 2012 Hannah Mills helming for Saskia Clark won a Silver Medal at the Olympic games in Weymouth. 
 Adam Estoclet (born March 24 1989) is an American professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing for Hockey Milano Rossoblu of the Italian Elite.A. Estoclet played four seasons (2007-2011) of NCAA college hockey with Dartmouth College scoring 103 points in 127 games.
 Frank Rolland Dessau (March 29 1883 – May 6 1952) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He pitched in two games for the 1907 Boston Doves and in nineteen games for the 1910 Brooklyn Superbas.
 Neil Wilkinson (born August 15 1967) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player. He was selected by the Minnesota North Stars in the 2nd round (30th overall) of the 1986 NHL Entry Draft.
 Arthur Gómez (born 12 February 1984) is a Gambian football striker.
 Emma Elizabeth Carney (born 29 July 1971) is an Australian former professional triathlete and two time World Triathlon Champion. She is one of the few triathletes in the world to have won two ITU world titles. She was the world number one triathlete according to ITU rankings in 1995 1996 and 1997 and achieved 19 World Cup wins more than any other triathlete except Vanessa Fernandes.
 Gilles Quénéhervé (born 17 May 1966) is a retired French sprinter who specialized in the 200 metres.
 David Fletcher Cooper (born February 12 1987) is an American professional baseball first baseman for the Cleveland Indians. He is 6 feet tall and weighs 200 pounds. Cooper is a graduate of Tokay High School in Lodi California.
 Henry Taylor was a rugby union international who represented England from 1879 to 1882.
 Wayne Richard Krenchicki (born September 17 1954) is a former Major League Baseball third baseman. He played all or part of eight seasons in the majors from 1979 until 1986. He is currently the manager of the Evansville Otters of the independent Frontier League. He played college baseball at the University of Miami.
 Satu Marianne Pauri (née Ruotsalainen; born 21 October 1966 in Oulu) is a retired Finnish heptathlete.Pauri finished fourth at the 1991 World Championships where she broke the national record with 6404 points.
 Jéssica Quintino (born 17 April 1991) is a Brazilian team handball player. She was born in São Paulo. She plays on the Brazilian national team and participated at the 2011 World Women's Handball Championship in Brazil. She participated at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London where the Brazilian team placed sixth.
 Ronald Petrovický (born February 15 1977 in Žilina Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak ice hockey right wing formerly playing for Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) team Dinamo Riga. He is currently with the Springfield Falcons of the American Hockey League. He has played professionally in Europe and in North America in the National Hockey League (NHL) as well as international play for the Slovak national ice hockey team.
 Krister Wemberg (born 21 February 1992) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a defender for Bryne. He has previously played for Moss Bodø/Glimt and Molde.
 Charles Vincent Morrissey (c. 1903 – c. 1938) was a rugby union player who represented Australia.Morrissey a centre was born in Singleton and claimed a total of 5 international rugby caps for Australia.He was the first captain of Wanderers RFC in Newcastle NSW which was formed in 1925 having originally been established as GPS Old Boys in 1924.
 Arne Kroták is a Slovakian professional ice hockey player who played with HK SKP Poprad in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.
 Robert Bobby McNeal (19 January 1891 – 12 May 1956) was an English footballer who played as a left-half. Despite his career running through World War I he managed nearly 400 appearances in the Football League for West Bromwich Albion playing in some of the most successful seasons in the club's history. He won the Second Division (1910–11) First Division (1919–20) and Charity Shield (1920) and played in the 1912 FA Cup Final.
 Piet van Zyl (born 14 September 1989) is a South African rugby union footballer who plays as a scrum-half for the Bulls in Super Rugby and the Blue Bulls in the Currie Cup competition.
 Robert Steven Genter (born January 4 1951) is an American former freestyle swimmer and three-time Olympic medalist. He earned a gold medal as a member of the winning U.S. team in the 4x200-meter freestyle relay at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich Germany. He also won silver medals in the 200-meter and 400-meter freestyle events.
 Charles Louis Pierre Marion (January 14 1887 – November 16 1944) was a French horse rider who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.In 1928 he and his horse Linon won the silver medal in the individual dressage competition.Four years later he and his horse Linon won the silver medal in the individual dressage competition again. They were also part of the French dressage team which won the gold medal in the team dressage event.
 John Cumming Carlyle (born July 31 1929 in Falkirk Scotland United Kingdom) is a retired British ice hockey player and coach. Born in  he is a member of the British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame.
 Tomasz Laskowski (born 17 December 1984 in Ruda Śląska) is a Polish footballer (goalkeeper) who plays for Polish team Polonia Słubice.
 Lev Matveyevich Vainshtein (also Vaynshteyn and Lew Weinstein; March 12 1916 – December 25 2004) was a Soviet world champion and Olympic bronze medalist in shooting.
 Pavel Ricka (born 28 January 1987) is a professional Czech football player who currently plays for FK Viktoria Žižkov.
 Rahman Soyudoğru (born 6 January 1989) is a German professional footballer who plays as a striker.
 Choi Jong-Hyuk (Hangul: 최종혁; born 3 September 1984) is a South Korean football midfielder.
 William Peter Slim Emmerich (September 29 1919 – September 17 1998) was an American baseball player.Emmerich made his Major League Baseball debut in 1945 with the New York Giants. He was drafted from the St. Louis Cardinals in the 1944 Rule 5 draft and played during the 1945 and 1946 seasons.
 Yang Wenyi (simplified Chinese: 杨文意; traditional Chinese: 楊文意; pinyin: Yáng Wényì; born January 11 1972 in Shanghai) is a former freestyle and backstroke swimmer from China whose best performance was winning the gold medal in the 50 m freestyle at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona Spain.She was the first woman in history to go under the 25-seconds barrier in the 50m freestyle.After retirement she owned Jinyi Sports Promotion Ltd holding sports contests and running Yang Wenyi Swimming Club. 
 Nicolaas Tates (born May 5 1915 – December 25 1990) was a Dutch canoeist who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.He was born and died in Zaandam.In 1936 he won the bronze medal in the folding K-2 1000 metre competition with his partner Wim van der Kroft.
 Eduardo Enrique Cota (born May 19 1976) is an American former professional basketball player. He is currently living in Chapel Hill North Carolina.[citation needed]
 Igor Radrezza (born 6 June 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B side Padova.
 Sergei Viktorovich Kudryavtsev (Russian: Серге́й Викторович Кудрявцев; born November 26 1980) is a Russian professional footballer. As of 2009 he is a free agent.
 Giovani dos Santos Ramírez (Spanish pronunciation: [ʝoβani ðos ˈsantos]; born 11 May 1989) simply referred to as Giovani is a Mexican footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Spanish La Liga club Villarreal CF. He can also play as a winger or forward.Giovani began his football career at a young age being recruited by Spanish club FC Barcelona and played for their B team until age 18.
 Steve Mifsud (born 25 August 1972 in Australia) is a Maltese Australian professional snooker player. He was a winner of the IBSF World Amateur Championship in Cairo Egypt in 2002 beating Tim English 11–6 in the final which enabled him to get on the main tour for the 2002/2003 season although he later dropped off. He was runner-up to Mark Allen in the same event two years later.He got back onto the main tour for the 2007/2008 season by finishing top of the Australian rankings.
 Andreas Granskov Hansen (born March 5 1989) is a Danish footballer who currently plays as a striker for Brønshøj BK.
 Satoko Shinashi (しなし さとこ Shinashi Satoko legal name 尻無 智子 born January 29 1977) is a female Japanese mixed martial arts fighter.
 Julien Delonglée (born March 23 1983 in Montfermeil Seine-Saint-Denis) is a French professional football player. Currently he plays in the Championnat National for US Orléans.He played on the professional level in Ligue 2 for AS Beauvais Oise.
 Antônio Augusto Ribeiro Reis Jr. (born 30 January 1975) commonly known as Juninho (Little Jr.) or Juninho Pernambucano is a retired Brazilian footballer. He is considered by many to be the greatest free kick specialist of all time. Juninho led Olympique Lyonnais to seven consecutive Ligue 1 titles before leaving the club in 2009 while scoring 100 goals in 350 official games for Lyon and six goals in 40 games for the Brazilian national team.
 Joseph Eppele (born August 12 1987) is a professional Canadian football offensive lineman for the Ottawa RedBlacks of the Canadian Football League. He was drafted second overall by the Toronto Argonauts in the 2010 CFL Draft being the first offensive lineman taken while being ranked fifth overall by the CFL's Amateur Scouting Bureau. He played college football for the Washington State Cougars.
 James Jim McCarthy is an American professional wrestler and trainer known by his ringname Dukes Dalton who competes on the independent circuit in the Northeastern United States. He has wrestled for the Century Wrestling Alliance the National Wrestling Alliance and Chaotic Wrestling where he was inducted into its hall of fame in 2008.
 Brigitte Oertel (born 11 October 1953) is a German fencer who competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics; in 1976 she finished in 18th and fourth place in the individual and team foil events respectively. She won a silver medal in the team foil at the 1977 World Fencing Championships.
 Oleg Zoteev (born 5 July 1989 in Olmaliq Uzbekistan) is an Uzbekistani footballer who plays for home town club FC Bunyodkor playing in Uzbek League as a midfielder.
 Mujahid Jamshed (born 1 December 1971 Muridke Punjab) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played four ODIs in 1997. A right-handed middle-order batsman he was called into the squad and made his debut during the 1996/97 ODI triangular tournament in Australia.
 Aleksei Aleksandrovich Chernov (Russian: Алексей Александрович Чернов; born March 25 1974) is a retired Russian professional football player.
 Mads Christensen (born April 2 1987 in Herning) is a Danish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for the Eisbären Berlin (Berlin Polar Bears) in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (German Ice Hockey League). He joined Berlin from fellow DEL team the Iserlohn Roosters on June 1 2010.
 Nelson López (born 24 June 1941) is an Argentine football defender who played for Argentina in the 1966 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Club Atlético Banfield.
 Tyran Marquis Maze (born March 2 1989) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent. He played for The University of Alabama from 2008 to 2011 and had over 1000 receiving yards in the 2009 and 2010 seasons. In 2011 he became the lead receiver punt returner and kickoff returner for Alabama.
 Tara Pryor (née Cox) (born 9 January 1971) is an association football player who represented New Zealand.Cox made her Football Ferns 1-2 loss to Japan on 2 June 2000 and finished her international career with 4 caps to her credit.Cox's mother Barbara Cox and sister Michele Cox also represented New Zealand.
 Tim Sluiter (born 17 May 1989) is a Dutch professional golfer.Sluiter was born in Enschede. After showing promise as an amateur including winning the French Amateur Sluiter took a golf scholarship to the University of Southern California in the United States. He won two intercollegiate tournaments but chose to drop out of college after two years in order to turn professional.
 Satoru Kitaoka (北岡悟 Kitaoka Satoru born 4 February 1980) is a Japanese mixed martial artist. He has fought the majority of his career as a Welterweight for Pancrase but moved down to Lightweight in 2008 when he joined MMA promotion World Victory Road. Kitaoka is renowned for his submission grappling abilities and is the reigning Brazilian jiu-jitsu and No-Gi Open Champion in both the 79.7-kilogram (176 lb) and Absolute divisions.
 Gianluigi Rigoni (born 19 September 1956 in Cogollo del Cengio) is an Italian retired footballer. He played as a defender or midfielder. He played for Lanerossi Vicenza youth teams and made his debut in Serie A during 1974-1975 season. He then played for Padova in Serie C. Nowadays he managed Summaria an amateur team based in Veneto.
 Marouen Lahmar (born February 7 1982) is a Tunisian basketball player currently playing for Club Africain in the Tunisian Basketball League.Lahmar is a member of the Tunisia national basketball team that finished third at the 2009 FIBA Africa Championship to qualify for the country's first FIBA World Championship. Lahmar averaged 2.7 points per game and 1.4 assists per game off the bench for the Tunisians during the tournament.
 Sándor Szabó (29 January 1941 – 7 August 1992) was a Hungarian fencer. He competed in the individual and team foil events at the 1964 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics.
 Vaania Kapoor Achuthan is an Indian swimmer. At the age of 9 years Vaania was selected to represent the Karnataka state swimming team. Vaania has achieved many swimming records and has won many medals both at the nationals and state competitions.Vaania Kapoor Achuthan is supported by Anglian Medal Hunt Company
 Guillaume Alain Gille (born 12 July 1976 in Valence Drôme) is a handball player from France. He was the winner of the gold medal at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics. Together with his brother Bertrand Gille he plays for Chambéry SH.
 Grant Jacobsen (born March 4 1983 in Neepawa Manitoba) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Texas Brahmas in the CHL. Jacobsen began his career at junior level icing for the Regina Pats playing at Western Hockey League level. In his first season 1998–99 Jacobsen would play in just three games but would establish himself as a regular player the next season 1999–2000.
 Basil Malan (October 1911 – 20 June 1967) was a South African cricket umpire. He stood in six Test matches between 1950 and 1957.
 Roland Scholten (born 11 January 1965 in The Hague) is a former Dutch professional darts player who played for the British Darts Organisation and formerly for the Professional Darts Corporation. He was nicknamed The Flying Dutchman. Scholten turned full-time professional in 2001 and formerly worked as a publican. Despite his Dutch nationality Scholten speaks with a strong English accent having lived in Peterborough for several years.
 Damien Alamos is a French Muay Thai kickboxer who trains in Thailand. He is the WPMF European and World Muaythai Champion & Lumpinee stadium champion 140 lb.For his professional fighting career he is jointly managed by Numnoi and Rodrigo Alamos. He is a member of Singpatong Sitnumnoi and Impacts Bordeaux Clubs.
 Alain Côté (born 22 September 1963) is a Canadian fencer. He competed at the 1984 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympics.
 Cyril Cartwright (b. January 28 1928 in Dukinfield Cheshire England) is a former British cyclist who held national records on the track and on the road and came second in the world amateur pursuit championship in Copenhagen in 1949. He held the British five-mile and 30-mile records.Cyril Cartwright was a miner in the Dukinfield area of England. He won the national 25-mile time trial championship in 1948 one of the first riders in the country to beat one hour for the distance.
 Dariusz Śledź (born 15 September 1969) is a former Polish motorcycle speedway rider who rode in the 1995 Speedway Grand Prix of Poland. Śledź won the Polish league three times. In February 2009 he was appointed coach of the speedway club Stal Rzeszów after previously managing the WTS Atlas team.
 Anthony Calvillo (born August 23 1972) is an American former Canadian Football League quarterback. He is professional football's all-time passing yards leader and first in all-time CFL passing yards. In his career he passed for 79816 yards and is one of five professional quarterbacks to have completed over 400 touchdown passes (the others being Brett Favre Warren Moon Peyton Manning and Dan Marino).
 Cain Liddle (born 11 June 1975) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Australian Football League (AFL) in 1994. He was recruited from the Western Jets in the TAC Cup with the 14th selection in the 1994 Pre-season Draft.
 Hao Junmin (simplified Chinese: 蒿俊闵; traditional Chinese: 蒿俊閔; pinyin: Hāo Jùnmǐn; born 24 March 1987) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League.
 Vyacheslav Sakayev (Сакаев Вячеслав born 12 January 1988 in Novosibirsk Oblast) is a Russian athlete specialized in 400 m hurdles. His personal best is of 49.59s when he won the National Championships in Cheboksary on 4 July 2012 when he qualified for London Olympic Games.He won the Silver Medal at 2007 European Athletics Junior Championships.
 Carmelo Buonocore (born February 19 1912 in Capua; died in 1982) was an Italian professional football player.
 Silas Clarke Lefty Herring (March 4 1880 – February 11 1965) was a first baseman in Major League Baseball. He played for the National League's Washington Senators and American League's Washington Senators. He stood at 5 ft 11 in (1.80 m) and weighed 160 lbs.
 Dennis James Stark (born October 27 1974) is a retired Major League Baseball right-handed pitcher. He is an alumnus of the University of Toledo.
 Miroslav Todić (born January 6 1985) is a Bosnian professional basketball player for Enel Brindisi of the Lega Basket Serie A.
 Manabu Mima (美馬 学 born September 19 1986) is a Japanese professional baseball player. A pitcher he plays for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles of the Pacific League in Nippon Professional Baseball.Mima attended Fujishiro High School and Chuo University. Mima pitched for Tokyo Gas in the industrial leagues after college. The Rakuten Golden Eagles chose him in the second round of the 2010 draft. He then joined the Japanese national baseball team for the 2010 Asian Games.
 Bohdan Ulihrach (born 23 February 1975 in Kolín Czechoslovakia) is a professional tennis player from the Czech Republic.
 Daniil Nikolayevich Savichev (Russian: Даниил Николаевич Савичев; born June 12 1994) is a Russian football midfielder who currently playing for FC Torpedo Moscow.He made his debut in the Russian National Football League for FC Torpedo Moscow on October 7 2013 in a game against FC Arsenal Tula.
 Joyce Haddelsey was an English Women's Test cricketer.
 Robert Allen Bob Griese (pronounced /ˈɡriːsiː/ GREE-see; born February 3 1945) is a former American football quarterback who earned All-American honors with the Purdue Boilermakers before being drafted in 1967 by the American Football League's Miami Dolphins. Griese led the Dolphins to three consecutive Super Bowl appearances including two Super Bowl victories (VII and VIII).
 Gonzalo Cacicedo Verdú (born 21 October 1988 in Cartagena Murcia) known as simply Gonzalo is a Spanish footballer who plays for Córdoba CF B in Segunda División B as a central defender.
 Liew Kit Kong (Chinese: 廖吉光; pinyin: Liao Jiguang;born January 6 1979 in Perak) is a Malaysian footballer who is currently a free agent. Formerly he played as a striker for Felda United FC. He was also a former member of the Malaysian national team.He won the favourite striker award for the 2007-08 FAM Football Awards ahead of two other nominees Mohd Safee Mohd Sali and Mohd Zaquan Adha Abdul Radzak despite playing for the second division of Malaysian league the Malaysia Premier League.
 Oscarre Vicich first name also spelled Oscar (June 26 1922 in Rijeka - February 17 1994) is a retired Italian professional football player.
 Riza Durmisi (born 8 January 1994) is a Danish professional footballer currently playing for the Danish club Brøndby IF. Durmisi has represented Denmark at several youth levels. Riza is a left wing-back.
 Loretto Petrucci (born August 18 1929 in Capostrada) is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer.
 Amir Vahedi (February 25 1961 – January 8 2010) was an Iranian professional poker player born in Tehran Iran. who won a World Series of Poker (WSOP) bracelet at the 2003 World Series of Poker in the $1500 No Limit Hold'em event.Vahedi was a resident of Sherman Oaks California and was the first poker tutor of the actor Ben Affleck.
 Vyacheslav Kulyomin (born 14 June 1990) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
 Rasheed Wesley Sulaimon (born March 9 1994) is an American college basketball player who currently plays at Duke University. He is the starting shooting guard for the Blue Devils.Sulaimon was selected as a McDonald’s All-American as well as a Jordan Brand Classic All-American in 2012.
 Mikhail Nikolayevich Spirin (born August 5 1990) is a Russian football midfielder who last played for FC Vityaz Podolsk of the Russian Second Division.
 Deborah Debbie McCormick (born January 8 1974 in Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada as Debbie Henry) is an American curler from Rio Wisconsin. Although born in Canada McCormick moved to Madison Wisconsin when she was very young. Both her parents are Canadian.
 Bakary Koné (French pronunciation: ​[bakaʁi kɔne] born 27 April 1988 in Ouagadougou) is a Burkinabé footballer who plays as a central defender for French club Lyon.
 Saori Obata (Japanese: 小畑沙織 born April 23 1978 in Sapporo Japan) is a retired tennis player from Japan. She turned professional in April 1996 and on February 9 2004 she achieved her career-high singles ranking of 39 and on the same day she reached her career-high doubles ranking of 98.
 Philip Edeipo (born 11 April 1986) is a Nigerian footballer. He currently plays for FC Kaisar in Kazakhstan Premier League.
 Kevin Shem Lata is a Vanuatuan footballer who plays as a defender.
 Rafael Coelho Luiz or simply Rafael Coelho (born May 20 1988 in Florianópolis) is a Brazilian striker. He currently plays for the Chinese club Changchun Yatai.
 Kevin Christopher Minter (born December 3 1990) is an American football linebacker for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL). Minter played college football for Louisiana State University (LSU). The Arizona Cardinals picked him in the second round of the 2013 NFL Draft.
 Genalvo da Silva Oliveira (born 5 January 1982) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Tupi as a midfielder.
 James Robert Wyman (24 April 1909 – 1978) also known as Bob Wyman was an ice hockey player who played in Great Britain. He also played for the Great Britain national ice hockey team which won the gold medal at the 1936 Winter Olympics (see Ice hockey at the 1936 Winter Olympics).
 Joseph Henri Richard (born February 29 1936) is a former professional ice hockey player who played centre with the Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1955 to 1975. He was the brother of hockey legend Maurice 'The Rocket' Richard and consequently because he was 15 years younger and three inches shorter he was given the nickname The Pocket-Rocket.
 Siegfried Fricke (born November 19 1954) is a German rower who competed for West Germany in the 1976 Summer Olympics and later became a politician.He was born in Bralorne British Columbia Canada.In 1976 he was a crew member of the West German boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed fours event.
 Hugo Kanabushi (born May 22 1989) is a Brazilian professional baseball pitcher who is currently with the Tokyo Yakult Swallows in Nippon Professional Baseball. He represented Brazil at 2013 World Baseball Classic.
 Rodolfo Xavier Neves (born 13 March 1989) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a Striker.
 Sidney Stranne (8 February 1886 – 3 August 1957) was a Swedish modern pentathlete and fencer. He competed in the modern pentathlon at the 1912 Summer Olympics and in fencing at the 1928 Summer Olympics.
 Fabián Andrés Vargas Rivera (born 17 April 1980 in Bogotá) is a Colombian football midfielder who currently plays for Millonarios F.C. He played also as a captain for the Colombia national team Vargas can either play as a central Midfielder or as a defensive midfielder.Vargas is a player of physical approach to the game (which earned him a reputation for being a dirty player) Vargas' nickname is el perro (the dog).
 Petr Janečka (born 25 November 1957 in Gottwaldov) is a former Czechoslovak footballer.He played 39 matches for the Czechoslovakia national team and participated in the 1982 FIFA World Cup.
 Yusuf Pathan (Urdu:ماسٹردا یوسف خان پٹھان Hindi:युसुफ पठान) (born 17 November 1982) is an Indian cricketer. Pathan made his debut in first-class cricket in 2001/02. He is a powerful and aggressive right-handed batsman and a right-arm offbreak bowler. His younger brother Irfan Pathan is also an Indian cricketer.He is also the first batsman to be given out for obstructing the field in Twenty20 cricket.
 Arantxa Rus (Dutch pronunciation: [aʀɑntʃa ʀœs])(born 13 December 1990 in Delft South Holland Netherlands) is a Dutch tennis player. In 2008 she won the Australian Open for juniors defeating Jessica Moore from Australia. With this win she went from the 35th to 2nd place on the junior ranking ultimately becoming the world junior No.1 player.Rus' biggest successes to date are a second round shocker over World No.
 Erik Manuel Lamela (born 4 March 1992) is an Argentine footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for Tottenham Hotspur and the Argentina national team. He is known for his exceptional dribbling ability and pace and is nicknamed Coco.
 Lengana Nkhethoa (born 17 August 1978) is a Lesothan footballer who currently plays as a defender for Lesotho Defense Force. He has won seven caps for the Lesotho national football team since 2005.
 Alessandro Andreozzi is a former Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Italy. He currently races for Pedercini Team in the Superbike World Championship aboard a Kawasaki ZX-10R. He has also competed in the CIV Moto2 Championship where he was champion in 2011 the CIV Superbike Championship and the FIM Superstock 1000 Championship.
 Adam Christopher Pettyjohn (born June 11 1977 in Phoenix Arizona) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher. Pettyjohn attended Exeter High School in California and then Fresno State University where he was a teammate of pitcher Jeff Weaver. He bats right-handed and throws left-handed. In 1998 Pettyjohn was drafted by the Detroit Tigers in the 2nd round (73rd overall). He signed for a $392500 bonus.
 Jamie Franks (born September 25 1986 in Medford New Jersey) is an American soccer player who last played for Rochester Rhinos in the USSF Division 2 Professional League. He is currently an assistant coach for the University of Denver. Franks is one of four brothers; Ryan Brad and Kyle.
 Gregory Stephen Mud Paslawski (born August 25 1961) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played eleven seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Montreal Canadiens St. Louis Blues Winnipeg Jets Buffalo Sabres Quebec Nordiques Philadelphia Flyers and Calgary Flames.
 Olga Viacheslavovna Glatskikh (Russian: Ольга Вячеславовна Глацких born 13 February 1989) is a Russian rhythmic gymnast. She won a gold medal in the group competition at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.
 Otis Samuel Lambeth (May 13 1890 – June 5 1976) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for three seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians from 1916 to 1918 pitching in 43 career games.
 I. Gopalakrishnan (15 October 1915 – 7 August 1981) was an Indian cricket umpire. He stood in seven Test matches between 1961 and 1969.
 Akwei Ransford Addo (born 21 July 1983 in Accra) is a football player from Ghana who currently plays for Shanghai East Asia in the Chinese Super League.
 Nicholas Peter Gerrard Wright (born 9 January 1960) is a former English cricketer. Wright was a left-handed batsman his bowling style is unknown. He was born in Mill Hill Middlesex.Wright made his debut for Hertfordshire in the 1980 Minor Counties Championship against Norfolk. Wright played Minor counties cricket for Hertfordshire from 1980 to 1997 which included 76 Minor Counties Championship matches and 21 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches.
 Justice Wamfor (born 5 August 1981) is an Cameroonian footballer who plays for Royal Antwerp in the Belgian Second Division as a midfielder. He previously played for Racing Club Bafoussam RC Genk Germinal Beerschot and more recently for Israeli Premier League side Maccabi Petah Tikva.
 David C. Brown was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward for Burnley.
 Byron Joseph Anthony (born 20 September 1984 in Newport) is a former Wales under-21 international footballer who plays for Newport County. He is a graduate of the Cardiff City youth system and spent the majority of his professional football career at Bristol Rovers including promotion from League Two in the 2006–07 season.
 Idrees Kenyatta Walker (born February 1 1979) is a former American college and professional football player who was an offensive tackle in the National Football League (NFL) for six seasons during the early 2000s. Walker played college football for the University of Florida. A first-round pick in the 2001 NFL Draft he played professionally for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the NFL.
 Hideo Ōshima (Japanese: 大島 秀夫 born March 7 1980 in Gunma Japan) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the J-league team Giravanz Kitakyushu.
 Ángel Isaac Salomé (born June 8 1986 in Santo Domingo Dominican Republic) is a former Major League Baseball catcher.
 Ould Lamine Abdallah (born 1929) is a French former long-distance runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
 Anthony Dwyer (born 1 January 1970) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s.Recruited from Westmeadows Dwyer joined his brother David at North Melbourne in 1990 and played two games late in the season.
 Steve Pecher (born St. Louis Missouri) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who is currently the Director of the St. Louis/Busch Soccer Club.
 Alyaksandr Vishnyakow (Belarusian: Аляксандр Вішнякоў; Russian: Александр Вишняков; born 8 May 1986) is a Belarusian footballer (striker) playing currently for FC Naftan Novopolotsk.
 Kazushi Mitsuhira (三平 和司 Mitsuhira Kazushi born January 13 1988 in Hadano Kanagawa) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Kyoto Sanga F.C..
 Rocky Rexhap Lekaj (born 12 October 1989) is an Kosovo-born footballer who has represented Norway at an international youth level and formerly played in midfield for Sheffield Wednesday. He currently plays for Raufoss.
 Arne Jørgensen (July 15 1897 – February 16 1989) was a Danish gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.He was part of the Danish team which was able to win the silver medal in the gymnastics men's team Swedish system event in 1920.
 Kashiwado Risuke (柏戸 利助 1783 – December 3 1828) was a sumo wrestler from Goshogawara Aomori Japan.
 Kelly Simone Talavou (born October 4 1984) is an American football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent. He was originally signed by the Atlanta Falcons as an undrafted free agent in 2007 and has also been a member of the Seattle Seahawks and Baltimore Ravens.Talavou played his junior and senior season college football at Utah where he transferred from the University of Idaho in 2004. He lettered in his freshman and sophomore season with the Vandals.
 James Franklin Lee (born March 12 1980) is a former American football defensive end that was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the 2003 NFL Draft. Lee played college football at College of the Redwoods a junior college in Eureka California and Oregon State.
 Dr David Max Marsh MBE (born 1934) is a former amateur golfer who is better known as a former Chairman of Everton Football Club.Marsh was named captain of The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews in 1990 having previously been president of the Lancashire and then English Unions between 1973 and 1975. He was the youngest captain of Southport and Ainsdale Golf Club in 1967.Marsh won the English Amateur in 1964 and 1970 and represented England on 75 occasions.
 Leonard Joseph Stephen Boehmer (born June 28 1941 at Flint Hill Missouri) is a retired American Major League Baseball player who appeared in 50 games played between the 1967 and 1971 seasons for the Cincinnati Reds and New York Yankees. Primarily a first baseman but also a utility infielder he was listed at 6 feet 1 inch (1.85 m) tall and 192 pounds (87 kg) and threw and batted right-handed.Boehmer grew up in Flint Hill Missouri a town of about 100 residents. He attended St.
 Nicholas Ferenc Nicky Deverdics (born 24 November 1987 in Newcastle upon Tyne Tyne and Wear) is a left-footed creative midfielder who plays for Tadcaster Albion.
 Mark King (born 6 June 1988 in England) is an English professional footballer who is currently without a club. He had previously been signed on non-contract terms at Northwich Victoria F.C. after being released by Accrington Stanley at the end of the 2007-2008 season however he left Northwich in September 2008.
 Dante Marsh (born February 26 1981 in Oakland California) is a cornerback with the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League. Marsh attended college at Fresno State.
 Ivan Vyacheslavovich Belyayev (Russian: Иван Вячеславович Беляев; born May 26 1986) is a Russian professional football player who is currently a free agent.
 Darren Morris (born 24 September 1974) is a former Wales international rugby union player who also represented the British and Irish Lions. He currently plays for Doncaster Knights as a loosehead prop.
 Wallace Stanfield Stan Lane (born August 5 1953) is an American retired professional wrestler trained by Ric Flair who started wrestling in 1974 in Championship Wrestling from Florida. For a brief time in Florida he was nicknamed Nature Boy. He is best known as one half of The Fabulous Ones the Midnight Express and the Heavenly Bodies.
 John Francis Pott (born November 6 1935) is an American professional golfer. Pott was born in Cape Girardeau Missouri and reared in southern Mississippi where he learned to play golf on the course where his father was the club professional. He played collegiately at Louisiana State University helping the Tigers win the NCAA Championship in 1955.Pott turned pro in 1956. He won five times on the PGA Tour in the 1960s.
 Fidel LaBarba (September 29 1905 – October 3 1981) was a United States boxer and sportswriter. He was born in New York City but grew up in Los Angeles California. As a boy he sold newspapers and learned to fight on street corners. LaBarba was discovered at age 14 by manager George Blake who embarked him on an amateur career. As an amateur he won the flyweight division at the national Amateur Athletic Union tournament in Boston and he qualified for the United States Olympic team.
 Radoslav Batak (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Радослав Батак born 15 August 1977 in Novi Sad) is a Serbian football defender who last represented Montenegro internationally.He played most of his initial career in Serbia with ČSK Pivara FK Mladost Apatin FK Vrbas but mostly with top league FK Vojvodina. For some period he played in Russia with FC Dynamo Moscow before moving to Turkey to play initially with Ankaraspor and from 2009 to 2010 with Antalyaspor.
 Luciano Luprano (born January 1 1985) is an Italian-Canadian professional wrestler better known by his ring name Don Paysan. He has competed in numerous North American independent promotions including the International Wrestling Syndicate Combat Zone Wrestling Alpha-1 Wrestling and Northern Championship Wrestling.
 Mehdi Niyayesh Pour born 25 January 1992) is an Iranian footballer currently playing in Foolad F.C. He plays Striker but can also play as a Right Winger.
 Saskia Johanna Webber (born June 13 1971) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who previously played for the United States women's national soccer team as well as the New York Power and Philadelphia Charge in the Women's United Soccer Association. She is currently a host for Q Televisions's On Q Live.
 Kirsty Elizabeth Flavell (born 20 November 1967) as Kirsty Bond in Christchurch. She played six women's test matches and 38 women's one-day internationals for New Zealand and she was the first woman to score a double century in a women's Test match in 1996.
 Soccor Velho (27 July 1983 – 22 June 2013) was an Indian footballer who last played for Air India in the I-League. He previously played for Cabral Golden Gunners and Central Railway.
 Yevhen Chepurnenko (Ukrainian: Євген Костянтинович Чепурненко; born 6 September 1989 in Berdyansk Zaporizhzhia Oblast Ukrainian SSR Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for Desna Chernihiv in the Ukrainian Second League.
 Archibald Brash (born 18 January 1873) was a Scottish footballer.Brash was a diminutive right winger who signed for Sheffield Wednesday in July 1894 from Paisley St. Mirren. He was a member of the 1896 F.A. Cup winning team. He joined Crewe Alexandra in 1898 before returning to Wednesday for a second spell. He was sold to Leicester Fosse in June 1900 for £110 but did not live up to his big reputation.
 Marian Alexandru Tudori (born 11 October 1978 in Bucharest) is a Romanian rugby union player. He plays as a flanker.He plays for CS Dinamo București (rugby).Tudori has 35 caps for Romania since 2003 with 4 tries scored 20 points in aggregate. He was called for the 2003 Rugby World Cup playing four games and for the 2007 Rugby World Cup playing three games. He never scored in any of his two presences.
 Robert Leo Patrick Grandpappy Dove (February 21 1921 – April 19 2006) served as an All-America end at the University of Notre Dame and went on to play for eight seasons in the National Football League. Following his retirement as a professional player Dove embarked on a 37-year coaching career at the professional and collegiate levels. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2002.
 Jodie Clare Henry OAM (born 17 November 1983 in Brisbane Queensland) is an Australian swimmer Olympic gold medalist and former world-record holder.
 Kim Young-Hoo (Hangul: 김영후; hanja: 金泳厚 born March 11 1983) is a South Korean football player who plays as a striker for South Korean K League Classic side Gangwon FC. Kim began his career at Korea National League side Ulsan Hyundai Mipo Dockyard. He won the National League top scorer the his first season. After two seasons in Ulsan he won the second National League top scorer with 31 goals. On November 18 2008 Kim was as one of sixteen priority member join Gangwon FC.
 Zoltán Kelemen (born 31 July 1986) is a Romanian figure skater. He is a seven-time Romanian national champion.
 Khatuna Lorig (born January 1 1974 in Tbilisi as Khatuna Kvrivichvili Georgian: ხათუნა ქვრივიშვილი) is an American archer of Georgian origin.She has used at least 3 different last names while competing in and representing various different countries. Khatuna Kvrivichvili CCCP(part of the Unified Team) at Barcelona 1992. At the age of 18 she won the bronze medal Khatuna Lorigi while competing for Georgia in the Atlanta (1996) and Sydney (2000) Olympic games.
 Trevon Trey Jenifer (born September 7 1988 in La Plata Maryland) is an American Paralympic wheelchair basketball player.
 Son Tae-jin (Hangul: 손태진 Hanja: 孫泰珍) (born May 5 1988 in Gyeongsan Gyeongsangbuk-do South Korea) is a South Korean Taekwondo practitioner.In May 2007 Son first competed in the World Taekwondo Championships in Beijing China at the age of 19 but lost to Algimiro Mejias of Venezuela in the bantamweight (-62 kg) first round.In September 2007 he finished in 1st place in the -68 kg category at the World Qualification Tournament in Manchester England by defeating 2005 world featherweight (-67 kg) champion Mark López of United States in the quarterfinals and 2007 world featherweight (-67 kg) champion Gessler Viera Abreu of Cuba in the final.In May 2008 Son eventually qualified for the 2008 Beijing Olympics defeating 2006 Asian Game winner Kim Ju-Young and 2004 Olympic bronze medalist Song Myeong-Seob at the 2008 Korean Olympic Taekwondo Trials.On August 21 2008 Son won the gold medal in the -68 kg category at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing defeating Mark López of the United States in the final.On July 22 2009 Son was knocked out by Park Hyung-Jin in Round 2 of the featherweight (-68 kg) final match at the 2009 President's Cup in Ulsan South Korea via a back spinning hook kick. 
 Nikolay Valentinovich Kolesnichenko (Russian: Никола́й Валенти́нович Колесниче́нко; born July 29 1985) is a Russian professional association football player. In 2011 he last played in the Russian Second Division for FC Metallurg-Oskol Stary Oskol.
 Víctor García Blázquez (born 13 March 1985) is a Spanish athlete competing in 3000 metres steeplechase. His personal best at the 3000 metres steeplechase is 8:15.20.Garcia got bronze medal at the 2012 European Championships in Helsinki at the 3000 metres steeplechase event.
 Ilmari Pitkänen is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays for Espoo Blues of the SM-liiga.
 Gabriel Fernando Atz (born 4 August 1981 in Portão Rio Grande do Sul) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Pelotas in the Campeonato Gaúcho.
 Hidrobo Vilson Rosero (born 24 August 1974) is a retired Ecuadorian football midfielder. He was a member of the Ecuador national football team at the 1997 Copa América and obtained a total number of four caps during his career and was a member of the Ecuador squad for Copa América 1997.
 Sha'reff Rashad Jr. (born October 6 1986) is an American football safety who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Central Florida. In 2012 Sha'reff was signed as a DB by the Utah Blaze an Arena Football team.He has also played for the Washington Redskins.
 Robert Burrow is an English professional rugby league footballer with the Leeds Rhinos of Super League. He has represented both England and Great Britain as a hooker/half. He has spent his whole career to date at Leeds having won the Super League championship with them five times.
 Jin Sun-Yu (Hangul: 진선유 Hanja: 陳善有) (born December 17 1988 in Daegu South Korea) is a South Korean short-track speed skater. She is a triple Olympic Champion from 2006 and a three-time Overall World Champion (for 2005–2007).She was the winner of the gold medal in the 1500 meters and the silver medal in the 1000 meters at the 2005 World Championships as she ended up as the overall champion.
 Reginald Parrish McNeal (born September 20 1983 in Lufkin Texas) is a former professional American football player. He played five seasons in the Canadian Football League. He played college football at Texas A&M University.
 Francisco 'Paco' Alcácer García (born 30 August 1993) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Valencia CF in La Liga as a striker.
 Anthony G. Becht (born August 8 1977) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League. He was drafted by the New York Jets 27th overall in the 2000 NFL Draft. He played college football at West Virginia. He most recently played for the Kansas City ChiefsBecht also was a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers St. Louis Rams Arizona Cardinals and Kansas City Chiefs.
 Dylan Hunter (born May 21 1985 in Quebec City Quebec) is an ice hockey player who is a former captain of the London Knights of the OHL and is now currently an assistant coach for the London Knights.He was drafted 273rd overall in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft by the Buffalo Sabres in the 9th round. He is the son of former Washington Capitals player and former Washington Capitals head coach Dale Hunter.
 Motganhalli Laxminarsu Jaisimha About this sound pronunciation (Kannada: ಮೋಟ್ಗನ್-ಹಳ್ಳಿ ಲಕ್ಷ್ಮಿನರಸು ಜೈಸಿಂಹ; 3 March 1939 Secunderabad Andhra Pradesh – 6 July 1999 Sanikpuri Secunderabad Andhra Pradesh) was an Indian Test cricketer.M. L. Jaisimha a right-handed batsman who was noted for his style on and off the field. He bowled medium pace often opening the bowling for India and off breaks and was a brilliant fielder. But it was the way he went about things that caught the eye.
 Konstantin Nikolayevich Kolesnikov (Russian: Константин Николаевич Колесников; born June 5 1984) is a Russian professional football player. Currently he plays in the Russian Second Division for FC Oryol.
 Jesús Díez (31 May 1931 – 28 March 2003) was a Spanish fencer. He competed in four events at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
 Juan Pablo Sorín (born May 5 1976) is a former Argentine footballer. He was captain of the Argentine team in the 2006 FIFA World Cup. He is a versatile left defender who can play anywhere on the wing. He has an eccentric style of play and despite being played in defensive roles is often found up front attacking using his technical and aggressive heading skill to great effect.
 Thiago Neves Augusto commonly known as Thiago Neves (born 27 February 1985 in Curitiba) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Al-Hilal.
 Alfred Thomas Alf George (7 September 1884 – 28 April 1946) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL). George was the captain of Melbourne for the 1912 and 1913 seasons. George also served in the Australian Imperial Force (AIF) in World War I.
 Haris Tabaković (born 20 June 1994) is a Swiss footballer of Bosnian descent who currently plays as a striker for Swiss Challenge League side Wil on loan from BSC Young Boys in the Swiss Super League. He made his debut during the 2012/13 season. On January 6 2014 it was announced that Tabakovic will join Challenge League team Wil on loan on a 1.5 year contract that will keep him there until 2015. He's also active as a Swiss youth international.
 Ivans Lukjanovs (born 24 January 1987 in Daugavpils) is a Latvian football midfielder who currently plays for Rotor Volgograd in the Russian National Football League and Latvia national football team.
 Denys Sylantyev (born 3 October 1976 in Zaporizhzhia) is a Ukrainian swimmer who won the silver medal at the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney in the 200 m butterfly.He won the Mare Nostrum circuit three times: 2000 2001 and 2002.
 Blagoy Paskov (Bulgarian: Благой Пасков; born 2 March 1991 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Spartak Varna as a striker.
 Joseph Peter Hanks (born 2 March 1995) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Gloucester City on loan from Cheltenham Town. Hanks was born in Gloucester and attended St Peters School.
 Jacob Tshisevhe (born 4 April 1969 in South Africa) was an South African football (soccer) defender Kaizer Chiefs Mamelodi Sundowns Black Leopards and Pietersburg Pillars
 Henry Eli Staley (November 3 1866 in Jacksonville Illinois – January 12 1910 in Battle Creek Michigan) was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the major leagues from 1888 to 1895. He would play for the Boston Beaneaters Pittsburgh Alleghenys/Pirates Pittsburgh Burghers and St. Louis Browns.
 Maximiliano Maxi Viera is a retired Uruguayan-American football (soccer) midfielder.
 Francis James Frank Oliver (24 December 1948 – 16 March 2014) was a New Zealand rugby union player and coach. He captained the New Zealand national side the All Blacks in four matches.
 Leroy Holt (born March 16 1967 in Carson California) is a former American football fullback from the University of Southern California.
 Anthony Lee Tony Barnette (born November 9 1983 in Anchorage Alaska) is a professional baseball player for the Tokyo Yakult Swallows. Originally hailing from Federal Way Washington he attended Thomas Jefferson High School. He went on to go to Arizona State University where pitched with the Sun Devils. Barnette was drafted by the Arizona Diamondbacks in the 10th round of the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft.
 Jim Quondamatteo (October 7 1927 – November 16 2006) a lifelong resident of Hamilton Ontario was a championship offensive guard for three professional Canadian football teams.Quondamatteo started his career with the Hamilton Tigers in 1948 but moved to the Montreal Alouettes in 1949 playing 12 games and helping them win their first Grey Cup.
 Chen Feng (born 28 January 1980) is a Chinese fencer. He competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
 Ray Samalonis (born January 31 1968) is an American professional wrestler better known by his ring name Surfer Ray Odyssey who competes primarily in Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic independent promotions.
 Marcos Paulo Alves (born 11 May 1977) is a Brazilian footballer. He had represented Brazil national football team.
 Yoandri Díaz Carmenate (born January 4 1985) is a volleyball player from Cuba who plays in different positions. He was a member of the Men's National Team that claimed the bronze medal at the 2005 America's Cup in São Leopoldo.
 Xabier Xabi Alonso Olano (Basque: [ˈʃaβi aˈlons̺o oˈlano] Spanish: [ˈ(t)ʃaβj aˈlonso oˈlano]; born 25 November 1981) is a Spanish footballer. He plays as defensive midfielder and is a deep-lying playmaker.Alonso began his career at Real Sociedad the main team of his home region Gipuzkoa. After a brief loan period at SD Eibar he returned to Sociedad where then-manager John Toshack appointed Alonso as his team captain.
 Carlos Amarel Ferreira is a Paralympic athlete from Portugal competing mainly in category T10/T11 decathlon events.He competed in the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona Spain. There he won a silver medal in the men's Football 7-a-side event. At the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta United States he changed sports to compete in athletics. There he finished sixth in the men's 5000 metres T10 event and won a bronze medal in the men's 10000 metres T10 event.
 Matthew Warren Brown (born July 28 1989) is a Canadian football kick returner for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League. He played college football for Temple University.
 Francisco Antonio Noguerol Freijedo (born 9 July 1976 in San Cristovo de Cea Ourense Galicia) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Albacete Balompié as a central defender.
 Sandra Anne Sandy Brondello (born 20 August 1968) is an Australian women's basketball coach and the current coach of the Phoenix Mercury of the WNBA. Brondello played in Australia and the WNBA before retiring to become a coach. The 1.70 m (5'7) Brondello is one of Australia's all-time best shooting guards. She played on Australia's Opals national team at four Summer Olympics and won three medals (one bronze two silvers). She attended the Australian Institute of Sport in 1986-1987.
 Anthony Steven Tony Pike (born March 10 1986) is a retired American football quarterback. He was drafted by the Carolina Panthers in the sixth round of the 2010 NFL Draft. He played college football for Cincinnati.
 Carlos Osvaldo Fernández Maldonando (born 1 November 1984) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Universidad San Martín in the Torneo Descentralizado.
 Erwin Kremers (born 24 March 1949) is a former German footballer who played as a striker. His twin brother Helmut Kremers also played as a German international with the two brothers playing with each other regularly. Erwin and Helmut Kremers are the first ever twins to play in the Bundesliga.
 Cui Ming'an (Chinese: 崔明安 born 15 November 1994 in Dalian Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Dalian Aerbin in the Chinese Super League.
 Naoya Emura (江村 直也 Emura Naoya) is a Japanese professional baseball catcher. He was born on May 6 1992. He is currently playing for the Chiba Lotte Marines of the NPB.His elder brother Masaya is also a professional baseball player currently playing for Tokyo Yakult Swallows.
 Edgar Rice Updegraff (born March 1 1922) is an American amateur golfer and urologist.Updegraff was born in Boone Iowa and descendant of the German Op den Graeff family. He received his bachelor's and master's degrees from the University of Iowa and his medical degree from the University of Colorado School of Medicine. Unlike his father and brothers who were otolaryngologists Updegraff chose urology as a specialty.
 Chen Xiaoxia (Chinese: 陈肖霞; October 8 1962) is a former female Chinese diver.Chen was born in Dongguan Guangdong Province. She started diving training in 1973 and was recruited into Guangdong provincial team in the next year. In 1976 she won a 2nd place in national competition and was admitted into Chinese national team in the following year.
 Mateus Alonso Honorio (born June 16 1983 in Brazil) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Steel Azin F.C. as a midfielder.
 Mulualem Girma Teshale (born December 9 1987 in Ambo) is an Ethiopian swimmer. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 50 metre freestyle event but did not qualify finishing 57th overall.
 Kabfah Boonmatoon is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Osotspa Saraburi in the Thai Premier League. In November 2009 he was called up to the Thailand squad for the 2009 Southeast Asian Games.
 Mike van der Hoorn (born 15 October 1992 in Almere Flevoland) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a center back in the Eredivisie for AFC Ajax and for the Netherlands U-21.
 Georgi Karaneychev (Bulgarian: Георги Каранейчев; born 9 June 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Moldovan club FC Tiraspol as a forward.
 Maximiliano 'Timpa' Timpanaro (born 23 March 1988; Azul Buenos Aires Province) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays as a striker for KS Dinamo Tirana in the Albanian Superliga on loan until 30 December 2010 from Argentinian side Vélez Sársfield.Jugó con el Kun Agüero.Nacido futbolisticamente en Alumni Azuleño Azul Bs As Argentina.
 Peter James Wilshaw (born 15 July 1987) is an English cricketer. Wilshaw is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium-pace. He was born at Newcastle-under-Lyme Staffordshire.Wilshaw represented the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board in a single List A match against Cumberland in the 1st round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2002.
 George Burgess (born 21 April 1992) is an English professional rugby league footballer for the South Sydney Rabbitohs of the National Rugby League. An England national representative forward he is the younger brother of teammate Sam Burgess.
 Serhiy Litovchenko (Ukrainian: Сергій Сергійович Літовченко; born 4 October 1987 in Kharkiv in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper. Currently he plays for Ukrainian club Volyn Lutsk where he wears number 78.Litovchenko's first professional club was FC Arsenal Kharkiv. Next he played in the Ukrainian First League and then signed contract with FC Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.
 Harold Van Buskirk (February 20 1894 – October 25 1980) was an American architect and fencing champion and a three-time member of the US Olympic fencing team. During World War I he was the officer in charge of the US Navy Camouflage Section which designed and tested camouflage for American ships both military and civilian (Van Buskirk 1919).
 Wallace McArthur Butch Davis (born June 19 1958 in Martin County North Carolina) is a retired Major League Baseball outfielder. Drafted by the Kansas City Royals in the 12th round of the 1980 Major League Baseball Draft Davis would make his Major League Baseball debut with the Kansas City Royals on August 23 1983 and appear in his final game on July 31 1994. Davis made a brief cameo appearance in the 1988 film Bull Durham starring Kevin Costner Tim Robbins and Susan Sarandon.
 Victor Dubuisson (born 22 April 1990) is a French professional golfer who plays on the European Tour.
 Scott Sio (born 16 October 1991 in Sydney Australia) is an Australian rugby union player who plays for the Brumbies in Super Rugby. His playing position is prop. He made his Brumbies debut during the 2012 Super Rugby season against the Sharks in Canberra.Sio also represented Australia under 20 at the 2011 IRB Junior World Championship. He was educated at Sydney's Trinity Grammar School in Summer Hill here he attained the roles of Captain of Rugby and School Vice-Captain in 2009.
 Oliver Korn (born June 10 1984 in Düsseldorf) is a field hockey player from Germany. He was a member of the Men's National Team that won the gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
 Sami Mohamed Al-Hashash (born 15 September 1959) is a Kuwaiti football defender who played for Kuwait in the 1982 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Al-Arabi SC.
 Albert Francis Red Nelson (May 19 1886 – October 26 1956) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the St. Louis Browns Philadelphia Phillies and Cincinnati Reds.
 Omphile Abel Ramela (born 14 March 1988) is a South African cricketer. A left-handed batsman and left-arm orthodox spin bowler he made his first-class debut for Gauteng in December 2007 before joining Boland the following month. He also represented the Cape Cobras on several occasions between 2009 and 2010.
 Paula Bernadette Flannery (born 27 May 1974) is a former international cricketer. She played one Test match and 17 One Day Internationals for New Zealand women between 1991 and 2004.
 Robert J. Allen (born July 17 1946) is a retired American basketball player. Allen played collegiately for Marshall University. He was selected by the San Francisco Warriors in the 6th round (71st pick overall) of the 1968 NBA Draft. He played in 27 games in the NBA for the Warriors (1968/69 season).
 Roberto Streit (born 17 November 1983 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian racing driver.
 For other people with the same name see Phil Ryan (disambiguation)Phil Ryan (born 14 May 1951) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1970s.A utility Ryan was recruited from Yarrawonga but also played some of his early football at Assumption College. He played from the forward pocket in North Melbourne's 1974 VFL Grand Final loss to Richmond.
 Joseph William Keough (born January 7 1946 in Pomona California) is a former right fielder in Major League Baseball who played from 1968 through 1973 for the Oakland Athletics (1968) Kansas City Royals (1969–72) and Chicago White Sox (1973). Keough batted and threw left-handed.
 Jorge Gutiérrez Espinosa (born 18 September 1975 in Camagüey) is a former boxer from Cuba. He won the Middleweight Gold medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics.Gutiérrez's Olympic results were:Defeated Somchai Chimlum (Thailand) 20–11Defeated Antonios Giannoulas (Greece) 20–7Defeated Adrian Diaconu (Romania) KO 1Defeated Vugar Alekperov (Azerbaijan) 19–9Defeated Gaydarbek Gaydarbekov (Russia) 17–15
 Joe Young (born August 3 1933) is a former American football defensive end in the early American Football League. He played professionally for the Denver Broncos during the 1960s.
 Willie Quinnie Jr. (born October 3 1980 in Theodore Alabama) is an arena football wide receiver who is currently a free agent of the Arena Football League. He was signed by the Oakland Raiders as an undrafted free agent in 2003. He played college football at UAB.Quinnie has also been a member of the Atlanta Falcons San Diego Chargers Green Bay Packers and Colorado Crush.
 Misaki Ohata (大畠 美咲 Ōhata Misaki born January 5 1989) is a Japanese professional wrestler currently signed to the Zabun production company and working in its two promotions; Pro Wrestling Wave and Osaka Joshi Pro Wrestling using the ring name Misaki Glico (三崎グリ子 Misaki Guriko) in the latter. She works behind the scenes as Zabun's human resources director.
 George Helmore was a New Zealand Rugby Union player who played for the All Blacks in 1884. Although he never played a test match he played 7 mathes and scored 16 points. He also played cricket for Canterbury.
 Adolfo Bernabé Zumelzú (5 January 1902 – 29 March 1973) was a football player from Argentina.Zumelzú represented the Argentina at the South American Championship 1927 and the South American Championship 1929 both won by Argentina.Zumelzú also participated in the 1930 FIFA World Cup where Argentina finished second behind Uruguay. He scored two goals in the tournament.
 Gary Wayne Neibauer (born October 29 1944) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Atlanta Braves and Philadelphia Phillies from 1969–1973. Appearing primarily as a relief pitcher Neibauer went 4–8 during his Major League career with a 4.78 earned run average (ERA).Born and raised in Billings Montana Neibauer eventually relocated to Nebraska along with his family. At the University of Nebraska he earned a varsity letter in four sports.
 Simon Woodhead (born 26 December 1962) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
 Paolo Bianco (born 20 August 1977 in Foggia) is an Italian football (soccer) defender who currently plays for Sassuolo Calcio in the Italian Serie B.
 Larry Alton Parrish (born November 10 1953) is a former Major League Baseball third baseman and current manager of the Toledo Mud Hens. Parrish batted right-handed and played with the Montreal Expos (1974–81) Texas Rangers (1982–88) and Boston Red Sox (1988). He also played two seasons in Japan for the Yakult Swallows (1989) and the Hanshin Tigers (1990).
 Paul Baier (born February 2 1985) is an American professional ice hockey defenceman currently with the Orlando Solar Bears of the ECHL.
 Igor Marchenko (Ukrainian: Ігор Марченко born 5 July 1977) is a Ukrainian former pair skater. He competed with Evgenia Filonenko. They placed 11th at the 1998 Winter Olympics. They won two medals at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships a silver in 1996 and a bronze in 1995. They are the 1998 Ukrainian national champions.
 Sergei Gur (Belarusian: Сяргей Гур; born June 6 1978) is a Belarusian former kickboxer from Minsk. He is a former 2004 WMF World Heavyweight Muay Thai champion and two time K-1 Italy tournament champion.
 Kristin Lie (born 13 December 1978) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a striker for Trondheims-Ørn between 1999 and 2013. She was also capped while playing for Norway.
 Andrea Sinclair (born May 14 1993 in Ottawa) is a Canadian curler from Ottawa Ontario. She currently resides in Whitehorse Yukon and plays lead for Sarah Koltun.
 Jack Sears (born 16 February 1930) is a British former race and rally driver and was one of the principal organisers of the 1968 London-Sydney Marathon. as popularly known as Gentleman Jack. His son David is also involved in motorsport.He won the inaugural British Saloon Car Championship in 1958 driving an Austin Westminster. After finishing on joint maximum points with Tommy Sopwith it was initially suggested the champion would be decided by the toss of a coin.
 Cha Jong-Hyok (born 25 September 1985) is a North Korean international football player who currently plays for FC Wil.
 Cuthbert Gordon Greenidge MBE (born 1 May 1951) is a former member of the West Indies cricket team. Greenidge was an opening batsman for the West Indies. He began his Test career against India at M. Chinnaswamy Stadium Bangalore in 1974 and continued playing internationally until 1991. He was half of the West Indies prolific opening partnership with Desmond Haynes.
 Maksim Olegovich Rybalko (Russian: Максим Олегович Рыбалко; born September 1 1981) is a Russian professional football player. He last played in the Russian Second Division for FC Irtysh Omsk.
 Laurence Paul Godfrey (born 9 June 1976 in Bristol) is a British archer.He studied for an HND in Mechanical Manufacturing at the University of the West of England from 1997 to 2000.
 Mark Paterson is an Australian field hockey player. He has played most of his Hockey career with the Glebe District Hockey Club. He plays for the New South Wales Waratahs in the Australian Hockey League. He is a member of the Australia men's national field hockey team. He is trying to make the squad that will represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
 Tiffany Lincoln (born 7 April 1985) is an Australian netball player. In 2008 Lincoln played for the New South Wales Swifts in the ANZ Championship. She was not signed to play in the 2009 season.
 John Ronald Dale (born 24 October 1930) is a former English cricketer. Dale's batting style is unknown but it is known he bowled slow left-arm orthodox. He was born in Cleethorpes Lincolnshire.Dale made his debut in county cricket for Lincolnshire in the 1949 Minor Counties Championship against the Derbyshire Second XI with him later appearing for the Northamptonshire Second XI in the same competition in 1955 and 1956.
 Matthew R. Matt Wiese (born September 22 1971) is an American actor and former professional wrestler. He is best known for his tenure in World Wrestling Entertainment under the ring name Luther Reigns where he performed on its SmackDown brand.
 Patrick Paddy Brennan (July 30 1877 - May 1961) was a Canadian lacrosse player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics. He was part of the Canadian team which won the gold medal. He was inducted into the Canadian Lacrosse Hall of Fame in 1966.
 Roberto Cuevas Martín (born 30 January 1981 in Abadiño Biscay) is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Balmaseda as a forward.
 Sohel Hossain is a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh. He was born on 27 August 1979 in Narayanganj Dhaka and is a right-handed batsman and bowler. Sometimes referred to on scoresheets by his nickname Pappu he played for Dhaka Division between 2000/01 and 2001/02. His only first class fifty came against Chittagong Division while he also scored 55 against Sylhet Division in a one day game.
 William Thomas 'Poley' Evans (9 April 1876 – 19 July 1964) was an Australian sportsman. He captained Queensland at first-class cricket and represented Australia in rugby union. He was born in Indooroopilly Queensland and died at Buranda Queensland.
 Maša Zec Peškirič (born 21 January 1987 in Jesenice) is a Slovenian tennis player.Zec Peškirič has won 14 singles and ten doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career. On 15 June 2009 she reached her best singles ranking of world number 93. On 19 October 2009 she peaked at world number 130 in the doubles rankings.Since her debut for the Slovenia Fed Cup team in April 2006 Zec Peškirič has a win–loss record of 8–22 in the competition.
 Dean Star Francis ( (1974-01-23) 23 January 1974) is an English professional super middle/light heavy/cruiserweight boxer of the 1990s 2000s and 2010s who has won the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) British super middleweight BBBofC English cruiserweight title European Boxing Union (EBU) super middleweight title World Boxing Organization (WBO) Inter-Continental super middleweight title International Boxing Organization (IBO) Inter-Continental light heavyweight title BBBofC British light heavyweight title British Masters light-heavy title and Commonwealth super middleweight title and was a challenger for the World Boxing Council (WBC) International super middleweight title against Jaffa Ballogou[1] BBBofC British super middleweight title against Matthew Barney[2] his professional fighting weight has varied from 167 lb (76 kg; 11 st 13 lb) i.e. 
 Shannon May (born 9 June 1991) is an Australian football (soccer) player currently playing for Australian W-League team Perth Glory. In December 2009 Shannon was awarded Perth Glory's Most Glorious Player award - an award presented to the team's best player each season. May also plays for local side Beckenham Angels SC in the Bank West Women's state League.
 Leandro da Silva (born June 26 1985 in Itumbiara) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod in the Russian Premier League.
 Carlos António Fonseca Simőes (born 21 July 1951 in Coimbra) is a former Portuguese footballer who played as central defender.Simões gained 46 caps and 3 goals for the Portugal national team.
 Kit Donovan Pellow (born August 28 1973) is a former professional baseball player. He has played parts of three seasons in Major League Baseball as a utility player and also played one season each in the Korean Baseball Organization and the Chinese Professional Baseball League.
 Frank Judge Dunlap (August 10 1924 - September 26 1993) was a championship and all-star Canadian Football League player. He spent 8 years playing professional football including with the Ottawa Rough Riders and Toronto Argonauts.Frank Dunlap was born August 10th 1924 in Ottawa Ontario. He was the second of four children born to Henry and Anne Dunlap of the Glebe. Frank Dunlap attended St.
 Aaron William Hughes (born 8 November 1979) is a Northern Irish footballer who plays as a defender for Queens Park Rangers. Hughes is able to play centre back right back or left back as well as anywhere in midfield. He is usually deployed in a centre half position for his club and country and was the Northern Ireland captain until his initial retirement in 2011.
 Marcel Dussault (born May 14 1926 in La Châtre Indre) is a former French professional road racing cyclist. He rode won 21 races in a professional career that ran from 1948 to 1959. He won Paris–Bourges in 1948 and 1949 and a stage in the 1949 Tour de France wearing the maillot jaune the following day. He won another two Tour stages in 1950 and 1954.
 Bernardo Mario Stortoni (born December 17 1976) is a former Argentine rugby union player. He played as a fullback. He enjoyed spells at Narbonne and Bristol before settling at the Glasgow Warriors where he played from 2007/08 until the end of the 2010/2011 season. He left competition afterwards.He had 26 caps for Argentina from 1998 to 2008 scoring 10 tries 50 points on aggregate. He made his debut for the Pumas against Japan on 15 September 1998.
 Colston Weatherington (born October 29 1977 in Graceville Florida) is a former arena football player. He played collegiately at the University of Central Missouri and was most recently an offensive lineman–defensive lineman for the Orlando Predators of the Arena Football League. He was originally drafted in the seventh round (207th overall) of the 2001 NFL Draft by the Dallas Cowboys and appeared in three games for the team in the 2002 season.
 Liviu Antal (born 2 June 1989 in Șimleu Silvaniei) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Liga I club Vaslui. He is best known for his speedagility and volley shots.
 Jonathon Sheffield (born 1 February 1969 in Coventry) is an English former professional football goalkeeper.
 Tess Flore Badocco Helene de Oliveira (born January 6 1987 in São Paulo) is a female water polo goalkeeper from Brazil who won the bronze medal with the Brazil women's national water polo team at the 2003 Pan American Games.Oliveira also competed at the 2007 Pan American Games finishing in fourth place. Her twin sister Amanda played in the same team.
 Michel Pageaud (born 30 August 1966 in Luçon Vendée) is a French former football goalkeeper who played for Angers SCO Valenciennes and Scottish club Dundee.Pageaud played for Dundee in the 1995 Scottish League Cup Final defeat by Aberdeen. He returned to France at the end of the 1995–96 season under the Bosman ruling.
 Georges de La Nézière (July 18 1878 in Paris – October 9 1914 near Arras) was a French athlete. He competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens.Nézière competed in the 800 metres. He placed third in his preliminary heat and did not advance to the final.For more details about his life consult http://delaneziere.free.fr
 Lucas Garcia Benetão (born 6 March 1992 in Ribeirão Preto) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Ponte Preta on loan from Fluminense as a midfielder.Patinho was loaned out to Croatian side HNK Hajduk Split in January 2013 but failed to score a cap before he was returned with his teammate Cassio in April to Fluminense.
 Joshua Ian Josh Shipp (born February 14 1986) is an American professional basketball player who plays for Türk Telekom of the Turkish Basketball League. Shipp played college basketball at the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA).
 Cathrine Latu (born 25 October 1986 in Waitakere New Zealand) is a New Zealand netball player. Latu was a member of the New Zealand Secondary Schools and New Zealand U21 teams and debuted in the National Bank Cup with the Northern Force in 2005.
 Mustafa Merry also spelled Mustapha Merry (born 21 April 1958 in Casablanca) is a Moroccan former professional football (soccer) player.He spent his most of his professional career in France and was also part of the Moroccan squad at the 1986. He also competed for Morocco at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
 Richard Taylor (born November 5 1985) is an American football cornerback who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the New York Jets as a street free agent in 2011. He played college football at the University of Maryland.
 Eugen Beza (born 1 July 1978) is a Romanian professional football player. As of January 2010 he plays for Voinţa Sibiu.
 Mohammad Heidari (born May 26 1986) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Fajr Sepasi in the IPL.
 Henry Hiram Smoky Harris (April 28 1905 – December 31 1975) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. Harris played in the Prairie Hockey League (PHL) Pacific Coast Hockey League (PCHL) and the National Hockey League (NHL). Harris played 32 games for the Boston Bruins which had several years earlier employed his brother Fred. He was born in Kenora Ontario.
 Thomas Jack Tom Hawkins (born 27 July 1988 in Finley New South Wales) is an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). The eldest son of former Geelong champion Jumpin Jack Hawkins he was drafted by Geelong under the father-son draft rule and wears the number 26 jumper.
 Otto C. Hess (October 10 1878 – February 25 1926) born in Bern Switzerland was a pitcher for the Cleveland Bronchos/Cleveland Naps (1902 and 1904–08) and Boston Braves (1912–15).In 1914 Hess was a member of the Braves team that went from last place to first place in two months becoming the first team to win a pennant after being in last place on the Fourth of July.
 Niclas Weiland (born 22 July 1972 in Hanover) is a retired German footballer. He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FSV Mainz 05. His brother Dennis Weiland is also a professional footballer.
 Elander Victor Harris (June 10 1905 – February 23 1978) was a strong-hitting outfielder and a successful manager in the Negro Leagues. Listed at 5 ft 10 in (1.78 m) 168 lb. Harris batted left-handed and threw right-handed.
 Bruno Alicarte (born 18 January 1972 in Perpignan) is a retired French footballer. He played for Montpellier HSC SC Bastia Deportivo Alavés Neuchâtel Xamax Naval 1º de Maio and Stade Lavallois.Bruno's younger brother is Hervé Alicarte.
 John Thomas Blue (born February 19 1966) is a former ice hockey goaltender. He was drafted in the tenth round 197th overall by the Winnipeg Jets in the 1986 NHL Entry Draft. He played in the National Hockey League for the Boston Bruins and Buffalo Sabres.
 Juraj Pilát (born 2 February 1992) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce.
 Ronald Allen Weissenhofer (born February 3 1964 in Chicago Illinois) is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League. He attended the University of Notre Dame. He would play in one game for the New Orleans Saints in 1987.
 Anthony Edwards (born May 26 1966 in Casa Grande Arizona) is a former professional American football wide receiver in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles and the Phoenix/Arizona Cardinals. He played college football at New Mexico Highlands University.
 Jan Opperman (February 9 1939 - September 4 1997) was an American racecar driver. He won the 1971 Knoxville Nationals the premiere event in sprint car racing.
 Erivelto full name Erivelto Alixandrino da Silva (born 7 April 1982 in Guarulhos Brazil). Erivelto is a retired Brazilian footballer who last played as a forward for América.
 Brian Clark (born September 3 1964) was a Zimbabwean cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a leg-break bowler who played for Matabeleland. He was born in Bulawayo.Clark made three appearances in the Logan Cup competition of 1993-94 scoring a half century in his debut innings.
 Mickaël Antoine-Curier (born 5 March 1983) is a French-born Guadeloupean professional footballer who currently plays for Hamilton Academical as a striker.At club level he has previously played in seven different countries: in France as a youngster for Paris Saint-Germain and Nice; in England for Preston North End and Nottingham Forest at youth level and for Brentford Oldham Athletic Kidderminster Harriers Rochdale Sheffield Wednesday Notts County and Grimsby Town at senior level; in Norway for Vard Haugesund and FK Haugesund; in Scotland for Hibernian Dundee and Hamilton Academical; in Cyprus for Ethnikos Achnas; in Malaysia for Felda United F.C.; and in Kazakhstan for FC Atyrau.At international level he has played for Guadeloupe in the Caribbean Cup and the CONCACAF Gold Cup.
 Brighton Tonderai Watambwa (born June 9 1977 in Salisbury - now Harare) is a former Zimbabwean cricketer who played in 6 Tests from 2001 to 2002. He then emigrated to the US (Miami). Now (2010) living in Belgium with his 2nd wife and their daughter.
 Peter Anthony Gooch (born 2 May 1949) is a former English cricketer. Gooch was a left-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast-medium. He was born in Timperley Cheshire.
 Erling Trondsen (born 28 December 1959) is a Paralympic swimmer who has won 20 medals thirteen of them gold between 1976 and 1992. Trondsen is currently an organizer in disabled beach volleyball.
 Frank Townsend (16 September 1875 – 25 May 1901) was an English cricketer. He played for Gloucestershire between 1896 and 1899.
 Heather Jensen (born 1985 in Calgary Alberta as Heather Moulding) is a Canadian curler. She currently skips a team on the World Curling Tour.Jensen is the former second for Heather Rankin having played for that rink from 2006 to 2011. During that time the team won just one tour event the Twin Anchors Houseboat Cashspiel in 2007. The team however was a regular on the WCT circuit and played in a total of 16 Grand Slam events.
 Mamoudou Mara (born 31 December 1990) is a Guinean professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for French Ligue 2 side Arles-Avignon.
 Benjamin Charles Hawkins a.k.a. the Hawk (born March 22 1944 in Newark New Jersey) is a former professional American football wide receiver most notably for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League from 1966 to 1973. He later played for the Cleveland Browns and the Philadelphia Bell of the World Football League. Hawkins led the NFL in receiving yards while with the Eagles in 1967.
 Allan Dzhoakimovich Dugblei (Russian: Аллан Джоакимович Дугблей; born January 4 1985 in Moscow) is a Russian professional football player. In 2009 he played for FC Nara-ShBFR Naro-Fominsk.
 Jay D Schlueter (July 31 1949 – May 13 2010) was an outfielder who played in Major League Baseball during the 1971 season. Listed at 6 ft 0 in (1.83 m) 182 lb. he batted and threw right-handed.Born in Phoenix Arizona Schlueter was a second round selection in the 1967 MLB Draft by the Houston Astros. He spent part of five seasons in the minor leagues before joining the big club in the 1971 midseason.
 Wang Jingzhi (born 28 August 1982 in Tanggu Tianjin) is a Chinese sabre fencer who competed at the 2004 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics. His biggest accomplishment is winning a gold medal at the 2010 Asian Games.
 Kevin Begois (born 13 May 1982 in Antwerp) is a Belgian football player. He currently plays for PEC Zwolle in the Dutch Eredivisie as a goalkeeper. He formerly played for KV Mechelen VVV-Venlo Roda JC Helmond Sport and FC Den Bosch.
 Bill Farnan (1851–1891) was a heavyweight boxer from Australia. He is known as Australia's first ever heavyweight champion of Australia under Marquess of Queensberry Rules.
 Jasmyne Spencer (born August 27 1990) is an American soccer forward currently playing for Washington Spirit in the National Women's Soccer League.
 Kenji Tochio (born May 26 1941) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Japan national team.
 Gordon Boyd (born 27 March 1958) is a Scottish former professional footballer who is best known for his time with Rangers.Boyd played for the West of Scotland’s elite amateur boys clubs Glasgow United AFC and Eastergraigs AFC. He was an outstanding schoolboy footballer captured by Rangers FC as a 12 year old making history in 1970 by being the youngest ever youth to sign S.F.A.
 Alaa Gatea (Arabic: علاء كاطع‎) (born 3 May 1987 in Iraq) is an Iraqi football (soccer) Goalkeeper playing for the Al-Zawra'a SC football club in Iraq.
 Víctor Unamuno Ibarzabal (born May 25 1909 date of death unknown) was a Spanish footballer who played for Real Betis. In the 1930s Unamuno played for both Athletic Bilbao and Real Betis. He is noted for being the top goalscorer for Real Betis in their one and only championship winning season with 13 goals in the 1934-1935 season. In the 1939/1940 Primera Division season he earned the honor of top goalscorer winning the Pichichi Trophy. He retired as a footballer in 1942.
 Byron Keith Darby (born June 4 1960 in Los Angeles California) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the fifth round of the 1983 NFL Draft. He played college football at USC.Darby also played for the Indianapolis Colts and Detroit Lions.
 Zhang Chunzhen (born 1970) is a retired female pole vaulter from PR China who was one of the leading athletes in her discipline in the early 1990s. She set her personal best (4.05 metres) in the women's pole vault event on 10 August 1991 in Guangzhou China.
 Ramiz Mamedov (Azerbaijani: Ramiz Məmmədov; Russian: Рамиз Мамедов) (born 21 August 1972 in Moscow) is a retired Soviet and Russian football player with Azerbaijaniani roots best known as a defender for Spartak Moscow in the 1990s.
 Marika Dawainavesi Vunibaka (born 3 November 1974) is a Fijian rugby union footballer. He has represented the national team on numerous occasions including at the 1999 Rugby World Cup in Wales and the 2003 Rugby World Cup in Australia.He represented Fiji at rugby sevens level from 1997–2008 and is one of the few sevens players to play in 3 Rugby World Cup Sevens 1997 2001 and 2005.
 Rick Wohlhuter (born December 23 1948 St. Charles Illinois) is an American athlete who competed mainly in the 800 meters.Wohlhuter won the national championship for the 600 yard race for indoor track in 1970. He graduated from the University of Notre Dame in 1971. Soon after he qualified for the 1972 Summer Olympics held in Munich Germany. In 1976 he qualified for the 800 and 1500 meter events in the 1976 Summer Olympics held in Montreal Canada. He finished 6th in the 1500 meters.
 Konstadina Efedaki (Greek: Κωνσταντίνα Εφεντάκη; born October 1 1978 in Athens) is a Greek middle distance runner. She is a two-time national champion (2003–2004) for the 1500 metres.Efedaki represented the host nation Greece at the 2004 Summer Olympics coincidentally in her home city where she placed twelfth in the semi-final rounds of the women's 1500 metres with a time of 4:09.37.At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Efedaki competed for the second time in the 1500 metres.
 William Challen (born 21 March 1786 in Pulborough Sussex; died ?) was an English first-class cricketer associated with Sussex who was active in the 1810s. He is recorded in one match in 1814 totalling 3 runs with a highest score of 2.
 Yonas Andebrhan Kifle (born 5 November 1977) is an Eritrean runner who specializes in the 10000 metres the road running and cross-country running. He has represented Eritrea at the Olympics on three occasions; in 2000 2004 and 2008. He has also competed at World Championship-level in cross country road running and on the track indoors and outdoors.He was the bronze medallist in the half marathon at the 2007 All-Africa Games and the 2005 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships.
 Samuel Moran (1870–1897) was a professional baseball player. He was a pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates of the National League in August and September 1895.
 Luka Gračnar (born October 31 1993) is a Slovenian professional ice hockey goaltender. He is currently playing for EC Red Bull Salzburg of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).Gračnar played as a member of Team Slovenia at the 2013 IIHF World Championship.
 Leo Amberg (Ballwil March 23 1912 – Oberriet 18 September 1999) was a Swiss professional road bicycle racer. He is most known for his bronze medal in the 1938 Road World Championships.
 Louis Pfenninger (born 1 November 1944) is a Swiss racing cyclist. He won the Tour de Suisse in 1968 and 1972.
 James Lee Geddes (born March 23 1949 in Columbus Ohio) is former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Chicago White Sox in 1972 and 1973.
 Étienne Lalonde Turbide (sometimes Lalonde-Turbide) is a Canadian fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil but was defeated in the second round.
 Ádám Holczer (born 28 March 1988 in Ajka) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Pécsi Mecsek FC.
 Daniel Matsau (born 18 January 1977) is a South African association football player who last played as striker for Mpumalanga Black Aces in the National First Division and has previously represented South Africa.
 Warwick Saupold (born 16 January 1990) is an Australian right-handed pitcher. After playing for two seasons with the Perth Heat of the Australian Baseball League (ABL) Saupold signed with the Detroit Tigers organization in Major League Baseball.In the 2011–12 Australian Baseball League season Saupold led the ABL in innings pitched (70) and posted a 1.41 earned run average setting an ABL record. Saupold also struck out 53 batters allowing 43 hits 22 base on balls and two home runs.
 Branko Ilić (born 6 February 1983) is a Slovenian professional footballer who plays for Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C. in Israel. Usually a right back he can also operate as a central defender.
 Walter Bellamy (born November 27 1881) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played with the Montreal Shamrocks of the National Hockey Association.
 Marco Pecorari (born 21 September 1977 in Palmanova Province of Udine) is an Italian football (soccer) defender. He currently plays for Arezzo.
 Leung Chii Lin (born February 11 1991) is a Malaysian swimmer who specialized in sprint freestyle events. She is also a three-time medalist for the individual and relay freestyle at the Southeast Asian Games.Leung qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing after smashing a national record time of 26.18 seconds at the Malaysian Open Championships in Bukit Jalil.
 Jade Topia (born 26 December 1986) is a New Zealand netball player. Topia played in the National Bank Cup for the Southern Sting (2005) and Canterbury Flames (2006–07). With the start of the ANZ Championship in 2008 Topia signed with the Auckland-based Northern Mystics. After the 2009 season she transferred to the Southern Steel. Topia was also a member of Silver Ferns' extended squad.
 William Michael Purves (1870 – after 1900) was an Irish professional footballer who played as a right back. He made 41 appearances in the Football League playing for Small Heath in the 1890s. He played three times for the Irish Football League representative side.Purves was born in Belfast and played for Glentoran before coming to England to join Small Heath newly crowned champions of the inaugural season of the Football League Second Division.
 Santiago Fernández Fernández (born 7 March 1985 in Mexico City Mexico) is an ex football striker who last played for Puebla F.C. in the Mexican First Division. Once hailed as one of Club América's (and Mexico's) top footballing prospects Fernández disappeared from the sport after a brief spell in FC Barcelona's youth squad only to resurface a couple of years later for América.
 For the New Zealand Lawyer see: Pat DowneyPat Downey (born June 21 1974 in Salem Massachusetts) is a former American football center in the National Football League for the San Diego Chargers the New England Patriots and the Washington Redskins. Downey was also with the Atlanta Falcons in 2002 as a member of their Practice Squad. He played in the NFL Europe League in 2002 for the Frankfurt Galaxy where he started at both Center and Guard.
 Carlos Andrés Ramírez (born May 1 1988 in Pereira Risaralda) is a Colombian football defender. He currently plays for Deportivo Pereira.
 Victoria Anatoliïvna Tereshchuk (Терещук Вікторія Анатоліївна; born 18 February 1982) is a female modern pentathlete from Ukraine. A competitor since 1999 she won a bronze medal in the women's modern pentathlon event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and was crowned World Champion in the individual and mixed relay events in 2011. For her World Championship victories she was named Ukrainian Sportswoman of the Year and received the Order of Princess Olga in the Second Class.
 Ariel Miguel Santiago Ibagaza (born 27 October 1976) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Olympiacos F.C. in Greece. Nicknamed El Caño his usual position is attacking midfielder and he is well known for his technique and vision. He spent the vast majority of his professional career in Spain – where he represented mainly Mallorca – and amassing La Liga totals of 343 games and 33 goals over the course of 12 seasons.
 Chris Swanepoel (born 22 November 1984) is a South African professional golfer.Swanepoel has played on the Sunshine Tour since 2004. He has won three times on tour with his latest win being the Golden Pilsener Zimbabwe Open in April 2012.
 Sir Michael Francis Bonallack OBE (born 31 December 1934) is an English amateur golfer who was one of the leading administrators in world golf in the late 20th century.Bonallack was born in Chigwell Essex. He won the British Boys Championship in 1952.
 Rafael Soriano (born December 19 1979) is a Dominican professional baseball player for the Washington Nationals of Major League Baseball (MLB). The relief pitcher has played in MLB for the Seattle Mariners Atlanta Braves Tampa Bay Rays and New York Yankees. Soriano bats and throws right-handed.Soriano was an All-Star in 2010.
 Nathaniel Arthur Ranji Wilson (18 May 1886 – 11 August 1953) was an early All Black rugby football player for New Zealand.
 Mitch Meeuwsen (born April 20 1982 in Hillsboro Oregon) is a Graduate Assistant Football Coach at Oregon State University.
 Jānis Timma (born 2 July 1992) is a Latvian professional basketball player who currently plays for the BK Ventspils of the Latvian Basketball League.He has previously played for BK Ventspils and BK Liepājas Lauvas. Timma won a bronze medal at the U18 European Championship 2010. In 2013 Timma declared for the 2013 NBA Draft. He was selected with the last pick (60th overall) by the Memphis Grizzlies.
 Nikolai Bushuev (born March 14 1985) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
 Brian P. Toal (born March 8 1985) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Las Vegas Locomotives in the UFL Premiere Season Draft in 2009. He played college football at Boston College.He has also been a member of the New York Jets.
 Ørjan Håskjold Nyland (born 10 September 1990) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Molde. He has previously played for Hødd and was the man of the match in the 2012 Norwegian Football Cup Final.Nyland made his debut for Norway in 2013 and has previously represented Norway at youth level. He was the first-choice goalkeeper at the under-21 team in the 2013 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship.
 Forbes Carlile MBE (born 3 June 1921) was Australia's first post-World War II Olympics swimming coach and later Australia's first competitor in the modern pentathlon at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki. He remains the only person to have coached and later competed at the Olympic Games.Born in Armadale Victoria Carlile is best known as a pioneer in swimming coaching.
 Eddy Riva (born 17 April 1973 in Thionville Moselle) is a French race walker.
 Paola Vukojicic (Serbian: Paola Vukojičić Паола Вукојчић; born August 28 1974) is a field hockey goalkeeper from Argentina who won the silver medal with the national women's hockey team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. She started playing the sport at San Isidro Club and made her debut for Argentina in the 1998 World Hockey Cup in Utrecht.
 John Edward Ted Evans (April 1868 – 1942) also known as Jammer was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Bury Burslem Port Vale and Stoke.
 Kirill Valeryevich Churayev (Russian: Кирилл Валерьевич Чураев; born June 2 1987) is a Russian football defender who last played for FC Metallurg Vyksa.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Metallurg Vyksa on July 16 2012 in a game against FC Avangard Kursk.
 Kenneth Trones (born 19 April 1969) is a Norwegian football defender.He played for FK Fauske/Sprint then for FK Bodø-Glimt then for Fauske/Sprint again from 1991. From 1992 he played for IL Hødd. He participated in their promotion to the highest level after the 1994 season. In 1996 he went to SFK Lyn. He only got three games for the club. He later played for Bærum SK and Lørenskog IF before moving back to Fauske.
 Jack Seale Heidemann (born July 11 1949 in Brenham Texas) is a former right-handed Major League Baseball shortstop who played from 1969 to 1977 with the Cleveland Indians St. Louis Cardinals New York Mets and Milwaukee Brewers. He attended Brenham High School. He is also the uncle of Brett Bordes a former minor league pitcher in the Baltimore Orioles organization.
 Forbes Ernest Phillipson-Masters (born 14 November 1955) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as a central defender for Southampton Exeter City Bournemouth Luton Town Plymouth Argyle and Bristol City.Phillipson-Masters was born in Bournemouth. He originally signed with Southampton as an apprentice goalkeeper in August 1972 but was given a free transfer two years later by Lawrie McMenemy.
 Neil Anthony Cutler (born 3 September 1976 in Perton) is an English Goalkeeper Coach and former football goalkeeper who retired in September 2007. He re-registered as a player in November 2010 for Bury. He last played for Rotherham United whom he joined just a couple of days before the 2005–06 season got under way. He is a former England Youth International and a graduated member of the Lilleshall National School of Excellence.
 Ivan Tahirovič is a retired Slovenian football player.
 Jasmin Trtovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Jacмин Tpтoвaц; born 27 December 1986 in Novi Pazar) is a Serbian footballer playing for Gaz Metan Mediaş in the Romanian First League.He had previously played for Novi Pazar and Gloria Bistriţa.
 Zia-ul-Haq (Urdu: ضیاء الحق‎; born 11 December 1994) is a young fast bowler. He is a Left Arm Fast Medium bowler who could bowl with significant pace. Recently he has been selected for Pakistan Under-19 cricket team.
 Anthony Lovrich (born 5 December 1961 in Perth Western Australia) is an Australian rower.
 Sir Henry David Hardington Bartlett 3rd Baronet (18 March 1912 – 13 September 1989) was a British fencer. He competed in the individual and team foil events at the 1936 Summer Olympics.He was educated at Stowe School. In 1939 he was commissioned in the Royal Artillery.
 Boris Dmitriyevich Kuznetsov (Russian: Борис Дмитриевич Кузнецов) (14 July 1928 – 3 December 1999) was a Russian and Soviet footballer.
 Jon Santacana Maiztegui (born 1 November 1980) is a Spanish B2 classified visually impaired para-alpine skier. His sighted ski guide is Miguel Galindo Garces. Santacana has competed at the IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships in the European Cup and the IPC Alpine Skiing World Cup and Spanish national competitions. He represented Spain at the 2002 Winter Paralympics 2006 Winter Paralympics and 2010 Winter Paralympics earning a gold medal and a pair of silver medals at the 2010 Games.
 Harald Ertl (31 August 1948 – 7 April 1982) was an Austrian racing driver and motorsport journalist.
 Daniela Löwenberg is a German football midfielder currently playing for BV Cloppenburg in the Bundesliga.She was a member of the German U-19 national team that won the 2006 and 2007 Under-19 European Championships. She left Potsdam in 2012.
 Jeron Alvin Uy Teng (born March 21 1994) is a collegiate basketball player from the Philippines. He is a small forward for the De La Salle Green Archers in the UAAP.Biography: He was born on March 21 1994 to Alvin and Susan Teng. Jeron is the youngest among four siblings. His father Alvin Teng is a former player in the Philippine Basketball Association who won multiple titles as a member of the San Miguel Beermen.
 Thiago Mendes Rocha commonly known as Guitta (born 11 June 1987) is a Brazilian futsal player who plays for Associação Desportiva Classista Intelli and the Brazilian national futsal team.
 George Edward Bellows Hill (April 24 1907 in Boston Massachusetts – May 7 1992 in Kentfield California) was an American figure skater who competed in single skating and pair skating. As a pair skater he was the 1933 1935 1936 and 1937 U.S. national champion with partner Maribel Vinson. As a single skater he was the 1930 1931 1934 and 1936 U.S. bronze medalist. He competed in singles at the 1931 World Figure Skating Championships where he placed 11th.
 Oleg Vladimirovich Gerasimenko (Russian: Олег Владимирович Герасименко; born May 5 1990) is a Russian professional football player. He plays for FC Lokomotiv Liski .
 Sota Okamura (born 4 February 1977) is a Japanese ski jumper.In the World Cup his highest place was number 19 from January 2001 in Sapporo.
 Eloi Meulenberg (22 September 1912 - 26 February 1989) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer. He is most known for his gold medal in the Elite race of the 1937 Road World Championships and his 9 stage wins in the Tour de France.
 Ross Gray (born 21 September 1992) is a Scottish footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Berwick Rangers in Scottish League Two.
 Jackson Anderson (born October 5 1989) is an American football long snapper who is currently a free agent. He played college football at Duke.
 Alex M. Davidson is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
 Sergio Iesi (born 8 April 1912) was a Uruguayan fencer. He competed at the 1948 and 1952 Summer Olympics.
 Graham Jones is a Welsh professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s playing at representative level for Wales and at club level for Salford as a Stand-off/Five-eighth i.e. number 6.
 Derwin L.
 Yevgeny Vladimirovich Onopriyenko (Russian: Евгений Владимирович Оноприенко; born March 14 1978) is a professional association football player from Russia currently playing for FC KUZBASS Kemerovo in the Russian Second Division.
 Lewis Cook is a former award winning defensive back in the Canadian Football League.A graduate of University of Idaho Cook came to Canada to play professional football having a well traveled career. He began with the Montreal Alouettes playing 3 games in 1970 (and 21 total regular season games for the Larks) He then moved to the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1972 for 2 seasons his best being his first when he intercepted 6 passes and returned one for a touchdown.
 Suzanne Brigit Sue Bird (born October 16 1980) is an American-Israeli professional women's basketball player for the Seattle Storm and UMMC Ekaterinburg.In high school she was the New York State Player of the Year the New York Daily News Player of the Year and a WBCA All-American. In her senior year at undefeated UConn in 2002 she won the Wade Trophy and the Naismith Award as College Player of the Year.
 David Emmer Lee (born March 12 1973 in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania) is an American former Major League Baseball player. A pitcher Lee played for the Colorado Rockies (1999-2000) San Diego Padres (2001) and Cleveland Indians (2003-2004). Lee currently lives in a boro of Pittsburgh called Pleasant Hills coaching 6-7-8 year old baseball.[citation needed]
 Kevin Martin (born July 31 1966) nicknamed The Old Bear and K-Mart is a retired Canadian curler from Edmonton. He is considered by many commentators and former and current curlers to be the greatest curler of all time.Over his 30 year career he has won four Briers a gold medal at the 2010 Winter Olympics and one world championship. He has been to a total of three Winter Olympics four World Championships and has won a total of two Olympic medals and three World Championship medals.
 Mahir Sağlık (born 18 January 1983) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a striker for SC Paderborn 07.
 Fred Belcher (1887 Chicopee Massachusetts – 14 January 1957 Springfield Massachusetts) was an American racecar driver who competed in the Indianapolis 500.
 Jan-Axel Alavaara (born 14 March 1975 in Kiruna) is a retired professional Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman. After the 2011/2012 season Alavaara retired and became junior coach at MoDo Hockey Club.
 Armando Enrique Polo (born 2 April 1990 in Panama City) is a Panamanian football striker who currently plays in Panama for Chepo F.C.
 Marc Spindler (born November 28 1969) is a former American football player who was a defensive tackle and defensive end who played nine seasons in the National Football League. Since retiring from football Spindler has worked for both WDFN and WXYT two Detroit area sports talk radio stations.In 1986 Spindler was named USA Today High School Defensive Player of the Year.
 Jonas Junland (born November 15 1987) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman currently with Lahti Pelicans of the Liiga.
 Ekaterina Aleksandrovna Vasilieva (Russian: Екатерина Александровна Васильева born May 30 1976 in Moscow) is a Russian water polo player who won the bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics.Now she plays in Rari Nantes Bologna.
 Carl William Preston (born 1991) is an English football player. He started his career with AFC Bournemouth.Preston made four first team appearances for AFC Bournemouth. His league debut came against Bury at Dean Court on 20 December 2008. In July 2009 Preston joined Conference South side Weymouth on a one-year contract. He left in August 2009 and signed for then Wessex League side Poole Town. He went on trial at Reading from 03 - 6 May 2011.
 Simon Andrews (born 14 August 1984) is a motorcycle racer from Worcester England. He currently competes in the British Superbike Championship for RAF Reserves aboard a Honda CBR1000RR.
 Milton Aguilar is a goalkeeper for Alacranes de Durango. He formerly was the third goalkeeper at Club América after Guillermo Ochoa and Armando Navarrete. Milton used to play for the Primera A (2nd Division) team of Club América Socio Aguila
 Daryle Ray Smith (January 18 1964 – February 11 2010) was an American football offensive tackle in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys in 1987 and 1988 the Cleveland Browns in 1989 and the Philadelphia Eagles from 1990 through 1992. He was born and raised in Knoxville Tennessee and played college football at the University of Tennessee.
 Svetlana Kuzmina (Russian: Светлана Кузьмина; born 18 June 1969) is a retired Russian breaststroke swimmer who won two medals in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1985 and 1987 European Aquatics Championships. She also competed in the 100 m and 200 m breaststroke at the 1988 Summer Olympics but did not reach the finals. She won a gold medal in the 200 m breaststroke at the 1991 Summer Universiade.After retirement she competed for Lada Tolyatti in the masters category in the 2000s.
 Ahmad Mnajed Abbas (Arabic: أحمد مناجد‎) (born December 13 1981 in Iraq) is an Iraqi footballer. He currently plays for Sulaymaniya FC in Iraq and the Iraq national football team. He usually plays the Second striker position.
 Sandro Donati (Monte Porzio Catone June 14 1947) is a former Italian athletics coach currently a consultant for World Anti-Doping Agency.
 Isaac Ike Bird (14 August 1895 – 22 June 1984) was an English footballer who made eight appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City as an inside left. He also played for Lincoln in the Midland League and for Ilkeston United in the Central Alliance.
 Abdelhakim Omrani (born 18 February 1991) is an Algerian footballer. He currently plays for Nîmes Olympique as an offensive midfielder.
 Steven John Koops (born 24 July 1978) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Fremantle Football Club and Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League (AFL).
 Alyaksandr Bychanok (Belarusian: Аляксандр Бычанок; Russian: Александр Быченок; born 30 May 1985) is a Belarusian footballer. He currently plays as a central defender for Gomel. He has been capped for the Belarus national football team in 2011.
 David Boyd was a rugby league footballer of the '80s and '90s. He played for the Canterbury Bulldogs from 1986–87 he was part of the inaugural Newcastle Knights squad from 1988–93 and then finished his career at the Western Reds from 1995-96.
 Llew Ashcroft (born 10 July 1921) is a footballer who played as an outside right for Flint Town and Tranmere Rovers.
 Kris Pavone (born April 29 1980) is an American elementary school teacher and retired professional wrestler. He is best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) where he wrestled under the ring name Caylen Croft. He was one half of the Dude Busters tag team with Trent Barreta.Pavone debuted in 2001 using the name Chris Cage.
 Dingko Singh (born January 1 1979) is an Indian boxer who won the gold medal at 1998 Asian Games. He hails from Manipur. He was awarded the Padma Shri by Government of India in 2013.
 John Nasigba Jumbo (born on 13 December 1988 in Port Harcourt) is a Nigerian footballer who currently plays with Bahraini Premier League side Al Hala SC.
 Mark Blundell (born 8 April 1966) is a Formula One sports car and CART racing driver. He was a Formula One presenter for the British broadcaster ITV until the end of the 2008 season when the TV broadcasting rights switched to the BBC.
 Hermann Lomba (born October 11 1960 in Pointe-a-Pitre Guadeloupe) is a French athlete who specialises in the 200 meters.Lomba competed at the 1991 World Championships in Athletics.
 Nancy Swider-Peltz Jr. (born January 10 1987) is an American speed skater who competed at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
 Charles Diers (born 6 June 1981 in Cambrai) is a French professional football player. Currently he plays in the Ligue 2 for Angers SCO.
 Luis Carlos Martín Asensio (born 16 December 1990) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Murcia Imperial as a Left winger.
 Walter Roy Smith (born May 18 1976 in St. Petersburg Florida) is an American former Major League Baseball player. A pitcher Smith played for the Cleveland Indians in 2001 and 2002.
 Vladimir Matijašević (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Матијашевић ; born 10 May 1978 in Čačak) is a Serbian professional football player.During his career he played for Serbian clubs Mladost Lučani FK Vojvodina Red Star Belgrade and FK Železnik Greek AEK Athens and Apollon Kalamarias F.C. and Chinese Shandong Luneng.
 Arthur Emlyn Thomas (7 May 1895 - 11 February 1953) was a Welsh cricketer. Thomas was a right-handed batsman. He was born at Briton Ferry Glamorgan. Thomas made his debut for Glamorgan in the 1913 Minor Counties Championship against the Surrey Second XI in what was his only Minor Counties appearance for the county. By 1925 Glamorgan were a first-class county. Thomas made his only first-class appearance for Glamorgan in the 1925 County Championship against Northamptonshire at St.
 Andrea Gentile (born 9 February 1980) is an Italian footballer who plays for Cuneo at Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
 Andreas Farny (born September 17 1992) is a German professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing for Augsburger Panther in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
 Kirk DeVere Corbin (born 12 March 1955 in Barbados) is an Barbadian former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a right back.
 Brian Scott Salonen (born July 29 1961 in Glasgow Montana) is a former American football tight end who played two seasons for the Dallas Cowboys in the National Football League.
 For the Australian television and radio presenter see Brian Naylor (broadcaster).John Brian Naylor (24 March 1923 – 8 August 1989) was a British racing driver from England. He was born in Salford and died in Marbella Spain. He participated in 7 Formula One World Championship Grands Prix debuting on 3 August 1958.
 John Linacre (born 13 December 1955 in Middlesbrough) is a retired English professional footballer who is best known for his time spent with Hartlepool United where he made over 200 league appearances in two spells with the club.
 Tomasz Nowak (born October 30 1985 in Kościan) is a Polish footballer who is currently playing for Bodganka Łęczna.
 Scott Lee Brunner (born March 24 1957) is a former professional American football quarterback in the National Football League who played for the New York Giants from 1980 to 1983 the Denver Broncos in 1984 and the St. Louis Cardinals in 1985.
 Reginald Regi Waldi Blinker (born 4 June 1969) is a retired Dutch footballer of Surinamese extraction who played as a left winger.During his career he was also known for his dread-locked hairstyle and played three years in Scotland with Celtic after notably representing Feyenoord.
 Mark Roberts (born 28 June 1965) played over 200 games of Australian rules football in the Australian Football League. Nicknamed the Fridge he played 18 games in 2 seasons with Sydney Swans 59 games in four seasons with Brisbane Bears and 125 with the North Melbourne Kangaroos.
 Niko Kukka (born 30 September 1987) is a Finnish professional football defender who currently plays for the Veikkausliiga side MYPA in Finland.Kukka started his footballing career at local HJK but never got past its reserves.
 Mohammad Mansouri (born September 23 1979) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Mes Sarcheshmeh in the Iran Pro League.
 Mamady Sidibé (born 18 December 1979) is a Malian footballer.Sidibé moved from his native Mali to France when he was two years old. After playing football for a number of lower French league sides he joined Swansea City in 2001. He spent a single season at the Welsh club before signing for Gillingham. After three and a half years in Kent Sidibé rejected an offer of a new contract and joined Stoke City in July 2005 on a free transfer.
 Amílcar Barbuy (born March 29 1893 in Rio das Pedras SP - died August 24 1965 in São Paulo SP) was an Italian Brazilian football player and manager. He was known for his commanding presence pinpoint tackling ability to read the game powerful kicks and great long passes and was one of the greatest players of Corinthians.
 Ondřej Vitásek (born September 4 1990) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman. He is currently playing with the HC Bílí Tygři Liberec of the Czech Extraliga.Vitásek made his Czech Extraliga debut playing with HC Vitkovice during the 2009–10 Czech Extraliga season.www.facebook.com/ondrejvitasek43
 Emil Martinov (Bulgarian: Емил Мартинов; born 18 March 1992) is a Bulgarian football defender who currently plays for FC Oborishte.
 Ivan Lisutin is a Russian professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg of the Kontinental Hockey League.
 Marvin Ellmann (born 21 September 1987) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for Wuppertaler SV.
 Bjørnar Johannessen (born 23 September 1977) is a Norwegian football midfielder who is a player-coach at Kråkerøy IL.He started his career in Vesterøy and went on to Lisleby Råde and Eik-Tønsberg. He then joined Fredrikstad FK and helped win promotion to the Norwegian Premier League. He got eighteen Premier League games in 2004 without scoring. Ahead of the 2005 season he joined Sparta Sarpsborg and ahead of the 2008 season he joined Moss FK.
 Emil Joseph Planeta (January 31 1909 – February 2 1963) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the New York Giants.
 Dario Cataldo (born 17 March 1985) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam Team Sky.
 Alexander Loginov (born 18 February 1987) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Amur Khabarovsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
 Tatiana Vladimirovna Andreeva later Sharkina (Russian: Татьяна Владимировна Андреева (Шаркина) born 13 June 1970) is a former competitive figure skater for the Soviet Union. She is the 1985 World Junior champion.
 Max George Carey (January 11 1890 – May 30 1976) was an American center fielder in Major League Baseball who starred for the Pittsburgh Pirates and was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1961. During his 20-year career he led the league in stolen bases ten times and finished with 738 swipes a National League record until 1974 and still the 9th-highest total in major league history.
 Angel Yusev (Bulgarian: Ангел Юсев; born 23 July 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Pirin Gotse Delchev.Yusev started the 2012–13 A PFG season as understudy to Abdi Abdikov. He made his A PFG debut on 2 March 2013 starting in goal in a 2–0 defeat to Minyor Pernik.
 Ken Newton (born 17 April 1924) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL). Newton was recruited locally to Essendon and played as a reserve in their 1947 Grand Final loss to Carlton. He kicked five goals in a game at Princes Park against the same opponents the following season. Newton often struggled to make the seniors in what was a strong Essendon side so during the 1950 season crossed to Hawthorn.
 Bruce Elliott Plummer (born September 1 1964 in Bogalusa Louisiana) is a former professional American football player who played defensive back in the National Football League. He played five seasons for the Denver Broncos (1987–1988 1990) the Miami Dolphins (1988) the Indianapolis Colts (1989) the San Francisco 49ers (1990) and the Philadelphia Eagles (1991).
 Shintaro Ejiri (江尻 慎太郎 Ejiri Shintaro born April 30 1977 in Sendai Miyagi Japan) is a professional Japanese baseball player. He plays pitcher for the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks.
 Arafat Sunny (born 29 September 1986) Bangladeshi first-class cricketer. A left-handed batsman and slow left arm orthodox bowler he made his debut for Dhaka Division in the 2001–02 season. He currently plays first-class cricket for Dhaka Metropolis and Twenty20 cricket for the Chittagong Kings.
 Dimitar Isakov (Bulgarian: Димитър Исаков) (born 25 June 1924 in Dupnitsa) is a retired Bulgarian football player. Isakov was a central forward.During his career he played for PFC Marek Dupnitsa and PFC Slavia Sofia. He was the Bulgarian League's top goalscorer during the 1951–52 season scoring 10 goals for Slavia. Isakov have 6 matches and 1 goal for Bulgaria national football team.
 Jarrod J. Skalde (born February 26 1971 in Niagara Falls Ontario) is a Canadian retired ice hockey centre who was the head coach of the Cincinnati Cyclones of the ECHL from the 2009-2010 season until the 2012-2013 season. Skalde was drafted 26th overall by New Jersey Devils in the 1989 NHL Entry Draft and started his National Hockey League career with the Devils in 1990.
 Zvonimir Popaj Deranja (born in Dubrovnik 22 September 1979) is a retired Croatian footballer who last played for RNK Split.
 Nicola Josimović (born 16 March 1986) is a Serbian futsal player who plays for Kolubara Lazarevac and the Serbia national futsal team.
 Ralph Valladares (July 31 1936 – November 13 1998) often known as Ralphie Valladares was a roller derby skater and coach.Born in Guatemala Valladares moved to Los Angeles with his family when he was twelve years old. He hoped to become a jockey but his weight reached 115 pounds (52 kg) and he turned his attention to roller skating. He joined the roller derby at the age of seventeen initially skating for the Los Angeles Braves.
 The Jezebel Eden Black (born 28 January 1981) is the ring name of a retired British professional wrestler who wrestled internationally on the independent circuit in promotions such as Real Quality Wrestling Shimmer Women Athletes and ChickFight among others. She was known for her wrestling attire choosing loose-fitting street clothes similar Homicide her strike-based style of fighting and her relationship with fellow wrestler JP Monroe.
 Andrei Gennadyevich Chvanov (Russian: Андрей Геннадьевич Чванов; born May 30 1986) is a Russian professional football player currently playing for FC Pskov-747 Pskov in the Russian Second Division.
 Viktor Melnyk (born 11 August 1980 in Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who is currently playing for Helios Kharkiv. He has previously played for Kryvbas Volyn Lutsk Metalist Obolon Kyiv Metalurh Zaporizhya and FC Chornomorets Odessa.
 Yevgeni Sergeyevich Odintsov (Russian: Евгений Серге́евич Одинцов; born July 19 1989) is a Russian professional footballer. In 2009 he played for FC Taganrog. He made his professional debut in the Russian Second Division in 2006 for FC Tekstilshchik Kamyshin.
 Yorvit Adolfo Torrealba ([ʝorˈβit toreˈalβa]; born July 19 1978) is a Venezuelan professional baseball catcher who is a free agent. He previously played for the San Francisco Giants Seattle Mariners Colorado Rockies San Diego Padres Texas Rangers Toronto Blue Jays Milwaukee Brewers and Colorado Rockies. He bats and throws right-handed.
 Thiago Camilo Palmieri (São Paulo September 20 of 1984) is a racing driver Brazil. Since 2003 he competes in the Stock Car Brasil touring car championship driving for Chevrolet. He was Runner-up in 2009 and 2013.
 Mario Pardo Villagómez (born February 14 1984) is a Mexican luchador best known under the ring name Oficial AK-47. As Oficial AK-47 he is part of a group called Los Oficiales that has worked for International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG) since 2007.
 Giovanni Speranza (born March 6 1982 in Giessen) is a German-Italian footballer currently plays for Vietnamese side KLB Kiên Giang FC.
 István Bank (born 14 April 1984 in Kaposvár) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Kaposvári Rákóczi FC.
 Andrea Ehrig-Mitscherlich (also known as Andrea Schöne born 1 December 1960) is a retired East German speed skater. She was one of the world's best long-distance skaters in the 1980s.Ehrig was born Andrea Mitcherlich in Dresden Saxony East Germany. At the 1976 Olympics in Innsbruck as a 15-year-old she won a silver medal in the 3000 m event just one one-hundredth of a second ahead of Lisbeth Korsmo who won bronze. At the 1980 Olympics in Lake Placid she came fourth in the 3000 metres.
 Daniel Jay Grimm (born February 7 1941 in Perry Iowa)He graduated from Roosevelt High School in Des Moines Iowa and is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers Atlanta Falcons Baltimore Colts and the Washington Redskins. He played college football at the University of Colorado and was drafted in the fifth round of the 1963 NFL Draft. Grimm was also selected in the 20th round of the 1963 AFL Draft by the Denver Broncos.
 Eddie Castro (born April 10 1985) is a Panamanian-born jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing.
 Yoshiya Takemura (竹村 栄哉 born 6 December 1973) is a Japanese football player. He plays for V-Varen Nagasaki.
 Maria Benedicta Chigbolu (born 27 July 1989) is an Italian sprinter born in Rome from Nigerian father.
 Dale Barnard Waters (May 27 1909 – December 19 2001) nicknamed Muddy Waters was an American college and professional football player who was an offensive and defensive lineman in the National Football League (NFL) for three seasons during the early 1930s. Waters played college football for the University of Florida and thereafter he played for three different NFL teams.
 Manuel Rodríguez Barrientos (born 17 August 1991) is a Spanish professional basketball player. He currently plays for Amics Castelló in the LEB Plata.
 Francis Carter Bancroft (May 9 1846 – March 30 1921) was an American manager in Major League Baseball for the Worcester Ruby Legs Detroit Wolverines Cleveland Blues Providence Grays Indianapolis Hoosiers and Cincinnati Reds of the National League as well as the Philadelphia Athletics of the American Association. His greatest success came with the Grays when he won the 1884 World Series with a record of 84–28 (.750 winning percentage).
 Suleiman Wanjau Bilali (born June 5 1978) is a Kenyan light flyweight boxer. He has represented Kenya numerous times at international competitions.Bilali fought at the 2000 Summer Olympics where he was edged out by Spain's eventual runner-up Rafael Lozano 10:11 in the quarterfinal.At the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester he lost by stoppage tio India's Ali Qamar.
 David Mejía Hernández (born December 7 1986 in Toluca) is a Mexican race walker. He set his personal best time of 1:22:36 by finishing third in the men's 20 km at the 2011 IAAF Race Walking Challenge in Chihuahua Mexico.Mejia represented Mexico at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing where he competed in the men's 20 km race walk along with his compatriot Eder Sánchez.
 Mike Wolfs (born 2 September 1970 in Port Credit Ontario) is a Canadian sailor. He won a silver medal with Ross MacDonald at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the men's Star event.
 James Edward Derrick Sealy (11 September 1912 Collymore Rock Barbados – 3 January 1982 Palo Seco Trinidad) was a West Indian cricketer who played in 11 Tests from 1930 to 1939.He made his Test debut at 17 years 122 days and remains the youngest West Indian Test player.He played for Barbados from 1928-29 to 1942-43 and for Trinidad from 1943-44 to 1948-49. In 1942 playing for Barbados against Trinidad he took 8 for 8 dismissing Trinidad for 16.
 Florence E. MacDonald (October 27 1909 – May 6 2008) was an American middle-distance runner. She competed at the 1928 Olympics in the 800 m event and finished in sixth place setting a new national record at 2:22.6.MacDonald was born to Angus R. and Mary (Currie) MacDonald and had two sisters Christina E. MacDonald and Margaret Janowicz. She married Peter Campbell and gave birth to a daughter June Marie Russo and a son John Scott Campbell.
 Michael Devine (born 19 March 1973 in Cobh) is a footballer.
 Bernard Francis Dunster (March 24 1921 – April 8 1995) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He was a member of the Ottawa RCAF Flyers who won the gold medal in ice hockey for Canada at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz. He died in 1995 at Ottawa.
 Chris Huffins (born 15 April 1970 in Brooklyn New York) is an athlete from the United States who competed in the field of Decathlon. He was the Director and Head Coach of the Men's and Women's Track and Field and Cross Country programs at the University of California from 2002 to 2007. He married Monique Parker in 1997. He earned a degree from the University of California in Political Economies of Industrial Societies in 2007. Huffins is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity.
 Ronnachai Sayomchai (Thai: รณชัย สยมชัย) is a retired Thai footballer. He is a former player of Thai Port F.C. and in 1998 he was the Thai League's top scorer with 23 goals for the season. This record for Thai league stands for 14 years until Teerasil Dangda broke it in 2012 with 25 goals. Ronnachai also played in Malaysia for Pahang FA.Ronnachai was an international player with Thailand.
 Xue Fei (Chinese: 薛飞; Pinyin: Xuē Fēi; born 8 August 1989 in Shandong) is a female Chinese long-distance runner who specializes in the 5000 metres.She won the 2006 World Junior Championships and the 2006 Asian Games. She also competed at the 2008 World Indoor Championships without reaching the final. She will represent her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
 Thomas Stehle (born 26 October 1980) is a German defender who currently is currently a free agent.
 Darryl Gutterson (born 8 May 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the VFL.Gutterson played just one game for Carlton in the 1971 season. It was against Fitzroy at Princes Park with Carlton winning by 15 points.
 William Billy Mould (6 October 1919 – 27 September 1999) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke City.
 Theódór Elmar Teddy Bjarnason (born 4 March 1987 in Reykjavík Iceland) is an Icelandic footballer who currently plays as a left midfielder for Danish club Randers FC.
 Milan Đurišić (born 11 April 1987 in Titograd SR Montenegro Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as a midfielder. He plays currently for FK Lovćen.
 Ricardo Auturo Carlos Powell (born August 29 1983) is an American basketball player for the Incheon Elephants of the Korean Basketball League. He is notable for receiving the NIT Most Valuable Player award in the NIT tournament. Other honors he has received include 2003-2004 All SEC 2004-2005 Preseason All SEC and 2005 Team outstanding rebounder. Throughout his four-year career he scored over 1500 points (1541) 600 rebounds (641) and 70 3-point field goals (71).
 Konstantin Aleksandrovich Kuznetsov (Russian: Константин Александрович Кузнецов; born November 29 1988) is a Russian professional football player. He last played in the Russian Second Division for FC Spartak Kostroma.
 Gregory Stephen Greg Smith OAM (born 19 August 1967) is an Australian Paralympic athlete and wheelchair rugby player who won three gold medals in athletics at the 2000 Summer Paralympics and a gold medal in wheelchair rugby at the 2012 Summer Paralympics where he was the flag bearer at the opening ceremony.
 Jonathan Cameron (born 1868) was a former Scottish footballer who played as a defender. Cameron played for Renton F.C. before he was transferred to Liverpool F.C. where he played four times for the club during the 1894–95 season.
 Javier Bellido Plaza (born 9 March 1966 in Bilbao Biscay) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender. He played in 353 games in Segunda División games over the course of 11 seasons (25 goals) in representation of four teams also appearing for Compostela in La Liga.
 Tony Woollett (20 September 1927 – 26 January 2004) was an English cricketer. He played for Kent between 1950 and 1954.
 Aleksa Šaponjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Алекса Шапоњић born June 4 1992 in Belgrade Serbia) is a Serbian water polo player and a member of the Serbia men's national water polo team. His first notable competition with his national team was the 2012 European Championship in Eindhoven the outcome was a win. He currently attends the University of California Berkeley and plays for the CA Golden Bears water polo team.
 Bafo Biyela (11 January 1981 – 17 September 2012) was a South African football (soccer) midfielder who last played for Thanda Royal Zulu.
 Toran James (Born March 8 1974) in Richmond Virginia is a former professional American football linebacker who has played for the San Diego Chargers Seattle Seahawks and the Las Vegas Outlaws of the defunct XFL. He grew up in Ahoskie North Carolina
 Derek Alexander Stirling (born 5 October 1961 Upper Hutt Wellington) is a former New Zealand cricketer who played in 6 Tests and 6 ODIs from 1984 to 1986.Derek Stirling played 2 seasons 1981 - 1982 in Scottish Club Cricket for Stenhousemuir CC. He was an able coach an excellent all rounder and a very pleasant person.
 Jade Etherington (born 9 March 1991) is a British alpine skier who with her sighted guide Caroline Powell won silver in the women's downhill skiing combined and slalom and bronze medals in the Super-G at the 2014 Winter Paralympic Games in Sochi. Their three silvers and a bronze at the Winter Paralympics made them the most successful female British Winter Paralympians of all time and the first Britons to win four medals at one Paralympics.
 Jordi van Gelderen (born 26 April 1990) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Finnish club JJK as a defender.
 Lucien Sergi (born September 20 1971) is a former professional footballer who played as a right-back.
 Nikolay Vladimirovich Lipatkin (Russian: Никола́й Влади́мирович Липа́ткин; born May 23 1986) is a Russian professional association football player who plays for FC Khimki.
 Sergei Valeryevich Shalin (Russian: Серге́й Валерьевич Шалин; born August 14 1990) is a Russian professional football player. Currently he plays for FC Torpedo Vladimir.
 Erik Severin (1879–1942) was a Swedish curler. He was born in Stockholm. He won a silver medal at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix.
 Yoo Byung-Soo (Korean: 유병수 born 26 March 1988) is a South Korean football Striker who currently plays for FC Rostov in the Russian Premier League. He is known as Ronaldo of Wolmido because of his spinless free-kick that resembles that of Cristiano Ronaldo's. (Wolmido is a small park in Incheon city where he started his professional career).
 Wallace Wally Clark (14 July 1896 – 20 December 1975) was an English professional footballer who played as an outside forward. He scored two goals in 80 appearances in the Football League playing for Middlesbrough Leeds United Birmingham Coventry City Barrow and Torquay United.Clark was born in Jarrow County Durham and began his football career with Durham City before joining Middlesbrough when the Football League resumed after the First World War.
 Dominique Chauvelot (born 12 June 1952) is a French former athlete who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
 Arthur John Syd Slater QPM (16 December 1914 - 8 March 1994) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).Slater came to the VFL from Gisborne in the Riddell District Football League. He started as a forward and kicked four goals on his Essendon debut in the opening round of the 1935 season against Melbourne at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
 Christoffer Nygaard (born 24 March 1986 in Gentofte Denmark) is a Danish auto racing driver who will compete in the 2014 FIA World Endurance Championship season.
 David Barlow (born 22 October 1983) is an Australian professional basketball player who last played for Stelmet Zielona Góra of the Polish League.
 Christopher Kelly (born November 11 1980) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL). Previously Kelly spent several seasons in the Ottawa Senators organization. He is an alternate captain for the Bruins during away games and was a member of Boston's 2011 Stanley Cup winning team.
 Aleksandr Vladimirovich Vetrov (Russian: Александр Владимирович Ветров; born December 1 1990) is a Russian football midfielder who last played for FC Rusichi Oryol.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Rusichi Oryol on May 8 2011 in a game against FC Lokomotiv Liski.
 Jonathan Uyloan (born November 26 1983) is a Filipino-American professional basketball player currently playing for Rain or Shine Elasto Painters in the Philippine Basketball Association. He was undrafted and signed by the Elasto Painters in 2009.
 Dieter Quester (b. May 30 1939 in Vienna) is an active touring car racing driver from Austria. Dieter has participated in 53 24-Hour Races. He competed in a single Formula One race in which he finished ninth.Starting with motorboats in the 1950s he became part of the Formula 2 team of BMW which intended to take part in the 1969 German Grand Prix. Teammate Gerhard Mitter was killed at the Nürburgring while practising with the BMW 269 though.
 Hugo Fraile Martínez (born 16 March 1987 in Madrid) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Sporting de Gijón as a forward.
 Emma Hagieva (born April 26 1989 in Kizlyar Republic of Dagestan Russia) is a Russian figure skater who competes internationally for Azerbaijan. She is the 2005 Azerbaijani national silver medalist. She lives and trains in Moscow.
 Givi Kartozia (Georgian: გივი კარტოზია ; March 29 1929 Batumi – April 3 1998 Tbilisi) was a wrestler from Adjara Georgia. He won an Olympic gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling in 1956 and a bronze medal in 1960 competing for the Soviet Union. He won gold medals at the 1953 1955 and 1958 World Wrestling Championships.
 István Pásztor (born 5 June 1971 in Cegléd) is a Hungarian handball player who plays for Nemzeti Bajnokság I team Balatonfüredi KSE.
 Patrik Alexander Sundström (born March 14 1987 in Vancouver British Columbia) is a Swedish-Canadian hockey player. He has played for IF Björklöven and Brynäs IF and currently plays for Mora IK in the Swedish Allsvenskan. Sundström was drafted by the New Jersey Devils in the 7th round 218th overall in the 2005 draft from IF Björklöven. His father is former NHLer Patrik Sundström who played for the Vancouver Canucks and New Jersey Devils.
 Yuri Sapega (Belarusian: Юрый Мікалаевіч Сапега; Russian: Юрий Николаевич Сапега; 1 January 1965 in Grodno – 29 September 2005 in Moscow) was a Belarusian professional volleyball player and coach. He was a member of the USSR National Team since 1986 and won a silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics competing for the USSR. He was 194 cm tall and played both as passer-hitter and middle hitter.He was nicknamed the poet for his elegant style. He played in Italy for Padova in the 1990s.
 Marin Leovac (born 7 August 1988) is a Bosnian footballer who plays for HNK Rijeka.
 Sergio Gutiérrez Ferrol (b. Alicante March 5 1989) is a tennis player from Spain. He was Spanish junior champion in 2007 and played in an ATP 250 event in 2011.
 Billy Forbes (born 13 December 1990) is a Turks and Caicos Islands international footballer who plays college soccer for Western Texas College and club football for the Mississippi Brilla as a striker.
 Serhiy Mykolayovych Snytko (born 31 March 1975 Kerch Autonomous Republic of Crimea Ukrainian SSR Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Naftovyk in the Ukrainian Premier League. He also holds Russian citizenship.
 Michael Eskesen (born June 5 1986) is an ice hockey defenceman who played for Denmark at the 2011 IIHF World Championship.
 Roberts Bukarts (born June 27 1990) is a Latvian professional ice hockey forward currently playing for Dinamo Riga of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He was a first round selection in the 2009 KHL Junior Draft.
 Daniele Ficagna (born 21 February 1981 in Piombino Italy) is an Italian football defender who is currently at Virtus Lanciano.
 Dirk Ulaszewski (born March 18 1964 in Essen) is a West German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s. At the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul he was eliminated in the semifinals of the K-1 1000 m event.
 Federico Israel Jr. (born September 2 1956) better known as Padim Israel is a former Filipino basketball player. He played college ball for the Ateneo de Manila University before eventually going on to play professional basketball in the Philippine Basketball Association. Israel played for Crispa Tanduay Purefoods Presto and Pepsi.
 Jack Toohey (born 4 April 1925) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).A half back flanker Toohey is the son of 1913 Fitzroy premiership player Jim Toohey senior.
 Danny Orr (born 17 May 1978 in Castleford West Yorkshire) is an English former rugby league footballer for Castleford in the European Super League. A Great Britain international representative stand-off or scrum half Orr previously played for Harlequins RL and Wigan. Orr is the current interim Castleford Tigers head coach.Danny Orr played much of his rugby career for Castleford Tigers making it into the 2002 Super League Dream Team before leaving in 2003 to join Wigan Warriors.
 James Arthur Jimmy Hutchinson (28 December 1915 – 1997) was an English footballer who spent the 1940s with Sheffield United Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic Lincoln City and Oldham Athletic. He was the father of Barry Hutchinson who was a footballer in the 1950s and '60s. Both father and son finished a season as Lincoln City's top-scorer.
 Hiroki Fujiharu (藤春 廣輝 born November 28 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays as a left full-back for Gamba Osaka in J. League Division 1.
 Barry Scott Quinn (born 9 May 1979 in Dublin Ireland) is an Irish footballer currently playing for Brackley Town. His position is defender.Quinn was signed up by Coventry City in August 1996 as a trainee from Manortown United. He went on to appear seventy-four times for the club. In the 2004 January transfer window he was loaned out to Rushden & Diamonds who at the time were playing in League One. After appearing four times for Rushden Quinn returned to Coventry where he was released.
 Vlado Papić (born 21 September 1968) is a retired Croatian football player.
 David John Brightwell (born 7 January 1971) is an English former professional footballer who played as defender from 1988 to 2002.He notably played Premier League football for Manchester City and went on to play in the Football League for Chester City Lincoln City Stoke City Bradford City Blackpool Northampton Town Carlisle United Hull City and Darlington.
 Ger O'Meara is an inter-county hurler and Gaelic footballer for Dublin born in 1985. He plays his club hurling for O'Tooles and plays at corner back. He received a Dublin Hurling Blue Star award for his performances for O'Tooles in 2004. O'Meara had previously opted out of the Dublin Senior Hurling squad due to a call up to Senior football panel by Paul Caffrey although he made his return to play for Dublins hurling team for the All-Ireland Group B clash against Offaly in 2006.
 Hiroshi Mihara (三原 弘嗣 Mihara Hiroshi born October 20 1983) is a Japanese professional wrestler better known by the ring name Hiroshi Yamato (大和　ヒロシ Yamato Hiroshi). Trained by the All Japan Pro Wrestling promotion he started his career in February 2007 working in Mexico for the International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG) promotion where he won the 2007 Rey del Ring tournament.
 Bryan Taylor (born 1968-1971) is an English cyclist specialising in road & track riding. He was the British National Stayers Champion for two consecutive years in 1991 and 1992 and the derny champs in 2003 2005 and 2006. He won the pursuit & the points race at the UCI World Masters Track Championships at Manshester in 2002 in the 30-34 age category.He also won bronze in the national criterium champs in 2003 in Wales
 Ronald Arana Céspedes (born January 18 1977 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra) is a Bolivian football defender currently playing for La Paz F.C..Arana began his professional career with Club Destroyers in 1996. The following year he transferred to Oriente Petrolero where he spent most of his career.
 Goules (first name and dates unknown) was an English first-class cricketer associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) who was active in the 1810s. He is recorded in one match in 1817 totalling 0 runs with a highest score of 0.
 Yang Noe-Seong (born 21 April 1973) is a South Korean fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics.
 John Paul Johnny Kovatch (June 6 1912 – October 11 2013) was a professional American football player who played six games as an end for the Cleveland Rams of the National Football League during their 1938 season. His tenure with the Rams ended in October 1938 when he fractured his backbone and was injured for the remainder of the season.Kovatch was born in South Bend Indiana and took up football at Central High School.
 Karlen Abramov (Armenian: Կառլեն Աբրամով born 9 May 1987 in Tashkent Uzbek SSR - 2008) was a Jewish-Armenian professional football striker. His first trainer was Viktor Chuchvarin and his father Vadim Abramov ex-coach of Uzbekistani Olympic Team the current manager of Uzbekistan national football teams. He died in a car accident in 2008.
 Vince Phason (born February 2 1953 in Denver Colorado) is a former defensive back who played from 1975-1985 in the Canadian Football League. He was a CFL All-Star in 1982. Phason was drafted by the NFL out of the University of Arizona and in 1974 he joined the San Diego Chargers. His football career eventually took him to Canada and the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the CFL then back to the NFL and the Green Bay Packers.
 Tahj Jakins (born November 11 1975 in Salt Lake City Utah) is a retired American soccer defender who played five seasons in Major League Soccer.
 Richard Dick Szymanski (born October 7 1932) was a center who played fourteen seasons with the Baltimore Colts in the National Football League. Szymanski attended the University of Notre Dame and Libbey High School.In a 13-year pro career all with Baltimore he was All-Pro three times and played on three championship teams ending his career in Super Bowl III in 1969. In 1962 he switched from linebacker to center and became known as “Johnny Unitas” center.
 Sean Patrick Cunningham (born January 24 1993) is an American soccer player who is a free agent after being released from Molde in July 2013.
 Scott Goodman (born 20 August 1973) is an Australian butterfly swimmer who competed at the Atlanta Olympics winning a bronze medal in the 200m butterfly. He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.Born and raised in Tasmania Goodman was selected for his debut at the 1991 Pan Pacific Championships but then missed selection for the Barcelona Olympics the following year.
 Edgar Eduardo Castillo Carrillo (born October 8 1986) is an American association football player. He signed with Club Tijuana prior to the 2012 season. Castillo is noted for having played for two national football teams first for Mexico (2007 to 2008) and then for the United States of which he debuted for on November 18 2009.
 Franck Leopold Essomba Tchoungui (born February 9 1987 in Douala) is a Cameroonian footballer who last plays for ES Beni-Khalled in the Tunisian Ligue 1.
 Percy Parratt (born 27 February 1887) was an Australian rules footballer. He played 195 games for Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League from 1909 to 1923 kicking 202 goals. He started out at Rose of Northcote.After leaving the club he became coach with Carlton Football Club whom he led in the 1924 season.
 Roman Aleksandrovich Ovsyankin (Russian: Роман Александрович Овсянкин; born August 17 1987) is a Russian professional football player. He last played for FC Dynamo Kostroma.
 Rasul Usmanovich Akhmedkhanov (Russian: Расул Усманович Ахмедханов; born August 28 1990) is a Russian football midfielder. He last played for FC Dagdizel Kaspiysk.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Dagdizel Kaspiysk on September 9 2012 in a game against FC Angusht Nazran.
 Terry Wayne Norris (born June 17 1967) is a retired American boxer and a three-time world champion in the light-middleweight (super-welterweight) division. Originally from Lubbock Texas he fought out of San Diego.
 Steven Lennon (born 20 January 1988 in Irvine North Ayrshire) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a forward in Norwegian Tippeligaen for Sandnes Ulf.He has previously played for Rangers Partick Thistle Lincoln City Dundalk and Newport County.
 Norman Craig Anderson (born July 1 1938) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals and the New York Mets.Anderson signed with the St. Louis Cardinals as an amateur free agent prior to the 1960 season. Anderson made his Major League debut on June 23 1961 as a member of the Cardinals. Anderson was selected by the New York Mets in the 1961 MLB Expansion Draft on October 10 1961. Anderson played 1962-1964 with the Mets.
 Aleksandr Ivanovich Dubovik (Russian: Александр Иванович Дубовик; born April 4 1983) is a Russian professional football player. In 2010 he played in the Russian Second Division for FC Metallurg-Oskol Stary Oskol.
 Yassin Ayoub (born 6 March 1994) is a Moroccan-Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for FC Utrecht in the Dutch Eredivisie.
 Alexander Alex Frank Nimo (born March 21 1990 in Monrovia) is a Liberian-born American soccer player.
 Edward Stewart Porky Oliver Jr. (September 6 1915 – September 21 1961) was a professional golfer from the United States. He played on what is now known as the PGA Tour in the 1940s and 1950s. Born in Wilmington Delaware Oliver started as a caddy at age 11 at Wilmington Country Club and turned pro at age 18. He earned his nickname because he stood 5 ft 9 in (1.75 m) but weighed 240 pounds (110 kg). He won eight times on the PGA Tour in the 1940s and 1950s.
 David Browning (born August 18 1956 in Spokane Washington) is a retired American football defensive end. He played in Super Bowl XV for the Oakland Raiders.
 Frank Naleway (July 5 1902 - January 28 1949) nicknamed Chick was a Major League Baseball player for the Chicago White Sox in 1924. He played in just one game for the White Sox at shortstop going 0-for-2 at the plate with one walk.
 Ross Gordon Samson (born 17 January 1988 in Edinburgh Scotland) is a Scottish rugby union player and a former player for Edinburgh Rugby& London Irish he currently plays for London Scottish .A former pupil of Stewart's Melville College he studied History at Newcastle University. He competed with Mike Blair for the number nine jersey whilst at Edinburgh Rugby.
 Francesco Panetta (born 10 January 1963 in Siderno) is a former Italian long-distance runner who won several medals at international championships in the 1980s.
 Graeme Crosby (born July 4 1955) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from New Zealand. Crosby has won the Daytona 200 the Imola 200 the Suzuka 8 Hours and the Isle of Man TT. Crosby began his racing career in 1974 in the New Zealand racing scene. In 1976 he raced in the Australian Superbike championship. He then left for Europe to compete in Britain where he won the 1980 Isle of Man Senior TT.
 Davit Janelidze (born 9 February 1973) is a retired Georgian professional football player.
 David Stach (born February 22 1992) is a Czech ice hockey player. His is currently playing with Lukko in the Finnish SM-liiga.Stach made his SM-liiga debut playing with Lukko during the 2011–12 SM-liiga season.
 Anne Marie Louise (Marieke) Wijsman (born 9 May 1975) is a former Dutch speed skater who represented her country at two Winter Olympics and who was the first female speed skater to compete internationally on clap skates.Wijsman born in Leusden became a member of a local speed skating club in Ankeveen during he 1988-89 season. Her first competitive races as a 13-year old were at the Jaap Edenbaan in Amsterdam where she fell on the 500 m due to the nerves she had.
 Walter Gates (1 June 1871 – 1939) was a South African fencer. He competed at the 1908 and 1912 Summer Olympics.
 Abdoul-Aziz Nikiema (born 12 June 1985 in Ouagadougou) is a Burkinabé football midfielder who last played for C.D. Trofense in the Liga de Honra.
 Jeffrey Leonard (born September 22 1955) is an American former left fielder in Major League Baseball with a 14-year career from 1977 to 1990. He played for the Los Angeles Dodgers Houston Astros and San Francisco Giants all of the National League and the Milwaukee Brewers and Seattle Mariners both of the American League.
 Zlatko Runje (born in Sinj 9 December 1979) is a Croatian goalkeeper who plays for NK Solin. He is the younger brother of Vedran Runje.
 James Hodges Atkins IV (born June 23 1978 in Brooklyn New York) is a former professional American football player who played defensive tackle for two seasons for the Tennessee Titans and the San Francisco 49ers.
 Park Kang-Jo (born 24 January 1980) is a former Japanese-born South Korean footballer He played as midfielder and spent 10 years of his professional career with Japanese J. League Division 1 club Vissel Kobe until retirement.On 28 May 2000 Park Kang-Jo made his A-Match debut in a friendly against FR Yugoslavia.
 Ebony Weidenbach (born 3 March 1991) is an Australian association footballer currently playing for Australian W-League team Adelaide United.
 Charlotte Dujardin OBE (born 13 July 1985) is an elite British dressage rider. Riding Valegro she won two gold medals (individual dressage and team dressage with Laura Bechtolsheimer and Carl Hester) at the 2012 Summer Olympics the first Olympic medals ever won in the discipline by a British rider.
 Peter James Bercich (born December 23 1971 in Joliet Illinois) is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League. He played college football for the University of Notre Dame. He played five seasons for the NFL's Minnesota Vikings (1995–2000). After his playing days were over he spent 5 years as the Vikings Interior Decorator. He has served as the color commentator on the Vikings Radio Network since 2007.
 Yoshimi Ozaki (Japanese: 尾崎　好美 ; born July 1 1981) is a Japanese long-distance runner who specializes in the marathon. She won the 2008 Tokyo Women's Marathon in a personal best time of 2:23:30 hours. A year later she took the silver medal in the event at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics.Ozaki has won international team medals with Japan at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships and the IAAF World Half Marathon Championships.
 Ádám Gergely Kovácsik (pronounced [ˈaːdaːm ˈkovaːt͡ʃik]; born 4 April 1991 in Budapest) is a Hungarian footballer who plays for Serie B side Carpi F.C. 1909 on loan from Reggina Calcio as a goalkeeper.
 Tommy McCue (born 23 September 1913 in Widnes — death unknown) was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s and '40s playing at representative level for Great Britain and England and at club level for Widnes as a Scrum-half/Halfback i.e. number 7.
 Sebastian Hähnge (born 11 March 1978 in Magdeburg) is a German footballer who plays as a forward for Viktoria Berlin.
 Kim Hyuk (born May 4 1985) is a South Korean football player who since 2008 has played for Incheon United.
 John Michael Hawthorn (10 April 1929 – 22 January 1959) was a British racing driver. Born in Mexborough West Riding of Yorkshire England and educated at Ardingly College West Sussex he made his racing debut in 1950. Hawthorn became the UK's first Formula One World Champion driver when he won the Formula One Championship in 1958 and immediately announced his retirement having been profoundly affected by the death of his team-mate and friend Peter Collins in the German Grand Prix.
 Michael James Husted (born June 16 1970 in El Paso Texas) is a former American football placekicker in the National Football League. He played nine seasons with four different teams jumping around the league after playing his first six years with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He also played for the Oakland Raiders the Washington Redskins and the Kansas City Chiefs. He retired after the 2002 season.Michael is a retired 9 year NFL Kicker.
 John Dittrich was a player in the National Football League and American Football League for the Chicago Cardinals Green Bay Packers Oakland Raiders and the Buffalo Bills as a guard. He played at the collegiate level at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
 Fanny Bobbie Rosenfeld (December 28 1904 — November 14 1969) was a Canadian athlete who won a gold medal for the 400 metre relay and a silver medal for the 100 metre at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam. She was called the best Canadian female athlete of the half-century and a star at basketball hockey softball and tennis. She was named Canada's Female Athlete of the First Half-Century (1900–1950). She also was called Bobbie for her bobbed haircut.
 Arnold Petrus Maria Vanderlyde (born January 24 1963) is a former Dutch boxer who participated in three Summer Olympics (1984 1988 and 1992) and won three bronze medals in the heavyweight division (– 91 kg). He started boxing at age fifteen. Although Vanderlyde was a three-time European champion and seven-time Dutch champion he never turned professional. After ending his boxing career in 1992 he entered the corporate world as a motivational speaker.
 Nobumasa Fukuda (福田永将 born July 23 1988 in Japan) is a Japanese professional baseball player for the Chunichi Dragons in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.
 Andrew Landenberger (born 1968) is an Australian competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the Tornado class at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta together with Mitch Booth.Andrew Landenberger started building sails in Australia under his own label in 1987.
 Charles Elmer Collett (born 1944) is a retired firefighter with the Kentfield Fire District and former professional American football player. He played eleven seasons in the National Football League for the San Francisco 49ers and the Baltimore Colts. Notably he is an actual gold mining ex-49er and owner of a gold mining claim in the Sierra foothills on the Middle Fork Yuba River. He now resides in Stinson Beach California. Elmer and former wife Lisa are parents of sons Ramsey and Casey.
 Joshua L. Bell (born November 13 1986) is an American professional baseball player who is with the LG Twins of the Korea Baseball Organization. A third baseman Bell has played in Major League Baseball for the Baltimore Orioles and Arizona Diamondbacks.
 Bill Symons (born June 14 1943 in Nucla Colorado) is a former professional Canadian football running back with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.
 Polona Reberšak (born 9 February 1987 in Celje) is a Slovenian tennis player.Reberšak has won one singles and nine doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career. On 10 July 2006 she reached her best singles ranking of world number 496. On 30 October 2006 she peaked at world number 506 in the doubles rankings.Reberšak made three appearances for the Slovenia Fed Cup team in April 2006.
 Jacek Kuranty (born February 6 1978 in Tarnobrzeg) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Siarka Tarnobrzeg He was a popular player in Poland .
 Edenílson Andrade dos Santos commonly known as Edenílson (born 18 December 1989 in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central midfielder and right back for Udinese.
 Lonzell Ramon Hill (born September 25 1965 in Stockton California) is a retired American football wide receiver who played four seasons in the NFL for the New Orleans Saints. His father J. D. Hill also played wide receiver in the NFL.
 Joel Reddy (born 8 October 1985 in Sydney New South Wales) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the South Sydney Rabbitohs.
 George Gabriel Masin (born March 31 1947) is an American Olympic epee fencer who attended New York University from 1964 to 1968.He began fencing in September 1964 as a walk-on on the NYU fencing team. In March 1967 he won the ECAC individual épée championship and later that month won the NCAA individual épée championship and helped NYU win the overall fencing team championship.
 Joseph Carmine Bonsignore (born July 14 1971) better known by his ring name Joey Styles is an American professional wrestling personality and is best known as the play-by-play commentator for ECW with his catchphrase Oh My God! and former professional in the field of advertising sales. He works for WWE as Vice President of Digital Media Content.
 Paul Martin Goodison MBE (born 29 November 1977 Brinsworth Rotherham South Yorkshire) is an English sailor. In March 2005 he was ranked 2nd in the world in the Laser behind Robert Scheidt of Brazil and ahead of Michael Blackburn of Australia and Mark Mendelblatt of the United States.He won the gold medal in the Men's Laser class at the 2008 Summer Olympics. In 2009 he won the Laser World Championships in Halifax Canada.He is an avid supporter of Sheffield United.
 Abdou Ouro-Akpo (born 5 June 1982) is a Togolese international footballer who plays for German club SV Schermbeck as a striker.
 Ville Lehtinen (born 17 December 1978 in Toijala) is a former Finnish footballer.As a junior Lehtinen played for Jyväskylän Jalkapalloklubi. He made his first-team debut in Finland's top division Veikkausliiga for Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi in 1997. He played only two games before moving to Sheffield United. He played only in youth and reserve team matches for Sheffield United .In December 1998 Lehtinen returned to Finland and practised with FC Inter Turku.
 Daniel 'Danny' Mellanby (born August 17 1979 in Bishop Auckland England) is a former English professional football striker who plays for Newton Aycliffe. He has previously played for Bishop Auckland and Darlington.He played 44 league games scoring nine times in three years for the Quakers between the years of 2001–2004 he also played for the Bishops for a year between the year of 2000–2001. He now has jobs doing plumbing and steelworks.
 Lasse Strand (born 3 April 1974) is a former Norwegian football (soccer) defender. He played mostly for lesser teams in Norway but also had a spell with Rosenborg BK from 1999 to 2001 and after that played for Bryne FK and Byåsen IL.
 Daryl Taylor (born 21 May 1966) is an Australian wheelchair basketball player. He was born in Adelaide South Australia. He was part of the silver medal winning Australia men's national wheelchair basketball team at the 2004 Summer Paralympics.
 Karl Adam Bud Anderson (born May 27 1956) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher. He was drafted by the Seattle Mariners in the third round of the 1977 amateur draft out of Rutgers University. Anderson signed on to play Minor League Baseball in the Seattle Mariners organization. He batted and threw right-handed during his baseball career.
 Zsolt Érsek (born 13 June 1966) is a Hungarian fencer. He won a bronze medal in the team foil event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
 Andrew Iceberg Thomson (born 7 April 1974) is a retired South African kickboxer.
 William Leonard Pierro (April 15 1926 – April 1 2006) nicknamed Wild Bill was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
 Anthony Joseph Tony Norman (born 24 February 1958 in Mancot Wales) is a former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Hull City Sunderland and Huddersfield Town. He is currently goalkeeping goach at Gateshead.He holds the record for consecutive appearances for Hull City playing 226 consecutive games between August 1983 and September 1988.
 Scott Colton (born May 6 1980) is an American professional wrestler better known by his ring name Colt Cabana during his time in Ring of Honor. Colton also wrestled as Scotty Goldman in World Wrestling Entertainment and as old school masked wrestler Matt Classic in MTV's Wrestling Society X.He began his professional wrestling career in the Midwest. He competed routinely in St. Paul Minn. for Steel Domain Wrestling in 2000 and 2001 often teaming or facing rival and friend CM Punk.
 Tolgahan Acar (born 4 June 1986 in Adana Turkey) is a Turkish professional footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for Adanaspor in the TFF First League. He has been capped at youth level for the U-18 U-19 and U-20 Turkey squads.
 Jordi Pablo Ripollés (born 1 January 1990 in Vinaròs Castellón) is a Spanish footballer who plays for La Roda CF as a right midfielder.
 Michael Coorey is an Australian-born rugby league player who represented Lebanon in the 2000 World Cup.
 Alexander L. Gustafsson (born 15 January 1987) is a Swedish mixed martial artist. He is currently signed with the UFC fighting in their light heavyweight division. As of January 17 2014 he is the #1 contender in official UFC light heavyweight rankings and ranked the #2 light heavyweight in the world by Sherdog and ESPN. As of March 10 he is ranked the #13 pound-for-pound fighter in the UFC.
 Derek Lamely (born July 12 1980) is an American professional golfer who has played on the PGA Tour and the Nationwide Tour.Lamely was born in Belleville Illinois. He was a member of the Texas State Championship team at Montgomery High School. He played college golf at McNeese State University before transferring to Florida Gulf Coast University. He turned professional in 2004.Lamely began his career on mini tours. He won the Iowa Open in 2004. He played on the Egolf Tarheel Tour in 2008.
 Nuno Felipe Carvalho Teixeira (born 9 January 1987 in Amarante) known as Carvalho is a Portuguese footballer who plays for UE Tàrrega in Spain as a forward.
 Yge Visser (born 29 July 1963 Sneek Netherlands) is a Dutch chess Grandmaster (2006).In 2004 he tied for 1st–4th with Yuriy Kuzubov Friso Nijboer and John van der Wiel in the Harmonie Invitational in Groningen.
 Ilie Tudor (born 11 July 1924) is a Romanian fencer. He competed in three events at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
 Alfred Herbert Wood (23 April 1866 – 19 April 1941) was an English cricketer.Wood made a single first-class appearance for Hampshire against Somerset in the 1901 County Championship.Wood died at Southsea Hampshire on 19 April 1941.Major Alfred Herbert Wood was Sir Arthur Conan Doyles secretary from the early 1900s until his retirement in 1930.
 Raiphi Vincent Gomez (born 16 October 1985) is an Indian first class cricketer who plays for the state of Kerala. He is a right-handed batsman and a right arm medium bowler. He was selected by Rajasthan Royals for the 2009 season of Indian Premier League. This made him the second Kerala Ranji player to be selected by an IPL franchise after Sreesanth who was selected by Kings XI Punjab in the 2008 season.Gomez represented Kochi Tuskers Kerala in IPL Season 4.
 Gligor Gligorov (born 5 March 1987) is a footballer from the Republic of Macedonia who currently plays for FK Bregalnica Stip.Gligorov made his debut for the Macedonian national team in a friendly game against Iran on 18 November 2009 in Tehran.
 Roger Mears (born March 24 1947 Wichita Kansas) is a former off-road driver who also drove in the USAC and CART Championship Car series. He raced in the 1978-1984 seasons with 31 combined career starts and started in the 1982 and 1983 Indianapolis 500. He finished in the top ten 17 times with his best finish in 4th position achieved 3 times.
 Carlos Pedroso (born 28 January 1967) is a Cuban fencer. He won a bronze medal in the team épée event at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
 Nobuyuki Oishi (born September 12 1939) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Japan national team.
 Kavell Conner (born February 23 1987) is an American football linebacker for the San Diego Chargers of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Indianapolis Colts in the seventh round of the 2010 NFL Draft. He played college football at Clemson.
 Emily Condon (born 1 September 1998) is an Australian football (soccer) player who currently plays for Adelaide United in the Australian W-League.
 Benito James Distefano (born January 23 1962 in Brooklyn New York) is a retired professional baseball player who played in the Major Leagues with the Pittsburgh Pirates and Houston Astros in the 1980s. He is currently a minor league coach in the New York Mets organization.
 Ernest Judson Wilson (February 28 1894 – June 24 1963) nicknamed Boojum was an American third baseman first baseman and manager in Negro league baseball. He played for the Baltimore Black Sox the Homestead Grays and the Philadelphia Stars between 1922 and 1945. Wilson was known a unique physique a quick temper and outstanding hitting skills. He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2006 one of 17 black Negro league or pre-Negro league players inducted that year.
 Arnold Briedis (born 20 August 1955) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the VFL during the 1970s. A centre half forward Briedis was a member of North Melbourne's inaugural premiership side in 1975 kicking 5 goals in the grand final. In the 1977 VFL Grand Final Briedis kicked seven points and his inaccuracy at goal nearly cost North Melbourne the premiership when they drew with Collingwood.
 William Craig Bradshaw (born August 14 1957 in Shreveport Louisiana) is a former professional American football quarterback in the National Football League.Bradshaw was drafted in the 7th round (182nd overall) of the 1980 NFL Draft by the Houston Oilers and he played a total of two games in the 1980 season.He is the brother of Pittsburgh Steeler Terry Bradshaw.
 Martín Adrián García Curbelo (born 26 March 1976) is a Uruguayan football forward. He played for Peñarol Villa Española and Bella Vista of Uruguay Club Almagro of Argentina Pumas UNAM of Mexico and the Paraguayan side Olimpia.García currently plays for Sportivo Luqueño of Paraguay.
 Mohamed Saeed al-Shehhi (Arabic: محمد سعيد راشد الشحي‎) (born March 28 1988) is a professional Emirati footballer. He is nicknamed The Ghost.
 Johnson John Moyer (born February 24 1975 in Chicago Illinois) is a former American football defensive lineman known mostly for his time with the Chicago Rush of the Arena Football League. He played college football at Eastern Illinois. As a member of the Rush Moyer was a four-time All-Arena selection from 2002 to 2005 while also twice earning All-Ironman Team honors and being name the Lineman of the Year in 2004.
 Luca Ippoliti (born 31 October 1979) is an Italian futsal player who plays for Lazio as an Ala.
 Aleksei Valeryevich Serebryakov (Russian: Алексей Валерьевич Серебряков; born July 10 1976) is a Russian professional football player. Currently he plays in the Russian Second Division for FC Sibiryak Bratsk.
 Alesh Sawant (born 27 November 1994) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Churchill Brothers S.C. in the I-League.
 Alexander Ferlazzo (3 April 1995) Born in Townsville is an Australian luger who has competed since 2012. He competed in the first ever Youth Olympics in Innsbruck Austria where he finished 19th out of 25th. Ferlazzo also competed for Australia at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi Russia. He finished 33rd in the men's single luge 6.518 seconds behind gold medal winner Felix Loch.
 Jani Tapani Virtanen (born 6 May 1988 Turku Finland) is a professional Finnish footballer he is currently playing for RoPS.
 Mongkol Tossakrai is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Army United in the Thai Premier League.He played for Krung Thai Bank F.C. in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.
 For the Missouri Governor see: Austin Augustus KingAustin Patrick King (born April 11 1981 in Cincinnati Ohio) is an American football center who is currently a free agent in the National Football League. He was most recently with the Seattle Seahawks.
 Daniel Edusei (born 2 September 1980 in Kumasi) is a Ghanaian International football defender who played for Ethnikos Achna in Cypriot First Division.
 Len 'Apples' Pye (21 February 1911 – unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy in the VFL during the 1930s. He also had a notable career in the TANFL with North Hobart which saw him named in Tasmania's official 'Team of the Century' on the interchange bench.Tasmanian Len Pye played his early football in the VFA with Northcote before starting his North Hobart career in 1929. Strong in the air Pye often played the role of an on baller.
 Alexander Graham Alex Rhodes (born 23 January 1982) is an English professional footballer who plays for Isthmian League Premier Division side Margate. He predominantly plays as a left winger but also as a striker.Rhodes started his career with Eastern Counties League Premier Division side Newmarket Town where he came to prominence after scoring hat-tricks in three successive games in 2003.
 Mark Haskins (born 17 April 1981 in Johannesburg Gauteng) is a South African football (soccer) player who plays as midfielder for SuperSport United F.C. on loan from Bidvest Wits in the Premier Soccer League.
 Carlos Antonio Aguiar Burgos or simply Carlos Aguiar (born December 19 1978 in Montevideo) is a Uruguyan footballer. He last played for C.D. Huachipato in Chile.
 Aleksey Vladimirovich Lovchev (Алексе́й Влади́мирович Ло́вчев; born 13 June 1989) is a Russian weightlifter. He competed at the 2013 World Championships in the Men's +105 kg winning the Bronze medal and the European Championships 2014 winning the Gold medal in the Snatch Clean and Jerk and total.
 John Dolan (born 8 January 1981) is a British professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Fife Flyers in the Elite Ice Hockey League.
 Joseph Hodkinson (1888 – 18 June 1954) was an English international footballer who played as an outside left.
 Timothy Daniel Herron (born February 6 1970) is an American professional golfer.
 John Moore (born 1 October 1966) is an English-born Hong Kong international footballer. A striker Moore has played professionally in England Wales the Netherlands and Hong Kong.
 He Hanbin (simplified Chinese: 何汉斌; traditional Chinese: 何漢斌; pinyin: Hé Hànbīn; born January 10 1986 in Nanchang Jiangxi) is a male badminton player from China.
 Findlay Weir (born 18 April 1889 in Glasgow–died 9 July 1918) was a professional footballer who played for clubs including Maryhill Sheffield Wednesday and Tottenham Hotspur.
 Mayes Watt McLain (April 16 1905 – March 6 1983) also known as Watt Mayes McLain was a Native American football player and professional wrestler. He played college football for the Haskell Institute from 1925 to 1926 and for the University of Iowa in 1928. In 1926 he set college football's single-season scoring record with 253 points on 38 touchdowns 19 extra point kicks and two field goals.
 Kevin Freiberger (born 16 November 1988) is a German football midfielder who plays for Sportfreunde Lotte.
 Frederick William Barrett (born January 26 1950 in Ottawa Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played 745 games in the National Hockey League. He played for the Minnesota North Stars and Los Angeles Kings. His brother John also played in the NHL.
 Not to be confused with another Danish gymnast Peder Larsen Pedersen the silver medalist at the 1912 Summer OlympicsPeter Dorf Pedersen (January 28 1897 – September 13 1967) was a Danish gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.He was part of the Danish team which was able to win the silver medal in the gymnastics men's team Swedish system event in 1920.
 Cornel Pelmuș (born 11 September 1933) is a Romanian fencer. He competed in the team sabre event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
 Telmo Teixeira-Rebelo (born February 18 1988) is a Portuguese-German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for 1. FC Magdeburg.
 John Pisani is a retired American soccer midfielder who professionally in the North American Soccer League.Pisani graduated from Christian Brothers College High School. Between 1963 and 1966 he scored 138 goals in 122 games. He then attended St. Louis University where he played on the men's soccer team from 1967 to 1969. He was a member of the 1967 and 1969 NCAA championship teams and is a member of the Billikens Soccer Hall of Fame. In 1999 he was inducted into the St.
 Haris Medunjanin (born 8 March 1985) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Gaziantepspor in Turkey mainly as a central midfielder.He has dual citizenship Bosnian and Dutch.
 Alan Jack Barton Wright (3 March 1905 – 29 July 1989) was an English cricketer. Wright was a right-handed batsman. He was born at Semilong Northamptonshire.Wright made two first-class appearances for Northamptonshire against Yorkshire in the 1922 County Championship and Nottinghamshire in the 1923 County Championship. In the match against Yorkshire at the County Ground Northampton Wright scored a single run Northamptonshire's first-innings before being dismissed by George Macaulay.
 Mario Gyr (born 2 May 1985) is a Swiss rower. He competed in the Men's lightweight coxless four event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
 Élisabeth d'Ayen Macready (October 27 1898 – December 7 1969) was a French tennis player who competed in the Olympic games in 1920. She won the bronze medal along with Suzanne Lenglen in the women's doubles competition in Antwerp.
 Khaldoun Ibrahim Mohammed Albu-Mohammed (Arabic: خلدون إبراهيم محمد البو محمد‎ born on June 16 1987 in Iraq) is an Iraqi footballer Defensive midfielder who is currently plays for Al-Talaba in Iraq Premier League and a member of the Iraq national football team. His older brother is Ous Ibrahim also a national player.
 Anthony Ronald Ron Yary (born July 16 1946) is a former professional American football offensive tackle playing primarily for the Minnesota Vikings and also for the Los Angeles Rams. He was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2001. Yary gave credit for his Hall of Fame induction to his former coaches John Ashton (high school) John McKay (college) and Bud Grant (professional). He also praised his position coaches Marv Goux Dave Levy John Michaels and Jerry Burns.
 Marlon Fernández (born 16 January 1986 in San Cristóbal) is a Venezuelan footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Deportes Antofagasta. In 2009 he was capped two times for the Venezuelan national team.
 Dario Božičić (Cyrillic: Дарио Божичић; born 30 August 1989) is a Serbian football midfielder currently playing for BSK Borča on loan from FK Rad.
 Yoann Miguel Gourcuff (French pronunciation: ​[jɔ.an ɡuʁ.kyf]; born 11 July 1986) is a French international footballer who currently plays for French club Lyon in Ligue 1. He operates mainly as an attacking midfielder but can also be utilized as a withdrawn striker and is described as a playmaker of real quality who is an accomplished passer of the ball. Gourcuff has been described by former French international David Ginola as the best French player of his generation.
 Wallace Keith Wally Joyner (born June 16 1962) is a former first baseman and hitting coach in Major League Baseball. He played for four major league teams during a 16-year career most notably for the California Angels for whom he was an All-Star. He was a member of the pennant-winning 1998 San Diego Padres. He is currently the hitting coach for the Detroit Tigers.
 Yoshikazu Fujita (born 28 September 1993 in Kyoto) is a Japanese international rugby union player.After impressing the coaches with his form playing for the Japan sevens team Fujita was selected for the Japan national rugby union team and became the youngest ever player to play for Japan when he took the field against the UAE in May 2012 at the age of 18 years and 210 days in his hometown of Fukuoka. On his debut as Japan youngest ever player he scored 6 tries.
 Edward Peter Ted Withers (8 September 1915 – 1994) was an English footballer who played as a forward for Southampton and Bristol Rovers in the 1930s. At Bristol Rovers he acquired the nickname Tosh.
 Krysten Boogaard is a Canadian basketball forward who played for the University of Kansas Jayhawks. Her older brother Derek Boogaard played in the NHL for the Minnesota Wild and New York Rangers while her other brother Aaron Boogaard played in the Pittsburgh Penguins organization
 Elena Cecchini (born 25 May 1992) is an Italian racing cyclist. She competed in the 2013 UCI women's team time trial in Florence.
 Dean Horrix (21 November 1961 – 11 March 1990) was an English footballer.He joined Millwall as a striker and made 65 league appearances plus 7 as substitute scoring 19 goals. He was sold to Gillingham in 1983 and joined Reading later the same year. He formed a successful striking partnership with Trevor Senior and was very popular with the fans.
 Dave Tollefson (born May 19 1981) is a former American football defensive end. He was selected by the Green Bay Packers in the seventh round with the 253rd pick of the 2006 NFL Draft. He played college football at Northwest Missouri State. Tollefson won two Super Bowls as a member of the New York Giants.
 Charles Elliott (22 September 1896 – 22 March 1940) was an English footballer.
 Mikhail Vdovin (born 15 January 1967) is a retired Russian 400 metres runner.
 Jeff Mayweather (born July 4 1964 in Grand Rapids MI) was a boxer who fought in the 1990s.
 Roman Vasylyovych Maksymyuk (Ukrainian: Роман Васильович Максимюк; Russian: Роман Васильевич Максимюк; born 14 June 1974 in Bytkiv Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast) was a Ukrainian professional footballer. As of 2010 he played for Volyn Lutsk. He made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League B in 1991 for FC Prykarpattya Ivano-Frankivsk.In December 2011 he announced about his retirement as playing footballer.
 Kim John Barnett (born 17 July 1960) is a retired English cricketer.Barnett was a batsman who played internationally for England between 1988 and 1989. He mainly played for Derbyshire from 1979 to 1998 and Gloucestershire from 1999 to 2002. He also played for South African teams Boland and Impalas.He was primarily a batsman but could also deploy effective leg spin and topped the English first-class bowling averages in 1994 with 13.30 albeit with only thirteen wickets to his name.
 James Steven Baulch (born 3 May 1973 in Nottingham) is a British sprint athlete and television presenter. He won the 400 metres gold medal at the 1999 World Indoor Championships. As a member of British 4 x 400 metres relay teams he won a gold medal at the 1997 World Championships and silver medal at the 1996 Olympic Games. He represented Wales at the Commonwealth Games where he won an individual silver and a bronze medal in the 4 x 400 m relay.
 Lucas Daniel Wilchez (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈlukas daˈnjel wjˈltʃeθ] born 31 August 1983) is an Argentinian footballer that currently plays for Club Atlético Tigre as a left winger.He began his career at Cambaceres youth squad then moving to La Plata and join to the football academy of the hometown club Estudiantes aged eighteen.The coach of Estudiantes Reinaldo Merlo not considered him in the team for the 2003–04 season and was loaned to San Martín de San Juan playing of professional form his first season in the Primera B. 
 Peter N. Fiorentino (born December 22 1968) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played in one National Hockey League game for the New York Rangers during the 1991–92 NHL season.
 For the footballer and manager born in 1939 see Bryan Griffiths (footballer born 1939)For the Welsh former footballer see Brian Griffiths (footballer)Bryan Kenneth Griffiths (born 26 January 1965 in Prescot Merseyside) is an English former professional footballer. He played as a left winger.Born in Prescot Lancashire Griffiths began his career with St. Helens Town in the 1980s.
 Johan Wiland (born 24 January 1981 in Borås) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Danish Superliga club F.C. Copenhagen.
 Ben Meehan (born 21 January 1993) is an Australian rugby union player who currently plays as a scrum-half for the Melbourne Rebels in Super Rugby.
 Annemarie Moser-Pröll (born March 27 1953) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer from Austria. Born in Kleinarl Salzburg she was the most successful female alpine ski racer during the 1970s with six overall titles including five consecutive. Moser-Pröll celebrated her biggest successes in downhill giant slalom and combined races. In 1980 her last year as a competitor she secured her third Olympic medal (and first gold) at Lake Placid and won five World Cup races.
 Tollef K. Tollefsen (June 2 1885 – March 28 1963) was a Norwegian rower who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.In 1920 he won the bronze medal as crew member of the Norwegian boat in the eights competition.
 Marcelo Marcelinho Magalhães Machado (born 12 April 1975 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian professional basketball player with Flamengo in the NBB and the senior men's Brazilian national basketball team.
 Waldon Thomas Westlake (born November 8 1920) was a utility player who had a ten-year career from 1947 to 1956. Born in Gridley California he played for the Pittsburgh Pirates St. Louis Cardinals Cincinnati Reds and Philadelphia Phillies of the National League and the Cleveland Indians and Baltimore Orioles of the American League.
 Pauline Hill (nee Dennert May 8 1926 - September 17 2012) played for the Muskegon Lassies of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League in 1947. The right-handed left fielder appeared in three games collecting zero hits in four at-bats. She was nicknamed Denny.Her obituary lists her as being born on April 8 1926 while AAGPBL.org lists her as being born on May 8 1926.
 George Chase Clements (December 31 1901 – August 1971) was a professional American football player for the Cleveland Bulldogs and the Akron Pros. He attended Washington & Jefferson College.
 Sandra Smisek (born 3 July 1977 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German former footballer who played as a striker for FFC Frankfurt and the German national team.Smisek has played for Germany at four Women's World Cup finals.
 Michael Pittman (born August 14 1975) is a retired American football running back. He was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the fourth round of the 1998 NFL Draft. He played college football at Fresno State.Pittman has also played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers Denver Broncos and Florida Tuskers. He earned a Super Bowl ring with the Buccaneers in Super Bowl XXXVII.
 David Martin Evans' OAM (born 20 September 1967) is an Australian Paralympic athlete. He is an arm amputee and his nickname was ‘Clock’.
 Not to be confused with Charlie Davis (basketball) another American basketball player born in 1949.Charles Edward Davis Jr. (born October 5 1958) is a retired American basketball player.A 6'7 forward born in Nashville Tennessee Davis starred at Vanderbilt University during the late 1970s and early 1980s.
 Reiner Plaßhenrich is a German retired football player. He spent his whole career in Germany playing for SC Verl SpVgg Greuther Fürth SC Paderborn 07 VfB Lübeck and Alemannia Aachen.
 Antonio Miguel Parra (born December 26 1982 in Palafrugell Girona) is a retired Spanish professional track cyclist. He claimed the men's madison title at the 2004 Spanish Track Cycling Championships in Palma de Mallorca and later represented his nation Spain at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
 Andrew George Davies (born 15 May 1962) is a former English cricketer. Davies was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper. He was born at Altrincham Cheshire.Davies made his first-class debut for Cambridge University against Essex in 1982. Davies played 21 further first-class matches for the University the last of which came against Essex in 1989. In his 22 first-class matches he scored 494 runs at a batting average of 19.00 with a high score of 69.
 György Mizsei (born November 30 1971 in Kiskunfélegyháza) was a Hungarian boxer who won a bronze medal in the light middleweight division at the 1992 Summer Olympics.He gained the bronze medal at the 1996 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Vejle Denmark.
 Christopher Chris Louis (born 9 July 1969) is an England international speedway motorcycle rider who rode for the Ipswich Witches and Hackney Kestrels. He is the son of former Great Britain International John Louis who is the current promoter at the Ipswich club.
 William Henry Walker (October 7 1903 – June 14 1966) was a professional baseball left-handed pitcher over parts of ten seasons (1927–1936) with the New York Giants and St. Louis Cardinals. He was the National League ERA champion twice (in 1929 and 1931) with New York. For his career he compiled a 97–77 record in 272 appearances with a 3.59 ERA and 626 strikeouts.He was born and later died in East St. Louis Illinois at the age of 62.
 André Petersson (born September 11 1990) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player. He currently plays in the Anaheim Ducks organization with the Norfolk Admirals of the American Hockey League (AHL). He was selected by the Ottawa Senators in the 4th round (109th overall) of the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
 Bernd Drechsel (born 28 October 1953 in Karl-Marx-Stadt) is a German former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
 Ján Sokol (born 13 September 1985 in Bardejov) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for SV Bad Ischl. His former club was Partizán Bardejov.
 Luca Babbini (born 22 January 1988 in Carrara Italy) is an Italian footballer .
 Patrick Pat Horgan (born 1957) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Cork senior team.Horgan joined the team during the 1977 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 1988 championship. During that time he won three All-Ireland medals as a non-playing substitute six Munster medals two National League medals and two All-Star awards.
 Andrew James Krakouer (born 4 February 1983) is a former Australian rules footballer. He played for Richmond and for Collingwood in the AFL as well as for South Fremantle and for Swan Districts in the WAFL.
 Daniel Joseph D. J. Kennington (born July 15 1977) is a Canadian stock car racing driver. He currently competes in the NASCAR Canadian Tire Series winning the 2010 and 2012 series championships.
 Daniel T. Brennan (born 1 October 1960) is a Canadian retired National Hockey League player. He played eight games for the Los Angeles Kings recording one assist and nine minutes in penalties. Brennan played college hockey at the University of North Dakota.
 Vyacheslav Ivanovich Ivanenko (Russian: Вячеслав Иванович Иваненко) (born March 3 1961 in Kemerovo) is a retired race walker who represented the USSR. He won the gold medal over 50 kilometres at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul with a personal best time of 3:38:29. He also won a silver at the 1986 European Championships and a bronze at the 1987 World Championships.Ivanenko was awarded the title Honoured Master of Sports of the USSR in 1988 and the Order of Friendship of Peoples.
 Nick Pesch (born 25 June 1974) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Adelaide and Melbourne in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s.Pesch who played in the 1993 Woodville-West Torrens SANFL premiership team made his AFL debut late in the 1994 AFL season and put together regular games in 1995 appearing 15 times. During the 1995 season he kicked four goals in a match against Geelong.
 Lee Chun-Soo (Hangul: 이천수; born 9 July 1981) is a football player from South Korea who plays for Incheon United. He played as a forward for the national team during the 2002 World Cup and the 2004 Summer Olympics.
 Charles Hugh Alison (5 March 1883 – 20 October 1952) was a British golf course architect. He worked predominantly with Harry Colt John Morrison and Alister MacKenzie in 1928 forming Colt Alison & Morrison Ltd.
 Christopher Exciminiano (born November 17 1988) is a Filipino professional basketball player who plays for the Alaska Aces of the Philippine Basketball Association. He was selected 18th overall in the 2013 PBA Draft by the Aces.
 Randy Brown (born May 22 1968) is a retired American basketball player. Brown was a guard who played at New Mexico State University Brown was selected by the Sacramento Kings in the second round of the 1991 NBA Draft.
 John Charles Glover (born 29 August 1989) is a Welsh cricketer. Glover is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium-fast. He was born in Cardiff Glamorgan and educated at Llantarnam School in Cwmbran.While studying for his degree at Durham University Glover made his first-class debut for Durham UCCE against Derbyshire in 2008.
 Clive Zwelibanzi Moyo-Modise (born 24 September 1984) is a footballer. He is an attacking player currently playing for Ashton United
 Lilibeth Chacón (born 1 March 1992) is an Venezuelan racing cyclist. She competed in the 2013 UCI women's road race in Florence.
 Kevin Hoskins (born October 12 1990 in Los Angeles California) is an undefeated professional boxer in the Super Featherweight division.
 Thomas Robert Wieghaus (born February 1 1957 in Chicago Heights Illinois) is an American former Major League Baseball player. A catcher Wieghaus played for the Montreal Expos and Houston Astros in the 1980s.Wieghaus attended Rich East High School in Park Forest Illinois. He was drafted in the 12th round of the 1978 Amateur Draft. He played his first season of ball in Jamestown New York of the New York-Penn League.
 Omarr Morgan (born December 4 1976 in Hollywood California) is a Canadian Football League cornerback who is currently a free agent.In college Morgan played for Brigham Young University. He was signed as a free agent by Saskatchewan in 1999 but didn't make the team until 2000 when the Roy Shivers regime took over the Roughriders franchise. Since that time he had been a mainstay in the Riders' defensive secondary playing the weak-side corner position.
 Sean Doherty (born June 8 1995) is an American biathlete. Doherty competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi Russia.
 Paul McCallum (born January 7 1970) is a professional Canadian football player currently playing as a placekicker and punter for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He holds the CFL record for longest field goal made at 62 yards and has the second-highest field goal kicking accuracy in a single season at 94.34%. He is currently the oldest active player in the CFL having played in 21 seasons over the course of his career.
 Petr Cigánek (born 3 September 1986) is a Czech football player who plays for SC Neusiedl am See 1919 in Austria.Cigánek played Gambrinus liga for Baník Ostrava where he played since the youth teams. He won the Czech Cup with Baník in 2005.
 Christopher Cory Gomez (born June 16 1971 in Los Angeles California) is a former Major League Baseball infielder. He bats and throws right-handed.
 Ahmad Mahrus Bachtiar (born on September 3 1987 in Jepara Central Java) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persijap Jepara in the Indonesia Premier League. He previously plays for Sriwijaya FC in the Indonesia Super League.
 Keith Andre Edmonson (born September 28 1960 in Gulfport Mississippi) is an American former professional basketball player.A 6-5 guard with high-time shooting ability he was part of the Purdue Boilermakers team that reached the NCAA final four in 1980 alongside with Joe Barry Carroll.
 Roger Jones (born 8 November 1946) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper who played for Bournemouth Blackburn Rovers Newcastle United Stoke City Derby County Birmingham City and York City.
 Philip David Ferns (born 12 September 1961) is an English former professional footballer who played as a left back in the Football League.
 Frans Gerhard Spits (born 13 June 1946) is a retired field hockey player from the Netherlands. He competed at the 1964 and 1972 Summer Olympics and finished in fifth and fourth place respectively. In 1972 he played alongside his elder brother Nico Spits.Together with his brother he was part of the Dutch team that won the 1973 Men's Hockey World Cup.
 Gitte Madsen (born March 24 1969 in Herning Midtjylland) is a Danish team handball player and Olympic champion. She received a gold medal with the Danish national team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
 Charlotte Evans (born 29 March 1991) is a British skier sighted guide and Paralympian. At the 2014 Winter Paralympic Games as guide for visually impaired skier Kelly Gallagher she won gold in the women's Super-G.
 Fanai Lalrempuia (born 11 May 1996) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Pune F.C. in the I-League. He is known for his superb ball control accurate passing and speed.
 Veronika Klechová is a Slovak football midfielder currently playing in the Slovak First League for Slovan Bratislava with whom she has also played the Champions League. She has been a member of the Slovak national team since debuting at 17 in 2006.
 Lance Norick (born September 20 1968 in Oklahoma City Oklahoma) is an American stock car and sprint car racing driver and a professional remote control car racer. A former competitor in the NASCAR Busch Series and Craftsman Truck Series he is the son of former Oklahoma City mayor Ron Norick.
 Vladimir Latin (born 30 May 1985 in Narva) is an Estonian rower. He is a member of rowing club SK Narva Energia located in Narva. He finished 9th in the men's quadruple sculls at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
 Jens Vorsatz (born January 13 1971 in Schwerte North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German slalom canoer who competed in the early-to-mid 1990s. He finished 29th in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
 Andrei Vladimirovich Chikunov (Russian: Андрей Владимирович Чикунов; born September 27 1983) is a Russian professional football player. Currently he plays for FC Lokomotiv Liski.
 Željko Mitrakovič (born 30 December 1972) is a Slovenian football midfielder.Mitrakovič was capped for the Slovenian national team.
 Paolo Maino (born 2 March 1989 in Como) is an Italian professional football player. Currently he plays for U.C. AlbinoLeffe.In 2010-11 he changed his shirt number from 55 to no.13.
 Robert Randall Bragan (October 30 1917 – January 21 2010) was an American shortstop catcher manager and coach in Major League Baseball. He also was an influential executive in minor league baseball.
 Frank Devlin (19 January 1900 – 27 October 1988) was an Irish male badminton player.Devlin is the second most successful player ever in the All England Open Badminton Championships with 18 titles between 1925 and 1931 including three triple championships in 1926 1927 and 1929.He also won four Irish Championships.Frank Devlin was a right-handed player and was included in the Badminton Hall of Fame in 1997 together with his daughter Judy Devlin.
 Magdalena Paraschiv (born 11 August 1982) is a Romanian handball player. She plays for the Romanian club CS Universitatea Jolidon Cluj-Napoca.
 Douglas da Silva (born 7 March 1984 in Florianópolis) is a Brazilian professional association football player who is currently playing for Vasco da Gama on loan from Red Bull Salzburg in Austria.
 Csaba Hegedűs (born in 26 October 1985 in Pásztó) is a Hungarian football player. He plays for Mezőkövesd-Zsóry SE in the Nemzeti Bajnokság I.He played his first league match in 2013.
 Gilbert Brown (born September 5 1987) is an American professional basketball player. He played college basketball at the University of Pittsburgh.
 Anthony Joseph Tony Naylor (born 29 March 1967) is an English former football player. He is best known for his spells at Port Vale and Crewe Alexandra in the 1990s. A consummate finisher he posed a great threat inside the opposition's penalty area.He moved to Dario Gradi's Crewe from non-league Droylsden in 1990 turning professional at the age of 23. After two successive promotion-hunting campaigns ended at the play-off stage he helped the Alex to automatic promotion in 1993–94.
 Amanda Jayne Barr (born 2 May 1982) is an English football striker who plays club football for FA Women's Premier League team Nottingham Forest Ladies. She scored ten goals in 37 appearances for the England women's national football team after making her international debut in 2001. Barr spearheaded the England attack at the 2005 UEFA Women's Championship hosted in her native North West.
 Warren Morris (born January 11 1974) is a former college and Major League Baseball player. He is most remembered for his 9th inning walk-off home run that won the 1996 College World Series for the Louisiana State University (LSU) Tigers.
 Kirk Tippet Scrafford (born March 13 1967 in Billings Montana) is a former professional American football player who played offensive lineman for nine seasons for the Cincinnati Bengals the Denver Broncos and the San Francisco 49ers.
 Donald Stewart (born 11 April 1967) is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented Western Samoa.
 Thomas Dean Aaron (born February 22 1937) is an American former professional golfer who was a member of the PGA Tour during the 1960s 1970s and 1980s. Aaron is best known for winning the 1973 Masters Tournament.
 Mark Darrell Jerue (born January 15 1960 in Seattle Washington) is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League. He played seven seasons for the Los Angeles Rams (1983–1989).
 Hakim Mouzaki (born 29 March 1983 in Casablanca) is a Moroccan footballer. He currently plays for Wydad Casablanca.
 Luigi Marchisio (26 April 1909 – 3 July 1992) was an Italian professional road racing cyclist.Marchisio was born at Castelnuovo Piedmont. The highlight of his career was his overall win in the 1930 Giro d'Italia the youngest victor ever at the time (he was beat only by Fausto Coppi's victory in 1940). Marchisio was also 3rd in the 1931 Giro d'Italia but subsequently he failed to achieve any result of note. He retired in 1936.Marchisio died in 1992.
 John Plath is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1990s. He played in all of the Brisbane Broncos' first four grand final wins from the interchange bench and retired as the most-capped Bronco not to have played representative football.Plath was a Queensland rugby union Schoolboy representative in 1986/87 before playing for Wynnum-Manly Seagulls. He was graded by the Brisbane Broncos from their Colts team in 1990.
 Janus Hellemons (20 July 1912 – 14 January 1999) was a Dutch racing cyclist. He finished in last place in the 1938 Tour de France.
 Charles Eugene Tuffy Stewart (July 31 1883 – November 18 1934) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. Stewart played for the Chicago Cubs in 1913 and 1914. In 11 career games he had 1 hit in 9 at-bats. He batted and threw left-handed.Stewart was born and died in Chicago Illinois.
 Massimiliano Tacchinardi (born 2 August 1971) is an Italian footballer and defender.He is the elder brother of Alessio Tacchinardi
 Earl Percy Reid (June 8 1913 – May 11 1984) was a professional baseball player. He was a right-handed pitcher for one season (1946) with the Boston Braves. For his career he compiled a 1-0 record with a 3.00 earned run average and two strikeouts in three innings pitched. Reid was born in Bangor Alabama and later died in Cullman Alabama at the age of 70.
 Charlie U. Williams (born February 2 1972 in Detroit Michigan) is a former professional American football player who played cornerback and Safety for six seasons for the Dallas Cowboys. He also played college football for Bowling Green State University.
 Brian Wade Grant (born March 5 1972) is a retired American basketball player. He played the power forward and center positions for five teams during 12 seasons in the National Basketball Association. He was known for his tenacious rebounding and blue-collar defense. During his career he played with the Sacramento Kings (where he made First Team All-Rookie in the 1994–95 season) Portland Trail Blazers Miami Heat Los Angeles Lakers and Phoenix Suns.
 Federico Pérez (born January 23 1986 Uruguay) is a Uruguayan footballer. He currently plays for Sud América in the Uruguayan Segunda División. During 2009-2010 Pérez played for Everton in Chile.
 Christopher Tyler Austin (born September 6 1991) is an outfielder in the New York Yankees organization.
 Maurice Moe Benoit (July 26 1932 – December 10 2013) was a Canadian professional hockey defenceman. Benoit was born in Valleyfield Quebec and started playing professional hockey in 1948 for the Montreal Royals. After a five year break he began playing again for the Trois-Rivières Lions. He had successful seasons with the Belleville McFarlandsthe 1959 Team Canada that won the World Championships in Prague Czechoslovakia. and Kingston Frontenacs in the late fifties.
 Timo Mikko Juhani Turunen (born April 8 1948 in Kuusjärvi Finland) is a Finnish retired professional ice hockey player who played in the SM-liiga. He played for Jokerit. He was inducted into the Finnish Hockey Hall of Fame in 2004.
 R. Whitehead (first name and dates unknown) was an English first-class cricketer with amateur status who was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). He was also a match organiser and according to Haygarth sometimes used the pseudonym Long. Whitehead is known to have been an active player between 1785 and 1800 fourteen of his matches being rated first-class by CricketArchive. Whitehead scored 201 runs with a highest score of 32 and held 6 catches.
 Philip John Whitcombe (born 11 November 1928) is a former English cricketer who played 34 first-class matches between 1949 and 1953. 26 of these were for Oxford University and eight for Worcestershire. He was a wicket-keeper though he did play in some games as a batsman only.Whitcombe made his first-class debut for Worcestershire against Cambridge University at Worcester in June 1949. In a drawn game he held three catches and scored 4 and 8*.
 Zaurbek Olegovich Kambolov (Russian: Заурбек Олегович Камболов; born March 4 1992) is a Russian professional football player who currently plays for FC SKA-Energiya Khabarovsk.
 Omar Mario Pérez Aguado (born September 20 1976) is an Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Centro Atlético Fénix as a midfielder.
 Don Kendrick is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.Kendrick made his full All Whites debut in a 2-0 win over Fiji on 7 September 1952 and ended his international playing career with five A-international caps and four goals to his credit his final cap an appearance in a 5-3 win over Tahiti on 28 September 1952.
 Óscar de Marcos Arana (born 14 April 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao in La Liga mainly as a midfielder.
 Vasile Morar (b. June 23 1952 - d. June 15 2005) is a former Romanian ice hockey goaltender. He played for the Romania men's national ice hockey team at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.
 Napolioni Vonowale Nalaga (born 7 April 1986) is a Fijian rugby union footballer. He plays as a wing flanker and Centre. He is nicknamed Napoleon or Naps or Napo. His father Kavekini Nalaga also represented Fiji in the 80's and just like his son he played on the wing.
 Stefano Carobbi (born January 16 1964) is an Italian association football: he is the currently manager of FiesoleCaldine and former player.
 Ival Richard Goodman (July 23 1908 in Northview Missouri – November 25 1984) was an All-Star right fielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Cincinnati Reds (1935–1942) and Chicago Cubs (1943–1944). Goodman who batted left-handed and threw right-handed helped lead the Reds to a National League pennant in 1939 and a World Series title in 1940 and he was elected to the Cincinnati Reds Hall of Fame in 1959.
 Miguel Ángel García Cortez (born December 15 1987 in Ventura California) is an undefeated Mexican American professional boxer in the Super Featherweight division. García is the former Ring Magazine WBO Featherweight and current WBO Super Featherweight Champion.Miguel Ángel is trained by his father Eduardo García and his brother former World Champion Roberto García.
 Paul Flexney (born 18 January 1965 in Glasgow) is a former Scottish football defender.Flexney started his career with Clyde making over 200 appearances for the side. He was capped by Scotland at various youth levels and was captain for a period during his time at Clyde.He later played for Northampton Town and Kilmarnock before dropping out of the senior game.
 Gotita de Plata (born September 28 1998) is a wrestler from Pachuca Hidalgo Mexico. He is wrestling in Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA). He has been highly praised for being very good for his age and he is being compared to the legend Rey Mysterio.[citation needed] He had his first match in AAA in May 2013. He teamed up with Flamita and Saturno to win his debut.
 Mathias Beche (born 28 June 1986 in Geneva) is a Swiss-French racing driver. He finished eighth overall and second in the LMP2 class of the 2012 24 Hours of Le Mans and is the reigning champion of the European Le Mans Series in the LMP2 class.
 Stephen John Schmoll (born February 4 1980 in Silver Spring Maryland) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He bats and throws right-handed.Schmoll graduated from the University of Maryland College Park. In 2000 he played for the Bethesda Big Train. He pitched for the Los Angeles Dodgers in 2005.
 Katie Williams (born 24 May 1984) is a former footballer who played for the Welsh national team and Liverpool. Williams played as a central defender and accumulated twenty caps for Wales.
 Ariel Behar (born November 12 1989) is a tennis player from Uruguay. He played on the 2009-13 Uruguay Davis Cup teams.
 Julien Gibert (born September 8 1978 in Rillieux-la-Pape Rhône) is a French professional football player. He played on the professional level in Ligue 2 for Dijon FCO.
 Marta Corredera is a Spanish football forward currently playing for FC Barcelona in the Spanish league.She is a member of the Spanish national team.
 Tamás Kancsal (born 17 November 1951) is a Hungarian former modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics winning a bronze medal in the team event.
 Jan Finney is an American female mixed martial artist. She currently competes in the 135-pound bantamweight division.
 Lennart Petrell (born April 13 1984) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Genève-Servette HC of the Swiss National League A (NLA).
 Viktor Viktorovich Isaychenko (Russian: Виктор Викторович Исайченко; born February 8 1976) is a Russian professional football player. Currently he plays in the Russian Second Division for FC Dynamo Barnaul.
 Atik Jauhari (born 14 August 1949 in Tangerang in Indonesia) is a badminton coach from Indonesia.
 Harry Kenyon (born April 10 1894) was a Negro Leagues pitcher and manager for a few years before the founding of the first Negro National League and in its first eight seasons.Kenyon attended the Arkansas Baptist College in Little Rock Arkansas.
 Kevin Connell (born 27 August 1939) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).Connell a rover from Maryborough was a regular member of the Hawthorn team for much of the early 1960s.
 Katalin Pálinger (born 6 December 1978 in Mosonmagyaróvár) is a former Hungarian international team handball goalkeeper who plays for Győri Audi ETO KC.
 Jean-Marc Chouinard (born 6 November 1963) is a Canadian fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at four consecutive Olympic Games from 1984 to 1996.
 Gianluca Korte (born 29 August 1990 in Speyer) is a German footballer who currently plays for Eintracht Braunschweig in the Bundesliga.
 Dick Campbell is a former linebacker in the National Football League. He was drafted in the tenth round of the 1958 NFL Draft and played three seasons with the team.
 Peter Torebko (born 10 February 1988) is a German tennis player playing on the ITF Men's Circuit. On November 7 2011 he reached his highest ATP singles ranking of 270 while his highest doubles ranking of 674 was achieved on July 4 2011. Torebko made his ATP World Tour debut at the 2011 BRD Năstase Țiriac Trophy losing to Igor Andreev in the first round.
 Cliff Anthony Politte (born February 27 1974 in St. Louis Missouri) is a right-handed Major League Baseball retired relief pitcher. He was selected in the 54th round of the 1995 Major League Baseball Draft by the St. Louis Cardinals as the 1438th player selected. Politte came up to the parent club in 1998. He threw the first pitch at the new Roger Dean Stadium in spring training that year.
 Berthrand Okafor (born 4 January 1990 in Lagos) is a Finish-Nigerian footballer. He currently plays for Aseman Pallo on loan from Atlantis FC.
 Malick Mané (born 14 October 1988) is a Senegalese footballer that plays for the Swedish club IFK Göteborg. He have previously played for Casa Sport Sandefjord Aktobe and Sogndal.
 James Baxter (8 June 1870 – 5 July 1940) played rugby union for the English rugby union side between at the turn of the 20th century and won a silver medal at the 1908 Summer Olympics for sailing in the 12-metre class. In 1927 he was president of the Rugby Football Union and managed the British and Irish Lions tour to Argentina in 1927 and the 1930 tour to New Zealand and Australia.
 Jeffrey James Reardon (born October 1 1955) is an American former professional baseball relief pitcher who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1979–1994 for the New York Mets Montreal Expos Minnesota Twins and Boston Red Sox Atlanta Braves Cincinnati Reds and New York Yankees.
 Roy Adam McBain (born 7 November 1974 in Aberdeen) is a professional footballer currently playing for Cove Rangers.
 Andy Hopkins (born October 19 1949) is a former all-star Canadian Football League (CFL) running back. Andrew “Shay” Hopkins a native of Crockett Texas attended Ralph Bunche High School. He was a member of the High School Choir Ralph Bunche Gazette Year-book Staff and Sports Editor of the Ralph Bunche Year-book. Andy showed extraodinary athletic abilities in high school. He was a stand-out star in track baseball and football.
 Sándor Prokopp (Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈʃaːndoɾ ˈpɾokop] 7 May 1887 – 4 November 1964) was a Hungarian sport shooter who competed for Hungary at the 1908 1912 and the 1924 Summer Olympics.He was born in Kassa Kingdom of Hungary (today Košice Slovakia) and died in Budapest.1908 LondonIn 1908 he finished 43rd in the 300 metre free rifle competition.1912 StockholmFour years later he won the gold medal in the 300 metre military rifle three positions event.1924 ParisIn the 1924 Summer Olympics he participated in the following events: 25 metre rapid fire pistol - 53rd place 600 metre free rifle - 55th place Team free rifle - unplaced (team incomplete)↑
 Timothy Dreesen (born 30 January 1987 in Geel) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Fortuna Sittard in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.
 Melvin Thaddeus Fowler Jr. (born March 31 1979 in Brooklyn New York) is an American football center who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the third round of the 2002 NFL Draft. He played college football at Maryland.Fowler has been a member of the Minnesota Vikings Buffalo Bills Arizona Cardinals Detroit Lions and Florida Tuskers.
 Dámaso Domingo García Sánchez (born February 7 1955 in Moca Dominican Republic) is a former Major League Baseball player best known for his time spent with the Toronto Blue Jays in the 1980s.Originally he played soccer. In 1974 he was the Universidad Católica Madre y Maestra soccer team's captain. That year he played too as the captain for the Dominican Republic national football team at XII Central American and Caribbean Games in Santo Domingo.
 Larrissa Willcox (born 27 November 1982) is a New Zealand netball player. She played for the West Coast Fever in the 2008 ANZ Championship season having played for the same team in Australia's Commonwealth Bank Trophy from 2002–07 when the team was known as the Perth Orioles.
 Zeng Qiliang (simplified Chinese: 曾启亮; traditional Chinese: 曾啟亮; pinyin: Céng Qǐliàng; born May 10 1975) is a retired male breaststroke swimmer from PR China. He represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta Georgia. Zeng won the silver medal in the men's 100m breaststroke event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships in Perth Australia.[citation needed] which is the first medal of Chinese male swimmer in world championships.
 Aleksandr Valeryevich Fedulov (Russian: Александр Валерьевич Федулов; born October 8 1984) is a Russian professional football player. In 2010 he played for FC Kaluga in the Russian Second Division.
 Raymond Bates (8 February 1890 – 15 August 1970) was a Major League Baseball third baseman who played for 2 seasons. He played for the Cleveland Naps in 1913 and the Philadelphia Athletics in 1917.
 Mohamed Jassim Mahdi is an Iraqi football Midfielder who played for Iraq in the 1996 Asian Cup. He also played for Al-ZawraaMohammed Jassim was part of Iraq’s 1996 Asian Cup campaign in the United Arab Emirates. He was one of the longest serving players at Al-Zawraa after nearly 13 years of service where he has won 6 league championships and 10 cups.
 Eigil Nielsen (born 6 December 1948 in Tårs Hjørring) is a former Danish footballer who played as a midfielder during the 1960s 1970's and 1980s.Nielsen began his career in 1966 at Hjørring before moving to KB in 1970. In 1971 he signed for Switzerland's Winterthur and he played there until 1973 when he returned to Hjørring. He went back to Switzerland in 1977 with Basel.
 Thomas Osborne Tom Davies (27 March 1882 – 1967) was an English professional footballer who played as an outside forward for various clubs between 1900 and 1910. His career started in the Southern League with his hometown club Swindon Town before spending three years in the Football League First Division with Nottingham Forest. He then returned to the Southern League with Reading and later Southampton before a broken leg ended his career.
 Patrick André Eugène Joseph Depailler (9 August 1944 – 1 August 1980) was a racing driver from France. He participated in 95 World Championship Formula One Grands Prix debuting on 2 July 1972. He also participated in several non-Championship Formula One races.Depailler was born in Clermont-Ferrand Puy-de-Dôme. As a child he was inspired by Jean Behra.
 Bertie Hill (born 8 March 1930 in West Ham London England) is an English former professional footballer who played as a wing half in The Football League for Colchester United and for Chelsea although there he made no appearances. Hill made over 100 appearances for United before moving on to non-league football with Dartford.
 Javid Shokri is an Iranian football Midfielder who played for Iran and Esteghlal F.C..
 Lea Ann Miller (born January 22 1961 in Kirkwood Missouri) is an American pair skater. With partner William Fauver she is a three-time (1981 1983–1984) U.S. silver medalist and the 1982 U.S. bronze medalist.
 Johnny Buckley is a Gaelic footballer from Killarney County Kerry. He has played with Kerry at every level and plays with the Dr Crokes club.He first played with the Kerry minor team in 2006 winning the Munster championship and later played in the All-Ireland final loss to Roscommon. He was underage again in 2007 but had little success.He then moved on to the Under 21 team in 2008 winning Munster and All Ireland medals.He has had much success at club level with Dr.
 William Bill Patrick Staley (born September 9 1946) was an American football player.
 Jimmy Duggan (born 1947 in Tuam County Galway) is an Irish former sportsperson. He played Gaelic football with his local club Corofin and was a member of the Galway senior inter-county team from 1966 until 1978.
 Jacob Edward Jake Peavy (born May 31 1981) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball (MLB). He has also played in MLB for the San Diego Padres and Chicago White Sox. He bats and throws right-handed. Peavy stands 6'1 tall (1.85 m) and weighs 195 pounds (83 kg). While with the Padres he won the 2007 NL Cy Young Award after recording the pitching triple crown that year. While with the Boston Red Sox in 2013 he won a World Series championship.
 Mohammed Al-Mohanadi is an Qatar football Forward who played for Qatar in the 1984 Asian Cup.
 Jakov Gojun (born 18 April 1986) is a Croatian handball player playing for the French club Paris Handball. He was born in Split. He competed for the Croatian national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
 Josh Ranek (born May 11 1978 in Tyndall South Dakota) is a former Canadian football league player. Ranek was a running back in the Canadian Football League for the Ottawa Renegades (2002–2005) the Hamilton Tiger-Cats (2006) the Edmonton Eskimos (preseason 2007) and the Saskatchewan Roughriders (November 2007). In 2002 he attended the training camp of the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League. Ranek played college football at South Dakota State University.
 Virimi Vakatawa (born 1 May 1992) is a Fijian rugby union player. His position is wing and centre. He currently plays for Racing Métro 92 in the Top 14. He began his career in Fiji playing for his school Lelean Memorial School before getting recruited by France based Fijian winger Sireli Bobo and joining Racing Métro 92 in 2010. He was mentored by another former flying Fijian in Simon Raiwalui.
 Teisuke Tanaka (born April 13 1937) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Japan. Tanaka began his Grand Prix career in 1960 with Honda. He enjoyed his best season in 1962 when he won the 125cc Nations Grand Prix and finished the season in sixth place in the 125cc world championship.
 William Douglas Schwenk III (born June 17 1971) is an American former competition swimmer Olympic champion and former world record-holder.Schwenk represented the United States at two consecutive Olympic Games. At the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona Spain he competed in the men's 200-meter backstroke and finished fifth in the event final in a time of 1:59.73.At the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta Georgia he received a gold medal for swimming for the winning U.S.
 Matt Jobson (born 1 October 1980 in Maitland New South Wales) is an Australian rugby league player. His position of choice is at prop-forward.
 Anel Džaka (born 19 September 1980) is a Bosnian-born German footballer who plays as a midfielder for TuS Koblenz.
 Johan Jan Mulder (born 4 May 1945) is a Dutch former footballer writer columnist and TV personality.
 Eduard Igorevich Shchukinv (Russian: Эдуард Игоревич Щукин; born May 4 1993) is a Russian football forward who currently plays for FC Lokomotiv Liski.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Lokomotiv Liski on April 16 2013 in a game against FC Arsenal Tula.
 Tamaurice Nigel Tee Martin (born July 25 1978) is a former American football quarterback who played in the National Football League and Canadian Football League. He is the current wide receivers coach for the University of Southern California Trojans.
 Anna Ivanovna Bogaliy-Titovets (Russian: А́нна Ива́новна Бога́лий-Титове́ц) (born June 12 1979 in Vozhega Vologda Oblast) is a retired Russian biathlete. She is 167 cm tall and weighs 58 kg.She has had eleven podium finishes three in first place four in second and has come third four times. At the 2006 Winter Olympics Bogaliy-Titovets won gold on the 4×6 km Relay. At the World Championships she won three gold medals in relays including a recent title in mixed relay in Holmenkollen.
 Carl Allan Carlsson-Ekbäck (November 8 1910 – November 17 1983) was a Swedish boxer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.In 1932 he won the bronze medal in the featherweight class after winning the third place fight against Gaspare Alessandri. He was born in Längbro Örebro.
 James Harold Fanning (born August 6 1942) is a former professional wrestler and author better known as Jimmy Valiant.
 Beau Molenaar (born 10 March 1985) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Norwegian club Åkra IL having previously played for FK Haugesund Notodden FK Apollon Limassol AZ FC Omniworld and Skeid.
 Pankaj Moula (born 20 December 1992 in Garia in West Bengal) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Mohun Bagan A.C. in the I-League.
 Nina Leonidovna Petrova (Russian: Нина Леонидовна Петрова; born 28 November 1955) is a retired Russian swimmer. In 1972 she set a European record in the 200 m medley and finished eights in the 400 m medley at the 1972 Summer Olympics. Between 1970 and 1972 she set five national records in these disciplines.She is married to Vladimir Baranov; they both work as swimming coaches for children.
 Leo Leino was a Finnish Athlete who competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics. He was a pentathlete and gained a total of 23 points in the final.www.sports-reference.com
 Antonis Mantzaris (alternate spelling: Antonios) (Greek: Αντώνης Μάντζαρης; born June 20 1986) is a Greek professional basketball player. He is 1.96 m (6'5) tall. He plays at the shooting guard position. His brother Vangelis Mantzaris is also a professional basketball player.
 Henri Carel Willem Hans Schnitger (August 5 1915 – March 1 2013) was a Dutch field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. Schnitger was a member of the Dutch field hockey team which won the bronze medal. He played all five matches as forward. He was born in Enschede where he lived until his death.
 Tim Gray (born November 11 1952 in Houston Texas) is a former American football safety in the National Football League. He was drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals 21st overall in the 1975 NFL Draft. He played college football at Texas A&M.Gray also played for the Kansas City Chiefs and San Francisco 49ers.
 Jamal James is a professional welterweight (147 lbs) boxer from Minneapolis Minnesota.
 Kengo Tsutsumi (born March 8 1978) is a retired Japanese football player.
 Nicola Ann Nicki Harding (born 12 June 1982) is an English female football defender. She currently plays for Manchester City Ladies in the FA Women's Premier League Northern Division having been part of Liverpool's squad in the 2011 FA WSL. Although primarily a full-back comfortable on either the right or left she can also play in a more advanced midfield role.
 Javed Kureshi (born 25 August 1961) is a former Pakistani cricketer and the first captain of the Pakistan U19 cricket team. He played a handful of youth Test and first class cricket matches for Pakistan International Airlines between 1977 and 1979.Javed Kureishi is now a banker for Citibank. He has a wife and two children Tanya Kureishi and Saif Kureishi. Javed went to Sussex University and was a big part of the cricket team there.
 Jason Spagnuolo (born 2 August 1984 in Adelaide South Australia Australia) is an Australian footballer who plays for Adelaide City in the South Australian Super League.
 Dave Lapham (born June 24 1952 in Melrose Massachusetts) is a former professional football offensive lineman for the National Football League's Cincinnati Bengals from 1974 to 1983 and the United States Football League's New Jersey Generals (1984–1985). During his career he played all five line positions and was a key player on the 1981 Bengals squad that won the AFC championship but ultimately lost Super Bowl XVI to the San Francisco 49ers.
 Vojtěch Engelmann (born 4 July 1989) is a professional Czech football player who currently plays for FK Dukla Prague.Engelmann arrived at Dukla in January 2012 from third division side TJ Kunice. He made his Gambrinus liga debut at the age of 22 on 17 February 2012 in a match against Viktoria Žižkov.
 Terry C. Anderson (born January 10 1955 in Eastover South Carolina) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League for the Miami Dolphins the Washington Redskins and the San Francisco 49ers. He played college football at Bethune-Cookman University and was drafted in the twelfth round of the 1977 NFL Draft.Anderson is now a teacher and football coach at Rangeview High School in Aurora Colorado.
 Lars Detlef Kleppich (born 9 August 1967 in Sydney New South Wales) is a former sailor from Australia who competed in three Summer Olympics for his native country starting in 1992. He won the bronze medal in the Men's Lechner Sailboard Class in Barcelona Spain (1992). He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.
 Iidle Elmi (born 1 January 1995) is a Somalian born Finnish footballer. He plays for FF Jaro in the Finnish top division Veikkausliiga.Elmi joined the FF Jaro junior squad in 2009. In January 2011 he signed a three-year contract with Jaro's first team.
 Márton Esterházy (born 9 April 1956 in Budapest) is a retired Hungarian football player. He is a descendant of the Esterházy aristocratic family. After retiring like his famous writer brother Péter Esterházy he became a published author himself as well. He is also the head of the Hungarian Futsal Committee and in February 2007 became a UEFA controller.
 Frank Stewart Mickey McGuire (July 7 1898 – May 23 1968) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 36 games in the National Hockey League for the Pittsburgh Pirates. He was born in Gravenhurst Ontario.After retiring from hockey McGuire became a competitive bowler residing in Windsor. He also worked for Chrysler. He died in 1968 after a long illness at a hospital in Windsor Ontario.
 Graham McColl (born 18 June 1934) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
 Saeed Meer (born 25 November 1947 in Meerut) the former Pakistan No. 2 had a successful Davis Cup career with a 26–14 win–loss record.In 1973 he made it to the second round at Newport United Kingdom he also went on to play at Seattle and Fort Worth in the United States. The following year he played at Louisville US. In 1976 Saeed Meer played at Tehran. His final ATP tournament was at Perth Australia in 1980 being knocked out in the first round.
 Diogo Carvalho (born 14 February 1994) is a Portuguese swimmer. He participated for the first time at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the discipline 200 metre individual medley. He currently holds 9 individual national records 7 short course (200 freestyle 50 100 and 200 metres butterfly and 100 200 and 400 metres in medley) and 3 long course (100 fly and the 200 and 400m medley). His swimming club is Clube dos Galitos de Aveiro from Aveiro.He studies Medicine in University of Coimbra
 Thomas Fairfoul (16 January 1881 in West Calder Lothian – 1952) was a Scottish footballer who played as a right-half. Fairfoul made over 200 senior appearances in Scottish football playing for Kilmarnock and Third Lanark before moving south of the border to join Liverpool in 1913. He spent two years with the club where his fortunes were mixed. He played in the 1914 FA Cup final ending on the losing side but was later suspended by the FA for his involvement in the betting scandal of 1915.
 William Bill Bainbridge (born 9 March 1922) is an English ex-footballer who played as a forward for several clubs in the Football League including Manchester United Bury and Tranmere Rovers.Born in Gateshead County Durham Bainbridge began his career with Ashington but his career was immediately interrupted by the Second World War. During the war Bainbridge played for Hartlepools United.
 Jackie Williams is a footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Tranmere Rovers.
 For John Mastrangelo the musician see Johnny MaestroJohn Battista Mastrangelo (b. March 10 1926 d. October 2 1987) was a professional football player in the National Football League. He made his NFL debut in 1947 with the Pittsburgh Steelers.
 Christopher Raymond Jack (born 5 September 1978 in Christchurch) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays as a lock. He has played for Canterbury and the Tasman Makos in the National Provincial Championship and its successor the Air New Zealand Cup; the Crusaders in Super Rugby; Saracens in the Guinness Premiership; and internationally for the All Blacks.
 Ladislav Martan (born 2 October 1989) is a Czech football striker currently playing for 1. FC Slovácko.
 Alessandro Sandreani (born 20 October 1979) is an Italian professional footballer who plays midfielder for Gubbio.He is the son of former player and coach Mauro Sandreani.
 Edward Barton is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.Barton made a single appearance in an official international for the All Whites in a 2-4 loss to Australia on 5 June 1933.Barton was only the third player to score a hat-trick in the final of the Chatham Cup putting three goals past the Millerton All Blacks goalkeeper in the 1932 Chatham Cup final.
 Sin Na-hee (born September 24 1990 in Daegu) is a South Korean figure skater. She placed 10th at the 2007 Asian Winter Games. She placed 4th at the 2007 South Korean junior championships.
 Igor Khenkin (born March 21 1968 in Vladimir Russia) is a German chess player. He achieved the FIDE title of grandmaster in 1992 and his peak rating is 2670. Igor Khenkin has been one of the top 100 FIDE players for eight out of the past nine years. He participated in the FIDE World Chess Championship 2002 but was knocked out in the second round by Rustam Kasimdzhanov. In July 2006 he won the Andorra Open chess tournament with 7/9 points.
 Catherine Hardy Lavender (née Catherine Hardy) (born February 8 1930) is an African-American athlete who competed mainly in the 100 meters. She won an Olympic gold medal in the 4 x 100 metres relay at the 1952 Olympic Summer Games in Helsinki Finland. Later Hardy married had children and a 30-year teaching career in Atlanta schools.
 Leslie Frank Dick Southwood (18 January 1906 – 7 February 1986) was an English rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics representing Great Britain.Southwood was born in Fulham and was educated at Latymer Upper School. He initially joined Auriol Rowing Club but Jack Beresford spotted his sculling potential and persuaded him to join Thames Rowing Club. He competed unsuccessfully in the Wingfield Sculls in 1931.
 Manami Katsu (勝 愛実 Katsu Manami born October 23 1994) is a Japanese professional wrestler. She was trained by the JWP Joshi Puroresu promotion made her debut in April 2011 and has worked for the promotion ever since. In December 2011 Katsu won the Souseiseki Cup and a year later the JWP Junior and Princess of Pro-Wrestling Championships which she held for 482 days. She has also worked for Ice Ribbon Oz Academy Reina X World and World Woman Pro-Wrestling Diana.
 Michael Mike Jordan (born 17 February 1958 in Sutton Coldfield England) is a British racing driver who competed in various classes of saloon and sportscar racing. He will compete for his own JordanSport.co.uk team in the 2009 Britcar Production Championship. He has won three British titles and spent three years competing in the BTCC against many drivers less than half his age including his son and team-mate Andrew. In 2006 he became the oldest driver ever to win a BTCC race.
 Caner Dengin (born December 15 1987 in Turkey) is a Turkish volleyball player. He is 188 cm and plays as libero. He plays for Galatasaray
 Ekaterina Sokolova (née Sosinova) (Hebrew: אקטרינה (סוזינובה) סוקולובה ‎ Russian: Екатерина (Сосинова) Соколова) (born 29 August 1990) is a former pair skater. She competed internationally for Israel with pairs partner and husband Fedor Sokolov. They are two-time Israeli national champions.
 Maicon dos Santos (born 18 September 1981) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Uberlândia Esporte Clube.
 Marko Adamović (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Адамовић; born 11 March 1991 in Ub) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for FK Rad in the Serbian SuperLiga.
 Alex Forsyth (born January 6 1955) is a former professional ice hockey forward. He was drafted in the first round 18th overall by the Washington Capitals in the 1975 NHL Entry Draft. He was also drafted by the San Diego Mariners (ninth round 122nd overall) of the World Hockey Association in the 1975 WHA Amateur Draft.Forsyth played just one game in the National Hockey League with the Capitals during the 1976–77 season.
 William 'Billy' Palmer (born 1888) was a professional association footballer who played for eight different clubs in over a seventeen-year span that was interrupted by the First World War.Originally from Barnsley Palmer joined his home town club in 1907 but left after less than a full season without having played any first team League games to join Mexborough in March 1908. Just three months later he joined First Division side Nottingham Forest with whom he made his Football League debut.
 Atep Ahmad Rizal (born 5 June 1985 in Cianjur West Java Indonesia) is an Indonesian footballer who currently play for Persib Bandung in the Indonesia Super League.
 Raymond Barry Bankote Ray Jones (28 August 1988 – 25 August 2007) was an English professional footballer who played for Queens Park Rangers as a striker until his death in 2007.
 Chad Cohn (born 1983) is an American Paralympic wheelchair rugby player from Tucson Arizona. In 2011 and 2012 he was a National champion and won a gold medal at both the 2009 American Zonals and the 2011 IWRF World Championships. He also won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and is a student at Pima Community College.
 Jimmy Hayes (born November 21 1989) is an American professional ice hockey player who is currently playing with the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League. He was selected by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 2nd round (60th overall) of the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
 Arnold Moon Sullivan (30 August 1878 – 27 June 1943) was an English cricketer. Sullivan was a right-handed batsman who occasionally fielded as a wicket-keeper. He was born at Kirkbymoorside Yorkshire.While studying at the University of Cambridge Sullivan made his first-class debut for Cambridge University against AJ Webbe's XI in 1899. He made eight further first-class appearances for the university the last of which came against the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1900.
 Dennis Dale Lewallyn (born August 11 1953 in Pensacola Florida) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Los Angeles Dodgers Texas Rangers and Cleveland Indians from 1975-1982.
 Antonio González Álvarez commonly known as Chuzo (born 28 January 1940) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender.
 Darren Manning (born 30 April 1975 in Knaresborough North Yorkshire England) is a motor racing driver most recently racing in the IRL IndyCar Series for Dreyer & Reinbold Racing.
 Robert Sycz (born 15 November 1973 in Warsaw) is a Polish rower and double Olympic Champion.Sycz started his rowing career with SWOS 2 (Szkolny Wojewódzki Ośrodek Sportowy nr 2) in Warsaw. He currently competes for RTW Bydgostia in Bydgoszcz. Together with Tomasz Kucharski Rober Sycz won two gold Olympic medals (in Sydney 2000 and in Athens 2004) in men's lightweight double sculls.
 Ernie Gonzalez (born February 19 1961) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour in the 1980s.Gonzalez was born in San Diego California. His father was of Mexican descent and his mother was Puerto Rican. He attended the United States International University where he played on the golf team. He turned professional in 1983. Gonzalez played full-time on the PGA Tour from 1985–1989.
 Holder Ocante da Silva (born 12 January 1988 in Bissau) is a Guinea-Bissauan sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres. He was born in Bissau. His personal best time is 10.36 seconds achieved in July 2009 in Lisbon.He competed at the 2007 World Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games without progressing to the second round.
 János Kovács (born 11 September 1985) is a Hungarian footballer who plays for Budapest Honvéd as a defender. He has played for MTK Bodajk Chesterfield York City Lincoln City Luton Town and Hereford United.
 Hayateumi Hidehito (born July 5 1975 as Naohito Saitō) is a former sumo wrestler from Aomori Japan. His highest rank was sekiwake.
 Roberto Eduardo Sosa (born 14 June 1935) is a Uruguayan football goalkeeper who played for Uruguay in the 1962 and 1966 FIFA World Cups. He also played for Club Nacional de Football.
 Terry Luther Long (July 21 1959 – June 7 2005) was an American college and professional football player who was an offensive lineman in the National Football League (NFL) for eight seasons during the 1980s and early 1990s. He played college football for East Carolina University and thereafter he played professionally for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the NFL.
 James F. Jim Rogers (April 9 1872 – January 21 1900) was an American Major League Baseball player and manager born in Hartford Connecticut. He was an infielder for two different Major League Baseball teams the 1896 Washington Senators and the 1896 – 1897 Louisville Colonels.
 Konstantin Volkov (born 7 February 1985) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who currently plays with UHC Dynamo in the Kontinental Hockey League. He was selected by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 4th round (125th overall) of the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
 Hua Wilfried Serge Koffi (born 12 October 1987) is an Ivorian athlete specializing in sprinting events. He won the bronze medal in 100 metres at the 2013 Summer Universiade.
 Adelaide Gehrig (June 11 1887 – March 5 1944) was an American fencer.Gehrig was the only woman in United States foil history to win four consecutive titles. She was born in 1887 in Newark New Jersey to German immigrants John Gehrig (a blacksmith) and Maria Gehrig née Lang. Representing the New York Turnverein Gehrig was AFLA Women's Foil Champion four years in a row (1920 to 1923) a feat unmatched by any other American woman.
 John James Gorman (7 April 1882 – unknown) was an English footballer who played for Stoke and Wolverhampton Wanderers.
 Thomas James Gugliotta (born December 19 1969) is a former American professional basketball player.
 Ivan Aleksandrovich Snezhko (Russian: Иван Александрович Снежко; born March 24 1988) is a Russian professional football player. In 2010 he played for FC Zelenograd in the Russian Second Division.
 Yevgeni Yevgenyevich Safonov (Russian: Евгений Евгеньевич Сафонов; born June 29 1984) is a Russian professional football player. He last played in the Russian Second Division for FC Rusichi Oryol.
 Patrick Paddy Butler was an early twentieth-century Irish soccer player who appears to have spent his entire career in the U.S. leagues. He was a member of the Bethlehem Steel F.C. teams which won the 1916 National Challenge Cup as well as the 1917 and 1919 American Cup Butler began his career on the front line playing both inside and outside forward on both sides of the field.
 Dean Robert Blackwell (born 5 December 1969) is an English former footballer who played as a defender. He appeared in the Premier League and the Football League for Wimbledon and the Football League for Plymouth Argyle and Brighton & Hove Albion. Blackwell made 233 League appearances scoring three goals and represented England at under-21 level.
 Cornelis Petrus Kees Pellenaars (10 May 1913 – 30 January 1988) was a Dutch road cyclist and coach. In 1934 he won the amateur road race at the world championships which was the first world road title for the Netherlands.
 Rafi Amit (Hebrew: רפי אמית‎) is an Israeli professional poker player from Holon.Amit has won two bracelets at the World Series of Poker the first in the 2005 Pot limit Omaha and the second in 2007 in the $1000 Deuce to Seven Triple Draw Lowball with rebuys event.As of 2009 his total live tournament winnings exceed $940000. His eight cashes at the WSOP account for $941988 of those winnings.
 Lúcio Rodrigues a.k.a. Lagarto (Lizard in Portuguese) is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu competitor/coach 3rd degree Black Belt under Carlos Gracie Jr.. He now lives and teaches in London United Kingdom.
 Idriss Saadi (Arabic: إدريس سعدي‎; born 8 February 1992 in Valence) is a French football player of Algerian descent who currently plays for French club Clermont Foot. He operates primarily in the lead striker role. Saadi is a French youth international and has represented his country at under-16 under-17 and under-18 level.
 Kang Gu-Nam (Hangul: 강구남; born 31 July 1987) is a South Korean football player who plays for Daejeon Citizen in the K-League.On 17 June 2011 his football career was rescinded by the Korea Professional Football League with other accomplices.
 Ioana Olteanu (born 25 February 1966 in Drăcșenei Teleorman) is a Romanian rower who has won three Olympic medals in the eights competition.
 Yacine Amaouche (born June 26 1979 in Amizour) is a footballer. He currently plays as a forward for MSP Batna in the Algerian league. Amaouche was a member of Algeria's squad at the 2000 African Cup of Nations but did not play any matches at the tournament. He scored one international goal which came against Uganda in 2002.
 Rodney Blake (born 29 April 1983 in Tonga) is a professional Australian rugby union footballer. He plays prop for the Melbourne Rebels. He previously played for Bayonne in France. He is sometimes referred to as Rodzilla. His father Paul is a former Otago flanker. In June 2006 Blake made his debut for the Wallabies.
 Mirtha Brock Forbes (born April 9 1970) is a retired female track and field athlete from Colombia who competed in the sprint events during her career.
 Roger Loysch (born 13 November 1951) is a former Belgian racing cyclist. He finished in last place in the 1977 Tour de France.
 Thomas Greiss (born January 29 1986) is a German professional ice hockey goaltender. He is currently playing for the Phoenix Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 John J. Dailey (1853 – ?) was an American professional baseball player. He was the regular shortstop for the 1875 Washington Nationals and he played two July games for the Brooklyn Atlantics after the Nationals went out of business.
 Adam Lawton (born 13 June 1993) is a rugby league player for Widnes Vikings in the European Super League.
 George Milton Roudebush (January 25 1894 – February 29 1992) was a professional football player with the Canton Bulldogs Cincinnati Celts of the Ohio League and the Dayton Triangles of the early National Football League. He was also a lawyer in Cleveland for 73 years.
 Eric Valent (born April 4 1977 in La Mirada California) is a former Major League Baseball player and current Minor League Baseball coach in the Philadelphia Phillies organization.
 Johnny Woodly Lambert (born July 27 1980) is a Costa Rican professional soccer player who last played for Chinese club Xinjiang Tianshan Leopard.
 Paul F. Barry (born August 7 1926 in El Paso Texas) is a former American football running back in the National Football League for the Los Angeles Rams Washington Redskins and Chicago Cardinals. He played college football at the University of Tulsa and was drafted in the thirteenth round of the 1949 NFL Draft.
 Anthony Michael Lenk (born December 5 1987 in Tarzana California) is an American boxer in the Welterweight division.
 Eddie Enright (born 1974 in Thurles County Tipperary) is a retired Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Thurles Sarsfields and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team in the 1990s and 2000s. He also won 3 Fitzgibbon Cup medals with UCC captaining the side in 1998. He is currently hurling with Watergrasshill GAA club in Cork.
 Jamie Harris (born 28 June 1979) is a Welsh professional footballer currently playing for Leinster Senior League side Glebe North F.C. Harris began his football career at hometown club Swansea City in 1996. He impressed in a trial game against Swindon Town and manager Jan Molby offered him a two-year contract; he later went out on loan to Merthyr Tydfil to gain some first-team experience. When his contract at Swansea expired he had short spells at Rhayader Town and Haverfordwest County.
 Daryl Szarenski (born March 14 1968) is an American sport shooter who competes in the men's 10 metre air pistol. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he finished 23rd in the qualifying round failing to make the cut for the final. He has also competed at the 2000 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.
 Pierre Vézina (born June 29 1885) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played with the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey Association in the 1911–12 season appearing in one game and going scoreless. He was the brother of Georges Vézina.
 Berkin Kamil Arslan (born 3 February 1992) is a Turkish footballer who currently plays as a winger for Şanlıurfaspor.In June 2007 he signed a three-year contract with Galatasaray which was later extended by another two years. After 78 matches for the reserve team he joined Kartalspor on loan in January 2012. His contract with Galatasaray expired in May 2012 and he joined Şanlıurfaspor.
 Gary Deegan (born 28 September 1987) is an Irish association footballer who plays for Northampton Town in League Two. He plays as a midfielder.Deegan has previously played for Shelbourne Kilkenny City Longford Town Galway United Bohemians and Coventry City.
 Khawaja Usman Shuja is a Pakistani-born American cricketer and the opening fast bowler for team USA. He represented USA in ICC Division 5 Division 4 and Division 3. He was the highest wicket taker for the USA in Italy in Div 4.He was selected for ICC's Division 5 dream team in 2008. He also participated in the World Cup T20 Qualifiers in the UAE in 2010 and 2012.
 William Bill Eckersley (16 July 1925 – 25 October 1982) was an English footballer. He played as a fullback spending his entire playing career at Blackburn Rovers.
 Monica Bandini (born November 16 1964) is a retired female racing cyclist from Italy. Her biggest achievement was winning the world title in the women's team time trial (1988) alongside Maria Canins Roberta Bonanomi and Francesca Galli.
 John Michael Prodger (born 1 September 1935) is a former English cricketer. He played in first-class and List A cricket for Kent between 1956 and 1967 as a right-handed middle-order batsman. He also played football as a goalkeeper.
 Joseph Carl Oeschger (May 24 1892 – July 28 1986) was an American pitcher in Major League Baseball who played 12 seasons from 1914 to 1925. After starting his career with the Philadelphia Phillies Oeschger was traded to the New York Giants. He was soon traded to the Boston Braves where he pitched his best seasons.Oeschger is best known for holding the MLB record for the most innings pitched in a single game (26).
 Lauren Barnes (born May 31 1989) is an American professional soccer defender. She currently plays for Seattle Reign FC in the NWSL and is a former member of the United States U-23 women's national soccer team and as a guest player for Melbourne Victory in the Australian W-League. She previously played for the Philadelphia Independence in the WPS.
 Keith Paul Narkle (born 20 November 1952) is a former Australian rules football player of indigenous background who played for the Swan Districts Football Club in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) during the 1970s and 1980s. Keith played in the 1982–83–84 premiership sides for Swans captaining them to the 1983 and 1984 premierships.Keith is the older brother of Phil Narkle who also played for Swan Districts Football Club.
 Manuel González Etura is a Spanish footballer who played for Athletic Bilbao in the 1950s and 60s.
 Norman Alexis McMillan (October 5 1895 in Latta South Carolina – September 28 1969 in Marion South Carolina) was a Major League Baseball third baseman. He played all or part of five seasons in the majors between 1922 and 1929 for the New York Yankees Boston Red Sox St. Louis Browns and Chicago Cubs.
 Tanielu Tani Fuga (born 14 July 1973) is a Samoan rugby union player. Born in Apia he was brought up by his grandparents Iosia and Salavao Fuga and they moved to Auckland in 1986 for him to study. He attended Waitakere College in Auckland and played for the Waitemata club. He played as hooker and after playing for Samoa in 1999 decided to move to the UK as one of his idols Keith Wood played there for Harlequins.
 Julie Elizabeth Higgins (née] Fowler) OAM (born 28 February 1958)is an Australian equestrian rider who won two gold medals at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney.
 Tom Mahony was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Dungourney and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1902 until 1907.
 Joshua Aaron Phegley (born February 12 1988) is an American professional baseball catcher for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball (MLB). He made his MLB debut in 2013.
 Jon Kwang-Ik (Chosŏn'gŭl: 전광익; born 5 April 1988) is a North Korean professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Amrokgang in the DPR Korea League.Jon has appeared for the Korea DPR national football team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying rounds 2011 Asian Cup and the 2012 AFC Challenge Cup. At a youth level he also played at the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship and the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
 Roy Präger (born 22 September 1971 in Zossen) is a German former football player.
 José Manuel Monteiro da Veiga (born 18 December 1976) is a Cape Verdean footballer who plays for Worcester City on loan from Tamworth as a goalkeeper. He competed professionally in the second divisions of Portugal and Spain also appearing for several teams in the lower leagues of England.Born in Portugal Veiga played for the Cape Verde national team.
 Caleb Jeffrey Hanie (born September 11 1985) is an American football quarterback for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Colorado State.
 Eufemio Abreu (born 1901 – death date unknown) was a Cuban baseball catcher in Negro league baseball. He played from 1919 to 1925 with the Cuban Stars (West) and the Indianapolis ABCs.
 Shane Valenti (born 29 January 1987) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL) and currently plays for Port Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).Valenti was selected with the 51st selection in the 2007 NAB AFL Rookie Draft which was Melbourne's final draft selection for that season.
 Michael Olowokandi (born April 3 1975) is a retired professional basketball player. Born in Nigeria he attended college on a basketball scholarship in the United States and was the number one pick in the 1998 NBA draft where he was selected as a center by the Los Angeles Clippers in 1998. He played professionally until 2007. Regarded as one of the greatest draft busts Olowokandi's skills never translated to the NBA and his career was marred by injury and inconsistency.
 For the curler see Susan Seitz
 Paenui Fagota (born 28 August 1978) is a Tuvaluan footballer who played for Lakena United between 2003 and 2007.
 Marco Valtulina (born 3 March 1988) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for his hometown club Calcio Lecco 1912.
 Željko Kuzmić (Serbian Cyrillic: Жељкo Kузмић born 2 November 1984 in Arandjelovac) is a Serbian professional football goalkeeper.He had previously played for the Serbian Superliga club FK Smederevo along with the clubs Saint-George SA in Ethiopia and with FK Velež Mostar in Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Danilo Cirqueira (born February 2 1992 in Santa Fé do Araguaia) is a Brazilian football left back who currently plays for Santa Cruz Futebol Clube.
 Oksana Ryabinicheva is a Russian football defender currently playing for Energiya Voronezh in the Russian Championship. She is a member of the Russian national team.
 Rubén Luna (born February 10 1992 in Ciudad Victoria) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays for Atlanta Silverbacks in the North American Soccer League.
 Weldon Henley (October 25 1880 in Jasper Georgia – November 16 1960 in Palatka Florida) was a Major League Baseball pitcher from 1903 to 1907. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics and Brooklyn Dodgers.Henley made his major league debut on April 23 1903. He pitched a no-hitter against the St. Louis Browns in the first game of a doubleheader on July 22 1905.Henley was the first Georgia Tech alumnus to play in the Majors. His fraternity was Sigma Nu.
 Charles Augustus Stevens Jr. (born July 10 1918) is a former first baseman in Major League Baseball who played for the St. Louis Browns in parts of three seasons (1941 1946 1948). Listed at 6' 1 180 lb. Stevens was a switch-hitter and threw left-handed. He was born in Van Houten New Mexico.
 William Lloyd Budd was a first class cricketer and umpire. Born in Hampshire on 25 October 1913 he played 60 first-class games for his native county as a right arm fast medium bowler and right-handed lower order batsman from 1934 to 1946. He took 64 wickets and scored 941 runs. He turned to umpiring after his playing days and stood in 4 home Test matches and 12 home One Day Internationals.
 Paulo Vítor Barreto de Souza or simply Barreto (born on 12 July 1985) is a Brazilian professional footballer currently playing for Italian club Torino.
 James Louis Merlo (born October 3 1951 in Sanger California) was an American football linebacker who played seven seasons in the National Football League. He played college football at Stanford University.
 Frederick William Lillywhite (13 June 1792 – 21 August 1854) was an English cricketer during the game's roundarm era. One of the main protagonists in the legalisation of roundarm he was one of most successful bowlers of his era.
 Dawda Bah (born 12 November 1983 in Banjul Gambia) is a football player from Gambia who plays for Kuopion Palloseura in Finland . He usually plays as a winger.
 Neil Dombrowski (born March 19 1984 in West Allis Wisconsin) is an American soccer player who last played for the Portland Timbers of the USL First Division.
 Lutimar Abreu Paes (born 12 December 1988 in Cruz Alta Rio Grande do Sul) is a Brazilian middle-distance runner specialising in the 800 metres. He represented his country at the 2011 World Championships without qualifying for the final.His personal best in the event is 1:45.32 set in Belém in 2011.
 David James Jim Psaltis (born December 14 1927) is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League. He played professionally for the Chicago Cardinals and the Green Bay Packers.
 Ryota Isomura (磯村 亮太 born 16 March 1991) is a Japanese football player.
 Ruben Garcia (born April 1 1946) is an American NASCAR racer from South El Monte California. He started out in the Winston West Series. He is best remembered for hitting the wall at the Riverside International Raceway on June 12 1988 when he came off turn 9 and hit the wall near the grandstands. He wasn't injured but did not race in the Winston West again.
 José Sebastián Vásquez (born on September 24 1982) is an Argentine footballer that currently plays for Persijap Jepara in the Indonesia Premier League.
 Aleksei Olegovich Kiryushin (Russian: Алексей Олегович Кирюшин; born November 16 1988) is a Russian football defender who currently playing for FC Biolog-Novokubansk Progress.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Krasnodar-2000 in 2006.
 Martin Braithwaite Christensen (born 5 June 1991) is a Danish footballer who plays as a forward for the French Ligue 1 side Toulouse FC and the Danish national team. Braithwaite is of Guyanese descent.
 Benjamin Ryder Youngs (born 5 September 1989) is an English rugby union player who plays as a scrum-half for Leicester Tigers and England.
 Dalibor Pauletić (born 27 October 1978) is a Croatian football defender currently playing for Prva HNL side NK Istra 1961 where he is a captain.
 Hazem Emam (born May 10 1975) is a retired Egyptian footballer. He spent most of his career as an attacking midfielder for Zamalek SC. Hazem is one of the most talented players in the history of Egyptian football[citation needed] and one of the most popular players ever in the Middle East.[citation needed]
 Robert Henry Farmer Ray (September 17 1886 to March 11 1963) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Ray played for the St. Louis Browns in the 1910 season. In 21 career games he had a 4-10 record with a 3.58 ERA. He batted left and threw right-handed. Ray was born in Fort Lyon Colorado and died in Electra Texas.
 Steven Emmanuel Godfroid Kunduma (born 16 March 1990) is a Rwandan international footballer who plays for Belgian club Saint-Gilloise as a midfielder.
 Romone Alexander Aldolphus Rose (born 19 January 1990) is an English footballer who plays for Eastleigh.
 Henry Richard Kirby (19 March 1889 – 20 July 1976) was an English cricketer. Kirby's batting style is unknown. He was born at Patrixbourne Kent and was educated at Malvern College.Kirby made a single first-class appearance for Sussex against Cambridge at Fenner's in 1911. Sussex won the toss and elected to bat making 405 all out with Kirby scoring 7 runs before he was dismissed by Norman Holloway. Cambridge University responded in their first-innings by making 247 all out.
 Anne Mette Hansen (born 25 August 1994) is a Danish team handball player. She plays for the club Ajax Heroes and on the Danish national team. She represented Denmark at the 2013 World Women's Handball Championship in Serbia.
 Sebastian Kraupp (born May 20 1985) is a Swedish curler from Karlstad Sweden.From 2005 to 2008 Sebastian Kraupp skipped his own team. Starting with the 2008–2009 season he joined Niklas Edin's team throwing Third stones.Team Edin first achieved widespread attention at the 2009 Aberdeen European Championships where they stunned the curling competition by finishing second after the round robin tournament with a 7 – 2 record.
 Maria Rebelo (divorced Rebelo-Lelut; born January 29 1956 in Ílhavo Baixo Vouga Portugal) is a retired female long-distance runner from France. She set her personal best (2:29:04) in the marathon in 1991.
 Joe Cullen (born 13 July 1989) is an English darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
 Daniel Rocco (born 26 February 1983) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays for the Melbourne Knights in the Victorian Premier League. Rocco started his career in the youth system of Melbourne knights before progressing to the senior side during their years in the now defunct National Soccer League. He had stints with Sunshine George Cross and Fawkner Blues before returning to Melbourne Knights in 2010.
 Martin Kulha (born August 7 1976) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who currently plays with HK SKP Poprad in the Slovak Extraliga.Kulha had previously played with HC Slovan Bratislava.
 Pablo Brenes (born 4 August 1982) is a Costa Rican soccer player.Brenes' first team in MLS was the MetroStars whom he joined from Municipal Pérez Zeledón in Costa Rica signing with the team on June 4 2004. He finished the year with no goals or assists in 14 games. Brenes was then taken by Real Salt Lake in the 2004 MLS Expansion Draft but never played a game with the team.
 Jovica Jovo Simanić (Serbian Cyrillic: Joвицa Joвo Cимaнић; born 8 August 1965 in Zrenjanin) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a central defender.
 Miloš Mijalković (born March 8 1978 in Belgrade) is a Serbian judoka. He participated at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
 Elmeri Eronen (born January 27 1995) is a Finnish ice hockey defenceman. He is currently playing with HC TPS in the Finnish Liiga. Eronen made his Liiga debut playing with HC TPS during the 2013–14 Liiga season.
 Gabrielle Gabi Lemos Garcia is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) competitor. She trains in São Paulo with Fabio Gurgel at the Alliance team where she has achieved two ADCC championships and eight world Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu championships.
 Roman Wick (born December 30 1985) Swiss professional ice hockey player. Wick currently plays for the ZSC Lions of the Swiss National League A (NLA). Wick previously played for the Kloten Flyers and for the organization of the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted in the fifth round (156th overall) of the 2004 NHL Entry Draft by the Senators who signed him to a one-year contract in 2010.
 Anatol Karp (Belarusian: Анатоль Карп; Russian: Анатолий Карп; born 2 October 1992) is a Belarusian professional football player currently playing for Zvezda-BGU Minsk.
 Lee Cross Rinker (born November 10 1960) is an American professional golfer. Rinker was born in Stuart Florida. He played college golf at the University of Alabama and turned professional in 1983Rinker joined the PGA Tour in 1983 but struggled to keep his card. His best year came in 1997 when he finished second twice and made nearly $500000. However his struggles continued and he has not made a cut on the PGA Tour since 1999. He has played on the Nationwide Tour for many years.
 Oliver Anthony Turton (born 6 December 1992 in Manchester) is an English footballer playing as a Midfielder for Crewe Alexandra in Football League One.
 Michael Andrew Fisher (born June 5 1980) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently a member of the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL). Fisher previously played in the NHL with the Ottawa Senators. He is married to American country music superstar Carrie Underwood.
 Dimitar Grabchev (Bulgarian: Димитър Грабчев; born 10 May 1990) is a Bulgarian footballer. He currently plays as a goalkeeper for Svilengrad 1921. His first club was Maritsa Plovdiv.
 Jack Young (born 14 August 1908) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
 Clarence James Peck Griffin (born January 19 1888 in San Francisco California – died March 28 1973) was an American tennis player.
 Rasmus Rissanen (born July 13 1991) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman. He is currently playing with the Charlotte Checkers of the American Hockey League (AHL).
 Walter Steiner (born February 15 1951) is a former Swiss ski jumper who was active in the 1970s. Steiner earned a ski jumping silver medal in the Individual large hill at the 1972 Winter Olympics. He also won the ski jumping competition at the Holmenkollen ski festival in 1974 and won the Ski-flying World Championships in 1972 and 1977. Steiner was awarded the Holmenkollen medal in 1977 (shared with Helena Takalo and Hilkka Kuntola).
 Johannes Birk (September 5 1893 – February 18 1961) was a Danish gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.He was part of the Danish team which was able to win the silver medal in the gymnastics men's team Swedish system event in 1920.
 Brian Pilkington (born 12 February 1933) is an English former professional footballer who played as a left winger.During his career Pilkington played for Burnley Bolton Wanderers Bury Barrow and Chorley. He won one England cap whilst at Burnley on 2 October 1954 in a 2-0 victory over Northern Ireland. He was also capped twice for England B scoring once.
 Magdalena Sroczyńska (born 28 May 1982) is a Polish former competitive pair skater who competed with Sławomir Borowiecki. The pair skated together in the mid-1990s and placed 14th at the 1996 Europeans.
 Frank Mount (17 March 1903 - 30 September 1989) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
 Sofi Flinck (born 8 July 1995) is a Swedish athlete who has the Swedish national record for javelin throwing a record she got when she broke her previous set record with more than three metres at the 2012 World Junior Championships in Athletics on July 11 with 61.40. The throw also gave her a gold medal at the championships. In 2013 Flinck won the gold medal at the European Junior Championships after throwing only one centimetre longer than the second Christin Hussong.
 Paulo Manuel Banha Torres (born 25 November 1971 in Évora) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a left defender.
 Nouria Merah-Benida (Arabic: نورية مراح بنيدة‎) (born October 19 1970 in Algiers) is a former Algerian middle distance runner.At the 1999 All-Africa Games in Johannesburg Merah-Benida won silver medals in both 800 metres and 1500 metres. At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney she won a somewhat surprising gold medal ahead of Romanians Violeta Szekely (silver) and Gabriela Szabo (bronze). The same year she won an 800 m silver medal and a 1500 m gold medal at the African Championships.
 Haytham Tambal (born November 28 1978 in Sudan) is a Sudanese football striker currently playing for Al-Merrikh. He is the all-time Sudan national football team top scorer. In 2008 in the Sudanese league he scored 21 goals in 20 games; he is dangerous in front of goal. He used to play rivals al hilal and in 2006 he went to South African outfit orlando pirates which he played 1 appearance only. In 2007 he went African giants al merrikh which is in the team currently now.
 Adriano Alves dos Santos (born July 1 1985 in Brazil) is a Brazilian football player who currently plays for Oeste.
 Marcel Sabou (born 22 August 1965 in Timişoara) is a retired Romanian football player who played for amongst others Romanian side Dinamo Bucureşti Spanish sides CD Tenerife Racing Santander and Sporting de Gijón and Portuguese side Desportivo Chaves.
 Matthew Daniels (born September 27 1989) is an American football safety for the St. Louis Rams of the National Football League. He was signed by the Rams as an undrafted free agent in 2012. He played college football for Duke University.
 Washington Luiz Mascarenhas Silva or simply Washington (born August 23 1978 in São José dos Campos) is a Brazilian striker who was the top striker in Copa Libertadores 2006 playing for Palmeiras scoing five goals.
 Chauncey O'Toole (born 22 February 1986 in Saint John New Brunswick) is a Canadian rugby union player. O'Toole can play any position across the back-row but his preferred position is at openside flanker. O'Toole made his debut for the Canadian national men's team against Ireland on May 23 2009.Chauncey O'Toole was raised in Belleisle New-Brunswick. He attended Belleisle Regional High School where he played rugby for the school team.
 Frank Oliver Howard (born August 8 1936) nicknamed Hondo The Washington Monument and The Capital Punisher is a former left and right fielder coach and manager in Major League Baseball who played most of his career for the Los Angeles Dodgers and Washington Senators/Texas Rangers.
 Leslie Les 'Juicy' Adams (birth registered October→December 1909 — 31 January 1945 (aged 35)) birth registered in Leeds district was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s and '40s playing at representative level for Great Britain England and Yorkshire and at club level for Leeds (twice) Huddersfield and Castleford as a Scrum-half/Halfback i.e. number 7 he died in Burma.
 Wendy Gebauer Palladino (born December 25 1966) née Wendy Gebauer is an American retired soccer forward and former member of the United States women's national soccer team. Considered a pioneer of women's soccer in the United States Gebauer played on the 1991 United States women's national soccer team that won the first Women's World Cup in China. She was inducted into the Virginia-DC Soccer Hall of Fame in 2009.
 Jamie Munro is a retired Venezuelan-American soccer player. He played professionally in the USL A-League.Born in Venezuela Munro grew up in California. He attended the University of San Diego where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1994 to 1997. He graduated with a bachelor’s degree in finance. In 1998 the San Diego Flash selected Munro in the Territorial Round of the USL A-League draft.
 Dejan Pešić (Serbian Cyrillic: Дejaн Пeшић ; born December 16 1976 in Vlasotince) is a Serbian football goalkeeper who plays for Völsungur in the Icelandic League 2.
 György Raffa (born May 16 1938) is a former Hungarian ice hockey player. He played for the Hungary men's national ice hockey team at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.
 Roderick Gielisse (born 4 February 1990) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays for Sparta Rotterdam in the Dutch Eerste Divisie. He formerly played for ADO Den Haag and FC Dordrecht.
 Keyonta D. Marshall (born August 13 1981 in Saginaw Michigan) is an American football defensive lineman in the National Football League. The Philadelphia Eagles signed him out of Grand Valley State University. Marshall appeared in one game for the Eagles in 2005 but the team cut him prior to the start of the 2006 season. On November 8 2006 the New York Jets signed Marshall to their Practice Squad.
 Ronalds Ķēniņš (born February 28 1991) is a Latvian professional ice hockey forward who is currently a member of the Vancouver Canucks organization in the NHL. He was signed by the team on July 30 2013. He previously played for the ZSC Lions in the NLA.Kenins competed in the 2010 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships and the following year participated at the 2011 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Latvia men's national ice hockey team.
 Levent Gülen (born 16 March 1994) is a Turkish-Swiss footballer who plays as a defender for Kayserispor on loan from Grasshopper Club Zürich. He made his Süper Lig debut on 15 February 2014.
 Edward Francis (Eddie) Charlton AM (31 October 1929 – 7 November 2004) was an Australian professional snooker and English billiards player. He remains the only player to have been world championship runner-up in both snooker and billiards without winning either title. He later became a successful marketeer of sporting goods launching a popular brand of billiard room equipment bearing his name. Unknown to most Eddie was also a tremendous swimmer.
 Forrest Docenus Woody Jensen (August 11 1907 – October 5 2001) played professional baseball from 1931 to 1939 as an outfielder. His record of 696 at bats in 1936 was not broken until Matty Alou broke it in 1969. Jensen played all of his career with the Pittsburgh Pirates. Jensen's career batting average was .285.
 Ern Cowley (born 17 August 1892) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL). Cowley came to Carlton from Brunswick and had a strong debut season kicking 35 goals to top the VFL's goalkicking. He played just one more year with Carlton before returning to the VFA where he joined Prahran.
 Tewa Promma is a Thai footballer. He currently plays for Thai Division 1 League clubside Suphanburi.
 Robert David Montgomerie (born 26 September 1937) is a former English cricketer. Montgomerie was a right-handed batsman who bowled leg break. He was born in Watford Hertfordshire.Montgomerie made his debut for Hertfordshire in the 1956 Minor Counties Championship making 2 appearances against Buckinghamshire and Cambridgeshire. These were his only appearances for his home county. In 1960 he made his only first-class appearance for the Free Foresters against Oxford University.
 Jayice Pearson (born August 17 1963) is an American retired National Football League defensive back.
 Claire Grogan is a camogie player winner of three All-Star awards in 2004 2005 and 2007 and a Lynchpin award predecessor of the All Star awards in 2003. She was short-listed for further All-Star awards in 2004 2006 2008 and 2009.
 Charles Chad Kackert (born September 15 1986 in Simi Valley California) is an American and Canadian football running back currently playing for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.
 Tiago full name Tiago dos Santos Roberto (born 21 March 1984) is a Brazilian footballer.
 Festus Agu (born 13 March 1975) is a Nigerian retired footballer who played as a striker.
 Joseph Joey Magliano (July 1969 – October 15 2006) was an American professional wrestler better known by his ring name Jumping Joey Maggs. Maggs is best known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling from 1991 to 1998.
 Arvin Slagter (born September 19 1985) is an Dutch professional basketball player who currently plays for GasTerra Flames in the Dutch Basketball League. Slagter also played for several other Dutch teams in his career. Slagter usually plays the point guard or shooting guard position and is also a member of the Dutch national basketball team since 2006.
 Dennis Praet (born 14 May 1994) is a Belgian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Anderlecht in the Belgian Pro League.
 Herbert Richter (born 26 April 1947) is a retired East German track cyclist. He had his best achievements in the 4000 m team pursuit event winning silver medals at the world championships in 1970 and 1971 and at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
 Thoralf Peters (born 13 January 1968 in Güstrow) is a German rower.
 Peter Jeofry Searle Courtenay (11 March 1914 – 7 April 1959) played first-class cricket for Somerset in two matches in the 1934 season. He was born at Weymouth in Dorset and died at Broadstone also in Dorset.
 Taukolo Tonga is a Tongan rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.
 Gina Loren Lewandowski (born 13 April 1985 in Coopersburg Pennsylvania) is an American soccer player and biology major she plays as a defender for Bayern Munich.
 Hugo Weczerek (born 17 December 1909) was an Austrian fencer. He competed in the team épée and sabre events at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
 Walter Henry Wally Kopf (July 10 1899 – April 30 1979) was a German American professional baseball player whose career spanned two seasons which included one in Major League Baseball (MLB) with the New York Giants (1921). He played only two games making his debut on October 1 1921 and his final appearance the next day. In those games he played third base compiling one hit in three at bats.
 Elisa Togut (born May 14 1978 in Gorizia) is an Italian volleyball player who represented Italy at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney Australia. There she ended up in ninth place with the Women's National Team. Two years later at the World Championship in Germany she claimed the gold medal and was named Most Valuable Player of the tournament.
 Jozef Kožlej (born 8 July 1973) is a retired Slovak international professional footballer who played for clubs in Czechoslovakia Germany Greece and Cyprus.
 Niels Ellwanger (born December 5 1965) is a West German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s. At the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul he finished fourth in the K-2 1000 m event.
 Aang Suparman is an Indonesian footballer who plays for Persib Bandung in Indonesia Super League.
 Stewart Hutton (born 13 November 1969) is a former English cricketer. Hutton was a left-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born at Stockton-on-Tees County Durham.Hutton made his debut for Durham in the 1991 Minor Counties Championship playing in three matches in the competition against Northumberland Norfolk and Suffolk. He recorded two half centuries in these matches.
 Jonathan Casillas (born June 3 1987) is an American football linebacker of Afro-Puerto Rican descent who currently plays for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League. He played high school football at New Brunswick High School and college football at Wisconsin.
 Frank Dietrich (born 2 December 1959 in West Berlin) is a retired German footballer.Dietrich made a total of 50 appearances in the 2. Bundesliga during the 1980s for VfL Osnabrück Tennis Borussia Berlin and Hertha BSC.
 Leandro Assumpção (born on February 3 1986) is a Brazilian footballer that currently plays for Chiangrai United in the Thai Premier League.
 Michael Mick Sydney Doohan AM (born (1965-06-04)4 June 1965 in Brisbane Australia) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racing World Champion who won five consecutive 500 cc World Championships. Only Giacomo Agostini with eight (seven consecutive) and Valentino Rossi with seven (five consecutive) have won more premier class titles.
 Serhat Koç (born 18 July 1990 in Eindhoven) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for Jupiler League side Helmond Sport.Koç made his first first team appearance on January 11 2008 against FC Volendam.On 10 December 2008 he agreed on a transfer to FC Groningen. He joined his new club in July 2009. From August 2010 he played on loan for first division club SC Cambuur until January 2011. From then he joined FC Eindhoven on loan until the end of the season.
 Carin Anuschka ter Beek (born 29 December 1970 in Groningen) is a retired rower from the Netherlands. She won a silver medal in the women's eight with coxswain in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney Australia.
 Byron Dafoe (born February 25 1971) is a British-Canadian former National Hockey League goaltender. He was born in Worthing England United Kingdom and moved to Comox British Columbia with his mother at the age of two months old. Between 1992 and 2004 he played for the Boston Bruins Washington Capitals Los Angeles Kings and Atlanta Thrashers.
 George Edward Live Oak Taylor (February 3 1851 – February 19 1888) was an American professional baseball outfielder. Most famous for serving as a substitute with the 1869 Cincinnati Red Stockings baseball's first all-professional team on their west coast road trip in the latter half of that season he later went on to play three seasons in Major League Baseball.
 Lander McCoy Bacon (August 30 1942 – December 22 2008) was a professional American football defensive lineman in the National Football League. He was selected to three Pro Bowls during his 14-year career. While Quarterback sacks were not an official statistic during his career researchers credit Bacon with a career total of 130.
 Lance Andrew Moore (born August 31 1983) is an American football wide receiver for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Toledo. He was signed by the Cleveland Browns as an undrafted free agent in 2005. He joined the New Orleans Saints in 2006 and played with them for eight seasons. He was a member of the 2009 Super Bowl championship team.
 Edgars Jeromanovs (born April 18 1986) is a professional Latvian basketball player who plays the point guard position. He is currently playing for a Swedish club the Norrköping Dolphins.He has represented the Latvian national team in EuroBasket 2011.
 José Luis García del Pozo (born 11 January 1991 Málaga Andalusia) commonly known as Recio is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Granada CF on loan from Málaga CF as a central midfielder.
 Timm van der Gugten (born 25 February 1991 in Sydney) is a Dutch Australian cricketer who currently plays for the Tasmania cricket team.
 Eva Russo (born 2 September 1966) is an Italian former international football goalkeeper.Russo had 57 caps for the Italy women's national football team in December 1989 when she failed a drugs test ahead of a match with Switzerland and received a six-month suspension.While playing for Lazio she was engaged to the male Lazio footballer Francesco Dell'Anno. The engagement broke off after four years. Russo also worked as an actress.
 Fabricio Coloccini (locally: [faˈβɾisjo koloˈt͡ʃini]; Italian: [kolotˈt͡ʃini]; born 22 January 1982) is an Argentine footballer who plays for and captains Premier League club Newcastle United as a defender. He plays for Argentina at international level. At the age of 31 Coloccini has already represented numerous football clubs however it was his successful spell at Deportivo La Coruña where he earned his reputation as a top-level defender.
 Glen Gulutzan (born August 12 1971) is a Canadian ice hockey coach and former player. He is currently an assistant coach of the NHL's Vancouver Canucks
 Charles Danforth Cusi Charley Pettys (born April 25 1990) is an American-born Filipino footballer who plays as a right back for Global FC and the Philippines national team. Born in Columbus Ohio to an American father and Filipino mother he began his professional career with the LA Blues of the USL Pro League in 2013. In January 2014 he joined Filipino side Global FC a first division team in the UFL and the Philippine National team.
 Viktoria Schnaderbeck is an Austrian football midfielder currently playing for Bayern Munich in the German Bundesliga. She is a member of the Austrian national team. Her cousin Sebastian Prödl is also a footballer who plays for SV Werder Bremen.
 Maxim Soloviev (born 20 February 1979) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays with UHC Dynamo in the Kontinental Hockey League.
 Barry Strange was an Australian rules footballer who played for New Town later Glenorchy in the Tasmanian Australian National Football League (TANFL). He is a member of the Tasmanian Football Hall of Fame after being inducted in 2005 and is a centre half back in Glenorchy's official 'Team of the Century'.It was at centre half back that Strange played most of his football and he began his career at New Town in 1952.
 Juan Miguel Jiménez López (born 20 May 1993) commonly known as Juanmi is a Spanish footballer who plays for Málaga CF as a forward.
 King Solomon White (June 12 1868 - August 26 1955) was an American professional baseball infielder manager and executive and one of the pioneers of the Negro leagues. An active sportswriter for many years he wrote the first definitive history of black baseball in 1907. He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2006.
 Allie Thunstrom (born April 20 1988) has been a member of the United States national women's ice hockey team since 2010. She won a silver medal at the 2010 Four Nations Cup contested in St. John's Newfoundland. She plays also for Minnesota Whitecaps a professional women's ice hockey team in the Western Women's Hockey League (WWHL).
 Michael Allan Ribers (born May 19 1981) is a Danish professional football defender who currently is unattached.Ribers was called up for the league national team which will play a number of unofficial national team games in the United States El Salvador and Honduras in January 2007 by national team manager Morten Olsen. He played the first game of the tour; a 3–1 defeat to the United States national team in Los Angeles California.
 Kerry Michael Collins (born December 30 1972) is a former American football quarterback who played sixteen seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Penn State University and earned All-American honors. He was drafted by the Carolina Panthers with the fifth overall pick of the 1995 NFL Draft the first choice in the franchise's history.
 Marcus (Marc) Johannes Elisabeth Leopold Delissen (born 14 January 1965 in Amsterdam Noord-Holland) played field hockey for The Netherlands.Delissen played 261 international matches for The Netherlands scored 98 goals and participated in three Olympics. He made his debut when he was nineteen years old on 21 October 1984 in a friendly match against Ireland in London. With his club HGC from Wassenaar Delissen became Dutch champion twice in 1990 and 1996.
 Marat Soslanovich Tsallagov (Russian: Марат Сосланович Цаллагов; born 23 March 1982) is a Russian footballer who plays defender. He plays for FC Mostovik-Primorye Ussuriysk.
 Harjeet Brar Bajakhana (September 5 1971 – April 16 1998) was a professional kabaddi player. He was a Raider in circle style kabaddi. Harjeet Brar was born in Bajakhana village in Faridkot Punjab. His life ended short when killed in a motor vehicle accident.
 Balázs Rabóczki (born 9 January 1978) is a Hungarian football player. During his career he has been goalkeeper position. In the summer of 2009 Rabóczki ended his career.
 Rick ten Voorde (born 20 June 1991 in Emmen) is a Dutch footballer currently playing as a striker in the 2. Bundesliga for SC Paderborn 07.
 Jock Climie is a Canadian retired Canadian Football League player who played the slotback position primarily with the Toronto Argonauts Ottawa Rough Riders and Montreal Alouettes. He is currently a sportscaster with Canadian sports television channel TSN as part of the CFL on TSN studio panel during the CFL season. Climie is also a labour and employment lawyer at the Ottawa law firm of Emond Harnden.
 Roberto Bordin (born 10 January 1965 in Zawiya Libya) is a retired Italian footballer.Bordin began his career in the lower leagues playing for Sanremese Taranto and Parma before joining Cesena with whom he won promotion to Serie A in 1987. He later played for Atalanta Napoli and Piacenza in Serie A before moving to the lower leagues to join Triestina.
 Colin Kenneth Beashel born 21 November 1959 in Sydney is an Australian sailor who crewed on the winning America's Cup team Australia II in 1983 and competed at six Olympics between 1984 and 2004 winning bronze in 1996.He is jointly with Brazilian Torben Grael the eighth sailor to compete at six Olympics.He competed at the Olympics in the two person keelboat with Richard Coxon in 1984 Gregory Torpy in 1988 and David Giles from 1992 to 2004.
 Mario Marois (born December 15 1957) is a retired Canadian ice hockey defenceman.Marois started his National Hockey League career with the New York Rangers in 1978. He also played for the Vancouver Canucks Quebec Nordiques St. Louis Blues and Winnipeg Jets. He left the NHL after the 1992 season. He served one season as a player-assistant coach of the Hamilton Canucks of the AHL in 1992–93 before retiring as a player. He was most recently an amateur scout with the Carolina Hurricanes.
 Pedro Massacessi (born January 9 1966) is a former Argentine football player.
 Fukunohana Koichi (born 1 July 1940 as Koichi Fukushima) is a former sumo wrestler from Kōshi Kumamoto Japan. He made his professional debut in January 1958 and reached the top division in September 1965. His highest rank was sekiwake. He retired in November 1975.
 Vincent William Vince Heinrich (born 12 February 1934) was a rugby union player who represented Australia. His brother Ted was also an Australian rugby union representative player.Heinrich a flanker was born in Sydney New South Wales and claimed a total of 2 international rugby caps for Australia.
 Horst Haug (born 12 May 1946) is a retired German football player. He spent six seasons in the Bundesliga with VfB Stuttgart. The best league finish he achieved was fifth place.
 Eddie Weichers has been the head boxing coach at the United States Air Force Academy since 1976 and has led the Academy's boxing team to 18 national collegiate boxing championships.As a collegian Coach Weichers left football to take up boxing. He eventually won the 190-pound championship for West Chester University in 1973. He started as an assistant coach at his alma mater when in 1976 was offered the coaching job at the Air Force Academy.
 Romaine Theodore Sawyers (born 2 November 1991) is a professional footballer who plays for Walsall as a midfielder.A West Bromwich Albion academy graduate he had brief spells on loan at Port Vale Shrewsbury Town and Walsall. He signed with Walsall in July 2013 following his release from West Brom.
 David Williams (born 4 November 1963) is a former West Indian cricketer who played in 11 Tests and 36 ODIs from 1988 to 1998.A diminutive man at 5 foot 4 Williams struggled to grab Jeff Dujon's place in the international side not least because of his inability to contribute the weight of runs Dujon managed.
 André Pilette (6 October 1918 in Paris France – 27 December 1993 in Etterbeek Belgium ) son of former Indy 500 participant Théodore Pilette was a racing driver from Belgium. He participated in 14 Formula One World Championship Grands Prix debuting on 17 June 1951. He scored 2 championship points. His son Teddy Pilette also became a racing driver although his F1 career in the mid-1970s was much briefer.
 Timothy Cathalina (born 24 January 1985) is a professional footballer from Curaçao who plays as a right back for SV Spakenburg.
 Philip John Phil Blakeway (born 31 December 1950) is a former England international rugby union player. He toured South Africa in 1980 with the British and Irish Lions and at the time played club rugby for Gloucester Rugby.
 Michael Anthony Farmer (born July 3 1968 in Gary Indiana) is a former Major League Baseball left-handed pitcher. He is an alumnus of Jackson State University.Signed by the Philadelphia Phillies as an amateur free agent in 1989 Farmer would make his Major League Baseball debut with the Colorado Rockies on May 4 1996 and appeared in his final game on June 8 1996.
 Eric Arthur Percy Cockroft (10 September 1890 – 2 April 1973) was a New Zealand rugby union player. A wing and full-back Cockroft represented Otago and South Canterbury at a provincial level and was a member of the New Zealand national side the All Blacks in 1913 and 1914. He played seven matches for the All Blacks including three internationals.
 Mirsad Huseinovic (born November 26 1968 in Plav SR Montenegro SFR Yugoslavia) is a U.S. soccer player. He spent one season in the American Professional Soccer League and one game Major League Soccer. He also earned one cap with the U.S. national team.
 Kevin William Pilkington (born 8 March 1974) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for League One side Notts County where he also acts as the club's goalkeeping coach.As a player noted for his shot stopping abilities Pilkington played Premier League football for Manchester United before dropping down to the Football League where he played in nearly 350 games in his time at Mansfield Town and Notts County helping Mansfield win promotion out of the Third Division in 2001–02. 
 Gaby Jallo (born 1 January 1989 in Al-Qamishli) is an Aramean Dutch footballer. He currently plays for the Dutch Eerste Divisie side Willem II. He previously played in the youth of FC Twente and Heracles Almelo.
 Bobby Lee Johnson (born December 14 1961) is a former professional American football wide receiver in the National Football League for three seasons for the New York Giants. He played college football at the University of Kansas. He is best known as the receiver who caught Phil Simms' 4th and 17 pass in Minnesota in week 12 of the 1986 season. It is the play that many football historians feel turned the tide of the Giants championship run.
 Michal Klasa (born 19 December 1953) is a retired cyclist from Czechoslovakia. He competed in four events in total at the 1976 and 1980 Summer Olympics. In 1976 he finished in eights and fifth place in the 4000 m individual and team pursuit respectively. In 1980 he won a bronze medal in the 100 km time trial but failed to finish the individual road race.
 Andre Fili (born June 25 1990) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Featherweight division. He is currently signed with the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).
 Asier Illarramendi Andonegi (born 8 March 1990) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Madrid as a defensive midfielder.
 Mahamet Diagouraga (born 8 January 1984 in Corbeil-Essonnes Essonne) is a French-born Malian footballer who last played for Modena.
 Francisco Diego Maciel (born September 17 1977 in Buenos Aires) is a retired Argentine football who played as a right back.Maciel made his debut in the Argentine Primera with Deportivo Español on December 8 1996 against Rosario Central. In 1998 he was signed by Club Almagro where he played for the next three years. Subsequently his solid performance bought him a transferred to Racing Club.
 Svitlana Mankova (Ukrainian: Світлана Манькова born December 1 1962) is a Ukrainian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics.In 1988 she won the bronze medal with the Soviet team. She played three matches and scored one goal.
 Malcolm Jenkins (born December 20 1987) is an American football safety for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Ohio State University earning All-American honors and winning the Jim Thorpe Award as a senior. He was drafted by the New Orleans Saints with the 14th overall pick in the 2009 NFL Draft.
 Andrew James O'Connor (September 14 1884 to September 26 1980) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. O'Connor played for the New York Highlanders in 1908. In 1 career game he had a 0-1 record with a 10.13 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.O'Connor was born in Roxbury Massachusetts and died in Norwood Massachusetts.
 Roger Clinton Bowman (August 18 1927 – July 21 1997) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the New York Giants and Pittsburgh Pirates.
 Igor Pavlovich Sharafutdinov (Russian: Игорь Павлович Шарафутдинов; born January 19 1986) is a Russian professional football player. He last played in the Russian Second Division for FC Bashinformsvyaz-Dynamo Ufa.
 Hakurozan Yūta (born February 6 1982 as Batraz Feliksovich Boradzov Russian: Батраз Феликсович Борадзов in Vladikavkaz Republic of North Ossetia–Alania in the Russian Federation) is a former sumo wrestler. The highest rank he reached was maegashira 2. His older brother is also a former sumo wrestler under the name of Rohō of Ōtake stable. In September 2008 both were dismissed from professional sumo after testing positive for cannabis.
 Yoichiro Kakitani (born 3 January 1990 in Osaka) is a Japanese footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for J. League team Cerezo Osaka.
 Joseph William Joe Frazier (January 12 1944 – November 7 2011) also known as Smokin' Joe was an American professional boxer Olympic gold medalist and Undisputed World Heavyweight Champion whose professional career lasted from 1965 to 1976 with a one-fight comeback in 1981.Frazier emerged as the top contender in the late 1960s defeating opponents that included Jerry Quarry Oscar Bonavena Buster Mathis Eddie Machen Doug Jones George Chuvalo and Jimmy Ellis en route to becoming Undisputed Heavyweight Champion in 1970 and followed up by defeating Muhammad Ali by unanimous decision in the highly anticipated Fight of the Century in 1971. 
 Litton Das (Bengali: লিটন দাস) (born October 13 1994 ) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He is an opening batsman. He is a wicket-keeper. He bats right-handed. He is a main player of Bangladesh Under-19 cricket team.
 Vera Barbosa (born 13 January 1989 in Vila Franca de Xira) is a Portuguese track and field athlete. She is competing in the 400 metres hurdles event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. In round 1 of the competition she qualified for the semifinals and set a new national record with 55.22 seconds.
 Fernando Herrera Espinoza (born July 4 1985) is a Mexican football midfielder. He currently plays for Estudiantes de Altamira in the Liga de Ascenso.
 Randy de Puniet (born February 14 1981 in Maisons-Laffitte Yvelines) is a French Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He has raced in the MotoGP class regularly since 2006 but has no ride for the 2014 season. He took five wins in the 250cc class prior to moving into the main class.
 Vadim Gamletovich Gagloev (Russian: Вадим Гамлетович Гаглоев; born January 18 1989 in Tskhinval USSR) is a Russian professional footballer. Currently he plays for FC Mordovia Saransk.
 Sergio Gontán Gallardo (born 28 December 1991) commonly known as Keko is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Calcio Catania in Italy as a right winger.
 Terence Anthony Harris (27 August 1916 in Kimberley South Africa – 7 March 1993 in Plettenberg Bay Cape Province) was a South African cricketer who played in 3 Tests from 1947 to 1949. He also represented South Africa in five Rugby Union Tests during the 1930s.
 Juan Carlos Lescano (born 18 December 1991 in Rosario Argentina) is an Argentine football forward who plays for Central Córdoba on loan from River Plate.
 Teemu Sainomaa (born May 15 1981) is a Finnish former professional ice hockey centre. He played in the SM-liiga for Jokerit and Pelicans. He was drafted 62nd overall in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft by the Ottawa Senators.
 Amil Agajanov (Azerbaijani: Amil Ağacanov; born 24 July 1983) is an Azerbaijani footballer who currently plays for Simurq. He plays as a goalkeeper.
 Dwayne Crutchfield was a professional American football player who played running back for the New York Jets Houston Oilers and Los Angeles Rams.
 Steve Trindall born 23 April 1973 in Wee Waa New South Wales Australia is a rugby league player.Steve Trindall's position of choice is as a Prop.He played for Canberra Raiders North Sydney Bears Northern Eagles and Wests Tigers in Australia. In the Super League he played for London Broncos and also played for Whitehaven.
 Martha Maria Norelius (January 22 1909 – September 25 1955) was a Swedish-born American swimmer who won three gold medals at the 1924 and 1928 Olympics in the 400 m freestyle in 1924 and in the 400 m and 4×100 m freestyle events in 1928. Between 1925 and 1929 she won 11 individual Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) titles and set at least 19 world and 30 American records.
 Valerie Yuryevich Sinitsin (Russian: Валерий Юрьевич Синицын; born 17 March 1992) is a Russian ice dancer. With partner Valeria Zenkova he won five ISU Junior Grand Prix medals including one gold and placed fourth at the 2013 World Junior Championships. They are the 2013 Russian junior champions.
 Russell Aaron Boyd (born 1980) commonly known as Dutch Boyd is an American professional poker player from Culver City California (originally from Columbia Missouri).
 Tyson Sexsmith (born March 19 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. He is currently playing with the Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). Sexsmith was selected by the San Jose Sharks in the 3rd round (91st overall) of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft. During his major junior career with the Vancouver Giants Sexsmith has won a President's Cup as Western Hockey League (WHL) champions in 2005–06 and a Memorial Cup in 2007.
 Sean Cleary is an Irish professional rugby league footballer playing at representative level for Ireland and at club level for Dublin Blues.
 Yang Sang-moon (born March 24 1961) is a retired Korean professional baseball pitcher and former manager of the Lotte Giants of Korea Baseball Organization.
 Árpád Csonka (born 24 August 1991) is a Slovak football striker of Hungarian ethnicity who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda.
 Elwood Vernon Kettle Wirts (October 30 1897 – July 12 1968) was a professional baseball player who spent four seasons in Major League Baseball. In total Wirts played 17 seasons in professional baseball beginning his career in 1918 with the minor league Spokane Indians. Over his major league career Wirts played for the Chicago Cubs and the Chicago White Sox and batted .163 with 14 hits 2 doubles 1 home run and 8 RBIs in 49 games.
 Vasant Tapu Harji Chavda usually known as Vasant Tapu (1936-1988) was a Tanzanian cricketer. A left-handed batsman and left-arm fast-medium/left-arm orthodox spin bowler he played for the Tanzania national cricket team between 1967 and 1974 and also played first-class cricket for East Africa.
 Ekaterina Ananina (born January 31 1982) is a female badminton player from Russia.
 Jarrin Solomon (born 11 January 1986) is a track and field sprinter representing Trinidad and Tobago who specializes in the 400 metres. He was part of the Trinidad and Tobago team that won the bronze medal in the 4 × 400 m relay at the 2012 IAAF World Indoor Championships.
 Davor Bratić (born 1 May 1987 in Vukovar Croatia) is Croatian footballer who currently plays for FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga. His preferred position is central midfield where he has played throughout his career.
 Sergei Anatolyevich Vasilyev (Russian: Серге́й Анатольевич Васильев; born November 3 1982) is a Russian professional football player. Currently he plays for FC Tambov.
 Francis William Romney (25 November 1873 - 28 January 1963) was an English cricketer who played four first-class matches all for Worcestershire in 1900; he also played for the county in Minor Counties cricket before it was raised to first-class status.Born in Tewkesbury Gloucestershire Romney's first-class debut came against Leicestershire: he made 4 and 10 not out.
 Thiago Soares Alves (born 1986) is a Brazilian volleyball player who wing spiker and competes for Fenerbahçe Grundig and the national team. He has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics where Brazil got to the final.
 Mirza Mujčić (born 7 April 1994) is a Swedish footballer of Bosnian descent who plays for GAIS in Allsvenskan as a defender.
 Faisal Iqbal (Urdu: فیصل اقبال) (born 30 December 1981 in Karachi) is a Pakistani cricketer playing for the Pakistan cricket team as a specialist batsman. He is a right-handed batsman and occasional right-arm medium-pace bowler. He has been tried out at a number of positions in the lineup but could not nail down a spot in the team due to bad form and inexperience.
 Ahmed Hebh is a Saudi Arabian football player.
 Leslie George Rich (December 29 1886 – October 1969) was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. Rich won a bronze medal as a member of the third-place U.S. team in the men's 4x200-meter freestyle relay together with teammates Harry Hebner Leo Goodwin and Charles Daniels. Individually he finished fourth in the men's 100-meter freestyle.
 Sivert Vause Samuelson (21 November 1883 in York Natal – 18 November 1958 in Durban Natal) was a South African cricketer who played in one Test in 1910.Samuelson was a tail-end right-handed batsman and a bowler of both off-breaks and medium pacers who took five MCC wickets in an innings in his third first-class game and found himself in the Test team for the final match in the 1909-10 series played at Newlands Cape Town.
 Björn Goldschmidt (born 3 December 1979 in Karlsruhe) is a German sprint canoer who has competed since the early 2000s. Competing in two Summer Olympics he won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Beijing in 2008. Goldschmidt also won two medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-4 200 m: 2007) and a silver (K-4 200 m: 2005).
 Paul Coll (born May 9 1992 in Greymouth) is a professional squash player who represents New Zealand. He reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 86 in March 2014.
 Aleksandar Mitrović (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Митровић; born 16 September 1994) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a striker for Jupiler Pro League club Anderlecht and the Serbian national team.At the age of 18 Mitrović was named among the top 10 talents under the age of 19 in Europe by a selection of UEFA reporters.
 Ivaylo Dimitrov (Bulgarian: Ивайло Димитров; born 26 March 1989) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Dobrudzha Dobrich as a winger. Dimitrov was educated in CSKA Sofia's youth academy.
 Roberto Saraiva Fagundes (born February 5 1983) is a Brazilian professional football midfielder who is currently playing for Tarxien Rainbows FC.In Malta He is known as the Rainbows' little Brazilian star.He is more common known as Saraiva.
 Walid Ismail (born 11 November 1984) in Lebanon is a Lebanese football (soccer) player who plays as a Defender. He currently plays for Racing Beirut in the Lebanese Premier League.
 Brenden Dillon (born November 13 1990) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently playing with the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League.
 Francesco Costa (born May 28 1985) is a bobsledder from Italy. He competed for Italy at the 2014 Winter Olympics in the four-man bobsleigh event.
 Shinji Fujiyoshi (藤吉 信次 born 3 April 1970) is a former Japanese football player.
 Marco Schönbächler (born 11 January 1990) is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as a forward for FC Zurich in the Swiss Super League. He was part of the 2006–07 and 2008–2009 Swiss Championship winning team.
 Alex Woodburn is an English professional rugby union player who plays for Gloucester. He is currently dual-registered with Hartpury College R.F.C.
 Satoshi Shingaki (新垣諭 Shingaki Satoshi) is a Japanese ex-boxer and former world champion. To this day he is one of only three boxers from Japan to win a title from the IBF.
 Carl Björnstjerna (April 7 1886 – February 20 1982) was a Swedish horse rider who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.In 1928 he and his horse Kornett won the bronze medal as part of the Swedish jumping team after finishing ninth in the individual jumping.
 Francis Narh (born 18 April 1994) is a Ghana football player who plays for FC Baník Ostrava.Francis Narh has played international football at under-20 level for Ghana U20.
 Pequeño Olímpico (real name unrevealed; born July 15 1971) is a Mexican luchador enmascarado or masked professional wrestler. Pequeño Olímpico is a part of Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre's (CMLL) Mini-Estrella division and holds the record for the longest CMLL World Mini-Estrella Championship reign with 1442 days. He is in his second reign as the Mini-Estrella Champion. Pequeño Olímpico is Spanish for Little Olympian alluding to the fact that he wrestles as a mini version of Olímpico.
 William Wild (21 February 1846 – 7 January 1891) was an English cricketer. Wild was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm roundarm fast.Wild represented Hampshire in a single first-class match in 1877 against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's.Wild died at Norwich Norfolk on 7 January 1891.
 Gert Jan Timmerman (born 15 April 1956) is a Dutch chess player most famous for being the fifteenth ICCF World Champion in correspondence chess 1996–2002.Before becoming the fifteenth World Correspondence Champion he won Final B of the 5th World Cup between 1987 and 1994.He tied for second place behind Mikhail Umansky in a champion of champions tournament the ICCF 50 Years World Champion Jubilee.
 Konstantin Krause (born 8 October 1967 in Bad Langensalza) is a retired German long jumper.He won the silver medal at the 1992 European Indoor Championships. He represented the sports clubs TV Wattenscheid TV Heppenheim and LG Ohra/Hörsel and became German champion in 1998 and 1999.His personal best jump is 8.27 metres achieved in June 1997 in Bad Langensalza.
 Gediminas Marcišauskas (born 1 January 1982) is a Lithuanian rugby union player. He plays as a centre.He first played for Vairas Siauliai in Lithuania where he won the National Championship. He signed for one year to the French team of Bordeaux RC Guizerois aged 19 years old. He then would play for half year in Stade Bordelais.
 Colin Chisholm (born February 25 1963) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He was drafted in the third round 60th overall by the Buffalo Sabres in the 1981 NHL Entry Draft. He played one game in the National Hockey League with the Minnesota North Stars in the 1986–87 season going scoreless. However he was unable to continue playing hockey due to a medical condition. Now he is happily married with three children. Playing hockey lives in him it's part of his DNA.
 Ernest Hickinbottom (born 1865) was an English footballer who played for Derby County.
 Robert Lloyd Stephenson (born August 11 1928 at Blair Oklahoma) is a retired American professional baseball player. He played 67 games primarily at shortstop for the 1955 St. Louis Cardinals of Major League Baseball. Stephenson threw and batted right-handed stood 6 feet (1.8 m) tall and weighed 165 pounds (75 kg). He attended the University of Oklahoma.Stephenson struggled offensively during his professional career.
 Sonny Schmidt was a New Zealand-born professional bodybuilder.
 Anaso Jobodwana (born 30 July 1992) is a South African athlete. He competed in 200 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. He ran a new personal best of 20.13 seconds to reach the final.
 Matthew Villanueva (born July 4 1987 in California) is an Undefeated American born with Cuban/Puerto Rican roots Professional boxer in the Super Flyweight division.
 Darren Barnett (born May 22 1984 in Cincinnati Ohio) is an American football cornerback who is currently a free agent. He was originally signed by the Giants as an undrafted free agent in 2007. He played college football at Missouri State.
 Taylor Heath Jungmann (born December 18 1989) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Milwaukee Brewers organization.Jungmann graduated in 2008 from Georgetown High School in Williamson County Texas where he played his senior year. He previously played for the rural Rogers High School in Bell County which won a 2A State Championship in 2007. He attended the University of Texas at Austin where he played for the Texas Longhorns baseball team.
 Not to be confused with: Júlio César da Silva e Souza Júlio César Santos Correa and Júlio César Soares Espíndola.Júlio César da Silva usually known as Júlio César (born 8 March 1963 in Bauru (São Paulo) is a retired association footballer from Brazil.
 Jeff Ladd Novak (born July 27 1967) is a former American football offensive lineman who played professionally in the World League of American Football and the National Football League. Novak was born in Arlington Heights Illinois and considers his city of upbringing to be Clear Lake City outside of Houston Texas. He went to Clear Lake High School and he graduated from Texas State University in 1990.
 Cory Higgins (born June 14 1989) is an American professional basketball player. Higgins grew up in Danville California. He is tied with Richard Roby with 2001 career points as the all-time leading scorer for the Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball and is sixth all-time in Big 12 Conference history.
 William Middleton Grant (born 1905 date of death unknown) was a Scottish professional footballer. He spent eight years at Blackpool in the early 1900s making over 200 Football League appearances for the club. He played as a defender.
 John Jack George (born 20 April 1910) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood St Kilda and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).George who played his football as a defender and ruckman began his career at Collingwood in 1930 the year they won their record fourth successive premiership. He however took no part in the finals series.He struggled to put together regular games until 1933 when he made 16 appearances for St Kilda.
 Antonín Žalský (Czech pronunciation: [ˈantoɲiːn ˈʒalskiː]) is a Czech shot putter. He was born in Jilemnice Liberecký kraj Czech Republic on August 7 1980.
 Adolph Dirk Coenraad van der Voort van Zijp (1 September 1892 in Klambir Lima North Sumatra Dutch East Indies – 8 March 1978 in Monaco) was a Dutch horse rider who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
 Brent Hathaway Patterson (b. April 9 1961 in Oakland California U.S.. Moved to Hayward California when he was four months old.) is a former American Old School bicycle motocross (BMX) racer.Brent Patterson is the elder of what was the most potent sibling combinations that bicycle motocross has ever seen.
 Percy Williams (born 5 June 1993 in George) is a South African rugby union player currently playing with the Leopards. His regular position is scrum-half.
 Kim Barbara Nye (born 10 May 1961) is a former New Zealand association football player who represented her country.Nye scored on her Football Ferns debut in a 2–0 win over Australia on 26 March 1985 and ended her international career with 16 caps and 3 goals to her credit.Nye represented New Zealand at the Women's World Cup finals in China in 1991 playing all 3 group games; a 0–3 loss to Denmark a 0–4 loss to Norway and a 1–4 loss to China in which she scored New Zealand's only goal or the tournament.
 Dimitri Jonthiel Patterson (born June 18 1983) is an American football cornerback for the New York Jets of the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the Washington Redskins as an undrafted free agent in 2005. He played college football at Tuskegee.Patterson has also played for the Minnesota Vikings Kansas City Chiefs Philadelphia Eagles Cleveland Browns and Miami Dolphins.
 David Mercer (born 4 August 1960) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics.
 Hannes Eder (born September 5 1983) is an Austrian football player.
 Mauro Bogliatto (born 21 February 1943 in Ala di Stura) is a former Italian high jumper.
 Moacir Alves de Andrade Junior or simply Moacir (born January 3 1989 in Mairinque) is a Brazilian football striker who currently plays for Mogi Mirim.He made his debut in the FNL for FC Gazovik Orenburg on September 1 2011 in a game against FC Baltika Kaliningrad.
 Andrea Cappa (born 21 February 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian third division club Vicenza.
 Paschalis Draganidis born August 11 1992 in Greece is a footballer. Currently playing for Anagennisi Epanomi F.C. in Beta Ethniki.
 Minichiello redirects here. For other people with the surname see Minichiello (surname).Anthony Minichiello (born 24 May 1980 in Liverpool New South Wales) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently captains the Sydney Roosters of the National Rugby League.
 Ryan Cullen (born January 20 1980) is a professional baseball pitcher for the Lancaster Barnstormers. On January 7 2008 he signed a minor league deal with the New York Mets; he was later released. Cullen previously pitched for the New York Mets for the New Orleans Zephyrs and Binghamton Mets in 2007.Cullen signed in 2009 with Brother Elephants of the Chinese Professional Baseball League. In 29 games with them that season he saved 20 games and had an ERA of 0.56.
 Patrick Kwame Ampadu (born 20 December 1970 in Bradford England) is a former Irish footballer who played for numerous clubs. He is currently working for Arsenal FC as an Academy Coach. He has previously worked for Exeter City where he has been under 18s coach under manager Paul Tisdale.
 Bratislav Punoševac (Serbian Cyrillic: Бpaтиcлaв Пунoшeвaц; born 9 July 1987) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Avispa Fukuoka in the J. League Division 2. He had previously played for Romanian club Oţelul Galaţi.
 Frank D. Hodgkin (born 20 June 1941) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).Hodgkin originally from Kergumyah started his Ovens & Murray Football League career at Myrtleford in 1958 aged 17. Despite his young age Hodgkin was chosen in the league's representative team in his debut season.
 Olivier Jacque (born August 29 1973 in Villerupt France) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.He was second in the 250cc European Championship in 1994 before moving on to the 250cc World Championship. He achieved a top ten finish in the points standings every year he competed.
 Ritchie Ria Alfons De Laet (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈrɪtʃi də ˈlaːt] born 28 November 1988) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a defender for English side Leicester City.
 Matthew Adam Kay (born 9 November 1982) is an English cricketer. Kay is a right-handed batsman who bowls leg break. He was born in Enfield London.Kay made his only first-class appearance for Cambridge UCCE against Middlesex in 2004.
 Rohan Burke (born 24 July 1961) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He is the son of Gerald Burke who played for Carlton in the 1950s.
 Vadim Vladimirovich Klass (Russian: Вадим Владимирович Класс; born July 4 1979) is a Russian professional footballer. In 2011 he played for FC Sever Murmansk In July 2011 Vadim class was excluded from the team Murmansk for drinking alcohol during training.to December 2011 the player stands in the amateur league (street team) in the city of Saint Petersburg Russia
 Frank Wright (4 May 1870 — 9 December 1943) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire in 1899. Wright was born in Ilkeston Derbyshire. He was also identified as Francis Moult Wright. Wright played just one first-class cricket match for Derbyshire during the 1899 season against Surrey. He was a right-handed batsman and scored four runs in the first innings and a duck in the second.
 Christian Grindheim (born 17 July 1983) is a football midfielder who currently plays for the Tippeligaen club Vålerenga Fotball. Grindheim is known as a hardworking midfielder with tough tackling and powerful shots. He has made over 50 appearances for the Norway national team.
 Belinda Schönberger (27 August 1991) is an Austrian figure skater. She is the 2011 Austrian national champion.
 Francesco Rapisarda (born 4 June 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian fourth division club Lamezia.
 Kieran Brian Darlow (born November 9 1982 in Bedford England) is an English former footballer.Darlow started his career with York City in 1999. He left in 2002 to join Frickley Athletic.
 Ruslan Peteev (born April 25 1990) is a Russian professional basketball player for Khimki.He was born in Moscow Soviet Union and is an Arizona State University alumnus.
 Alvin Richard Mayer (August 28 1924 – June 2 1989) was an American professional golfer.Mayer was born in Stamford Connecticut. He apprenticed with renowned player and teacher Claude Harmon at the Winged Foot Golf Club in suburban New York City.Mayer won seven times on the PGA Tour between 1953 and 1965. Mayer almost won the 1954 U.S.
 Zoila L. Frausto (born December 10 1983) is an American professional female mixed martial artist. Her nickname comes from the popular 1990s TV series Xena: Warrior Princess. She was the first (and to date only) Bellator Women's Champion.
 Victor Allan Riley (born November 4 1974) is a former American football player who played offensive tackle. Riley played college football for Auburn University. He was drafted in the 1998 NFL Draft by the Kansas City Chiefs with whom he played for four seasons. He was the No. 7 offensive tackle available in the draft according to Sports Illustrated. He played for three seasons with the New Orleans Saints before signing in 2005 with the Houston Texans.
 Li Ning (Simplified Chinese: 李宁; Traditional Chinese: 李寧; Pinyin: Lǐ Níng; born March 10 1963 in Laibin Guangxi) is a well-known Chinese gymnast and entrepreneur. He was born in an ethnic Zhuang family.
 James Thomas Garry (September 21 1869 – January 13 1917) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball for the 1893 Boston Beaneaters. He had an extensive career as a minor league baseball player which stretched from 1891 through 1913. He played primarily in the Eastern League but also played in the Connecticut State League New England League Western League American League New York State League Hudson River League and Eastern Association. He was a player/manager in 1899 1904 and 1905.
 Belgium Tuatagaloa (born 19 September 1989 in Auckland New Zealand is a New Zealand rugby union player who represents Canterbury in the ITM Cup. Tuatagaloa made his provincial debut for Canterbury in 2013. Tuatagaloa also plays for the New Zealand Sevens Team.
 Tom McDonald is a retired American soccer defender who played in the North American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League.McDonald younger brother of Ken McDonald graduated from William Tennent High School where he was a 1977 All State soccer player. He then attended Philadelphia Textile where he was a 1980 Second Team and 1981 First Team All American soccer player. In January 1982 the selected McDonald in the first round (tenth overall) of the North American Soccer League draft.
 Marc Rancourt (born April 28 1984) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who from 2010-2011 played with the Landshut Cannibals in the German 2nd Bundesliga.2011 will see Marc Rancourt playing in Boise Idaho - USA.
 Erik Wersäll (14 January 1887 – 24 March 1973) was a Swedish modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
 Luccas Claro dos Santos commonly known as Luccas Claro (born 2 October 1991) in Ribeirão Preto Brazil is a Brazilian football (soccer) player who plays as a defender for Coritiba in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.
 Petra Riedel (born 17 September 1964 in Magdeburg) is a German former swimmer who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
 Felice Gimondi (pronounced [feˈlitʃe dʒiˈmondi]; born 29 September 1942) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist.With his 1968 victory at the Vuelta a España only three years after becoming a professional cyclist Gimondi nicknamed The Phoenix was the second cyclist (after Jacques Anquetil) to win all three Grand Tours of road cycling: Tour de France (1965 his first year as a pro) Giro d'Italia (1967 1969 and 1976) and Vuelta a España (1968).
 Ingemar Backman (born 1 April 1976 in Gällivare Sweden) is a professional snowboarder famous for setting the world record highest air out of a quarter-pipe (8.5 metres) in Riksgränsen Sweden in 1996. He participated in the 1998 Winter Olympics.
 Maurice Berkley (6 September 1872 – 9 August 1947) was an English cricketer. Berkley was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm slow. He was born in Navestock Essex and educated at Fettes College in Edinburgh where he played for the college cricket team.Berkley played for Essex twice in the 1894 County Championship against Yorkshire and Leicestershire. In his two matches he scored 6 runs at a batting average of 3.00 with a high score of 5.
 Daimonji Kenji (born 21 February 1940 as Kenji Tamura) is a former sumo wrestler from Kyōto Japan. He made his professional debut in March 1956 and reached the top division in November 1966. His highest rank was maegashira 5. Upon retirement from active competition he became an elder in the Japan Sumo Association under the name Nishiiwa. He coached at Taihō/Ōtake stable until reaching the Sumo Association's mandatory retirement age of 65 in February 2005.
 Andrea Milani (born December 13 1919 in San Michele Extra) was an Italian professional football player.
 Paul Andrew Nixon (born 21 October 1970 in Langwathby) is an English cricketer who played for Leicestershire England England A MCC and Kent. He is a wicket-keeper and left-handed batsman. He announced that he would play his final game of professional cricket at Grace Road against Kent on 6 August 2011 in a T20 quarter final which meant that should Leicestershire beat Kent and get into finals day he would play.
 Dalil Benyahia (born April 21 1990 in Stockholm Sweden) is an Algerian-Swedish footballer who plays for IK Sirius.
 Malcolm MacDonald was an outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the New York Giants in 1902.
 Archie J. Sykes (24 September 1866 – 26 August 1957) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the Essendon Football Club and was involved in the club's 1897 premiership win.Sykes played for Essendon for 7 years in the then VFA between 1889–1896 bar 1891. Sykes was involved in 3 Essendon VFA premierships in 1892-3-4.
 Kristian Dacey (born 25 July 1989) is a Welsh rugby union player. A hooker he plays club rugby for Cardiff Blues regional team having previously played for Merthyr RFC and Cardif Blues Under 20's.
 Lukas Hradecky (Slovak: Lukáš Hrádecký born 24 November 1989 in Bratislava) is a Slovak-born Finnish football goalkeeper who currently plays for Brøndby IF.
 Al Zerhusen (born December 4 1931 in Brooklyn New York) is a former U.S. soccer midfielder who played extensively for the U.S. national team. He is a member of the National Soccer Hall of Fame.When Zerhusen was five his family moved from New York to Germany where he learned to play soccer. He moved back to the U.S. in 1950 and settled in Cincinnati Ohio. However he was soon after drafted into the Army.
 Bert Deacon (8 November 1922 – 3 January 1974) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He is remembered for being Carlton's first ever Brownlow Medal winner. A centre half back Deacon began his league career in 1942.
 Henry Rowett (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who played for Surrey during the 1760s. He was chiefly noted for his patronage of Caterham Cricket Club which was prominent at the time and was a close rival of the Hambledon Club. Nothing is known of Rowett apart from his involvement in major cricket matches.
 Albert Ramon (1 November 1920 – 21 March 1993) was a Belgian racing cyclist. He won the Belgian national road race title in 1950.
 Jarryd Morton (born 5 October 1988) is an Australian rules footballer formerly in the Australian Football League (AFL) with the Hawthorn Football Club.Morton played across the half-back flanks and wore the number 19 guernsey. His two brothers also play in the AFL. Cale plays for West Coast and Mitch plays for the Sydney.Morton picked up a NAB Rising Star nomination in Round 13 of the 2008 season.
 Erwin Galeski (born 29 October 1945) is a retired German football defender.
 Givi Ivanovich Onashvili (born July 27 1947) is a Georgian judoka who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1972 Summer Olympics.In 1972 he won the bronze medal in the heavyweight class.He is also a bronze medalist in the 1969 World Judo Championships in Mexico City.He is a double European Champion (London 1974 and Lyon 1975) three times silver medalist (Oostende 1969 Voorburg 1972 and Kiev 1976) and bronze medalist in Göteborg 1971.In 1976 he won a silver medal in the International Tournament of Paris.
 Joe Connolly (born 13 October 1956) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Galway senior team.Born in Castlegar County Galway Connolly first excelled at hurling whilst at school in St. Mary's College Galway. He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when he first linked up with the Galway minor team before later joining the under-21 side. He made his senior debut in the 1976 championship.
 Randy Hutchinson (born August 25 1948 - Newport News Virginia USA) is a retired NASCAR Winston Cup Series driver who would race a grand total of 1299 laps and 590.2 miles (949.8 km) in his career. While his career would be brief Hutchinson would be most notable for his only top-ten finish at the 1971 Sandlapper 200. This driver would have an average career start of 18th place and a career average finish of 19th place.
 Ángel Martínez Cervera (born 31 January 1986 in Girona Catalonia) known simply as Ángel is a Spanish footballer who plays for Blackpool as a midfielder.
 Werner Pfirter (19 December 1946 – 24 September 241973) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Switzerland. His best year was in 1971 when he finished in sixth place in the 350cc world championship. Pfirter was killed in a road accident in 1973 while driving home from the Spanish Grand Prix.
 José Manuel Sierra Méndez (born 21 May 1978 in Moguer) is a Spanish handballer who plays for Paris Saint Germain HB and the Spanish national team.
 Jarle Steinsland (born 10 July 1980) is a Norwegian football midfielder who currently plays for FK Haugesund. He joined the team after the 2007 season coming from Bryne FK and has played for Rosenborg BK in the Norwegian Premier League as well as SK Vard Haugesund.
 Antonio Pittman (born December 19 1985 in Akron Ohio) is an American football running back. He was drafted by the New Orleans Saints in the fourth round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at Ohio State.Pittman has also played for the St. Louis Rams.
 Joel Dalgarno (born July 5 1987) is a Canadian lacrosse player. He was an All-American at the Ohio State University from 2006 to 2009 leading the Buckeyes to an NCAA Men's Lacrosse Championship tournament appearance in 2008. Dalgarno attended Western Reserve Academy as a prep star and also starred in Canadian box lacrosse at the Junior A level.
 Jolene Van Vugt (born September 17 1980 in London Ontario Canada) is the first CMRC Women’s Canadian Motocross National Champion first female to backflip a full-sized dirt bike holder of multiple Guinness World Records and co-star of many motocross/stunt videos and currently appears in the television show Nitro Circus.
 Steinar Dagur Adolfsson (born 25 January 1970) is a retired Icelandic football defender.In his early career he played for Valur KR Reykjavik and ÍA Akranes. He joined Kongsvinger IL in 1999 and played semi-regularly the first two seasons. He left after the 2001 season.He has been capped for Iceland.
 Thomas Michael Buckshot Brown (born December 6 1927 in Brooklyn New York) is a former utility man in Major League Baseball. He played for three different teams in parts of nine seasons spanning 1944–1953.Brown became the youngest player ever to hit a home run in the Major Leagues when he homered on August 20 1945 at the age of 17.On September 18 1950 he batted three consecutive home runs in a single game.
 Dave Kelly (born July 29 1943 in Toronto Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey goaltender.Kelly never played in the National Hockey League but did have several productive seasons in the Western Hockey League with the Portland Buckaroos. Kelly was a two time winner of the WHL Outstanding Goaltender Award.
 Delio Morollón Estébanez (23 July 1937 – 17 February 1992) was a Spanish footballer who played as a forward.
 Edwin Fullinwider (11 December 1900 – 8 February 1982) was an American fencer. He competed at the 1920 and 1924 Summer Olympics.
 John Edward Wilson (June 14 1929 – December 27 2011) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and head coach.
 Rose Mary Magers-Powell (born June 25 1960 in Big Spring Texas) is a retired female volleyball player from the United States who won the silver medal with the USA National Women's Team at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles California under the guidance of coach Arie Selinger. She played college women's volleyball with the Houston Cougars.She is currently head coach at Martin Methodist College in Pulaski Tennessee.
 Luis Yáñez (born October 25 1988 in Duncanville Texas) is a US-American amateur boxer. He is recognized for winning the Pan American title 2007 at junior flyweight. Yanez is best known for being a 2008 Olympian in Beijing.
 Christine 'Peng Peng' Lee (born June 27 1993) is a Canadian artistic gymnast. She was a member of the Canadian team that qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics and is committed to attend UCLA after the Olympics. Lee prefers using her Chinese name Peng Peng when doing gymnastics and she claims that it makes her feel like someone completely different.
 Abdelkader Benayada (born May 5 1982 in Frenda) is an Algerian footballer who plays for MO Constantine in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 2.
 Osei Kofi is a retired Ghanaian footballer. He played for Asante Kotoko F.C. and the Ghana national football team. He was a joint top scorer in the 1965 Africa Cup of Nations tournament held in Tunis Tunisia leading to Ghana winning the tournament for a second time. He was the third highest scorer in the 1968 Africa Cup of Nations.
 Herbert James Brierley was an English professional footballer who played as a winger for Burnley. He played two matches during the 1898–99 season.
 Eric Otto Gehrig (born December 15 1987 in Harvey Illinois) is an American soccer player currently playing for the Columbus Crew in Major League Soccer.
 Daniel Taylor (born April 28 1986) is a British-born Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing with Färjestad BK of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL). He was a seventh round selection of the Los Angeles Kings 221st overall at the 2004 NHL Entry Draft and appeared in one game for Los Angeles. He has also played for the Calgary Flames in the National Hockey League (NHL) and the Hamburg Freezers of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
 Jessica Beard (born January 8 1989 in Euclid Ohio) is an American sprinter who qualified for the 2009 IAAF World Championships in the 4x400-meter relay and 400 meters. She won the gold medal with the relay team. She also was fifth in the 400 m at the 2006 World Junior Championships in Athletics and improved to win the silver medal at the 2008 World Junior Championships.
 Paul Stanton Wylie (born October 28 1964) is an American figure skater and 1992 Olympic silver medalist.
 Fabian Ernst (born 30 May 1979 in Hannover) is a German footballer who last played for Kasımpaşa S.K. as a midfielder. He is regarded as a two-way player who can stop the opposition and start attacks with his passing from central midfield.
 Yang Yu (simplified Chinese: 杨宇; traditional Chinese: 楊宇; pinyin: Yáng Yǔ; born 18 April 1985) is a professional Chinese football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Liaoning FC.
 Mary Webb is a former New Zealand cricketer. She played in four Test matches between 1957 and 1961.
 Juan Rivera (born August 10 1964) is a professional wrestler. He began his career in the World Wrestling Council where he won the WWC Universal Heavyweight Championship. During the mid-to-late 1990s Rivera was an active wrestler in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) initially performing under the ring name Kwang. He was later renamed Savio Vega eventually becoming the leader of a Puerto Rican stable Los Boricuas.
 Frank Anthony Castillo (April 1 1969 – July 28 2013) was an American Major League Baseball starting pitcher. Castillo played for the Chicago Cubs (1991-1997) Colorado Rockies (1997) Detroit Tigers (1998) Toronto Blue Jays (2000) Boston Red Sox (2001-2002 2004) and Florida Marlins (2005).A sixth round pick by the Cubs in the 1987 amateur draft Castillo made his major league debut in 1991.On September 25 1995 in a 7-0 shutout victory over the St.
 Paulo Roberto de Almeida Paula (born 8 July 1979 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian long-distance runner who competes in marathon races. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's marathon finishing in eighth place. He is a member of the Cruzeiro Sport Club.He began competing nationally in his teenage years. He was runner-up over 10000 metres at the 1998 Brazilian Junior Championships with a run of 30:42.94 minutes.
 Michael Thomas Mike Modano Jr. (/mɵˈdɑːnoʊ/; born June 7 1970) is a retired American professional ice hockey player who played primarily for the Minnesota North Stars/Dallas Stars franchise. He is the all-time goal-scoring and points leader amongst American-born players in the NHL as well as the last active player in the NHL who played for the North Stars when the team was in Minnesota.
 Edward Albert Eddie Nicholls (born 10 December 1947 in British Guiana) is an international Test and One Day International cricket umpire. Nicholls officiated in 17 Tests from 1997 to 2001 and 46 ODIs from 1995 to 2005. Nicholls is one of four West Indian umpires on the International Cricket Council's elite panel of international umpires. A former police officer Nicholls played club cricket for the Guyanese police force cricket team. He is married and has a son and two daughters.
 Sergei Sentyurin is a Russian professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Avangard Omsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
 Yunieski Ramírez is a male beach volleyball player from Cuba who twice won the gold medal playing with Yoandri Kindelán in the men's competition at the NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit 2007 at Guatemala and in 2009 in Puerto Vallarta.Playing with Yaimel Borrel he won the bronze medal in April 2009 at the III Alba Games in Ciego de Avila Cuba.At the 2008 Cuban National Games (Olimpiada Nacional) partnering Yusnaikel Argilago he won the bronze medal representing Occidentales.
 Gorka Iraizoz Moreno (born 6 March 1981) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for La Liga club Athletic Bilbao as a goalkeeper.
 Nelson George Greene (born September 20 1899 in Philadelphia Pennsylvania died May 6 1983 in Lebanon Pennsylvania) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He pitched in fifteen games for the Brooklyn Robins during the 1924 & 1925 seasons. He attended college at Lehigh University and Villanova University.
 Steven Elworthy (born 23 February 1965 in Bulawayo Rhodesia) is a former South African cricketer (right arm fast-medium bowler) who has fostered a career in administration with Cricket South Africa and the ECB.
 Matthew Bernard Herkenhoff (born April 2 1951 in Melrose Minnesota) is a former American football offensive tackle in the National Football League. He played for the Kansas City Chiefs between 1976 and 1985.
 Stefan Martin is a professional Australian rules footballer currently playing for the Brisbane Lions.Martin was drafted by Melbourne with their 3rd pick in the 2008 Pre-season Draft from the Sandringham Zebras (VFL). He made his debut in Round 14 for Melbourne's match against the Brisbane Lions at the MCG.Martin is a marking ruckman but is mostly used in defence when playing for Melbourne.On the 26th of October 2012 Martin was traded to the Brisbane Lions.
 Jackson A. Todd (born November 20 1951 in Tulsa Oklahoma) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the New York Mets and Toronto Blue Jays from 1977 to 1981. He was originally drafted by the Chicago Cubs in the 11th round of the 1970 amateur draft out of high school but did not sign with the team. Todd opted instead to attend college and played college baseball at the University of Oklahoma.
 William Matty Matthews (July 13 1873 – December 6 1948) was an American boxer of the early 20th century. He was world welterweight champion twice between 1900 and 1901. A native of New York City Matthews first challenged for the world title in 1898 but was outpointed by Mysterious Billy Smith. In 1900 he challenged Smith again and this time won the title by knocking Smith out in the 19th round.
 Mirjam Hooman-Kloppenburg (born 1966) is a former female table tennis player from Netherlands. She won three medals in singles doubles and team events in the Table Tennis European Championships at Stuttgart in 1992. She also achieved a third team place in the Table Tennis World Cup in 1994.
 Doriano Romboni (8 December 1968 in Lerici Italy – 30 November 2013 in Latina Italy) was an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.
 Barry Standfield (born 13 February 1970) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray and Adelaide in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s.A key position player Standfield spent seven seasons at Footscray but played 85 of his 98 games between 1992 and 1995 including six finals.
 Euclides Varela (born 6 April 1982) is a Cape Verdean long-distance runner.
 Graeme Geddes is a former Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Australia.
 Liu Ji (Chinese:刘骥; Pinyin: Liú Jì) (born 27 December 1990) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Guizhou Zhicheng.
 Halvor Reini Hagen (born February 4 1947 in Oslo Norway) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys New England Patriots and the Buffalo Bills. He played college football at Weber State University and was drafted in the third round of the 1969 NFL Draft by the Dallas Cowboys.
 Ian Ormondroyd (born 22 September 1964 in Bradford Yorkshire) is a retired English footballer. Ormondroyd became famous for his height and build similar manner to that of Peter Crouch giving him a cult status among fans of the clubs he played for. Ormondroyd played for Bradford City Oldham Athletic Aston Villa Derby County Leicester City Hull City and Scunthorpe United.
 Jamie Oliver Troughton (born 2 March 1979) is an English cricketer. He is mainly an attack-minded left-handed batsman but also an occasional slow left-arm orthodox bowler. He plays for and captains the county side Warwickshire and has played for the England One Day International team.He has played six One-day Internationals for England at time of writing scoring 36 runs at an average of nine. He is a hard-hitting batsman with a good range of shots.
 Gogea Mitu (b. Gogu Ştefănescu - Dumitru Goagă on July 14 1914 in Mârșani – died June 22 1936 in Bucharest) was a Romanian boxer and the tallest Romanian in history (followed by Ghiţă Mureşan). Gogea Mitu is also listed by the Guinness Book of World Records as the tallest professional boxer.
 Álvaro Rafael González Luengo (born 29 October 1984 in Montevideo) nickname Tata is a Uruguayan football Midfielder who currently plays for Lazio in the Italian Serie A. The Uruguayan also plays as a full back for the capital team.
 Steve Regal (born August 25 1951) is a former professional wrestler better known as Mr. Electricity Steve Regal who competed in North American regional promotions including the National Wrestling Alliance and the American Wrestling Association during the early 1970s and 1980s.
 Gilbert Marc Dionne (born September 19 1970 in Drummondville Quebec) is a retired professional ice hockey left winger who played six seasons in the National Hockey League from 1990–91 until 1995–96. He is the younger brother of Hockey Hall of Famer Marcel Dionne who is nineteen years his senior.Dionne was drafted 81st overall by the Montreal Canadiens in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft. He was named to the 1992 NHL All-Rookie Team after scoring 21 goals and 34 points in only 39 games.
 Virginio “Gino” Peter Pariani (February 21 1928 in St. Louis Missouri – May 9 2007) was an American soccer striker. He earned 5 caps and scored 1 goal for the United States men's national soccer team and played on the 1950 FIFA World Cup team including the U.S. team's historic 1–0 victory over England. He was also a member of the U.S. Olympic team in London in 1948. He was inducted into the National Soccer Hall of Fame in 1976.
 Cenira Sampaio Pereira do Prado (born 12 February 1965) commonly known as Cenira is a Brazilian former footballer who played as an attacking midfielder or playmaker for the Brazil women's national football team.Cenira was a leading player at EC Radar when she was a teenager. After beginning her career at Madureira and spending a brief spell with Flamengo she moved to Radar and scored 34 goals in 1984.
 Marvin Leon St.Clair Robinson (born 11 April 1980) is an English footballer who plays for Hednesford Town.
 Ehrhardt Henry Ott Heller (June 2 1910 – June 15 1980) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. Originally a right wing Heller learned to play as a defenseman early in his career.
 Michelle Jan Ford MBE (born 15 July 1962 in Sydney) is a former Australian long distance freestyle and butterfly swimmer of the 1970s and 1980s who won a gold medal in the 800 m freestyle at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow. She was the only non Soviet bloc female swimmer to win an individual gold medal at the boycott-marred games.
 Ally Scott (born 26 August 1950 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former professional football player who is best known for his time with Rangers and Hibernian.Scott began his career at Queen's Park before being signed by Rangers in 1973. He left Rangers three seasons later to join Hibernian. Afterwards Scott had spells with Morton Partick Thistle Queen of the South East Stirlingshire.
 Teal Alexander Bunbury (born February 27 1990) is an American soccer player who currently plays for New England Revolution in Major League Soccer. He is also a member of the United States men's national soccer team.
 Tang Jingzhi (simplified Chinese: 汤景之; traditional Chinese: 湯景之; pinyin: Tāng Jǐngzhī; born 1986-09-15 in Hangzhou Zhejiang) is a female Chinese swimmer who won a silver medal for China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
 Michel Gérard Parizeau (born April 9 1948) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey left winger and head coach who played two seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the St. Louis Blues and Philadelphia Flyers. Parizeau also played eight seasons in the World Hockey Association (WHA) for the Quebec Nordiques Indianapolis Racers and Cincinnati Stingers.
 Kemmy Pilato (born 18 May 1989 in Tutume) is a Botswana footballer who currently plays for BMC Lobatse.
 Shannon Roy Welcome Warren (born 22 November 1988) is a Honduran football player who currently plays for Vida in the Liga Nacional de Fútbol de Honduras.
 Chen Yanchong (Chinese: 陈燕翀; born April 10 1987) is a WTA professional women's tennis player from the People's Republic of China. She was born in Hengyang Hunan province in China.A member of the Chinese Olympic team in 2003 Chen is the best tennis player of the Guangdong team with a ranking of the 14th best Chinese player overall.
 Solomon James Owello (born 25 December 1988) is a Nigerian football midfielder who currently plays for IK Start.
 Lee Hui-Won (born 13 February 1952) is a South Korean former volleyball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
 Martin Baran (born 3 January 1988) is a Slovak football central defender or defensive midfielder who currently plays for the Polish Ekstraklasa club Jagiellonia Białystok.
 Han Lin(林瀚) (born January 1 1985) is a Taiwanese baseball player who plays for the Taiwan Cooperative Bank baseball team. He is a cousin of former Taiwan national team pitcher Cheng-Hsun Hsieh.Lin played for Taiwan in the 2001 World Youth Baseball Championship and 2006 World University Baseball Championship. In the 2006 Haarlem Baseball Week he went 1 for 11 in his first action with a senior Taiwan national team.
 Daniel Dhers (born March 25 1985 in Caracas Venezuela) is a professional BMX rider. He is currently sponsored by Red Bull POC DC Shoes Specialized Albe's Mailorder and Verizon. Dhers resides in Greenville North Carolina known as Protown USA because of the strong concentration of BMX riders that live there including Dave Mirra.
 Salvatore D'Elia (born 10 February 1989) is an Italian footballer who plays for Vicenza Calcio in the Italian Lega Pro Prima Divisione.
 Mihály Tóth (born 27 December 1974) is a Hungarian footballer who last plays for Diósgyőri VTK of Hungary. He previously played for MFC Sopron and Fredrikstad F.K. of Norway.
 Stewart Murray Skip Alexander Jr. (August 6 1918 – October 24 1997) was an American collegiate and professional golfer. Alexander was born in Philadelphia Pennsylvania but was raised in Durham North Carolina. He attended Duke University from 1937 to 1940.
 Mphamed Essam (Arabic: محمد عصام الدين‎) (born on 1 January 1994) is an Egyptian Football Midfielder who last played for Legia II Warsaw in Poland. Essam joined Legia Warsaw in May 2013. His contract was terminated in January 2014. In February it was announced that Essam is on trial for Finnish side FC Jazz.He has previously played for Wadi Degla FC in the Egyptian Premier League. Essam has also been a member of the Egypt U-20 squad.
 Tom Sayers (15 or 25 May 1826 – 8 November 1865) was an English bare-knuckle prize fighter. There were no formal weight divisions at the time and although Sayers was only five feet eight inches tall and never weighed much more than 150 pounds he frequently fought much bigger men.
 Asghar Hajiloo is an Iranian football Defender who played for Iran in the 1984 Asian Cup. He also played for Esteghlal.
 Katja Schülke (born 18 March 1984) is a German team handball player. She plays on the German national team and participated at the 2011 World Women's Handball Championship in Brazil.
 John Daniel Lazar is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched in parts of two seasons 1968 and 1969 for the Chicago White Sox. An alum of Indiana State University Lazar was elected to the ISU Hall of Fame in 2008 and inducted in 2009.He was a 2x All-ICC pitcher for the Sycamores; he led them in strikeouts and wins from 1963-65 he continues to hold the strikeouts_single-game record at 16.
 Darryl Marvin Carlton (May 24 1953 – April 21 1994) was a professional American football offensive tackle in the National Football League. He was a 1st round selection (23rd overall pick) in the 1975 NFL Draft out of the University of Tampa by the Miami Dolphins. He would go on to play for the Dolphins (1975–1976) and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers (1977–1979).
 Regina Halmich (born 22 November 1976) is a female boxer from Germany. Halmich is among the most successful female boxers of all time and helped popularise female boxing in Europe.
 Robinson Pitalúa Támara (September 3 1964 – September 22 1985) was a Colombian boxer who represented his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles in the Men's Bantamweight division.Born in Montería Córdoba Pitalúa won the bronze medal in the same weight category a year earlier at the 1983 Pan American Games. He died in a drowning accident 1985 in Miami Florida USA.
 Tom Jones Tikolo (born October 24 1961 in Kakamega) is a former Kenyan cricketer. He captained Kenya in 22 ICC Trophy games more than anyone else. Despite that he only played in one first class match although he did well scoring 79 in one innings. After ending his playing career Tikolo became the development officer for East Africa. In 2005 he was named as the new CEO of Cricket Kenya and also as a national selector.
 David Dave Holland (born 1 September 1887 in Gloucester — died 7 March 1945(1945-03-07) (aged 57) in Gloucester) was an English dual-code international rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1910s and '20s playing representative level rugby union (RU) for England and at club level for Gloucester RFC as a Forward and playing representative level rugby league (RL) for Great Britain and at club level for Oldham as a Prop Second-row Loose forward/Lock i.e.
 Donald Anthony Croftcheck (born September 12 1942 in Allison Pennsylvania) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the Chicago Bears. He played college football at Indiana University and was drafted in the eighth round of the 1965 NFL Draft. Croftcheck was also selected in the seventeenth round of the 1965 AFL Draft by the Kansas City Chiefs.
 Bristol Robotham Lord (born September 21 1883 in Upland Pennsylvania – November 13 1964 in Annapolis Maryland) was a professional baseball player who played outfielder in the Major Leagues from 1905-1913. He played for the Cleveland Naps Philadelphia Athletics and Boston Braves.Lord is best known for the deal that sent him to the A's in 1910.
 Vito Petrella (born 12 April 1965 in Gloucester Great Britain) is a retired Italian sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.
 José Andrés Bilibio Estigarribia (born 2 January 1975 in Corrientes) is a naturalized Armenian football defender. He currently plays for CF Vilanova in the Group 5 of the Spanish Tercera División.
 Anton Nikolayevich Kurbatov (Russian: Антон Николаевич Курбатов; born May 14 1991) is a Russian football midfielder who currently plays for FC Oryol.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Rusichi Oryol on August 11 2011 in a game against FC Gubkin.
 Michael Krumm (born 19 March 1970 in Reutlingen Germany) is an auto racing driver who won the 2011 FIA GT1 World Championship driving for JR Motorsports. Krumm married tennis player Kimiko Date on 1 December 2001 at St. Mary's Cathedral Tokyo. They currently reside in Tokyo.
 Brady Jones (born 16 September 1988) is an Australian cricketer who played for Tasmania.Jones played 17 first class matches but at the end of the 2011–12 season his contract with Cricket Tasmania was not renewed. Jones subsequently joined Clarence Football Club and played in the Tasmanian Football League. He was selected for the TFL representative side to play the VFL becoming the first person to represent Tasmania in both football and cricket in the same year.
 Filipe Luís Kasmirski known as Filipe Luís (born 9 August 1985) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Atlético Madrid in La Liga as a left back.A player of tireless approach he played most of his professional career in Spain most notably for Deportivo de La Coruña which he represented four seasons and Atlético Madrid.
 Arthur S. Mazmanian (born May 1 1927 at Detroit Michigan) is a retired American baseball coach and manager. He was the longtime baseball coach at Dorsey High School of Los Angeles California his alma mater then spent 31 seasons (1968–98) as head coach of baseball at Mount San Antonio College of Walnut California where his teams won 709 games and had only two losing campaigns.
 Steven Bernard Hosey (born April 2 1969 in Oakland California) is a former right fielder in Major League Baseball. He appeared in only 24 major league games all with the San Francisco Giants.Hosey attended Fremont High School in Oakland and stayed in California attending college at Fresno State University. At 6 ft 3 in (1.91 m) 218 pounds Hosey was originally drafted by the Cleveland Indians in the 19th round of the 1986 draft.
 Ghulam Mustafa Guard About this sound pronunciation (12 December 1925 Surat Gujarat – 13 March 1978 Ahmedabad Gujarat) was an Indian cricketer who played in two Tests from 1958 to 1960.Ghulam Guard 'a tall high-shouldered man who shuffled up to the wicket in twelve steps and ran the ball away from the right-handed batsmen at distinctly above medium pace especially when fresh' was the first left-hander to open the bowling for India.
 Runa Reta (born December 14 1980 in Ottawa) is a professional squash player who represents Canada. She reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 29 in October 2007.
 Lance Friesz (born September 16 1983 in Mission Viejo California) is a football (soccer) goalkeeper currently playing for amateur team Pateadores SC in the Coast Soccer League.
 Troy McIntosh (born March 29 1973) is a male sprinter from The Bahamas. He represented his nation at the Summer Olympics in 1996 and 2000. He had his greatest achievements with the Bahamian 4×400 metres relay team. He won the bronze medal in that event at the 2000 Summer Olympics after the United States team were retrospectively disqualified due to doping.
 Jéferson Rodrigues Gonçalves or simply Jéferson (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈʒɛfiʁsõ]; born July 15 1984 in Brasília) is a Brazilian footballer.
 Gert Wilhelm Tank van Rooyen (9 December 1892 – 21 September 1942) also known as George van Rooyen was a South African international rugby union and rugby league footballer. His position was at lock.
 William Hiram Wright was a professional baseball player. He played in one game in Major League Baseball as a catcher for the Washington Nationals in 1887.
 Horace Cornellius Copeland (born January 2 1971) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for seven seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers Miami Dolphins and Oakland Raiders. Copeland was drafted in the 4th round (#103 overall) of the 1993 NFL Draft.Copeland is a graduate of Maynard Evans High School in Orlando Florida where he also established state records in the high jump and long jump.
 Vernon Paris (born January 5 1988 Detroit Michigan) is a light welterweight American boxer. In summer 2006 he was shot three times in an attempted murder attack and as a result still has a bullet lodged in his back and another in his thigh.He has one defeat but three of his victories were nullified (ruled no contests) after Paris tested positive for marijuana in post-fight drug tests.
 Sandro Vigliano is an Italian rugby union footballer of the 1930s and '40s playing at representative level for Italy (Captain) and at club level for CUS Torino Rugby and R.S. Ginnastica Torino as a Flanker i.e. number 6 or 7.
 Hiroshi Morita (森田 浩史 Morita Hiroshi born May 18 1978 in Kumamoto) is a Japanese football player who has recently played for Thai Port FC.Morita previously played in the J. League for Sagan Tosu Albirex Niigata Omiya Ardija and Ventforet Kofu.
 For the musician see Daryl Hall
 Piotr Madejski (born 2 August 1983 in Kraków) is a Polish footballer (midfielder) who plays for Miedź Legnica.
 Reginald D. Smith (born August 21 1970) is an American former professional basketball player who played in the NBA for the Portland Trail Blazers.
 Ernest Maurice Kiki Vandeweghe III (born August 1 1958) is a basketball executive currently the VP of basketball operations of the NBA a retired American professional basketball player and was formerly general manager of the Denver Nuggets and the New Jersey Nets and a head coach of the Nets.Vandeweghe was born in Wiesbaden West Germany the son of former NBA player Ernie Vandeweghe and Colleen Kay Hutchins the winner of the 1952 Miss America pageant.
 Khadim Faye (born 5 September 1970) is a Senegalese retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
 Hans Leitert (born 15 January 1973) is an Austrian goalkeeping coach. He has coached at VfB Mödling SK Rapid Vienna FK Austria Vienna the Austria national under-21 team Panathinaikos and Tottenham Hotspur. He joined Tottenham in May 2008 from Recreativo de Huelva replacing Hans Segers who left the club in October 2007 following Juande Ramos's appointment as manager.
 Ranko Golijanin (Serbian Cyrillic: Ранко Голијанин; born January 18 1975) is a Serbian footballer playing for SC Waterloo Region of the Canadian Soccer League.
 Gary George Hallberg (born May 31 1958) is an American professional golfer who has played on the PGA Tour Nationwide Tour and Champions Tour.Hallberg was born in Berwyn Illinois. He attended Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem North Carolina and was a member of the golf team. He was a member of the 1977 Walker Cup team and was the individual medalist at the 1979 NCAA Division I Men's Golf Championships.
 Thomas Arthur Hilditch (10 January 1885 – 7 August 1957) was an English cricketer. Hilditch was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast-medium. He was born at Sandbach Cheshire.Hilditch made his first-class debut for Warwickshire against Northamptonshire in the 1907 County Championship. In that season and the one which followed Hilditch made six first-class appearances for the county.
 Dominik Mašek (born 10 July 1995) is a professional Czech football player currently playing for Hamburger SV as a striker.He made his league debut on 28 May 2011 (age 15 years 322 days) and became the youngest ever Gambrinus Liga player a record he holds to this day.[citation needed]
 Ivan Jević (Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Јевић Chinese: 耶域治 Jević born July 23 1975 in Belgrade) is a Serbian footballer currently playing as a defender for FK Brodarac.
 Kraig Kinser (born October 8 1984 Bloomington Indiana) is an American race car driver. He was previously a member of the Ginn Racing driver development program. He is the son of the champion World of Outlaws sprint car racer Steve Kinser as well as the cousin of WoO competitor Mark Kinser.
 Luca Ansoldi (born January 5 1982 in Merano Italy) is an Italian professional ice hockey player who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Italian National men's ice hockey team.
 Clyde Leroy Sukeforth (November 30 1901 – September 3 2000) nicknamed Sukey was a Major League Baseball catcher coach scout and manager. He was best known for signing the Major Leagues' first black player in the modern era Jackie Robinson after Robinson was scouted by Tom Greenwade in the Negro Leagues.
 Iain Robert Balshaw MBE (born 18 April 1979) is a rugby union player who plays on the wing or at full back for Biarritz Olympique.
 IJames Sidney Dean Sid Rawlings (5 May 1913 – 1956) was a professional footballer who played for Preston North End Huddersfield Town West Bromwich Albion Northampton Town Millwall and Plymouth Argyle (1946/47 & 1947/48 seasons) He was born in Wombwell South Yorkshire.Rawlings played for Everton FC during World War II having initially played on loan from Millwall and then signed permanently in 1940.
 Ernest Castle Sykes (31 May 1869 – 30 November 1925) was an English cricketer. Sykes was a right-handed batsman who played primarily as a wicketkeeper.Sykes represented Hampshire in one first-class match in 1896 against the touring Australians. Dean was 0* at the close of Hampshire's first innings and their second innings scored Sykes scored 5* leaving him with no batting average due to his not out scores.Sykes died in Bolsover Derbyshire on 30 November 1925.
 Ernest Frederick Ernie Edds (born 19 March 1926) is an English former footballer who played as a forward. He made 190 appearances in the Football League for Plymouth Argyle Blackburn Rovers Torquay United and Swindon Town.
 Michal Pintér (born 4 February 1994) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club Zlaté Moravce.
 Alan Forrest is a Scottish footballer who currently plays for Scottish League One side Ayr United.
 Panomkorn Saisorn (Thai พนมกรณ์ สายสอน) is a Thai futsal Midfielder and is a member of Thailand national futsal team.
 George Paul Lombard (born September 14 1975 in Atlanta Georgia) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. Lombard was drafted in the second round by the Atlanta Braves in the 1994 Major League Baseball Draft the same year that he graduated from The Lovett School in Atlanta. He played for the Braves Detroit Tigers Tampa Bay Devil Rays and Washington Nationals.
 Bogdan Nicolae (born 26 April 1976 Bucureşti) is a former Romanian footballer. He last played for Juventus Bucureşti
 Roger Laka is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who currently plays for the Enga Mioks in PNG. His position is at halfback.
 Anthony Allen Lerew (born October 28 1982) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the York Revolution of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball.
 Julie Gore (born 5 August 1958) is a Welsh female darts player.
 Patricia Maldonado (born November 15 1991) is a long-distance and open water swimmer from Venezuela. She has swum for Venezuela at the:2008 Open Water Worlds (5K)2008 South American Championships2009 World Championships (5K and 10K)↑
 Marcus LeMarr Allen (born March 26 1960) is a former American football running back and football analyst for CBS. As a professional Allen ran for 12243 yards and caught 587 passes for 5412 yards during his career for both the Los Angeles Raiders and the Kansas City Chiefs from 1982 to 1997. He scored 145 touchdowns including a then league record 123 rushing touchdowns and was elected to six Pro Bowls over the course of his career.
 Patricia (Trish) Cockrem (born 17 May 1961) is a former Australian women's basketball player.
 Carl Hartmann (8 February 1894 – 24 June 1943) was a German international footballer who played for Union Potsdam and Victoria Hamburg.
 Jack Scott (born 27 October 1915 date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the VFL from 1939 to 1945 for the Richmond Football Club.
 Rafael Guijosa Castillo (born 31 January 1969 in Alcalá de Henares) is a former Spanish handball player and current manager of Iran national handball team. When playing for the Spanish national team he won bronze medals both in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta and in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.Guijosa was voted World Player of the Year 1999 by the International Handball Federation.
 William Billy Wiles (born 1971) is an American professional wrestler better known by the ring names Billy Wiles and Bilvis Wesley. He is best known for his appearances in Extreme Championship Wrestling in the late 1990s and early 2000s where he was part of the New Dangerous Alliance often teaming with C.W. Anderson.
 Hiroki Ueno (上野 大樹 born October 13 1986 in Adachi Tokyo) is a Japanese professional baseball pitcher for the Chiba Lotte Marines in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.
 Joseph Halpin Fargis IV (born April 2 1948) is an American show jumping champion. In 1984 Fargis participated in the 1984 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles where he won a gold medal in individual jumping with the American-bred Thoroughbred bay mare Touch of Class. He participated on the American winning team in the Team Jumping in 1984 and again in 1988 in Seoul where he finished second while riding the Irish bred liver chesnut mare Mill Pearl.
 Celestino Tino Tugot (6 April 1910 – 18 January 2010) was a Filipino professional golfer.Tugot won his national open title six times between 1949 and 1962 including four consecutively from 1955 and represented the Philippines in the World Cup on ten occasions.
 Stergios Psianos (Greek: Στέργιος Ψιάνος born 12 September 1989 in Kozani) is a Greek footballer who plays for Nea Salamina as a right defender.
 Baek Min-chul (Korean: 백민철; born 2 April 1986 in Seoul) is a Korean professional ice hockey center. He is playing in his rookie year for Anyang Halla.
 Daizee Haze (born May 11 1983) is an American former professional wrestler. She is best known for her time on the independent circuit where she performed for numerous promotions such as Chikara Ring of Honor and Shimmer Women Athletes where she was a one-time Tag Team Champion.
 Calvin Lawrence Cal Christensen (July 8 1927 – August 31 2011) was an American basketball player.He played collegiately for the University of Toledo.He was selected by the Tri-Cities Blackhawks in the 5th round of the 1950 NBA Draft.He played for the Blackhawks (1950–51) Milwaukee Hawks (1951–52) and Rochester Royals (1952–55) in the NBA for 291 games. He died in 2011.
 Hamid Azizadeh Toroghi (Persian: حمید عزیززاده طرقی‎ born June 6 1981) is an Iranian football defender. He currently plays for Esteghlal in the Iran Pro League.
 Alexei Dmitrievich Shirov (Russian: Алексей Дмитриевич Широв Latvian: Aleksejs Širovs; born July 4 1972) is a Soviet-born Latvian chess grandmaster. He has consistently ranked among the world's top players since the early 1990s and reached a ranking as high as number four in 1998. Shirov is also a well-regarded chess author.
 Tibor Molnár (born 12 May 1993 in Székesfehérvár) is a Hungarian professional footballer who plays for Ferenc Puskás Football Academy.
 Bert Manderson (9 May 1893 – 27 April 1946) was an Irish footballer who played for Rangers and Ireland.Manderson a right-back made his Rangers debut in a 1-1 draw with Aberdeen on 27 March 1915. He had joined Rangers from Glenavon for £150. He previously had spells at Cliftonville and Belfast Celtic. He went on to make 370 league appearances (452 in total) in 12 seasons with the club winning seven Scottish league titles.
 Peter Joseph Davy (born 1 July 1974 in Dublin Republic of Ireland is an Irish cricketer. A right-handed batsman he made his debut for the Ireland cricket team in a match against Scotland in August 1995 and went on to play for them 44 times in all his last match coming against an England amateur team in July 2002.Of his matches for Ireland two had first-class status and eight had List A status.
 Henry J. Mullin (1862–1937) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. He played for the 1884 Washington Nationals in the American Association and Boston Reds in the Union Association. He played in the New England League in 1885–1886.
 Néstor Gabriel Subiat (born 23 April 1966 in Buenos Aires Argentina) is a retired Argentine-Swiss footballer who played as a striker.He never played professionally in his country representing several clubs in France and Switzerland and appearing with the Swiss national team at the 1994 World Cup.
 Darren Jackson (born 25 July 1966 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish former international footballer who played predominantly as a striker. After working as an agent he is now a coach at former club Dundee United.
 David Nelson (3 February 1918 – 1988) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a wing half.
 Brad Dexter (born March 29 1972) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who has served as an assistant coach with the Colgate Raiders of the ECAC Hockey conference in the NCAA since 2005.Dexter was a four-year letterwinner in hockey at Colgate. He was named to the All-America second team and all-ECAC Hockey first team as a senior in 1996.
 Vijay Yadav About this sound pronunciation (born 14 March 1967 in Gonda) is a former cricketer. A wicketkeeper and an aggressive lower-order batsman Yadav played 19 One Day Internationals from 1992 to 1994 and appeared once for India in Test cricket.A member of Haryana's first class team Yadav won the Ranji Trophy with them in 1990-91 taking 24 catches and six stumpings in the campaign.
 Park Kang-Jin (born 9 August 1988) is a South Korean association footballer currently playing for Balestier Khalsa in the Singaporean S.League.
 Donna Lee Wennerstrom (born March 30 1960) is an American former competition swimmer and Pan American Games champion. Wennerstrom represented the United States at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal Quebec. She finished sixth in the final of the women's 400-meter individual medley with a time of 4:55.34. She also competed in the preliminary heats of the women's 200-meter butterfly recording a best time of 2:15.56.
 Nicole Rajičová or Rajic (born August 13 1995) is a Slovak figure skater. She is the 2012 Merano Cup silver medalist and the 2013 Slovak national champion.Rajičová was born in New York to Slovak parents. By the age of five she began taking figure skating lessons in Long Island from Milada Kubikova-Stastny a former Olympian for Czechoslovakia. Early in her career she competed as Nicole Rajic. When she began representing Slovakia she adopted the feminine form.
 Siarhei Hryanan is a paralympic athlete from Belarus competing mainly in category F12 shot putt and discus events.Siarhai competed in the shot and discus in both the 2004 and 2008 Summer Paralympics winning a bronze medal in the F13 discus in the 2004 games.
 Denys Sokolovskyi (born 26 March 1979 in Donetsk) is a retired Ukrainian professional football player who played for several clubs in Europe including FC Metalurh Donetsk and FC Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League Panionios FC in the Greek Superleague and Pogoń Szczecin the Polish Ekstraklasa.Sokolovskyi had brief stints with clubs in Greece and Poland before returning to Ukraine with FC Vorskla Poltava for the 2002 season.
 Chikezie Russell Okeafor (/ˈtʃiːkeɪ ˈoʊkəfər/; born March 27 1976) is a former professional American football player. During his National Football League career from 1999 to 2009 he played defensive end and linebacker for the San Francisco 49ers the Seattle Seahawks and the Arizona Cardinals.
 Ken Hall (born 13 November 1980) is a former Australian rules football player from Tasmania. After playing junior football in his home state and spending two years in the seniors at North Hobart Hall moved to Victoria in 2001 to play for Essendon Football Club's reserves side in the Victorian Football League (VFL). Hall played for the reserves for a year before being drafted onto Essendon's rookie list for the 2002 season.
 Morten Christiansen (born 4 January 1978) is a Danish professional football midfielder who currently plays for the Danish Superliga side Lyngby Boldklub.
 Juan Francisco Manzanon Hernández Díaz (born 24 June 1978) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a centre– back. He currently plays for Cobresol in the Torneo Descentralizado. He is the older brother of Luis Alberto Hernández.
 Ramón Antonio Fumadó Rodríguez (born December 28 1981 in Caracas Distrito Capital) is a male diver from Venezuela who competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country starting in 2000. He claimed two gold medals at the 2008 South American Swimming Championships in São Paulo.
 Paolo Andrea Pietro Vernazza (born 1 November 1979) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder.
 Josef Čipera (born 12 January 1888 date of death unknown) was a Bohemian fencer. He competed in the team sabre event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
 Antonis Papasavvas (Greek: Αντώνης Παπασάββας born 20 March 1995) is a Greek footballer who currently plays for Superleague Greece club Olympiacos as a midfielder.
 Andrew Hunter Barker (born 7 August 1945) is a former English cricketer. Barker was a left-handed batsman who bowled slow left-arm orthodox. He was born at Salisbury Wiltshire. He was educated at Charterhouse School and later Oxford University.In 1963 Barker joined Wiltshire. He made his Minor Counties Championship debut for the county against Berkshire. From 1963 to 1973 he represented the county in 27 Minor Counties Championship matches the last of which came against Berkshire.
 Altay Kahraman (born 28 July 1989) is a footballer from Switzerland who previously played as midfielder for FC Aarau in the Swiss Super League.
 Ekenechukwu Ekene Brian Ibekwe (born July 19 1985) is a professional basketball player of Nigerian descent from the United States. Ibekwe who also played for the Carson High School's boys basketball team graduated from the University of Maryland at College Park and was a member of the Nigerian national basketball team at the 2006 FIBA World Championship. He is a power forward-center.
 Kendrick Dwayne Shedd (born February 14 1971) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League for the New York Jets Chicago Bears Oakland Raiders and the Washington Redskins. He also played a season in 1996 on the Barcelona Dragons in the World League of American Football.
 Guy Dufour (born 14 March 1987 in Mol) is a Belgian football (soccer) player who currently play as a midfielder for Sint-Truiden.
 Brian Jacks (born 5 October 1946) is a British judoka who won Britain's first medal at a world championship taking a bronze in Salt Lake City in 1967 and gained a second bronze at the 1972 Munich Olympics.
 William Samuel Bill Roberts (born 12 July 1908 in Bargoed Wales and died 22 February 1976 in Bristol) was a Welsh footballer who played as a right back. He made over 170 Football League appearances in the years before the Second World War.
 Gerald Alexander Tinker (born January 19 1951) is a former track athlete and American football player winner of gold medal in the 4 x 100 metres relay at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
 Mijat Gaćinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Мијат Гаћиновић born 8 February 1995) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Serbian SuperLiga club FK Vojvodina. He is son of former Yugoslav footballer Vladimir Gaćinović.[citation needed]
 Royal Terence Ivey (born December 20 1981) is an American professional basketball player.
 Murray Paul Watkinson (11 June 1939 – 19 January 2004) was a New Zealand rower. He competed at the 1964 and 1972 Summer Olympics in the single sculls and finished in fifth and tenth place respectively. He won a European bronze medal in this even in 1972.Watkinson started training in 1953 at the West End Rowing Club. He won his first major title a silver medal in the double sculls at the 1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games partnering with his brother Peter.
 Airil Rizman also known as Airil Rizman Zahari (born 22 April 1978) is a Malaysian professional golfer. Rizman was born in Kuala Lumpur. He was the Malaysian national amateur champion in 1998 1999 and 2001 and a team gold medalist at the 2001 Southeast Asian Games. He was won several titles on the Malaysian PGA Tour where he topped the order of merit in 2005. He first played on the Asian Tour in 2003 but did not have any top ten finishes through 2006.
 Sergei Gennadyevich Slavnov (Russian: Серге́й Геннадьевич Славнов; born 11 March 1982) is a Russian pair skater. He is best known for his partnership with Julia Obertas with whom he competed from 2003 to 2007. Together they are the 2005 European silver medalists. Previously Slavnov competed with Julia Karbovskaya with whom he is the 2002 World Junior silver medalist.
 Ilia Dyakov (born 29 September 1963) is a Bulgarian former footballer who played as a defender. He was selected for the Bulgaria squad at the 1986 FIFA World Cup but did not play. He did play in the qualifying campaigns for the 1986 tournament winning 5 caps. In club football he spent his whole career in his native country where he represented his hometown club Dobrudzha Drobich CSKA Sofia and Slavia Sofia.
 Cierre Marcelle Wood (born February 21 1991) is an American football running back who currently plays for the Baltimore Ravens. He played college football at Notre Dame. He has been a member of the Houston Texans and New England Patriots
 Thomas Jacob is a South Sudanese footballer who currently plays as a midfielder.
 Gregory Daren Adams (born August 1 1963) is a Canadian former ice hockey winger who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1984 to 2001.
 Paul William Woods (born April 12 1955 in Hespeler Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1977 through 1984. He currently serves as a color commentator for the Detroit Red Wings on radio station 97.1 FM The Ticket.
 Edwin Wakelin (18 October 1880 - 13 August 1925) was an English cricketer who played a single first-class game for Worcestershire against Essex in 1910; he scored a mere 6 in his only innings before being dismissed by Walter Mead.Munn was born in Cowley St John Oxford; he died aged just 44 in St Giles also in Oxford.
 Iain MacDonald-Smith (born 3 July 1945) is a British sailor and Olympic Champion. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City and won a gold medal in the Flying Dutchman class together with Rodney Pattisson.
 Tal Kachila (Hebrew: טל כחילה‎; born June 26 1992) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays as a centre-back for Beitar Jerusalem.
 Thomas Tom Galley (4 August 1915 – 12 July 2000) was an English international footballer who spent the majority of his league career with Wolverhampton Wanderers.
 Marin Tufan (born 16 October 1942) is a former Romanian football player; he played as a striker for FC Farul Constanţa.
 Frank Matich (born 1935) was an Australian racing car driver. A highly successful motor racing competitor in the 1960s and 70s Matich built his own range of Matich sports cars and open wheel cars mainly to support his own career but some cars found success with other drivers.
 George Hazle (3 October 1924 – 30 November 2011) was a South African racewalker. He competed in the 20km and 50km walking events at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
 Wojciech Fibak (or Wojtek Fibak; born August 30 1952 in Poznań) is a Polish former tennis player best known for his doubles success with Tom Okker and Kim Warwick but also for having reached the Top 10 in singles.Born in Poznań Poland he won his first tournament in 1976 and between then and 1982 won 15 singles titles and 52 doubles titles. His best year was arguably 1980 when he reached the quarter-finals at the French Open the US Open and Wimbledon.
 Kenny Wharton (born November 28 1960 in Newcastle upon Tyne) is an English former professional footballer who was most recently academy coach for Newcastle United.
 Matti Hietanen (born 3 January 1983) is a professional volleyball player from Finland. His current club is Framasil Cucine Pineto in Italy A1-league.
 Rohō Yukio (born March 9 1980 as Soslan Feliksovich Boradzov Russian: Сослан Феликсович Борадзов in Vladikavkaz Republic of North Ossetia–Alania in the Russian Federation) is a former sumo wrestler. The highest rank he achieved was komusubi. His younger brother is also a former sumo wrestler under the name of Hakurozan. In September 2008 both were banned from the sport for life after testing positive for cannabis.
 Tyler Simpson (28 August 1985 – 26 May 2011) was an Australian football (soccer) player who played as a Central or Right Back. He was the twin of fellow footballer Jordan Simpson.
 Frank Frankie Genaro (né DiGennaro August 26 1901 – December 27 1966) was a former Olympic gold medalist and boxing world flyweight champion. He is credited with engaging in 130 bouts recording 96 victories (19 KO's) 26 losses 8 draws and 4 No Decisions.
 Paul Matthes (6 March 1879 – 1948) was a German international footballer.
 Kenny Aird (born 13 April 1947 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former footballer who played for Celtic St. Mirren St. Johnstone Hearts Toronto Metros and Arbroath.
 Emir Bekrić (Serbian Cyrillic: Емир Бекрић born 14 March 1991 in Belgrade SR Serbia Yugoslavia) is a Serbian hurdler who specialises and holds the Serbian national record for the 400 metres hurdles. He is coached by Mirjana Stojanović. In 2013 Bekrić became the first male track and field athlete from Serbia to win a medal at the IAAF Outdoor World Championships.
 Terron Armstead (born July 23 1991) is an American football offensive tackle for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League (NFL). Armstead played college football for the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff. The New Orleans Saints chose him in the third round of the 2013 NFL Draft.
 Facundo Andrés Affranchino (born 9 February 1990 in Paraná Entre Ríos) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Belgrano on loan from River Plate.
 Rorys Andrés Aragón Espinoza (born 28 June 1982) commonly known as Rorys Aragón is an Ecuadorian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Barcelona and the Ecuadorian national team.
 Christopher Chris Marsden (born 3 January 1969) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League and Premier League for Sheffield United Huddersfield Town Coventry City Wolverhampton Wanderers Notts County Stockport County Birmingham City Southampton and Sheffield Wednesday and in the Korean K-League for Busan I'Park. He led Southampton to the 2003 FA Cup Final which they lost 1–0 to Arsenal.
 Brice Ntambwe (born 29 April 1993) is a Belgian footballer who plays for Belgian Pro League club Mons. He began his football career in the youth system of FC Brussels before moving to England to join Birmingham City. He turned professional with Birmingham but never made a first-team appearance and joined Mons in January 2013. A midfielder he has represented Belgium in international football at levels up to under-21.
 Lucia Romanov-Stark (née Romanov; born 28 April 1959) is a professional Romanian retired tennis player and former member of the Romania Fed Cup team. On January 31 1983 she reached her highest WTA singles ranking of World number 49.
 Dragan Mance (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Манце) (26 September 1962 – 3 September 1985) was a footballer of FK Partizan Belgrade.
 Philip Phil Ketter (born Philip Ketterer April 13 1884 – April 9 1965) was an American Major League Baseball catcher who played for the St. Louis Browns in 1912.
 Ernesto Azzini (Rodigo 17 October 1885 – Milan 14 July 1923) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer. He was the first Italian cyclist to win a stage in the Tour de France in 1910.
 Gregory Greg Franchi (born in 6 April 1982 Flémalle) is a Belgian racing driver.
 Roberto Baronio (born 11 December 1977 in Manerbio) is an Italian football midfielder. He plays in the position of deep-lying playmaker.[citation needed]
 Lee Jung-Eun (born 9 April 1988) is a South Korean judoka. She won a Bronze medal in the +78 kg at the 2013 World Judo Championships.
 George Bates (born 5 January 1914) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood Richmond and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).Bates returned to his original club Northcote after just once season at Collingwood. He was a centre half-back in Northcote's 1934 premiership team and had a starring role in another premiership two years later.He resumed his VFL career in 1937 and made 14 appearances that year including a semi final.
 Robbie Fradd (born 4 December 1964 in South Africa) is a jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing.Robbie Fradd has ridden in his native South Africa and in Mauritius Australia New Zealand Dubai Japan Singapore and Hong Kong. He was the leading jockey for the 2000/2001 Hong Kong racing season.
 Paul Carey (born September 24 1988 in Boston Massachusetts) is an American ice hockey center currently playing for the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Zhang Anda (born December 25 1991) is a Chinese professional snooker player who made his debut on the Main Tour for the 2009/2010 season. He qualified by winning the ACBS Asian Under-21 Championship.Standing at 5 ft 3ins tall he is nicknamed Mighty Mouse. Zhang lives in Romford England during the snooker season and is managed by Grove Leisure practising at their Academy facility which is also based in Romford.
 Suzanne Helena Johanna Harmes (born January 10 1986 in Zoetermeer) is a Dutch gymnast.In 2002 she won the silver medal at the European Championships in Patras as a part of the Dutch team alongside Gabriella Wammes Renske Endel Monique Nuijten and Verona van de Leur. A year later she became Dutch National Champion for the first time in her career. Harmes represented the Netherlands at the 2004 Summer Olympics where she finished 42nd overall.
 Marrit Leenstra (born 10 May 1989) is a Dutch long track speed skater.
 Chen Zhongliu (Chinese: 陈中流; Pinyin: Chén Zhōngliú; born 30 September 1993 in Duyun Guizhou) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Hangzhou Greentown in the Chinese Super League.
 Robin John Holden (born 1 December 1932 in Notting Hill Victoria) is an Australian racing driver. Holden raced small-engined touring cars throughout his career racing Peugeots in the early 1960s establishing a reputation for himself which saw him become a regular part of BMC Australias racing program for Minis which culminated with a victory in the 1966 Bathurst 500 co-driving with Rauno Aaltonen.
 Cao Tianbao (Chinese: 曹添堡; pinyin: Cáo Tiānbǎo; born 3 April 1982 in Shenyang) is a Chinese football striker who currently plays for Changchun Yatai in the Chinese Super League Primarily plays in the position of second striker.
 Cari Dominguez (born 10 October 1992) is a Dominican handball player for Maquiteria Handball and the Dominican Republic national team.
 Scott Anthony Murray Nelson (born 10 October 1969 in Auckland) is a New Zealand athlete specialising in race walking. He competed for New Zealand at the 1994 Commonwealth Games winning a bronze in the 30 km road walk. At the 1996 Summer Olympics he came 32nd in the 20 km road walk with a time of 1 hr 25m 50s.
 Stephen John Howard (born 7 February 1949 in Launceston Tasmania) is a former Australian cricketer who played for Tasmania. His career was from 1969 until 1980. His batting style was right-hand bat and his bowling style was right-arm medium.Howard debuted for Tasmania in a limited overs match against Victoria in late November 1969 and scored 39 not out winning the Man of the Match award. His first-class debut came a month later when Tasmania played a New Zealand XI in Hobart.
 Mobi Patrick Oparaku (born 1 December 1976 in Owerri Imo State) is a former Nigerian football player who last played for Enyimba International F.C..
 Leigh Brockman (born 23 July 1978) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL).Brockman came to Geelong via the 1996 National Draft at pick eight but played just two senior AFL games for the club as he struggled with injuries. He was rookie listed by Sydney in 2000 then elevated to the senior list in 2002 and made 10 appearances that year. He went to Glenelg after leaving the AFL.
 Blair Neil Joseph B. J. MacDonald (born November 17 1953 in Cornwall Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League and World Hockey Association between 1973 and 1983. He is best known for his time with the Edmonton Oilers the club where he spent the majority of his career and where he served as one of Wayne Gretzky's first linemates at the start of Gretzky's NHL career.
 John Rider (Jack) Lamason (born at Wellington New Zealand on 29 October 1905; died at Wellington on 25 June 1961) was a cricketer who played for Wellington from 1927-28 to 1946-47 and for New Zealand but not in Test matches.A hard-hitting middle order batsman and an occasional right-arm off break bowler Lamason played for seven years for Wellington in the Plunket Shield competition before his first century 103 against Otago in 1934-35.
 Leanne Slater (born 6 March 1984) is an Australian football (soccer) player currently playing for Australian W-League team Adelaide United.
 Gerard Moreno Balagueró (born 7 April 1992) simply known as Gerard is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for RCD Mallorca on loan from Villarreal CF as a striker.
 Ling Jie (born October 22 1982) is a retired Chinese artistic gymnast. She was the 1999 World Champion on the balance beam the 2000 Chinese all-around national champion and the silver medalist on the uneven bars at the 2000 Olympics in Sydney.Ling was also a member of the bronze medal winning team at the 2000 Olympics but the medal was stripped by the IOC in 2010 after one of the Chinese team members Dong Fangxiao was found to be underage during the competition.
 Anthony Mims (born July 27 1983) is an American football Cornerback who is a free agent. He was signed by the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent in 2006. He played college football at West Virginia.
 Ifeoma Nnenna Dieke (born 25 February 1981) is an American-born Scottish football defender currently playing for Vittsjö GIK of the Swedish Damallsvenskan. Since 2004 she has appeared on 90 occasions for the Scotland women's national football team. Dieke was born in Amherst Massachusetts to Nigerian parents moving to Cumbernauld in Scotland when she was three years old.
 Todd Dougherty born on February 17 1971 in Alburg Vermont United States was a minor league hockey defenceman. Todd played for the Lakeland Ice Warriors (SuHL) Utica Blizzard (CoHL) Richmond Renegades (ECHL) Huntsville Channel Cats in the SHL and CHL and Idaho Steelheads (WCHL). Todd was a member of the Huntsville Channel Cats championships in 1996 and 1999.Todd's first assistant coaching assignment was with the 2004-05 Huntsville Havoc in the SPHL.
 Leon Harris (born 9 November 1958) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the VFL during the 1980s. Harris played as a rover and finished runner up in Fitzroy's 1987 best and fairest awards. He was the first player in the history of the league to kick 100 goals with the number 38 guernsey.
 Richard Joseph Dick Garza (July 16 1931 – January 7 2002) better known as Mighty Igor Vodic or simply Mighty Igor was a professional wrestler. He is a one time American Wrestling Association World champion. As Mighty Igor he was frequently billed as the World's Strongest Wrestler.
 Stephen Michael Strachan (born March 22 1963 in Everett Massachusetts) is a former American football running back in the National Football League. He played for the Los Angeles Raiders. He played college football for the Boston College Eagles. He was the MVP of the 1985 Cotton Bowl Classic. He had 23 carries for 91 yards and two touchdowns.
 Silvano Martina (born March 20 1953 in Sarajevo SR Bosnia and Herzegovina now Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a retired Italian professional football player. He now works as an agent for Nemanja Vidić.
 Mohammad Nadeem Ghauri (Urdu: محمد نديم غورى‎ born 12 October 1962) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in one Test and six One Day Internationals (ODI) in 1990.
 Abhijit Das (born 10 July 1987) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for United S.C. in the I-League.
 Thorsten Becker (born 13 May 1980) is a German footballer who in 1992 moved from Fortuna Schlangen to SC Paderborn and has played in the club's first-team squad from 2001 to 2009. He helped Paderborn gain promotion to the second level of the Bundesliga in the 2004–05 season.
 Walter Raymond Kichefski (June 17 1916 – January 9 1992) was a professional football player in the He played in the league from 1940–1942 and again in 1944. Walt played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Card-Pitt a team that was the result of a temporary merger between the Chicago Cardinals and the Steelers. The teams merger was result of the manning shortages experienced league-wide due to World War II. Walter also served in the military during the war.
 Giuseppe Carlo Chiaramonte (born February 19 1976) is a retired professional baseball catcher.Chiaramonte attended Soquel High School in Soquel California and Fresno State University where he played for the Fresno State Bulldogs baseball team in the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) in National Collegiate Athletic Association's (NCAA) Division I.
 Milad Nouri (May 3 1986) is an Iranian football player who currently plays for Rah Ahan in IPL. He usually plays as a midfielder.
 José Bosingwa da Silva (born 24 August 1982) known as Bosingwa is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Trabzonspor in Turkey as a right back.An attacking fullback his pace and ability to get up and down the flanks creates problems for the opposition.
 Anıl Koç (born 29 January 1995) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Charlton Athletic on loan from Standard Liège.
 David Upton (born 30 October 1989) is an Australian ice hockey player currently playing for the Newcastle North Stars in the Australian Ice Hockey League.
 Desmond Patrick Des Bannon (born 19 April 1923) was a rugby union player who represented Australia.Bannon a fly-half was born in Haberfield New South Wales and claimed 1 international rugby cap for Australia.
 Apostolos Vellios (Greek: Απόστολος Βέλλιος) (born 8 January 1992) is a Greek footballer who plays as a striker for Everton. He also represents his country at U-21 level.
 Joanne Brown (born 7 April 1972 in Canberra) is a former softball catcher and outfielder from Australia who won a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics and 2000 Summer Olympics. She was inducted into the Softball Australia Hall of Fame in 2004. She was inducted into the International Softball Federation Hall of Fame in 2005.She played for the UCLA Bruins from 1991 -1993 and was a 1992 NCAA All American playing for the UCLA Bruins who won the 1992 NCAA Softball title.
 Charles Allen (31 May 1878 – 22 May 1958) was an English first class cricketer who played for Gloucestershire County Cricket Club. Both of the games that he played were for Gloucestershire. He was born and died in Cirencester.
 Diego Martín Meijide Blanco (born May 9 1976 in Montevideo) is a Spanish Association football player currently playing for CD Eldense in Tercera División - Group 6.In 2007-08 season he played for Real Oviedo the champions of the region of Asturias (winners Trofeo Principado 2007) and currently top of the Tercera division in Spain.Signed from F.C.
 Edem Kouamé Akrofi (born July 18 1990 in Accra) is a Ghanaian footballer.
 Dilshod Mukhtarov (Uzbek: Дильшод Мухтаров; born January 4 1975 in Tashkent) is an Uzbekistani sport shooter. Mukhtarov made his official debut at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney where he finished ninth in the men's 10 m air pistol with a score of 379 points tying his position with Russia's Vladimir Goncharov.
 Adam Raška (born November 26 1994) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He currently plays with HC Kometa Brno in the Czech Extraliga.Raška made his Czech Extraliga debut playing with HC Kometa Brno debut during the 2012–13 Czech Extraliga season.
 Wu Nan (simplified Chinese: 吴楠; traditional Chinese: 吳楠; pinyin: Wú Nán; born December 9 1991 in Beijing) is a Chinese ice dancer. His partner is Zhang Yiyi.
 Jorge Bardou (born March 5 1965 in Barcelona Spain) is a male former tennis player from Spain.Bardou represented his native country in the singles competition at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. He was eliminated in the second round there by Jakob Hlasek.Bardou's highest ranking in singles was World No. 173 which he reached on May 9 1985. His highest doubles ranking was World No. 104 which he reached on April 14 1986.
 Nicholas Nick Harrison is an American stock car racing crew chief working in the role on the No. 33 Camaro of Richard Childress Racing in the NASCAR Nationwide Series. Previously Harrison had worked in the Sprint Cup Series for Phoenix Racing.
 Dino Da Costa (born 1 August 1931) is a former professional footballer who played as a central midfielder or striker.Da Costa was born in Rio de Janeiro and began his football career in his native country with Botafogo for whom he scored 36 goals from 51 appearances in the Campeonato Carioca. He moved to Italy where he played for a number of clubs in Serie A: Roma for whom he scored 71 times in 149 appearances Fiorentina Atalanta and Juventus.
 Paul Poon Tak-Chun (traditional Chinese: 潘德俊) (born 12.03.1971) is a racing driver from Hong Kong China. He is the current Hong Kong Touring Car Championship champion.
 Ali Daïra (born February 2 1981 in Constantine) is an Algeria football player. He currently plays for CA Batna in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
 Andrew “Yogi” McKay is a retired Scottish-American association football (soccer) player who played professionally in the United States.McKay graduated from Arcadia High School in Greece New York. He attended Catawba College playing on the school’s soccer team in 1983 1985 and 1986. He holds numerous school records including goals scored in a game all time season and career assists leader. McKay played for Greece Soccer Club Rangers and Team Lapine both are amateur teams.
 Walter Earl Seibert (December 7 1911 - May 12 1990) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who played for 15 seasons for the Chicago Black Hawks New York Rangers and Detroit Red Wings.
 Jonas Olsson (born 21 March 1990) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Gefle IF as a defender.
 Harry Mortlock (13 October 1892 – 29 March 1963) was an English cricketer. He played for Essex between 1912 and 1921.
 Agostinho Odiquir Cá (born 24 July 1993) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Girona FC on loan from FC Barcelona B in Spain as a defensive midfielder.
 Antonio Llamas Tony Perezchica (April 20 1966 in Mexicali Mexico) is a retired Major League Baseball player who played infielder from 1988-1992. He is currently the minor league fielding coordinator for the Arizona Diamondbacks.
 Mike A. Caro (born May 16 1944 in Joplin MO) is a professional poker player pioneer poker theorist author of poker books and casino executive.
 Feng Zhe (simplified Chinese: 冯喆; traditional Chinese: 馮喆; pinyin: Féng Zhé; born November 19 1987 in Sichuan) is a male Chinese gymnast. He is the 2010 World Champion and the 2012 Olympic Champion on the Parallel bars.
 Marvin Daniel Levy (born August 3 1925) is a former American and Canadian football coach front office executive and author. He served as head coach in the Canadian Football League (CFL) for the Montreal Alouettes (1973–1977) and in the National Football League (NFL) for the Kansas City Chiefs (1978–1982) and the Buffalo Bills (1986–1997) coaching the Bills to four consecutive American Football Conference championships. He was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2001.
 Roy Asotasi (born 6 January 1982 in Auckland New Zealand) is a professional rugby league footballer for the Warrington Wolves of the Super League. A New Zealand international representative and also Samoan [[Rugby League positions#Prop forwardprop forward and he previously played for the Bulldogs with whom he won the 2004 NRL Premiership and the South Sydney Rabbitohs from 2007 to 2013.
 Kevin Zeitler (/ˈzaɪtlər/ ZYT-lər; born March 8 1990) is an American football guard for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Wisconsin-Madison and earned All-American honors. He was selected by the Bengals in the first round of the 2012 NFL Draft and was considered one of the best guard prospects in 2012.
 Anna Dogonadze (Georgian: ანა დოღონაძე) is a German athlete of Georgian origin who won a gold medal in the event of trampolining at the 2004 Summer Olympics.She was born on 15 February 1973 in Mtskheta Georgian SSR (present day Georgia). Prior to Georgian independence she competed for the Soviet Union and afterwards represented Georgia in international competition. Dogonadze became a German citizen after marrying a German national.
 Charles Dunbar Sharon (born April 4 1983 in Palatka Florida) is a former American football wide receiver who played for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League. He was originally signed by the Jaguars as an undrafted free agent in 2006. He played college football at the Bowling Green.
 Barry Clinton Windham (born July 4 1960) is an American semi-retired professional wrestler and the son of wrestler Blackjack Mulligan.
 Rafael Q. Meza (February 19 1958) is a retired jockey who competed in Thoroughbred horse racing in the United States.A native of Tijuana Mexico Meza began riding in California near the end of the 1970s. and would spend his career riding from a base in that State. In 1982 he was the second- leading rider at the spring/summer meeting at Golden Gate Fields and enjoyed his best year in racing in 1986 when he won six important races at tracks in California New York and Louisiana.
 Sarah Fullerton (born March 8 1991 in Charlottetown Prince Edward Island) is a Canadian curler from Cornwall Prince Edward Island. She currently plays second for Suzanne Birt out of the Charlottetown Curling Complex in Charlottetown.
 Jackson Sousa dos Santos is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu competitor and instructor who has won various gold medals at international Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu championships such as the World Jiu-Jitsu Championship the World Nogi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Championship the European Championship and the Brazilian National Jiu-Jitsu Championship. He is a black belt under Ricardo Vieira and competes for the CheckMat team.
 Aleksei Sergeyevich Pomerko (Russian: Алексей Серге́евич Померко; born May 3 1990 in Gorodovikovsk) is a Russian professional footballer. He plays for FC Krasnodar. He made his professional debut in the Russian First Division in 2008 for FC Torpedo Moscow.
 Angela Voigt née Schmalfeld (18 May 1951 – 10 April 2013) was an East German long jumper.
 Venice Elphi A/K Danny Kaya (born 10 September 1984) is a Malaysian footballer plays for Angkatan Tentera Malaysia in Malaysia Super League. A winger Venice is known for his blistering pace.
 Harriet Butler was an American tennis player of the end of the 19th century. Notably she won the US Women's National Championship in 1893 in women's doubles with Aline Terry.
 Iliyan Trifonov (Bulgarian: Илиян Трифонов; born 30 September 1984) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for OFC Etar as a midfielder.
 Marcus Brady (born September 24 1979 in San Diego California) is a former professional Canadian football quarterback and the current offensive coordinator of the Toronto Argonauts. He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Toronto Argonauts in 2002. He played college football for the Cal State Northridge Matadors.Brady also played professionally for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats Montreal Alouettes and the Green Bay Packers.
 Kei Taniguchi (谷口 圭 Taniguchi Kei born July 15 1974) is a former Japanese football player.
 Niaz Murshed (Bengali: নিয়াজ মোরশেদ; also Morshed; born May 13 1966) is a Bangladeshi chess Grandmaster. In 1987 he became the first South Asian to earn the Grandmaster title.
 Aubrey Robert David (born 11 October 1990) is a Trinidadian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Veikkausliiga club FF Jaro on loan from Trinidadian club Caledonia AIA. He also represents the Trinidad and Tobago national team.David began his professional football career in 2009 at the age of 18 with FC South End in Trinidad and Tobago. In the middle of his second season with the club he made a switch to fellow Pro League club Joe Public.
 Clifford Isaac Cliff Morgan CVO OBE (7 April 1930 – 29 August 2013) was a Welsh rugby union player who played for Cardiff RFC and earned 29 caps for Wales between 1951 and 1958. After his playing career ended Morgan made a successful career in broadcasting both as a commentator and presenter and also as a programme-maker and BBC executive.
 Carol William Cully Wilson (June 5 1892 in Winnipeg Manitoba – July 7 1962 in Seattle Washington) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. The right winger played in the National Hockey League for the Toronto St. Pats Montreal Canadiens Hamilton Tigers and Chicago Black Hawks between 1919 and 1927. He was also a member of two teams who won the Stanley Cup before the NHL came into existence in 1917 the Toronto Blueshirts and Seattle Metropolitans.
 Jim Craig (1895–1959) was an Australian rugby league footballer and coach. He was a versatile back for the Australian national team. He played in 7 Tests between 1921 and 1928 as captain on 3 occasions and has since been named amongst the nation's finest footballers of the 20th century. Craig was a player of unparalleled versatility.
 Oliver J. Morris (birth registered October–December 1916 (age 97–98) in Llanelli district) is a Welsh professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s and '40s playing at representative level for Wales and at club level for Hunslet and Leeds as a Stand-off/Five-eighth i.e. number 6. Oliver Morris was a Sergeant Major in the British Army during World War II.
 Iván Calderón Marrero (born January 7 1975) is a Puerto Rican retired professional boxer. As an amateur Calderón represented Puerto Rico in international competitions and attended the 2000 Olympic Games in Australia. On May 3 2003 he won the World Boxing Organization's minimumweight championship when he defeated Eduardo Marquez by technical decision. He defended this title successfully eleven times and was recognized as a Super Champion by the organization.
 Marianne Sjöblom (born 22 November 1933) is a Finnish fencer. She competed in the women's individual foil event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
 Manuel Benthin (born 3 March 1979 in Berlin-Marzahn East Germany) is a German footballer.
 Andreas Lumpi Lambertz (born 15 October 1984) is a German footballer currently captaining Fortuna Düsseldorf. He is the first German football player to promote from the fourth tier to first tier with only one club.
 Jaelaniu Arey Sibi (born on April 24 1989) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Persiwa Wamena in the Indonesia Super League.
 Kareema Saleh Jasim (born 18 February 1988) is a Kenyan-born Bahraini long-distance runner who competes in distances ranging from 3000 metres to the half marathon as well as the steeplechase. She is the Bahraini national record holder in the 10000 m and steeplechase.Jasim rose to prominence with a 10000 m silver medal at the 2006 Asian Games and then won both the long-distance events at the 2007 Asian Athletics Championships.
 Sergei Andreyevich Petrov (Russian: Серге́й Андреевич Петров; born 2 January 1991 in St. Petersburg) is a Russian football midfielder who currently plays for FC Krasnodar.He made his debut for the main Zenit squad on March 13 2011 in a Russian Premier League game against FC Terek Grozny.
 George Dobson (born in Barrow-in-Furness Lancashire) was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1900s '10s and '20s playing at representative level for Lancashire and at club level for Barrow as a Centre i.e. number 3 or 4.
 Mahmut Sönmez (born January 25 1990) is a Turkish-Dutch footballer who currently is currently a free agent. Sönmez began his professional career with Preußen Münster whom he joined in July 2012 having previously played amateur football in his hometown of Rotterdam. He made his 3. Liga debut a month later as a substitute for Rico Schmider in a 2–1 defeat to SV Darmstadt 98. He left Münster after one season and three appearances.
 Gary Clarke is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented his country in the 1968 World Cup.
 Zsolt Pölöskei (born 19 February 1991 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for MTK Hungaria FC.
 V. Thomas Wilson Tom White (September 1896 – 1960) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Birmingham and Merthyr Town. He played as a full back.White was born in West Bromwich Staffordshire. He joined Birmingham in March 1918 and played a few games in the wartime leagues.
 Melissa Huracán Hernández (born February 4 1980 in Mayagüez) is a Puerto Rican boxer who won the WIBA Super Bantamweight World Title in 2006.
 Lisa Vasa Misipeka (born January 3 1975) is an American Samoan athlete who specialises in the hammer throw. She won the bronze medal at the 1999 World Championships in Athletics. First place was 75.20m second place 72.56m and 9m behind first and 6.5m behind second was Misipeka in third with 66.06m. It was the first ever international medal for American Samoa and the greatest difference in distance between the first three medal places.
 William S. Peters (May 1867 - April 2 1933) was an African-American baseball player manager and owner. Peters played first base and managed the Chicago Unions from 1887 to 1900. After owner Frank Leland moved many of the team's players to the Chicago Union Giants Peters formed his owned team the Peters Union Giants. He ran the club until 1923.
 Ayumu Hirano (平野 歩夢 Hirano Ayumu born 29 November 1998) is a Japanese competitive snowboarder from Murakami Niigata. He won the silver medal in the superpipe in 2013 Winter X Games XVI at the age of 14 becoming the youngest medalist in the X game history and a silver medal in the halfpipe in 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi Russia.
 Antonio Duval Brown (born March 3 1978) is a former American football wide receiver. Brown played with the Buffalo Bills and the Washington Redskins in the National Football League. He played college football at West Virginia University.
 Raphaël Ibañez (born 17 February 1973) is a retired French rugby union footballer. A hooker he was also a former captain of the France national team.
 Charles Ka-Ki Ng (Traditional Chinese:伍家麒 born August 1 1984) is a professional racing driver from Hong Kong who races in the World Touring Car Championship for Liqui Moly Team Engstler.
 Patrick Richard Lam (born 29 September 1968 in Auckland) is a New Zealand born rugby union manager of Samoan descent. He was a previously an international player with his position of choice being Number 8.
 Lenny Pereira (born 1 January 1992 in Goa) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Salgaocar F.C. in the I-League.
 Frank Hartley (born December 15 1967 in Chicago Illinois) is a former professional American football player who played tight end for five seasons for the Cleveland Browns Baltimore Ravens and San Diego Chargers.
 Adam Hartlett (born 22 April 1986) is an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Australian Football League (AFL).After graduating from Sacred Heart College in 2003 Hartlett was recruited as the number 25 draft pick in the 2004 AFL Draft from West Adelaide by the Carlton Football Club. Hartlett played for Carlton's VFL-affiliate the Northern Bullants in both reserves and seniors through 2005 and 2006 suffering several injury setbacks.
 Glenn Dobbs (1920-2002) was a professional American Football player in the All-America Football Conference. A skilled running back quarterback and punter Dobbs was named the AAFC's MVP in 1946. After sitting out the 1950 season with a knee injury Dobbs was persuaded to come out of retirement to play with the Saskatchewan Rough Riders of the Western Interprovincial Football Union (forerunner of the Canadian Football League).
 Arrelious Markus Benn (born September 8 1988) is an American football wide receiver and return specialist for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the second round of the 2010 NFL Draft. He played college football for Illinois.
 Col Geelan (born c. 1929 in Sydney New South Wales died 11 May 1996) was an Australian rugby league footballer and Coach. He played club football in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership for the Newtown Jets and Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs and he also represented New South Wales and Australia. He was appointed player-coach of Newtown in February 1954.
 Susan Wrigglesworth (16 September 1954 – 17 March 1996) was a British fencer. She competed at the 1972 1976 and 1980 Summer Olympics. She was married to Polish Olympic fencer Ziemowit Wojciechowski.
 Ward Taylor Miller (July 4 1884 in Mount Carroll Illinois – September 4 1958 in Dixon Illinois) was a professional baseball player who played outfielder in the Major Leagues from 1909-1917. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates Chicago Cubs Cincinnati Reds St. Louis Terriers and St. Louis Browns. Miller a graduate of Northern Illinois University made his major league debut on April 14 1909.
 Zain Al Fandi (Arabic: زين الفندي ‎) (born 15 January 1983 in Syria) is a Syrian football player who is currently playing for Al Shurta in the Syrian Premier League.
 Roger Allen Burkman (born May 22 1958 in Indianapolis Indiana) is a retired American basketball player. He played high school basketball at Franklin Central High School in Indianapolis. He played collegiately for the University of Louisville. Burkman was selected by the Chicago Bulls in the 6th round (130th pick overall) of the 1981 NBA Draft. He played for the Bulls (1981–82) in the NBA for 6 games.
 Frank Mitchell (13 August 1872 – 11 October 1935) was a cricketer and rugby union player.
 Omar Tayara Rodríguez (born August 13 1979 in Madrid) is a Spanish-born aquathlete and triathlete who trains and holds a dual citizenship with Syria.Tayara started out his triathlon career in 2001 and first competed at the 2002 ITU Triathlon European Cup in Palermo Italy with a fair performance. He eventually made his international debut at the 2004 ITU World Cup in his home turf followed by his other sporting appearances in Cancun and in Hamburg.
 Bouchra Ghézielle née Ben Thami (Arabic: بُشرا غزال‎ born 19 May 1979) is a Moroccan-French track and field athlete now competing for France. She competes mainly on the 1500 m distance but also on 800 m and 3000 m distances.Born in Khemisset she competed at the 2004 Olympic Games for Morocco.
 Tim Darcy (born 15 January 1964) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the VFL/AFL.Darcy played a lot in defence often at fullback. He appeared in the Grand Finals of 1989 and 1992 ending up on the losing team on both occasions.
 Jack Adamson (6 January 1873 – date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played three games for South Melbourne between 1897 and 1898. He was the brother of South Melbourne captain Dave Adamson.
 Tomislav Knez (born 9 June 1938 in Banja Luka) is a former footballer from Yugoslavia.During his club career he played for Borac Banja Luka NK Dinamo Zagreb SV Schwechat SK Rapid Wien Kapfenberger SV and SV Güssing. He earned 14 caps for the Yugoslavia national football team and participated in the 1960 European Nations' Cup.
 Jorge Boreis Tati (born 17 June 1983 in Buco Zau Angola) is a professional Angolan basketball player. Tati who is 195 cm (6'4) in height and weighs 91 kg (200 pounds) plays as a Small Forward. He competed for Angola at the 2011 FIBA Africa Championship.He is currently playing for Interclube at the Angolan major basketball league BAI Basket.
 Alejandro Siqueiros Quiroz (born October 28 1982 in Hermosillo Sonora) is a male freestyle swimmer from Mexico. He represented his native country at the 2003 Pan American Games and the 2004 Summer Olympics.
 Gilles Augustin Binya (born 29 August 1984 in Yaoundé) is a Cameroonian professional footballer who plays for Gaziantepspor in the Turkish Süper Lig. A defensive midfielder he is known for his endless stamina and aggressiveness.
 Bradley Andrew T. Grayson (born 1993) is a footballer playing as a forward for Matlock Town.
 Luiz Eduardo Rodrigues is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a defender for São Caetano.
 Rebecca Dawn Brewerton (born 20 October 1982) is a Welsh professional golfer and a member of the Ladies European Tour and the LPGA Tour.
 Amarri Nathaniel Jackson (born May 18 1985 in Sarasota Florida) is an American football wide receiver for the Tampa Bay Storm of the Arena Football League.
 John Spencer (18 September 1935 – 11 July 2006) was an English professional snooker player who won the World Professional title at his first attempt was the first winner at the Crucible Theatre was the inaugural winner of the Masters and Irish Masters and was the first player to make a 147 break in competition. Spencer was born in Radcliffe (now part of Greater Manchester formerly districted in Lancashire).
 Karsten Braasch (born 14 July 1967 in Marl North Rhine-Westphalia) is a former professional German tennis player. His highest ATP singles ranking was World No. 38 which he reached in June 1994. His career-high in doubles was World No. 36 achieved in November 1997. He was well-noted for his service motion and his habit of smoking during changeovers.Braasch competed in a Battle of the Sexes contest against Venus Williams and Serena Williams at the 1998 Australian Open when he was ranked 203.
 Milan Ivana (born 26 November 1983) is a Slovak football player who plays for SV Darmstadt 98.
 Jason Gomillion Wright (born July 12 1982) is a former American football running back who played in the National Football League. He was signed by the San Francisco 49ers as an undrafted free agent in 2004. He played college football at Northwestern.Wright has also played for the Atlanta Falcons and Cleveland Browns. He is currently pursuing his MBA at Chicago Booth.
 Eduardo Nascimento Costa (born 23 September 1982 in Florianópolis Brazil) known as Eduardo Costa or simply Eduardo is a Brazilian professional footballer. He currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Avaí.
 Gunji Koizumi (小泉 軍治 Koizumi Gunji 8 July 1885 – 15 April 1965) known affectionately by colleagues as G.K. was a Japanese master of judo who introduced this martial art to the United Kingdom and came to be known as the 'Father of British Judo.' He was the founder of the Budokwai a pioneering Japanese martial arts society in England. Koizumi helped establish the British Judo Association and founded the European Judo Union. He held the rank of 8th dan in judo.
 Nemanja Cvetković (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Цветковић born 24 June 1996 in Užice) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Sloboda Užice in the Jelen SuperLiga.
 Garland Jake Stahl (April 13 1879 – September 18 1922) was an American first baseman and manager in Major League Baseball with the Boston Red Sox Washington Senators and New York Highlanders. A graduate of the University of Illinois he was a member of the Kappa Kappa chapter of Sigma Chi. He started off as a catcher before being traded to the Senators where he moved to first base full-time with occasional stints in the outfield.
 Csaba Vachtler (born 16 March 1993 in Mór) is a Hungarian professional footballer who plays for Ferenc Puskás Football Academy.
 Bryan Rosenfeld (born 19 September 1965 in Thunder Bay Ontario) is a retired Canadian association football player and former Head Coach of the Canadian U-17 Women national soccer team.
 Alan Prampin (born November 30 1971 in Dallas Texas) is a former U.S. soccer forward who spent one season in the Continental Indoor Soccer League one in the USISL and four in Major League Soccer. He also earned two caps with the U.S. national team.
 Boris Peškovič (born 30 June 1976 in Topoľčany Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak footballer former football goalkeeper from Slovakia and currently goalkeeping coach of Pogoń Szczecin.
 Archil Arveladze (born 22 February 1973 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian former professional footballer.
 Jonathan Jo Joseph-Augustin (born 13 May 1981 in Tremblay-en-France Seine-Saint-Denis) is a French footballer who most recently played for FC Edmonton in the North American Soccer League.
 Richard Richie Mullally (Irish: 'Ristéard Ó Maolalaidh' born 1978) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays in midfield on the Kilkenny senior hurling team.Richie Mullally was born in County Kilkenny in 1978. A farmer by profession Mullally plays his local club hurling with Glenmore. Since beginning his playing career at inter-county level in 2002 he now has 2 All-Ireland medals 4 Leinster Championship medals and 4 National Hurling League medals.
 Sébastien Meoli (born 2 August 1980) is a Swiss-Italian professional footballer currently playing for Lausanne-Sport.
 Lotte Kiærskou (born June 23 1975 in Frederikshavn Nordjylland) is a Danish team handball player and two times Olympic champion.
 Taïna Barioz (born 2 June 1988 in Papeete Tahiti) is a French alpine skier. Barioz won one podium in Alpine Skiing World Cup 3rd place in giant slalom in Lienz Austria (December 2009).Barioz also placed 1st in the 2014 FIS NorAms.
 Rodney Elliott Bernstein (born 15 December 1937 in Dublin) is a former Irish cricketer. A right-handed batsman and right-arm fast-medium bowler he made his debut for Ireland against the MCC in September 1960 and went on to play for them on eight occasions his last match coming against Scotland in July 1962. All but two of his matches had first-class status.
 John Arthur Halla (May 13 1884 – September 30 1947) was a professional baseball pitcher from 1902 to 1917. He played one season in Major League Baseball for the Cleveland Naps. Halla was 5 feet 11 inches tall and weighed 175 pounds.
 John Samuel Red Juelich (September 20 1916 – December 25 1970) was a second baseman in Major League Baseball. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
 Carl Otto Schutte (October 5 1887 – June 24 1962) was an American road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.He won two bronze medals one in the individual time trial and another in the team time trial.
 Mirco Gasparetto (born 2 February 1980) is an Italian football striker. He currently plays for Real Vicenza.Gasparetto has played over 100 matches in Serie B. Although contracted for by then Serie A clubs Empoli Genoa and Chievo he played very few match in the Italian top division.
 Ainārs Kovals (born 21 November 1981 in Riga Latvia) is a male Latvian javelin thrower. His personal best throw is 86.64 metres achieved at the Summer Olympics in Beijing where he finished second. He has been coached by Valentīna Eiduka. He is married to javelin thrower Sinta Ozoliņa-Kovala.
 Stephen Alvin Bradford (15 July 1963–25 August 2012) was an English cricketer. Bradford was a left-handed batsman who bowled slow left-arm orthodox. He was born in Lincoln Lincolnshire.Bradford made his debut for Lincolnshire in the 1984 Minor Counties Championship against Staffordshire. Bradford played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 1984 to 2000 which included 87 Minor Counties Championship matches and 22 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches.
 Henry Adalberto Figueroa Alonzo (born 28 December 1992) is a Honduran footballer who currently plays as defender for C.D. Motagua.
 Bruce Douglas (born April 9 1964) is a retired American professional basketball player. A 6'3 guard he played varsity basketball for Quincy Senior High School four years and was a four-year starter at the University of Illinois. He also briefly played professionally with the Sacramento Kings and in the CBA.
 Daniel Lee Murphy (born September 18 1964 in Artesia California) is former Major League Baseball pitcher. Murphy played for the San Diego Padres in 1989. He batted and threw right-handed.
 William Frederick Thomas Bill Brown (born 7 February 1943) is an English former professional football player. His clubs included Portsmouth Brentford and Gillingham for whom he made over 100 Football League appearances.
 Harry Giddings Jr. (May 18 1884 – June 15 1949) was a Canadian owner breeder and trainer of thoroughbred racehorses. He was born in Trafalgar Township in Halton County Ontario now at the outskirts of the city of Oakville. Raised on an equestrian farm he learned about training horses from childhood and by 1907 was successful enough to have one of his horses compete in the Queen's Plate Canada's most prestigious horse race first run in 1860.
 Steven Michael Davies (born 17 June 1986) is an English cricketer a wicket-keeper-batsman who currently plays for Surrey. He is a left-handed batsman who opens the batting in both first-class and limited-overs cricket (though in the former he generally now bats in the middle order). He has played ODI and Twenty20 cricket for England.
 Thomas Tom James Eaves (born 14 January 1992) is an English football player who plays for Shrewsbury Town on loan from Bolton Wanderers.
 Jeremy Barrett (born April 10 1984 in Sarasota Florida) is an American former pair skater. With Caydee Denney he won the 2010 2010 U.S. Championships and competed at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
 Joe Affrunti (born August 1 1981) is an American professional golfer. Affrunti turned professional in 2004. He joined the Nationwide Tour in 2010 and earned his 2011 PGA Tour card by finishing 22nd on the money list with two runner-up finishes. However a shoulder injury prevented him from playing any events in his debut season beyond April.
 Ben Patrick (born August 23 1984) is an American football tight end who is currently a high school Varsity Football Coach. He was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the seventh round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at Duke and Delaware.He was also a member of the New York Giants.
 John Glaholme 'Jack' Ormston (born 30 October 1909 in West Cornforth - died 22 June 2007) was a Speedway rider who finished runner-up in the Star Riders' Championship in 1935 the forerunner to the Speedway World Championship. He also competed in the first ever World Final in 1936 (finishing equal fifth).Having ridden for Middlesbrough he left in 1929 to become captain of the Wembley Lions team aged twenty one.
 Umaru Bangura (born October 7 1987) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer. He is a central defender who can also operate in midfield. Bangura currently plays for Dinamo Minsk in Belarusian Premier League and for the Leone Stars Sierra Leone national football team.
 Vitali Vakunov (born 5 January 1991) is a Belarusian ice dancer. With partner Lesia Valadzenkava (Volodenkova) he is a two-time Belarusian national champion.
 Herbert Mark Thomas (May 26 1902 in Sampson City Florida – December 4 1991 in Starke Florida) was a right-handed minor and major league baseball player and minor league manager. Although his major league career lasted only three seasons 1924 1925 and 1927 for two different teams the Boston Braves and New York Giants his minor league career spanned 17 seasons. He played professionally in three different decades.
 Abner Charles Powell (December 15 1860 in Shenandoah Pennsylvania – August 7 1953 in New Orleans Louisiana) was a Major league baseball player who was a member of the Washington Nationals of the Union Association in 1884. He later played for the Baltimore Orioles and the Cincinnati Red Stockings in 1886. He also managed and owned several teams. Powell was more famous however for innovations that changed baseball.
 Stefan Büchel (born 30 June 1986) is an international footballer from Liechtenstein who plays as a midfielder. Büchel plays club football for USV Eschen/Mauren and formerly played for FC Vaduz.
 Igor Radović (Serbian Cyrillic: Игор Радовић ;born 26 January 1978 in Nikšić) is a Montenegrin footballer currently playing for FK Bačka Bačka Palanka.
 Mark Robert Acre (September 16 1968) is a retired professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of four seasons for the Oakland Athletics from 1994-1997. He also played one season in Japan for the Yakult Swallows in 1998.
 Wilfred Holroyd (14 December 1877 – 3 November 1961) was a British fencer. He competed in the individual foil event at the 1904 Summer Olympics.
 Jack Hamilton (28 November 1928 – 30 May 1990) was an Australian rules football player in the Victorian Football League (VFL) before becoming a prominent administrator. Hamilton was known as a tough full-back who played with Collingwood Football Club in the VFL (later to be renamed as the Australian Football League) from 1948 to 1957 for a career total of 154 games and 16 goals. He also represented Victoria in one game.
 Lin Chun-yi (Chinese: 林均怡 born September 26 1983) is a Taiwanese volleyball player who plays as an attacker in Chinese Taipei women's national volleyball team.
 Takayasu Fukuda (福田 貴泰 Fukuda Takayasu) is a Japanese professional wrestler. He currently wrestles as a freelancer in the Japanese independent circuit and as a regular in Secret Base.
 Sydney Dickinson (17 August 1906 – 2 February 1984) was an English footballer who played at half-back for Nottingham Forest Mansfield Town Bradford Park Avenue Port Vale Lincoln City and Grantham. Football historian Jeff Kent described his tackling abilities as tenacious.
 Stewart J. Malgunas (born April 21 1970) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played 129 games in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Philadelphia Flyers Winnipeg Jets Washington Capitals and Calgary Flames.
 Kai Miki (born 19 April 1993) is a Japanese football player.
 Milan Švenger (born 6 July 1986 in Jablonec nad Nisou Czechoslovakia) is a professional footballer from the Czech Republic. He is currently goalkeeper for AC Sparta Prague. He played for the Czech Republic national U-21 football team.
 Angelis Charalambous (born 31 May 1989 in Cyprus) is a Cypriot professional footballer who last played for Ermis Aradippou after his release from Scottish Premier League club Motherwell. He plays as a Centre back.
 Alessandro Nesta Ufficiale OMRI (born 19 March 1976) is a retired Italian professional footballer. Widely considered to be one of the best centre backs of his time and also as one of the greatest defenders ever he is a four-time Serie A Defender of the Year and a four-time member of the annual UEFA Team of the Year. In 2004 he was named as one of the Top 125 greatest living footballers as part of FIFA's 100th anniversary celebration.
 Anthony Joseph A. J. Foyt Jr. (born January 16 1935) is a retired American automobile racing driver. He raced in numerous genres of motorsports. His open wheel racing includes USAC Champ cars and midget cars. He raced stock cars in NASCAR and USAC. He won several major sports car racing events.
 David Lee Chalk (born August 30 1950 in Del Rio Texas) is a former Major League Baseball player. Third base and shortstop were his primary positions. He batted and threw right-handed.The California Angels selected Chalk in the first round of the 1972 amateur draft. Playing for the Angels he was selected to two consecutive American League All-Star teams.
 Montey Stevenson (born April 8 1985 in Cleburne Texas) is a professional Canadian and Arena football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the New Orleans VooDoo as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at North Texas.Stevenson has also been a member of the Calgary Stampeders.
 Anna Vladimirovna Dmitrieva (Russian: Анна Владимировна Дми́триева born 10 December 1940) is a retired female tennis player who competed for the Soviet Union.Anna Dmitrieva was born in an artistic family. Her father was the chief artist in MKhAT and her mother was an actress. Her father died when she was seven years old and her mother married for the second time a popular composer Kirill Molchanov.Anna started playing tennis at the age of 12.
 Imanol Iriberri (born March 4 1987 in Mar del Plata Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Estudiantes de Mérida of the Venezuelan Primera División.
 Robert Brewster (born July 30 1986) is a former American football offensive tackle. He was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the third round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football for Ball State University.
 Cory Robert Luebke (born (1985-03-04)March 4 1985) is a professional baseball player for the San Diego Padres of Major League Baseball. His hometown is Maria Stein Ohio where he attended Marion Local High School. He attended college at Ohio State University. He was pick number 63 in the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft.
 Paweł Giel (born 8 December 1989) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for GKS Bełchatów in the Ekstraklasa.
 Louis Vincent Captain Lou Albano (July 29 1933 – October 14 2009) was an Italian-born American professional wrestler manager and actor. He was active as a professional wrestler from 1953 until 1969 then he became a manager until 1995.Throughout his 42-year career Albano guided 15 different tag teams and four singles competitors to championship gold.
 Dean Schofield (born 19 January 1979 in Clayton Manchester England) is a professional Rugby union player who plays for Worcester Warriors. He plays lock and is a product of Aldwinians R.U.F.C.Aldwinians RUFC. He first came to prominence when scoring twice as Aldwinians beat Dudley Kingswinsford in the NPI Cup Final at Twickenham.
 Francis Alexander MacKinnon The 35th MacKinnon of MacKinnon DL (9 April 1848 - 27 February 1947) was the longest-lived Test cricketer until being surpassed by Eric Tindill of New Zealand on 8 November 2009. MacKinnon who was 98 years 324 days old when he died was the oldest-ever first-class cricketer at that time. MacKinnon was born at Acryse Park near Folkestone in Kent and was educated at Harrow School.
 Birger Lars-Göran Nilsson (born March 9 1944 in Vuollerim Sweden) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the Elitserien. He played for Brynäs IF. He was a member of the Swedish 1976 Canada Cup team and 1968 Winter Olympics.
 John Pollock Eadon (3 September 1889 – 1961) was a professional footballer who played for Maryhill and Tottenham Hotspur.
 Michalis Mike Antonis Bramos (Greek: Μιχάλης Μάικ Αντώνης Μπράμος) commonly known as Michael Bramos (born May 27 1987) is a Greek American professional basketball player who currently plays with Panathinaikos of the Greek League. He is a 1.98 m (6 ft 6 in) tall shooting guard-small forward with a 2.13m (6 ft 11 ¾ in) wingspan. His nickname is Iron Mike.
 George Heard Stone (July 9 1946 in Ruston Louisiana) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He is likely best remembered for his 1973 season with the New York Mets when he went 12-3 with a 2.80 ERA to help lead the Mets to the 1973 World Series.
 Park Kyung-Wan (born July 11 1972 in Jeonju Jeollabuk-do South Korea) is a former South Korean baseball catcher and Current General 2nd manager of SK Wyverns in the Korea Baseball Organization. and former Olympic bronze medalist.
 Davide Astori (born 7 January 1987) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Serie A club Cagliari and the Italian national football team.He started his career with Milan twice going on loan to Pizzighettone in 2006 and Cremonese in 2007. In 2008 Cagliari signed him in a co-ownership deal before signing him fully from Milan for whom he never made a first team appearance in 2011.
 Schumacher (real name Thiago Maier dos Santos) (born 31 August 1986 in Curitiba Paraná) is a Brazilian footballer who played striker of German descent. He last time played for Volyn Lutsk.On 31 August 2009 he was loaned to Austrian side Austria Wien.
 Marcelo Gonçalves de Oliveira known as Piracaia (born April 17 1971 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian football player. He currently plays and works as an assistant coach for the Finnish third tier club Musan Salama.Piracaia has played 17 seasons and 324 matches in Finnish Veikkausliiga. In the six games of the 1998–99 UEFA Champions League group stage he was in the opening line-up of HJK Helsinki. Piracaia has also played in the top divisions of Sweden Algeria and Tunisia.
 Olivier Busquet (born August 22 1981) is an American professional poker player.
 Attila Szekrényessy (born 20 January 1913 in Budapest Hungary; died February 1995 in Gyöngyös) was a Hungarian pair skater who competed with his sister Piroska Szekrényessy. They were six-time gold medalists at the Hungarian Figure Skating Championships. The pair finished fourth at the 1936 Winter Olympics and won the bronze medal at the European Figure Skating Championships in 1936 and 1937.
 Germán David Ré (born 2 November 1981) is an Argentine football defender currently playing for Estudiantes de La Plata.
 Henri Kontinen (born 19 June 1990 in Helsinki) is a Finnish tennis player. His highest ranking is World No. 220 which he attained in October 2010. His brother Micke is also a tennis player.
 Vitaliy Makarov (Russian: Виталий Макаров; born June 23 1974 in Tuapse) is a Russian judoka.He won a silver medal in the lightweight (73 kg) division at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
 Patrick L. Pat Dunn (March 17 1931 – November 11 1975) was an American professional basketball player. Dunn was selected in the 1956 NBA Draft by the New York Knicks after a collegiate career at Utah State. In one season which he played for the Philadelphia Warriors Dunn averaged 2.5 points 1.1 rebounds and 1.0 assists per game.
 Douglas Alan Doug Nickle (born October 2 1974) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher. He was born in Sonoma California. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies (2000–2002) and the San Diego Padres (2002) of the National League during his Major League Baseball career. Nickle attended the University of California where he played college baseball. He batted and threw right-handed during his career.
 James Peter O'Dowd (26 February 1908 – 8 May 1964) was an English professional footballer who played as a central defender. He won three caps for the England national football team. He retired at the age of 29 after suffering a broken leg while playing for Torquay United.
 Mark Francis Janssens (born May 19 1968) is a retired Canadian ice hockey forward.Janssens started his National Hockey League career with the New York Rangers in 1989. He also played for the Minnesota North Stars Hartford Whalers Mighty Ducks of Anaheim New York Islanders Phoenix Coyotes and Chicago Blackhawks. He left the NHL after the 2001 season.
 Şafak Edge (born June 17 1992) is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for Banvit of the Turkish Basketball League.
 Fritz Ryser (26 May 1873 – 13 February 1916) was a Swiss cyclist. He won the UCI Motor-paced World Championships in 1908 and finished in third place in 1901.Ryser started with road racing and won a national title in 1899. The same year he turned professional and won a national title in motor-paced racing. Although in 1908 he became the first Swiss cyclist to win a world title in this discipline his career was marred with bad luck.
 Aleksandr Anatolyevich Dutov (Russian: Александр Анатольевич Дутов; born August 5 1982) is a Russian professional footballer. Currently he plays for FC Sokol Saratov. He made his debut in the Russian Premier League in 2002 for FC Uralan Elista.
 Fred Kinghorn(Australia) A rugby league footballer Kinghorn played for the Eastern Suburbs club in the New South Wales Rugby League competition.Kinghorn who played 41 matches for Eastern Suburbs side was a member of the club’s first premiership winning sides in the years 1911 ’12 and ’13. Kinghorn was also a member of Easts City Cup winning side of 1914.
 Urs Güntensperger (born 24 November 1967) is a retired Swiss football striker.
 Robert Warnock (born 19 January 1987) is an Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League.A very tall tap ruckman at a height of 206 cm Warnock played TAC Cup football for the Sandringham Dragons. He was recruited to the AFL by the Fremantle Football Club with the number 42 draft pick in the 2005 AFL Draft. Warnock played the entire 2006 season with his assigned WAFL club West Perth.
 Sylvain Wiltord (born 10 May 1974) is a French former footballer who played as a winger.Highlights of his club career included his four-season spell at Arsenal with whom he won two Premier League titles and two FA Cups. He also won the Ligue 1 title in each of his three subsequent seasons at Lyon.With the French national team Wiltord earned 92 caps and scored 26 goals. He played at the 1996 Olympics two World Cups and two European Championships.
 Gerald Bernard Wilkins (born September 11 1963) is a retired American professional basketball player. A 6'6 (1.98 m) shooting guard/small forward who played collegiately at Moberly Area Community College and the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga before a career in the NBA.Gerald is the younger brother of former Atlanta Hawks superstar Dominique Wilkins and father of guard/forward Damien Wilkins.
 Ishant Sharma (About this sound pronunciation ; born 2 September 1988) is an Indian cricketer who represents India in One Day International Test and 20-20 formats of the game. He is a 1.93 m (6 ft 4 in) tall right arm fast-medium bowler.At the age of 18 Sharma was called to join the Indian squad for the tour of South Africa in 2006–07. However after receiving the call and organising travel arrangements it was decided not to send him on the tour.
 Liz Lieu (born August 2 1974 in Vietnam) is a Vietnamese professional poker player.Lieu was primarily a limit Texas hold 'em cash games player for a number of years before embracing tournament play at the 2005 World Series of Poker. When John Phan encouraged her to enter the $1500 no-limit hold'em event she ended up in fifth place with over $168000 in prize money.
 Julián Luque Conde (born 27 March 1992 in Torrelavega Cantabria) is a Spanish footballer who plays for RCD Espanyol B mainly as a forward.
 Allan Gaarde (born 25 January 1975) is a Danish former professional football player in the midfielder position who played 227 games and scored 48 goals for AaB Aalborg and won the 1999 Danish Superliga championship with the club. He also played abroad for Italian club Udinese Calcio and Norwegian club Viking FK before ending his career with Vejle Boldklub in Denmark.Gaarde usually played on the left of midfield and his main assets were his technnique vision distribution and heading.
 Robert Henry Cotton (5 November 1909 – 17 January 1979) was an English cricketer. Cotton was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast. He was born at Birmingham Warwickshire.Cotton made two first-class appearances for Warwickshire against Lancashire and Sussex in the 1947 County Championship.
 Eugéne Fomumbod (born February 22 1985 in Buea Cameroon) is a Cameroonian football midfielders player who currently plays for Veszprém FC.
 Mohamed Mo Messoudi (born 7 January 1984 in Wilrijk) is a Belgian footballer of Moroccan descent. He currently plays for OH Leuven.
 René Lateux was a French fencer. He competed in the individual sabre event at the 1908 Summer Olympics.
 Marko Perović (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Перовић; born January 11 1984 in Pristina) is a Serbian footballer who most recently plays for Chainat Hornbill in Thai Premier League.
 Roger Eugene Nelson is a former professional baseball pitcher. Nelson pitched all or part of nine seasons in Major League Baseball between 1967 and 1976 with a record of 29 wins 32 losses and 5 saves.Nelson was signed by the Chicago White Sox as an amateur free agent before the 1963 season. He played four seasons in the minor leagues before earning a September call-up in 1967.
 Enrico Brusoni (10 December 1878 – 26 November 1949) was an Italian cyclist.
 Nikita Vladimirovich Satalkin (Russian: Никита Владимирович Саталкин; born October 13 1987) is a Russian professional football player. He plays for FC Gazovik Orenburg.
 Chris Masten (born 2 May 1989) is an Australian rules footballer in the AFL currently playing for the West Coast Eagles. He was chosen as the first round pick (number 3 overall) in the 2007 AFL Draft by the Eagles the team he had supported as a child.
 Neil Freeman (born 16 February 1955 in Northampton) is a former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League. He started his career as a youth player at home-town club Northampton Town but turned professional with Arsenal in 1972. He was released in March 1974 without having played for the first team.
 Kateryna Vasylivna Grygorenko (Ukrainian: Катерина Василівна Григоренко born 30 October 1985) is a Ukrainian cross country skier who has competed since 2004.
 Enrique Rodríguez Cal (born November 19 1951 in Asturias) is a retired boxer from Spain who won the bronze medal in the light flyweight division (– 48 kg) division at the 1972 Summer Olympics. It was Spain's only medal in Munich West Germany. He captured the bronze medal at the inaugural 1974 World Championships in Havana Cuba. Rodríguez also represented his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics where he was eliminated in the first round and carried the flag at the opening ceremony.
 Arthur MacEvoy (8 November 1868 – 21 July 1904) was a member of the silver medal winning French cricket team at the 1900 Summer Olympics the only time to date that cricket has featured in the Olympics. In the only match against Great Britain he scored 1 run in the French first innings and a duck in the second. He took three wickets in the match.
 James Ashley Constable (born 4 October 1984) is an English professional footballer who plays for Oxford United as a striker.Constable started his career with the Cirencester Town youth system before breaking into the first team during the 2002–03 season. He moved to Chippenham Town in 2003 before signing for Walsall in the Football League in 2005. He moved out on loan to Kidderminster Harriers of the Conference National in 2006 before signing permanently in 2007.
 Levan Kebadze (born 1 February 1975) is a football striker from Georgia. His current club is Omonia Aradippou.
 Trezelle Samuel Jenkins (born March 13 1973) is a former American football offensive tackle in the National Football League who played for the Kansas City Chiefs from 1995 through 1997.Jenkins played high school football at Morgan Park High School in Chicago Illinois.
 Uriah L. Ri Jones (a.k.a. Angel Sleeves) was a Major League Baseball player who played infielder from 1883-1884. He would play for the Louisville Eclipse and Cincinnati Outlaw Reds.
 Auron Selaudin Miloti (born 4 August 1974) is an Albanian retired footballer. The striker played one game for Albania coming on as a substitute in a friendly against Bosnia and Herzegovina He spent most of his career playing in Austria with SV Wörgl LASK Linz and SV Feldkirchen. He also played in Albania until 2000 with KS Vllaznia Shkodër and KF Tirana
 Rony Gardner was an Olympian and field hockey player from Pakistan. He played two matches for Pakistan's National Field Hockey Team. He was part of the Pakistani national team during the 1960 Summer Olympics where Pakistan won the gold medal after defeating India.
 Billy Robinson (September 18 1938 – March 3 2014) was a British professional wrestler author and catch wrestling instructor. Robinson was well known in Japan where he trained mixed martial arts fighters in catch wrestling. Robinson was one of the few wrestlers who was successful in several continents (Europe North America Asia and Oceania) winning titles in promotions nearly everywhere he wrestled.
 Auguste Giroux (29 July 1874 – 9 August 1953) was a French rugby union player who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics.He was a member of the French rugby union team which won the gold medal.
 Leoš Čermák (born 13 March 1978 in Třebíč) is a Czech professional ice hockey player currently playing for Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod in the Kontinental Hockey League.Čermák began playing for HC Slavia Prague in the Czech Extraliga and then for HC Vítkovice before spending a season in the Russian Hockey League for Sibir Novosibirsk. He returned to the Czech Republic and would split the next few years with Slavia Prague and HC Bílí Tygři Liberec.
 Doug Holden (born 28 September 1930 Manchester) is a former English professional footballer who played as a winger.
 Craig Makin (born (1973-04-13) 13 April 1973) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s playing at representative level for Wales and at club level for Salford as a Prop i.e. number 8 or 10.
 Matthew Fitz David Robinson is a former Wales International Rugby Union player. A centre or wing Robinson began his rugby career at Newport High School Old Boys before joining Swansea.He made his debut for the Wales on 6 February 1999 versus Scotland went on to attain 4 caps for Wales during 1999.Robinson also played List A cricket for Herefordshire and a combined Minor Counties team.
 David Lewis (born June 8 1961 in Portland Oregon) is a former professional American football tight end who played four seasons for the Detroit Lions and the Miami Dolphins. He played tight end for the University of California Berkeley for three seasons before being selected by the Lions as their first pick (20th overall) in the 1984 NFL Draft. The Lions cut him before the start of the 1987 season and he was signed by the Miami Dolphins one month later as a replacement player.
 Mike McLellan (born September 4 1981 in Toronto Ontario) is an indoor lacrosse player for the Edmonton Rush in the National Lacrosse League and an outdoor lacrosse player formerly of the Hamilton Nationals of Major League Lacrosse.
 Iván Alejandro García Navarro (born 25 October 1993 in Guadalajara) is a Mexican diver. He is nicknamed Pollo (Chicken).He won two gold medals in the 2011 Pan-American Games. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London García won the silver medal in the synchronized 10 metre platform diving with his partner Germán Sánchez.
 Marquice Jermal Cole [Mar-KWEECE] (born November 13 1983) is an American football cornerback who is currently playing for the Denver Broncos the National Football League. He was signed by the Oakland Raiders as an undrafted free agent in 2007. He played college football at Northwestern.Cole has also been a member of the Tennessee Titans New Orleans Saints New York Jets and New England Patriots.
 Scotty Balan (born May 29 1982 in Medicine Hat Alberta) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the Tilburg Trappers of the Eredivisie. Balan was drafted by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 4th round 106th overall in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
 Mzuvukile Gift Sofisa (born (1993-04-06)6 April 1993 in Port Elizabeth) is a South African rugby union player currently playing with the Eastern Province Kings. His regular position is prop.
 Eugene O'Neill (born 1978 in Cappawhite County Tipperary) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Cappawhite and played with the Tipperary senior inter-county team in the 1990s and 2000s.
 Marceli Wiech (born 8 October 1954) is a Polish fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
 Ronald Jay Riley (born November 11 1950) is an American retired professional basketball player. He played for the Kansas City-Omaha Kings and the Houston Rockets in the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1972 to 1975. He played college basketball at the University of Southern California (USC). He was inducted into the Pac-10 Basketball Hall of Honor in 2007.
 Federico Pisani (25 July 1974 –12 February 1997) was an Italian professional footballer who played for Atalanta and Monza. Pisani died in a car crash on 12 February 1997 and his squad number (#14) was retired as a mark of respect.
 Thijs Bouma (born 2 April 1992) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a defender for VfL Osnabrück. Bouma spent three years playing for FC Twente's reserve team before joining VfL Osnabrück on loan at the end of the summer 2012 transfer window. He made his debut for the club the next day in a 1–0 3. Liga defeat to SV Babelsberg 03 when he replaced Claus Costa at half-time.
 Gonzalo Quesada is an Argentine rugby player.
 Sean Francis O'Sullivan (born 29 April 1994) is an English professional snooker player. He is nicknamed The Storm.O'Sullivan turned professional in 2012 after qualifying via Event 2 of the Q School and gained a two year tour card for the 2012/13 and 2013/14 snooker seasons. In the event he beat Christopher Keogan 4–1 Nick Dyson 4–0 Mohammed Al Shaikh from Bahrain 4–1 and Michael Wild 4–3 before seeing off Ryan Causton 4–1 in the quarter-finals.
 Vincenzo Patrick Guglielmelli (born 15 June 1987 in Massafra Province of Taranto) is an Italian footballer. He plays as a Forward. He is currently playing for S.F. Aversa Normanna.
 Michał Butkiewicz (born 18 August 1942) is a Polish fencer. He won a bronze medal in the team épée event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
 Renato Ramalho (born April 17 1968 in Curitiba) is a former international medley swimmer from Brazil.
 Bente Nordby (born 23 July 1974) is a former Norwegian football goalkeeper who last played for Olympique Lyonnais in Lyon France. She played with the Norwegian Women's National Football Team from 1991 to 2007.
 Vladimir Mikhailovich Andreyev (Russian: Владимир Михайлович Андреев; born 9 February 1958) is a retired Soviet alpine skier.He raced in the Alpine Skiing World Cup from 1979 to 1984. His highest placing in a single race was second in the January 1981 slalom race in Kitzbühel. In the overall standings he placed 20th in 1981.He competed twice at the FIS World Ski Championships placing fourth in combined in Garmisch-Partenkirchen 1978 and tenth in slalom in Schladming 1982.
 Erwin Coolidge Bob Porterfield (Born: August 10 1923 in Newport Virginia USA died: April 28 1980 in Charlotte North Carolina) is a former right-handed Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for twelve seasons between 1948 and 1959 for the New York Yankees Washington Senators Boston Red Sox Pittsburgh Pirates and Chicago Cubs. He appeared in one All-Star game in his career.
 Arnaud Gérard (born 6 October 1984 in Dinan Côtes-d'Armor) is a French professional road bicycle racer for UCI Professional Continental Team Bretagne-Séché Environnement. He is the cousin of former professional cyclist Cédric Hervé.
 Matthew David Blinkhorn (born 2 March 1985) is an English footballer who plays for AFC Fylde as a striker.
 Kumiko Koiwai (小岩井 久美子 Koiwai Kumiko born June 27 1975) is a Japanese former competitive figure skater. She is the 1993 World Junior champion 1992 NHK Trophy silver medalist 1997 Winter Universiade champion and a three-time Japan national bronze medalist.
 Dino Marino (born 23 May 1985 ) is a former Italian footballer.
 Robert Kellum (born January 26 1973) is an American professional wrestler and actor best known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling under the ring name The Maestro. He has also wrestled for various other promotions including the United States Wrestling Association Smokey Mountain Wrestling and the World Wrestling Council.
 Inge Dekker (born 18 August 1985) is a butterfly and freestyle swimmer from Netherlands who won the bronze medal with the Dutch women's 4×100 m freestyle relay team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens Greece. She did so alongside Inge de Bruijn Marleen Veldhuis and Chantal Groot. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing China Dekker became Olympic champion in the 4×100 m freestyle together with Ranomi Kromowidjojo Femke Heemskerk and Marleen Veldhuis.
 Joe Duarte (born August 4 1983) is a professional mixed martial artist from Guam and is of native Chamorro descent. He currently trains at The Arena Mixed Martial Arts gym in San Diego California.
 Harry McPherson (born 18 October 1902) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
 Spiros Arion born SPIROS MANOUSAKIS (Greek: ΣΠΥΡΟΣ ΜΑΝΟΥΣΑΚΗΣ) (born 1940) is a Greek retired professional wrestler who had extensive and successful careers in both Australia and the United States. Known as The Golden Greek and The Iron Greek he debuted in 1961 and retired in 1979.
 Dmitri Olegovich Belousov (Russian: Дмитрий Олегович Белоусов; born April 21 1980) is a Russian professional football player. Currently he plays in the Russian Second Division for FC Piter Saint Petersburg.
 Michael Isaiah Richardson (born February 18 1984) is an American football cornerback for the Indianapolis Colts. He was drafted by the New England Patriots in the sixth round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He has also played for the Kansas City Chiefs. He played college football at Notre Dame.
 Njabuliso Simelane (born 22 November 1979) is a Swaziland international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. As of February 2010 he plays for Green Mamba in the Swazi Premier League and has won 16 caps for his country. He was part of the 2010 qualifier team that beat Togo national football team 2-1 but conceded six four of them to Emmanuel Adebayor as Swaziland lost 6-0.
 Kalidou Coulibaly Yero (born 19 August 1991) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays for Gil Vicente F.C. of the Primeira Liga and the Senegalese national football team as a Striker.He represented Senegal at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He played in his country's four games of the tournament.
 Chris Avery (born September 21 1975 in Grenada Mississippi) is a former arena football fullback / linebacker in the Arena Football League. He played college football at Kentucky State.In his career Avery has played for the Norfolk Nighthawks Dallas Cowboys Barcelona Dragons Grand Rapids Rampage and Kansas City Brigade.
 Andrew Francis Lambo (born August 11 1988) is a professional baseball outfielder for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball.
 Alexia Putellas Segura (born 4 February 1994) is a Spanish footballer currently playing in Spain's Primera División for FC Barcelona with which she has played the Champions League and won one championship and one national cup. Her goal in the 2013 cup's final made headlines.
 Louisa Nécib (born 23 January 1987) is a French women's international footballer who plays for French club Olympique Lyonnais of the Division 1 Féminine. She plays as a central attacking midfielder and is described as a gifted playmaker who possesses superb technique. Nécib is also known for her elegant possession sublime passing skills and cultured touch on the ball.
 Trevor Frederick Jacobs (born 28 November 1946 in Bristol England) was an English footballer who played as a right back. He made over 210 Football League appearances in the years after the Second World War.
 Dino Rađa transcribed in English as Dino Radja (born April 24 1967 in Split SR Croatia SFR Yugoslavia) is a retired Croatian basketball player. He was a member of the Jugoplastika team of the late 1980s and early 1990s which he helped in winning two Euroleague titles. In the United States he is best known for the three and a half seasons spent with the Boston Celtics of the NBA.
 Richard Geoffrey Humphrey (born 17 December 1936) is a former English cricketer. Humphrey was right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper. He was born in Hampstead London.Humphrey made his first-class debut for Surrey against Cambridge University in 1964. In this match he scored his only first-class half century making 58 runs in the Surrey first-innings before being dismissed by Angus McLachlan.
 Kamal Issah Sissoko(born 29 August 1992) is a Ghanaian footballer playing for Danish Superliga team Nordsjaeland.
 Ian Edwin Stewart (born Belfast 10 September 1961) is a former footballer from Northern Ireland.
 Leroy Edwards (April 11 1914 – August 25 1971) nicknamed Cowboy and Lefty was one of the greatest basketball players of his era. He was an NCAA All-American at the University of Kentucky and also one of the most lauded professional players in the United States' National Basketball League's history.
 Andre Cornelius Botha (born 12 September 1975) is a former South African-born Irish cricketer. He played 55 times in all for Ireland including the 2005 ICC Trophy and the European Championship in 2004 and 2006. Botha retired in May 2011.
 Veselin Petrović (September 6 1929 – November 8 1995) was a Serbian cyclist.
 Ellis (dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played for London Cricket Club in major matches during the 1730s. He was described in a contemporary report as London's best bowler.
 Mark Henry Washington (born December 28 1947 in Chicago Illinois) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played for ten seasons with the Dallas Cowboys and the New England Patriots. Washington won two Super Bowls while playing for the Cowboys in 1971 against the Miami Dolphins and 1977 against the Denver Broncos.
 Abdullah Al-Zori (Arabic: عبد الله الزوري born August 13 1987) is a Saudi Arabian professional footballer who currently playing for Al-Hilal.
 Miguel Caballero Ortega (born Madrid July 8 1982) is a Spanish ski mountaineer and ultramarathon runner. He is member of the mountain club (Spanish: Club de Montaña) of the Guardia Civil.
 Geraldo Teixeira (born 5 May 1937) is a Brazilian former footballer.
 Glenn Anthony Tolley (born 24 September 1983 in Knighton Powys Wales) is a footballer who played as a midfielder for Shrewsbury Town in The Football League. He is the cousin of professional footballer Jamie Tolley.He made his debut for the Shrews on 5 October 2002 in the Third Division 0-1 defeat to Hartlepool United at Gay Meadow.
 Tessa Worley (born 4 October 1989) is a World Cup alpine ski racer and non-commissioned officer from France. She competes in all five alpine disciplines and specializes in giant slalom.Born in Annemasse in the département of Haute-Savoie Worley's father Steve is Australian and her mother Madeleine is French.
 Yona Walesi (born December 1 1979) is a retired Malawian swimmer who specialized in sprint freestyle events. Walesi became one of the first Malawian swimmers to compete at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. He qualified for the men's 50 m freestyle by receiving a Universality place from FINA in an entry time of 32.08. He challenged seven other swimmers in heat two including 15-year-old Malique Williams of Antigua and Barbuda.
 Thomas Banks (born 10 November 1929 at Farnworth Lancashire) is a retired English footballer.He played for Bolton Wanderers from 1947 to 1961 and six matches for the England national football team in 1958 including all four matches in the 1958 FIFA World Cup. He got his opportunity in the England team because of the death of incumbent left-back Roger Byrne in the Munich Air Disaster in February 1958.
 Marc Lloyd Williams (born 8 February 1973) is a Welsh footballer. He is the Welsh Premier League's all-time top scorer with 319 goals.Williams was born in Bangor and brought up in Llanberis. He has played for a number of clubs including recently Bangor City (5 spells) TNS Stockport County Haugesund York City Aberystwyth Town Halifax Town Southport Altrincham Colwyn Bay Porthmadog (2 spells) Newtown (2 spells) and Rhyl.Other honours include Wales B international appearances.
 Jonathon Gary Frank Mirasty (born June 4 1982) is an ice hockey left winger who plays for the Astana Barys of the KHL. Nicknamed Nasty by both teammates and fans Mirasty has developed a cult following throughout his career due to his Mohawk hairstyle and his laughing during his fights.Mirasty finished the 2010-11 regular season with the Fort Wayne Komets.
 William John Malarkey (November 26 1878 – December 12 1956) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball.Malarkey's only season in the majors was 1908 when he pitched 35 innings for the New York Giants. He played in the minor leagues until 1915 winning a career-high 25 games in 1913.
 Patrick John Brough (born 20 February 1996) is an English footballer who plays for Carlisle United.
 Ayub Daud (Somali: Ayuub Daauud Arabic: ايوب داؤود‎) (born 24 February 1990 in Mogadishu) is a Somali footballer who plays for Budapest Honvéd FC as a forward/attacking midfielder.
 Raymond Joseph Oberbroekling (December 31 1898–March 16 1972) was an American football player in the National Football League. He played with the Kenosha Maroons during the 1924 NFL season.
 Nikos Iordanidis (Greek: Νίκος Ιορδανίδης; born 17 July 1980) is a professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for Pefki in the Greek Regional Championship.
 Suleidy Suarez (born 8 July 1992) is a Dominican team handball player. She plays for the club Ortiz Celado and on the Dominican Republic national team. She competed at the 2013 World Women's Handball Championship in Serbia where the Dominican Republic placed 23rd.
 Rabo Kabara Saminou Gado (born in 23 May 1986 in Agadez) is a Nigerien footballer who for FUS Rabat. He is also the member of Niger national team.
 Salim Sdiri (born 26 October 1978) is a French long jumper of Tunisian descent. His personal best is 8.42 metres achieved in June 2009 at Pierre-Bénite which is the current French national record. He is also the French national record holder for indoor long jump with a of 8.27 m jump in 2006. He has jumped eight meters or more every season since 2002 and has a bronze medallion from the 2007 European Indoor Athletics Championships.
 Nick Cullen (born 10 April 1984) is an Australian professional golfer. He is a member of the 2012 Golf Australia Rookie Squad.Cullen played on the Canadian Tour in 2010 and the PGA Tour of Australasia in 2011. He won his first professional tournament at the Enjoy Jakarta Indonesia Open on the OneAsia Tour.He also qualified for the 2012 Open Championship through International Final Qualifying.
 Philip (Phil) Andrew Brown (born 6 January 1962 in Birmingham West Midlands) was a British athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres. In the individual 400m his results were not outstanding; however he was an exceptional anchor leg relay runner anchoring the British team to a number of medals.
 Goran Janković (Serbian: Горан Jанковић ;born 12 December 1978 in Belgrade) is a Serbian footballer midfielder who plays for Donji Srem in Jelen SuperLiga.
 Yaroslava Yasa Nechaeva (Russian: Ярослава Нечаева also romanized as Iaroslava Netchaeva) is a former ice dancer who competed with Yuri Chesnichenko for the Soviet Union Russia and Latvia. She currently lives in Ann Arbor Michigan where she works as a coach.
 Oscar Theander Harstad (May 24 1892 – November 14 1985) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who appeared in 32 games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1915 Cleveland Indians season. After his baseball career Theander as he was called by his family and friends became a dentist serving the Milton-Freewater Oregon community for over 50 years.He was born in Parkland Washington and died in Corvallis Oregon at age 93. He was buried at Oaklawn Cemetery in Corvallis.
 John Charles Calhoun (December 14 1879 in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania – February 27 1947 in Cincinnati Ohio) nicknamed Jack and Red was a baseball player for the St. Louis Cardinals in 1902.The 22-year-old ballplayer made his major league debut on June 27 1902 and played in his final game on September 18 of that year. In 20 games (64 at-bats) he hit .156 with two doubles one triple and eight RBI.His minor league career lasted considerably longer.
 Chris Nicholas Duhon (born August 31 1982) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Duhon was a point guard for the Duke Blue Devils men's basketball team from 2000 to 2004. He then played for the Chicago Bulls New York Knicks and Orlando Magic before joining the Lakers. Fellow basketball player Jarrett Jack is his cousin.
 David Etxebarria Alkorta (July 23 1973 Abadiño Basque Country) is a Spanish professional road racing cyclist.
 Beas Sarkar (born 23 December 1979) is a One Day International cricketer who represents India. She represents Bengal Women in India's domestic league. She is a right hand batsman and bowls right-arm medium fast and has played one ODI.
 Caique Silva Rocha (Salvador January 10 1988) is a Brazilian footballer who can play a variety of midfiled roles. He currently plays for South Korean K League Classic side Ulsan Hyundai.
 Andrew Stephen Andy Roddick (born August 30 1982) is a retired American professional tennis player and former World No. 1. He was known for his fast service and powerful forehand.He became a Grand Slam singles champion when he won the title at the 2003 US Open defeating Juan Carlos Ferrero in the final. He is currently the last North American male player to win a Grand Slam singles event and the last to both become world number-one and year-end world number-one (2003).
 Omid Khaledi (born 29 October 1988) is an Iranian footballer playing for Foolad in the Iran Pro League.
 Manzoor Elahi (Urdu: منظور الہی) (born April 15 1963 Sahiwal Punjab) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 6 Tests and 54 ODIs from 1984 to 1995. His two brothers Zahoor Elahi and Saleem Elahi have also played for Pakistan.
 Albert Al Rusty Hughes (May 13 1901 – November 7 1969) was a professional ice hockey player who played 60 games in the National Hockey League during the 1930-31 and 1931-32 seasons. Born in Guelph Ontario he played with the New York Americans in addition to a career in minor league hockey.He died at a Collingwood hospital in 1969.
 Syaiful Lewenusa (born on June 13 1986 in Masohi Seram Central Maluku Regency) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiba Balikpapan in the Indonesia Super League.
 Patrice Lauzon (born November 26 1975 in Montréal Québec) is a Canadian ice dancer. With partner and wife Marie-France Dubreuil he is a two-time (2006–2007) World silver medalist.
 Félix Loustau (25 December 1922 - 5 January 2003) is a former Argentine footballer who was a key player on the River Plate squad known as La Máquina. La Maquina is considered to be one of the greatest team ever assembled in the history of South American football. They dominated Argentine football during the first half of the 1940s winning eight national titles during his time at the club.
 Henning Borch is a former world class badminton player from Denmark who won major tournaments from the early 1960s to the early 1970s. In the 1964 Borch reached the men's singles final at the prestigious All-England Championships narrowly losing to fellow countryman Knud Aage Nielsen. His most impressive achievement was sharing three consecutive All-England men's doubles titles with Erland Kops from 1967 to 1969.
 John Lewis McReady (born 24 July 1992) is an English footballer who plays for FC Halifax Town as a midfielder.McReady started his career with Darlington in their youth system as a 10-year old and was first included in the first-team squad during the 2008–09 season. He made his debut towards the end of the following season and by the end of the 2011–12 season had established himself in the team. After Darlington were demoted to the Northern League in 2012 McReady signed for York City.
 John Jackson 'Jack' Sergeant (born 27 February 1995) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Gibraltar Premier Division side Manchester 62 and the Gibraltar national team as a defender.
 Robert James Red Wilson (born March 7 1929) is a former professional baseball and college football player. He played 10 seasons in Major League Baseball for the Chicago White Sox (1951–1954) Detroit Tigers (1954–1960) and Cleveland Indians (1960) primarily as a catcher.
 Javier Gallo González (born August 6 1983 in Tijuana Baja California Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer in the Bantamweight division.
 Antwaun Molden (born January 23 1985) is an American football cornerback who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Houston Texans in the third round of the 2008 NFL Draft. He played college football for Eastern Kentucky.
 Artur Paulo Oliveira da Silva aka Best (born 24 December 1968 in Guimarães) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
 Lance Michael Dickson (born October 19 1969 in Fullerton California) is a former Chicago Cubs baseball player who played for them in 1990. He was a left-handed pitcher/right-handed batter.He attended the University of Arizona. He was drafted by the Houston Astros on June 2 1987 in the 37th round (953rd overall) of the amateur draft. Dickson did not sign with the team opting to go to college and try to improve his draft prospects.
 Patrick John Miguel van Aanholt (born 29 August 1990) is a Dutch footballer who plays for Vitesse on loan from Chelsea as a left back.
 Nikolay Petrov (Bulgarian: Николай Петров; born 30 September 1988 in Byala) is a Bulgarian football midfielder who currently plays for Dunav Ruse.
 Xu Jiankun (Chinese: 徐健焜; pinyin: Xú Jiànkūn; born October 8 1986 in Changchun Jilin) is a Chinese pair skater. The two are the 2006 Chinese national bronze medalists. They placed seventh at the 2006 Four Continents Championships.
 Lasse Johansson (born 2 April 1975) is a Swedish footballer currently playing for Emmaboda IS. He played for Kalmar FF from 2001-2009.
 Damian Donald Miller (born October 13 1969 in La Crosse Wisconsin) is a former Major League Baseball catcher who last played for the Milwaukee Brewers.
 Yuji Goto (born 20 August 1985) is a former Japanese football player.
 Derrick Richardson (born in Denver Colorado) is an American football safety for the Florida Tuskers of the United Football League. He was signed by the Pittsburgh Steelers as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at New Mexico State.
 Robin Simon Christopher Martin-Jenkins (born 28 October 1975 Guildford Surrey England) is an English cricketer who played for Sussex CCC and British Universities. He is six feet 5 inches tall. He is the son of Christopher Martin-Jenkins the cricket writer and commentator. Martin-Jenkins was educated at Radley College and was in the same college house at the same time as cricketers Andrew Strauss and Ben Hutton.
 Jan Möller (born 17 September 1953 in Malmö) is a retired Swedish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
 Simon Mangos (born February 15 1980 in Brampton Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Bossier-Shreveport Mudbugs.
 Niels Marius Nielsen (October 5 1883 – 1961) was a Norwegian sailor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.He was a crew member of the Norwegian boat Fornebo which won the silver medal in the 7 metre class.
 Peter Mičic (born 30 April 1986) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for FK Púchov.
 Zhang Shujing (simplified Chinese: 张淑晶; traditional Chinese: 張淑晶; pinyin: Zhāng Shújīng born September 13 1978) is a Chinese long-distance runner.She finished twelfth in the marathon at the 2004 Olympic Games and the 2003 World Championships. She also won the Asian Marathon Championships in 2002 and 2004.Her personal best times are 15:34.54 minutes over 5000 metres (2001) 1:12:46 hours in the half marathon (2003) and 2:23:17 hours in the marathon (2002).
 Jordan Michael Fowler (born 1 October 1984 in Barking) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a midfielder.
 Alfred George Richard “Red” Carr (December 29 1916 – May 16 1990) was a Canadian ice hockey left winger who spent eight seasons playing Senior hockey before playing for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League in 1943. He played junior hockey for the Winnipeg Junior Falcons. He was born in Winnipeg Manitoba. He is the father of Gene Carr who also played in the NHL.
 Maksim Andreyevich Zhestokov (Russian: Максим Андреевич Жестоков; born June 19 1991 in Kazan) is a Russian football defender who plays for FC Rubin Kazan.
 Rob Dumas (born March 19 1969) is a former Canadian ice hockey player. He was drafted in the 9th round (180th overall) of the 1987 NHL Entry Draft by the St. Louis Blues.
 Mads Glæsner (born October 18 1988) is a Danish swimmer. He participated for the first time at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the disciplines 400 metre freestyle and the 1500 metre freestyle. His swimming club is Vallensbæk-VAT but he trains at the National Training Center in Copenhagen.
 Rodrigo Daniel Santiago Pintos (born February 17 1990 in Montevideo Uruguay) is a Uruguayan soccer player who currently plays for Canadian Soccer Club.
 Ian Wayne Callen (born 2 May 1955 Alexandra Victoria) is a former Australian cricketer who played in one Test and 5 ODIs from 1978 to 1982.His only test came against India in Adelaide in 1978 in which he took 6 wickets helping bowl Australia to a series-winning victory. He also toured both the West Indies and Pakistan with the Australian side.
 Monte Jackson (born 1953) is a retired American football player. Jackson played in the NFL between 1975 and 1983. He played college football at San Diego State University. Jackson prepped at St Augustine High School in San Diego.
 Dudi Fadlon (Hebrew: דודי פדלון‎; born 16 September 1976) is a retired Israeli footballer.He was born in Rishon LeZion
 Dmitri Sergeyevich Sachkov (Russian: Дмитрий Серге́евич Сачков; born January 13 1976) is a retired Russian professional football player.
 Anderson Souza Ferreira (born 9 May 1985) also known as Anderson is a naturalized Equatoguinean football defender.
 John Ashley Cockett (born 23 December 1927 in Broadstairs) is a former English sportsman who was an olympic bronze medal winning field hockey player for England and Great Britain. He also played first-class and minor counties cricket.Cockett attended Cambridge University and won his Blues at both cricket and hockey. As a cricketer he was a middle-order batsman while his hockey was played as a half-back.
 Dean Charles Talafous (born August 25 1953 in Duluth Minnesota) is a retired ice hockey player. He played 497 NHL regular season games in 1974–82 for the New York Rangers Minnesota North Stars and the Atlanta Flames as a right winger.
 Jesse Root (born November 23 1989) is an American ice hockey player. He is currently playing for the Bridgeport Sound Tigers of the American Hockey League (AHL).Root played four seasons of NCAA Division I hockey with the Yale Bulldogs men's ice hockey team. He set an NCAA record when he scored against Minnesota nine seconds into overtime at the 2013 West Regional and in his senior year Root's outstanding play was recognized when he was named to the 2013–14 All-Ivy League First Team.
 Dylan Meier (March 16 1984 – April 19 2010) was an American football quarterback. Meier played collegiality at Kansas State and professionally for the Dresden Monarchs of the German Football League and Rhinos Milano of the Italian Football League.Meier was the younger brother of former NFL tight end Shad Meier and older brother of current Atlanta Falcons wide receiver Kerry Meier.
 Viktoriya Rybalko (born October 26 1982) is a Ukrainian long jumper. She was born in track-and-field student-athlete's family in Dnepropetrovsk Ukraine. Her parents decided to name her Victoria - meaning victory. Vika spent her childhood in Moldova after her parents moved there for a job. Her school years started back in Ukraine where she started her first grade in Zaporozhye Ukraine.
 Erik Pfannmöller (born 1985) is a German slalom canoer who competed in the 2000s. He won a gold medal in the K-1 team event at the 2007 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Foz do Iguaçu.He won the overall World Cup title in K-1 in 2006 and 2008. He also won five medals at the European Championships (3 silvers and 2 bronzes).
 Norbert Csernyánszki (born 1 February 1976 in Veszprém) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Paksi SE.
 Aleksandr Dmitriyevich Averin (Russian: Александр Дмитриевич Аверин; born 11 April 1954) is a retired Soviet cyclist. He competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics in the road race and finished in 17th place. He won the multistage Peace Race individually in 1978 and with the Soviet team in 1977–1979.He retired from competitions in 1983 and moved to Odessa Ukraine where he worked as a cycling coach. From the early 1990s to 2004 he taught physical education in a military institute.
 Bryan McCann (born September 29 1987) is an American football cornerback for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League. He was signed by the Dallas Cowboys as an undrafted free agent in 2010. He played college football at Southern Methodist.
 Robert Bell Bobby Conroy (20 June 1929 – 1978) was a Scottish footballer who played as full back for Bury and Tranmere Rovers.
 Alan Birch (born 12 August 1956) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger making over 400 career appearances.
 Dorrel Dory Dixon (born February 1 1935) is a retired Jamaican professional wrestler who worked for the majority of his career in Mexico where he eventually became a Mexican citizen. He is currently a pastor for the Seventh-day Adventist Church preaching about religion and physical health all over Mexico.
 Taylor Potts (born October 13 1987 in Abilene Texas) is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the St. Louis Rams as an undrafted free agent in 2011 but was waived during training camp and then signed as a free agent by the San Diego Chargers in May 2012 where he was expected to compete for the third string quarterback position.
 Howard Fletcher Frier (born March 31 1976) is a retired American-Estonian basketball player.Howard played college basketball for the Colorado Buffaloes averaging 4.5 points and 3.8 rebounds in his senior year. After graduating he played two seasons in the International Basketball Association League for Rochester Skeeters.
 Josimar de Carvalho Ferreira also known as Josimar (born April 9 1972 in Rio de Janeiro) is a retired Brazilian footballer.
 Shona Barbour (born July 4 1979 Calgary Alberta) is a Canadian curler. She is the fifth player for Kerry Galusha out of the Yellowknife Curling Club in Yellowknife.
 Not to be confused with Bob Kelly (ice hockey born 1946)Robert James Houndog Kelly (born November 25 1950) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger who played 12 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Philadelphia Flyers and Washington Capitals.
 Jimmy Humes (born 6 August 1942 Carlisle) is a former English professional footballer who played as a winger. He played in The Football League for four clubs.
 Yekaterina Vladimirovna Shikhova (Russian: Екатерина Владимировна Шихова; born 25 June 1985) is a Russian female speed skater.
 Artyom Vsevolodovich Aksyonenko (Russian: Артём Всеволодович Аксьоненко; born 17 April 1995) is a Russian football midfielder who currently playing for FC Lada-Togliatti Togliatti.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Lada-Togliatti Togliatti on 18 April 2013 in a game against FC Oktan Perm.
 Lotu Filipine (born 27 August 1980) in Tofua Tonga) is rugby union footballer. He plays at flanker. He currently plays with the IBM Big Blue in the Japanese Top League
 Carl Joshua Henry Jr. (born May 31 1986) is an outfielder for the Evansville Otters of the Frontier League. Henry is a former college basketball player for the Southern Nazarene University men's basketball team.
 Myers Arden Clark (May 7 1904 – November 15 1968) was an American football player in the National Football League for the Brooklyn Dodgers the Cleveland Indians the Boston Braves the Cincinnati Reds the St. Louis Gunners and the Philadelphia Eagles. He played college football at Ohio State University.Clark also coached the Cincinnati Reds during their truncated 1933 season. He died at Dayton at the age of 64 in 1968.
 Sergei Yuryevich Ukharev (Russian: Серге́й Юрьевич Ухарев; born February 24 1985) is a Russian professional football player. He last played for FC Lokomotiv Liski.
 Don Francisco Limjuco Dayrit Sr. also known as Don Paco is a Filipino fencer and is dubbed as the Father of Philippine Fencing. He founded the then Philippine Amateur Fencers Association in the 1930s which was incorporated in 1957. He was instrumental for campaigning for the recognition of the sports body by the FIE. The sports body was recognized in 1967. He is one of the personalities included at the FIE Hall of Fame.
 Kevin Curtin is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.Curtin made his full All Whites debut with a substitute appearance in a 1-3 loss to Australia on 9 October 1972 and ended his international playing career with 18 A-international caps to his credit his final cap a substitute appearance in a 1-1 draw also against Australia on 30 March 1977.
 Luigi Lucotti (December 18 1893 in Voghera – December 29 1980 in Voghera) was an Italian road bicycle racer who has won three stages in the Tour de France and a stage at the Giro d'Italia.
 Dennis George A'Court (born 27 July 1937) was a Welsh cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played first-class cricket for Gloucestershire between 1960 and 1963. He was born in Markham.He took 145 first class wickets with a best of 6 for 25 against the South African tourists in 1960. He took 5 wickets in an innings on 5 occasions.
 Sayan Erdyniyevich Darizhapov (Russian: Саян Эрдыниевич Дарижапов; born January 5 1985) is a Russian football defender who currently plays for FC Dolgoprudny.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Dolgoprudny on July 23 2012 in a game against FC Khimik Dzerzhinsk.
 Brad Field is an English professional rugby union player who is dual registered and plays for both Hartpury College R.F.C. and Gloucester
 Vasile Mănăilă (born 22 November 1962 in Feteşti) is a retired Romanian football player who played as a defender.
 Grant Odishaw is a Canadian curler from Moncton New Brunswick. He is an eight time provincial men's champion and former Canadian Mixed champion. He currently throws lead rocks for his brother Terry's team.
 Valentin Chistyakov (born 1 November 1939) is a Russian former hurdler who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
 Ryan Wilson is an American professional wrestler who formerly worked for World Wrestling Entertainment in the Ohio Valley Wrestling developmental promotion as Jacob Duncan where he was a former OVW Heavyweight Champion. He is best known for his appearances with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling where he was known by his ring name Trytan.
 Henry James Parker Harry Montford (1859 – 1942) was an English footballer who played for Stoke.
 İsmail Köse (Turkish pronunciation: [ismael koese] born 1 January 1996) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Manisaspor in the TFF 1. League and The Turkish national under-18 football team.
 Pedro Paulo da Silva or simply Pedro Paulo (born 29 June 1985 in Datas-MG) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Uberlândia.
 Jean Barrett (born May 24 1951) is a former American football offensive lineman who played for the San Francisco 49ers in the National Football League. He graduated W. T. White High School in Dallas Texas and played college football at Tulsa University.
 Dominik Farnbacher (born 26 September 1984 in Ansbach) is a German sports car racing driver and currently an SRT factory driver driving an SRT Viper GTS-R in the TUDOR United SportsCar Championship.
 Franco Fava (born 3 September 1952) is an Italian former long-distance runner.
 Conrad Earnest (born December 20 1957) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper and well respected exercise physiologist. He spent two seasons in the American Soccer League.Earnest began playing soccer at the age of 16. Within two years he earned high school All New York State/All-American status. He began playing collegiate soccer at Ulster County Community College winning the Junior College National Championship in his second year. Earnest then attended the University of Akron.
 Danzell Gravenberch (born 13 February 1994 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch professional football player of Surinamese descent who plays as a defender for NEC on loan from Ajax in the Dutch Eredivisie and for Netherlands U-19.
 Maouhoub Ghazouani (born 1948) is a Moroccan football midfielder who played for Morocco in the 1970 FIFA World Cup. He also played for FAR Rabat.
 Bart Goor (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈbɑrt ˈʝʊːr]; born 9 April 1973) is a Belgian football left winger currently playing for Dessel Sport.
 Wally Gibbins (born 14 April 1890) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
 Abdulaziz Hatem (born October 28 1990) is a Qatari footballer who is a midfielder for Al-Arabi.
 James Jim Ray Hart (born October 30 1941) is a retired third baseman in Major League Baseball. He played for the National League's San Francisco Giants from 1963 to 1973 and the American League's New York Yankees in 1973 and 1974. Hart batted and threw right-handed. In a 12-season career Hart posted a .278 batting average with 170 home runs and 578 runs batted in (RBIs) in 1125 Major League games played.
 Francis Joseph (Bots) Nekola (December 10 1906 – March 11 1987) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Nekola played for the New York Yankees in 1929 and the Detroit Tigers in 1933. In 11 career games he had a 0–0 record with a 5.85 ERA. He batted and threw left-handed.Following his playing career he was the Boston Red Sox' longtime amateur scout in the New York and New Jersey regions.
 Craig Clemons (born June 1 1949 in Sidney Ohio) is a former American football safety in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Chicago Bears 12th overall in the 1972 NFL Draft. He played college football at Iowa. After the 1971 college football season Clemons earned First Team All-American and First Team All-Big Ten honors.
 Don Baldwin (born November 15 1977) is an American pair skater. He competes with Tiffany Vise since 2009. They are a mirror pair team – Baldwin spins counter-clockwise while Vise spins clockwise.
 Oliver Maron (born September 30 1983) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga.
 Rafael José Fernandes Teixeira Vieira (born 9 July 1992 in Vieira do Minho) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Vitória Guimarães B as a midfielder.
 Murray Wright is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country in the 1975 World Cup.
 Harry Digweed (1878 – 1965) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Burton United and the Southern League for Plymouth Argyle and Portsmouth. He was a half back.
 Alexey Yuryevich Sereda (Russian: Алексе́й Ю́рьевич Середа́; born November 21 1990) is a Russian professional association football player who last played for FC Bataysk-2007.
 James Wollaston (1873 – December 1918) was an English footballer who played in the Football Alliance for Small Heath. Wollaston was born in the Hall Green district of Birmingham and played local football before spending a few weeks with Small Heath at the end of the 1890–91 season. He played in three friendlies and once in the Football Alliance standing in at right half for Harry Morris though his preferred position was centre half. He died in Kings Norton Birmingham in 1918 aged about 45.
 Titus Buberník (born 12 October 1933 in Pusté Úľany) is a former Slovak football midfielder. He played for the Czechoslovakia national team in 23 matches and scored 5 goals.He was a participant at the 1958 FIFA World Cup where he played in a match against Northern Ireland (it was his national team debut) and at the 1962 FIFA World Cup where his team won the silver medal.Buberník played for the junior team of SK Slovan Bratislava and later played for FC Košice and CH Bratislava.
 John Patrick Stephenson (born 14 March 1965 Stebbing Essex England) is an English former cricketer who is currently Head of Cricket at the MCC.The cricket writer Colin Bateman commented on Stephenson's Test match appearance by the time John Stephenson was picked in 1989 England's selection policy resembled one of those bingo machines in which numbered balls are blown up a tube at random. Bateman added Stephenson an intelligent useful all-round cricketer became player No.
 Mads Christian Kruse Andersen (born 25 March 1978 in Lolland) is a Danish lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Lightweight coxless fours together with Thomas Ebert Eskild Ebbesen and Morten Jørgensen.
 Viktor Yegorovich Zubarev (Russian: Виктор Егорович Зубарев) (10 April 1973 in Aksu Kazakhstan – 18 October 2004 in Omsk Russia) was a soccer forward from Kazakhstan.
 Jennifer Jenn Suhr (née Stuczynski) (born February 5 1982) is an American pole vaulter. She is the current Olympic champion has been ranked #1 in the World for the last 2 years has been the #1 American pole vaulter since 2006 and has won a total of 14 US National Championships. She holds the world indoor pole vault record at 5.02m. She holds the American women's pole vault record both indoors and outdoors. In 2008 she won the U.S.
 Claudio Marcelo Elías (born 23 September 1974 in Montevideo) is a former Uruguayan footballer.
 Sally Jane Wade (born 13 July 1984) is an English–born football player who plays for the Welsh national team and Barnet. Wade plays as a defender or midfielder and has accumulated almost twenty caps for Wales.
 Jann Ingi Petersen (born 7 January 1984) is a Faroese football midfielder. He is currently under contract with B68 Toftir. He usually plays as controlling midfielder.Petersen is specialised in both penalty kicks and free kicks.He has been capped for the Faroe Islands national team 23 times.
 Johnny Cristián Herrera Muñoz (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈjoni eˈreɾa] born 9 May 1981) is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for Primera División club Universidad de Chile as goalkeeper.
 Scott Travis Beavers (born February 17 1967 in Atlanta Georgia) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Denver Broncos. He played collegiately for the Georgia Tech football team.
 Alexander Sanderson (born in 7 October 1979 in Chester) is a former English rugby union footballer who played in the back row for Saracens and Sale Sharks. He is the brother of Pat Sanderson who also played rugby for Littleborough RUFC.His rugby career blossomed under coach Brian Gornall at Kirkham Grammar School.
 François Ludo (4 March 1930-29 June 1992) was a French football player.
 Akihiro Maeda (前田 章宏 born June 19 1983 in Nagoya Aichi Prefecture) is a Japanese professional baseball catcher for the Chunichi Dragons in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.
 Herbert Arthur Bert Llewellyn (born 5 February 1939) is an English footballer. A centre-forward he scored 101 goals in 213 league appearances in a nine-year career in the Football League.He began his career at Everton in May 1956 and played eleven top-flight games before moving on to Crewe Alexandra in July 1958. He proved a prolific signing hitting 51 goals in 96 league games before he was sold on to Port Vale for a £7000 fee in November 1960.
 Ernest Ernie Buckland was a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country between 1909 and 1911.
 Kenneth Leonard Ki-Jana Carter (/kiːˈdʒɑːnə/; born September 12 1973) is a former American college and professional football player who was a running back in the National Football League (NFL) for seven seasons. He played college football for Penn State University and earned All-American honors. He was the No.
 James McArthur (born 7 October 1987) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a central midfielder for Football League Championship club Wigan Athletic and the Scotland national football team.McArthur started his career at Hamilton Academical and was part of the team that won the 2007–08 Scottish First Division title. He made over 190 appearances for Hamilton before joining Wigan in July 2010.
 Philippe Audet (born June 4 1977 in Ottawa Ontario and raised in Saint-Joseph-du-Lac Quebec) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player that played for the Detroit Red Wings in the NHL.
 Ryan Bedford (born October 20 1986 in Yuma Arizona) is an American speed skater who competed at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
 Oscar Joseph Ossie Vitt (January 4 1890 – January 31 1963) was a Major League Baseball third baseman in the American League for the Detroit Tigers (1912–1918) and Boston Red Sox (1919–1921). Vitt later became manager of the Cleveland Indians (1938–1940) where he sometimes clashed with his players.
 Mikhail Meyreles (born 26 October 1990) is an international soccer player from the Dominican Republic who plays soccer as a Forward for the ACF Gloria 1922 Bistriţa.
 Tomáš Sýkora (born Přerov November 20 1978) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He played with HC Zlín in the Czech Extraliga during the 2010–11 Czech Extraliga season.
 Mohamed Sakho (born on 5 August 1988 in Conakry) is a Guinean footballer who currently plays for the Moroccan side Olympique Safi.
 Patrick Dangerfield (born 5 April 1990) is an Australian rules football player for the Adelaide Football Club. Dangerfield was Adelaide’s first selection in the 2007 National Draft after the club drafted him at pick 10 overall (somewhat controversially over Port Adelaide footballer Brad Ebert).
 Luke Michael Norris (born 3 June 1993) is an English footballer playing as a forward for Dagenham & Redbridge in League Two on loan from Brentford.
 Miroslav Milošević (Serbian Cyrillic: Mиpocлaв Mилoшeвић ; born 2 July 1975 in Kruševac) is a Serbian footballer last playing for FK Kovačevac.
 Paul Oronhyatekha Jacobs (March 9 1894 – May 1 1973) was a Canadian professional ice hockey and lacrosse player. Jacobs played one game in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Toronto Arenas during the 1918–19 NHL season. Jacobs may have been the first aboriginal ice hockey player in the NHL.Jacobs was a resident of the Kahnawake Mohawk Territory south of Montreal. Jacobs was proficient as a youth playing lacrosse.
 Dario Vujičević (born 1 April 1990) is a Bosnian-born Croatian professional footballer who currently plays for Eredivisie side Heracles Almelo.
 Michael Earl Mike Smith (born August 10 1965 in Roswell New Mexico) is an American jockey who has been one of the leading riders in U.S. Thoroughbred racing since the early 1990s inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 2003 and has won the most Breeders' Cup races of any jockey.The son of a jockey Smith began riding races in his native New Mexico at age 11 and took out a jockey's license at age 16 in 1982.
 Fabien Alain Barthez (French pronunciation: ​[fabjɛ̃ baʁˈtɛz]; born 28 June 1971 in Lavelanet) is a French former footballer goalkeeper who won honours with Marseille Manchester United and the French national team with whom he won the 1998 FIFA World Cup and Euro 2000 and reached the final of the 2006 World Cup. He shares the record for the most World Cup finals clean sheets with Peter Shilton with 10.
 Friday Iyam (born 1 December 1989 in Kaduna) is a Nigerian footballer who currently plays for FC Viikingit.
 Ray Cashmere (born January 12 1980 in Kogarah) is a former professional rugby league player with Wests Tigers and North Queensland Cowboys in the NRL and the Salford City Reds.
 Joshua Josh Lennie (born 23 March 1986) is an English footballer who plays for Wingate & Finchley as a goalkeeper.
 Vladimir Guma Bogdanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Богдановић; born October 5 1986) is a Serbian footballer.Bogdanović started his career at FK Jedinstvo Ub before joining Red Star. He was then loaned to FK Smederevo and came back to Red Star prior to the Serbian Superliga 2007-08 season. He transferred to Chinese club Liaoning Whowin at March 2011. In July 2012 he signed a 1-year contract with Greek club Panetolikos F.C. after being on trial for a week.
 David Joseph Costa (October 27 1941 - May 2013) was a American football defensive tackle. He played [high school football] at Saunders Trades and Technical H.S in Yonkers and college football at the University of Utah and Northeastern Junior College in Sterling Colorado and in the American Football League with the Oakland Raiders from 1963 through 1965 the Buffalo Bills in 1966 and the Denver Broncos from 1967 through 1969.
 Nils Täpp (27 October 1917 Malung Dalarna – 23 October 2000) was a Swedish cross-country skier who competed in the late 1940s and early 1950s. He won two medals in the 4 x 10 km relay at the Winter Olympics with a gold in 1948 and a bronze in 1952.Täpp also won 4 x 10 km relay event at the 1950 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships. He also was Swedish national champion at 15 km in 1946 with Sågmyra IF and 3 x 10 km relay in 1949 with Östersunds SK
 James Gibb Fotheringham (19 December 1933 – 1977) was a Scottish football defender.Fotheringham was a product of the Arsenal youth system and at 6'4 looked to be an imposing centre back. However Fotheringham managed only a few runs in the first team and never really convinced before joining Heart of Midlothian for £10000 in 1959.
 Morné Nico van Wyk (born 20 March 1979) is a right-handed South African cricketer who has played in 13 One Day Internationals for the Proteas.He has also functioned as wicket-keeper. He made his ODI debut at Lords in 2003 scoring 17 in a very low scoring game. He is also the brother of fellow Eagles player Divan van Wyk. On 9 January 2011 in a Twenty20 International match against India Morné scored the quickest half-century ever by a South African. It came off only 24 balls.
 José Manuel Mesarina Mayorga (born 15 November 1988) is a Peruvian footballer who plays primarily as a right back. He currently plays for José Gálvez FBC in the Torneo Descentralizado.
 John William Jack Pattison (born 10 April 1887 – 1970) is a former football player who played as an outside left for a number of clubs in the Football League.
 Lorenzo Carotti (born January 31 1985 in Jesi) is an Italian professional football player currently playing for Pavia.He represented Italy at the 2004 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship and at the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship.
 Paul Edmore LaPalme (December 14 1923 – February 7 2010) was an American professional baseball pitcher who played from 1951 through 1957 for four different teams in Major League Baseball. Listed at 5 ft 10 in (1.78 m) 184 lb. he batted and threw left-handed. A native of Springfield Massachusetts LaPalme was a knuckleball specialist. He spent 16 years in baseball pitching seven seasons in the major leagues and 12 in the minors.
 Phil Bradmore (born 2 April 1959) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).Bradmore was recruited to the VFL from Sydney club North Shore and spent most of his time in the Footscray reserves. A key position player he played at West Perth for the rest of the 1980s. He won the Breckler Medal West Perth's 'fairest and best' award in 1985.
 (Albert Edward) Harry Meyer Archibald Primrose 6th Earl of Rosebery KT PC (8 January 1882 – 31 May 1974) styled Lord Dalmeny until 1929 was a British politician who briefly served as Secretary of State for Scotland in 1945.
 Paul Gerard Capdeville Castro (born 2 April 1983 in Santiago) is a Chilean tennis player.
 John Campbell (19 February 1870 – 1906) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland as a forward. He was the brother of Sunderland manager Robert Campbell.
 Elles Maria Leferink (born November 14 1976 in Weerselo Overijssel) is a female volleyball player from the Netherlands who represented her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta Georgia finishing in fifth place.Leferink was a leading youngster in the Netherlands women's national volleyball team that won the gold medal at the 1995 European Championship by defeating Croatia (3-0) in the final.Among other awards she was elected best player of Europe aged 19 in 1995 and best server at the World Championship 1998 and the European Championship in 2003.She retired in 2007 becoming a mother.
 Lily Matthews (born 30 September 1989) is a Welsh racing cyclist from Builth Wells Wales.
 Tom Perko is a former linebacker in the National Football League. He graduated from Steubenville Catholic Central High School in 1972 was a member of the school's 1971 state championship team and was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the fourth round of the 1976 NFL Draft and played that season with the team.
 Bronson Harrison (born 10 October 1985) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer for the St. George Illawarra Dragons of the National Rugby League. He primarily plays in the second-row and lock. He previously played for the Wests Tigers and Canberra Raiders. Harrison has also represented the New Zealand Kiwis at international level and was a part of the 2008 World Cup winning squad.
 Timothy Edward Manning (December 3 1853 – June 11 1934) was an English professional baseball player who played mostly as a second baseman in Major League Baseball from 1882 to 1885. He began his career with the Providence Grays in 1882. After his first season he then played two full seasons and one partial season for the Baltimore Orioles before returning to the Grays in his final season.
 João Carlos Gonçalves Correia (born Lisbon 19 August 1979) is a Portuguese rugby union player. He plays as a hooker. He is professionally a physician. He is a member of Direito where he already won several titles of the National Championship.He has 74 caps for Portugal since his first game in 2003 with 4 tries scored 20 points on aggregate. Correia was a member of the Portugal squad that entered the 2007 Rugby World Cup finals playing in all of the four games.
 Pablo Montes Casanova (born November 23 1945 in Havana – died October 26 2008) was a Cuban sprinter. His career highlight came in 1968 as he together with Hermes Ramírez Juan Morales and Enrique Figuerola won an Olympic silver medal in 4 x 100 metres relay. He was also fourth in the 100 m final just outside the medals. In 1970 he won both the short sprint events (100 metres and 200 metres) at the Central American and Caribbean Games.
 Ma Xingyu (simplified Chinese: 马兴煜; traditional Chinese: 馬興煜; pinyin: Mǎ Xīngyù; born 4 November 1989 in Qingdao Shandong) is a Chinese football player. He currently plays for Qingdao Hainiu.
 Lynsey Riann Frances Askew (born 3 September 1986 in Bromley Kent) is an English cricketer who has played for England in One-Day International matches and international Twenty20 cricket.At the age of 20 she scored fifty runs in a ODI against New Zealand in the 2006/07 quad series in India. Askew is also a bowler taking 2/38 against India in the quad series.In 1995 at the age of 9 Askew together with some friends started a ladies team at Hayes Cricket Club. She attended Hayes School.
 Anthony 'Tony' Charles Frias III (born 16 November 1979 in Hudson Massachusetts) is an American retired soccer player who played as a midfielder or a striker.
 Maksym Dehtyarev (Ukrainian: Максим Сергійович Дегтярьов; born 30 May 1993 in Kirovsk Luhansk Oblast Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football striker who plays on loan from FC Metalurh Donetsk for FC Stal Alchevsk in the Ukrainian First League. He is the product of the FC Stal Alchevsk youth sportive school in the Ukrainian First League and in February 2012 was signed 5 years deal with FC Metalurh but continued to play for FC Stal on loan.
 Peter Whitehead was a British sports shooter. He competed in the 1000 yard free rifle event at the 1908 Summer Olympics.
 Randall Wayne Rich (born December 28 1953) is a former American football defensive back who played three seasons in the National Football League with the Detroit Lions Denver Broncos Oakland Raiders and Cleveland Browns. He played college football at the University of New Mexico and attended North High School in Bakersfield California.
 Ethel Hannah Catherwood (April 28 1908 – September 26 1987) was a Canadian athlete.Born in Hannah North Dakota United States Ethel Catherwood was raised and educated in Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada where she excelled at baseball basketball and track and field athletics. In 1926 she equalled a Canadian record for high jump at the Saskatoon city track and field championships. On Labour Day of the same year she broke the British-held high jump world record.
 Damen Bell-Holter (born April 13 1990) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Maine Red Claws of the NBA D-League. He played college basketball at Oral Roberts University.
 Graham Johnson (born 1 May 1958) is a former English cricketer. Johnson was a left-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast-medium. He was born in Hetton-le-Hole County Durham.Johnson made his debut for Durham against Cheshire in the 1982 Minor Counties Championship. He played Minor counties cricket for Durham from 1982 to 1987 making 18 Minor Counties Championship appearances and 7 MCCA Knockout Trophy appearances.
 Christopher Michael Pryor (born January 23 1961) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman who played parts of six seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Minnesota North Stars and New York Islanders. He is currently the Philadelphia Flyers' Director of Scouting.
 Luiz Fernando da Silva Monte (born 14 April 1991 in Camaragibe) commonly known as Fernando Karanga or simply Karanga is a Brazilian forward. He currently plays for Boa Esporte.
 Marcus Darell Cannon (born May 6 1988) is an American football guard and tackle with the New England Patriots of the National Football League. Prior to the 2011 NFL Draft Cannon was considered one of the top offensive guard prospects; the Patriots selected Cannon in the fifth round with the 138th pick.
 Igor Lozo (born 2 March 1984) is a Croatian football player playing for NK Međimurje. He previously played for Chornomorets Odessa.
 Konstantin Vladimirovich Ionov (Russian: Константин Владимирович Ионов; born March 29 1983) is a Russian professional footballer. He made his debut in the Russian Premier League in 2001 for FC Saturn Ramenskoye. Currently he plays for FC Metallurg-Oskol Stary Oskol in the Russian Second Division.He is an identical twin brother of Aleksandr Ionov.
 Christophe Le Roux (born 7 March 1969 in Lorient France) is a French retired footballer.He played his whole career in Brittany with FC Lorient En Avant Guingamp FC Nantes Atlantique Stade Rennais FC and Vannes OC.
 Daniel Tjärnqvist (born October 14 1976) is a Swedish ice hockey defenceman currently playing with Kölner Haie of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL). His younger brother Mathias plays for his previous team Djurgårdens IF in the Swedish elite league Elitserien.
 Victoria Chernova is a paralympic athlete from Russia competing mainly in category T12 middle distance events.Victoria competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics where she won bronze medals in both the 800m and 5000m as well as competing in the 1500m
 Ricco Rodriguez (born August 19 1977) is an American mixed martial artist. Ricco is a former UFC Heavyweight Champion Mundials World Champion and also an ADCC World Champion. He has competed in the biggest organizations in the world such as Pride Fighting Championship EliteXC International Fight League BAMMA World Extreme Cagefighting and Bellator Fighting Championships. He is also the former King of the Cage Openweight Superfight Champion.
 Walter Matthysse (born August 29 1978 in Esperanza Santa Fe) is a male light middleweight boxer from Argentina. His younger brother Lucas Matthysse is also a boxing contender. Matthysse made his professional debut on October 4 2002 against Juan Roberto Vilchez.
 Barry Seabourne (birth registered January→March 1947 (age 66–67) in Leeds district) is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s and '70s and coach of the 1980s playing at representative level for Great Britain and England and at club level for Leeds and Bradford Northern as a Scrum-half/Halfback i.e. number 7 and coaching at club level for Bradford Northern.
 Dragan Arsenović (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Арсеновић) (October 6 1952 – March 7 2004) was a Serbian footballer.
 Gary Winchester (born September 8 1952) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He was selected by the St. Louis Blues in the 8th round (121st overall) of the 1972 NHL Amateur Draft.Winchester attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison to played four seasons (1970 – 1974) of NCAA hockey with the Wisconsin Badgers scoring 40 goals and 44 assists for 84 points in 144 games played.
 Julie Bradbury (born 12 February 1967) is a former English female badminton player.
 Vule Avdalović (born November 24 1981 in Gacko SR Bosnia and Herzegovina SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian professional basketball player who last played for Alba Berlin of the German League.
 Robert Top Gun Hight (born August 20 1969) is an NHRA drag racer.[1] He was #1 in points standings in 2009 with 2547 points garnering his John Force Racing team its 15th championship. He is married to John Force's daughter Adria Hight John Force Racing's Chief Financial Officer. He drives the Auto Ford Club Mustang. His crew chief is Jimmy Prock. Hight has finished in the top 10 in points in all seven of his competitive seasons.[2]
 Ross Thomas Lyons (born 8 December 1984) is a Scottish cricket player. He is a left-handed batsman and a slow left-arm orthodox spin bowler.He made his debut for the Scottish national team on 26 August 2005 in a totesport league match against Derbyshire. He has played 61 times for Scotland in all formats including 25 One Day Internationals his first match at that level coming on 27 June 2006 against Pakistan. He has also represented Scotland at Under-15 Under-17 Under-19 and Under-23 level.
 Allister Hogg (born 20 January 1983 in Stirling Scotland) is a Scottish Rugby Union player who plays rugby union at either flanker or number eight formerly for Scotland and is currently vice-captain for Newcastle Falcons.
 Ryan Duthie (born September 2 1974) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He was twice selected in the NHL Entry Draft. At the 1992 NHL Entry Draft he was selected 105th overall by the New York Islanders and at the 1994 NHL Entry Draft he was selected 91st overall by the Calgary Flames.Duthie played major junior hockey with the Spokane Chiefs of the Western Hockey League and began his professional career with the 1994–95 Saint John Flames of the American Hockey league.
 Glenn McLean (born 10 July 1961) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).McLean whose father Tom was a Melbourne player in the 1950s attended Moorabbin Technical School and played his early football at Beaumaris. He came to Melbourne from Sandringham in the Victorian Football Association. A ruckman McLean managed just three VFL appearances in 1980 and 1981.
 Matt Acton is an Australian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Brisbane Roar. Acton was born to Finnish mother and English father.
 Iván Ramiro Córdoba Sepúlveda (Spanish pronunciation: [iˈβ̞an ˈko̞ɾð̞o̞β̞a] born 11 August 1976 in Rionegro Antioquia Department) is a retired Colombian footballer who played for Internazionale and the Colombia national team. He was the vice-captain of Internazionale and has also served as captain for his country.
 Jahir Butrón Gotuzzo (born 30 October 1975) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a center back. He currently plays for Deportivo Coopsol. He is also the older brother of goalkeeper Leao Butrón.
 William Lawrence Willie Cook (11 March 1906 – 1981) was a Scottish professional footballer. An outside left he began his senior career with Forfar Athletic before joining Dundee in 1925. Cook spent much of his career with Football League club Bolton Wanderers making 234 League appearances and scoring 35 goals for the Trotters. While at Bolton he won three caps for the Scottish national team. He later played for Blackpool and Reading before rejoining Dundee in 1939.
 Yonata Álvaro Ortega (born November 11 1986 in Bajos De Haina Dominican Republic) was a minor league baseball relief pitcher in the Texas Rangers. He is currently a free agent.Ortega began his professional career in 2006 playing for the DSL Diamondbacks. That season he went 2-7 with a 3.43 ERA in 14 games (11 starts). In 2007 he pitched for the Missoula Osprey going 0-2 with a 6.40 ERA in 19 relief appearances. He did not play in 2008.
 Viktória Kokas (born 15 November 1990 in Győr) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Veszprém Barabás KC as a right wing.
 Kenneth Lyle Chub Houston (born September 15 1953) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player.Originally drafted by the Atlanta Flames in the 1973 NHL Entry Draft Houston played seven seasons for the franchise including two after the team relocated to Calgary.
 Marco Andrés Estrada Quinteros (born May 28 1983 in Viña del Mar) is a Chilean football midfielder currently playing for Al-Wahda of the UAE Pro-League.
 Slobodan Jakovljević (Serbian Cyrillic: Слободан Јаковлјевић born 26 May 1989) is a Serbian football player. The defender plays for FK Inđija in Serbian First League.
 Michael Edward Grzanich (born August 24 1972 in Canton Illinois) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Grzanich played in one game for the Houston Astros on May 14 1998.
 Yandro Miguel Quintana Rivalta (born January 30 1980 in Ciego de Ávila) is a Cuban wrestler who competed in the Men's Freestyle 60 kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics which were also his first Olympics. He won the gold medal by defeating Masuod Jokar in the final with the help of his coach Filberto Delgado. He stands 5'2 and 132 lbs. In 2003 he came in first at the Pan American Games. He now resides in Havana Cuba.
 Nikolai Prokhorkin (born 17 September 1993) is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing with CSKA Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League. He was drafted in 2012 by the Los Angeles Kings of the NHL.
 Roderick Calder Kinkead-Weekes (born 15 March 1951) is a former South African born English cricketer. Kinkead-Weekes was a right-handed batsman who played primarily as a wicketkeeper. He was educated at Eton College where he was the captain of the college cricket team.Kinkead-Weekes made his first-class debut for Oxford University in 1972 against Leicestershire.
 José Pedro Cepeda Espinhosa Teixeira (born 16 February 1991 in Braga) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Leixões Sport Club as a defender.
 Alexander Nikolayevich Svitov (Russian: Александр Николаевич Свитов; born November 3 1982) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward currently playing for Ak Bars Kazan of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
 Alioune Kébé (born 24 November 1984) is a former Senegalese football striker.Kebe is since August 2008 owner of the seneaglese club Mayacine Foot Centre.
 Edward Arthur Rube DeGroff (September 2 1879 – December 17 1955) was a professional baseball outfielder from 1903 to 1916. He played two seasons in Major League Baseball for the St. Louis Cardinals. DeGroff was 5 feet 11 inches tall and weighed 190 pounds.
 José del Carmen (born 1917) was a Colombian fencer. He competed in the individual sabre events at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
 Celerino Sánchez Pérez (February 3 1944 – May 1 1992) was a Major League baseball third baseman. He was regarded as an excellent infielder. Sánchez starred as a baseball player in the Mexican League from 1964 to 1971 primarily with the Tigres del México before joining the New York Yankees organization in 1972.
 Yuki Ozawa (小澤 雄希 Ozawa Yuki born October 4 1983 in Shizuoka) is a Japanese football player currently playing for S.C. Sagamihara.He previously played in Netherlands.
 Konstantin Valerievich Rudenko (Russian: Константин Валерьевич Руде́нко; born July 23 1981) is a Kazakhstani-Russian professional ice hockey winger who currently plays for Barys Astana of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He was selected by the Philadelphia Flyers in the 6th round (160th overall) of the 1999 NHL Entry Draft. He is the younger brother of Bogdan Rudenko.
 Maria Toorpakay Wazir (Pashto: ماريه تورپيکۍ وزير‎; Urdu: ماریه تورپیکئ وزیر‎; b. November 22 1990 in South Waziristan) is a Pashtun professional squash player from Pakistan.She is currently ranked 54th in the world and is Pakistan No. 1. She is one of three Pakistani women in the top 200.
 Keith Tucker (born 25 November 1936 in Deal Kent) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a left back.
 Mustafa Kemal Muzzy Izzet (Turkish: İzzet; born 31 October 1974 in Mile End London) is a former footballer who played for Chelsea Leicester City Birmingham City and the Turkish national team. His father is a Turkish Cypriot who came to England as a small boy and his mother is English. His younger brother Kemal also became a professional footballer.
 Aleksandr Vladimirovich Filimonov (Russian: Александр Владимирович Филимонов; born 15 October 1973 in Yoshkar-Ola) is an association football goalkeeper.
 Lauren Nourse (born 10 August 1982 in Loxton Australia) is an Australian netball player who plays for the Australian national netball team.The dynamic wing-attack first rose to prominence in 2003 when she made her debut in the Australian National Netball League for the AIS Canberra Darters.
 Jeffrey David Larish (born October 11 1982) is a free agent American professional baseball infielder and outfielder who last played for the Indianapolis Indians in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization. He was released by the Indians in August 2013.
 Sergei Vasilievich Pryakhin (sometimes Priakin; born December 7 1963) is a Russian former ice hockey forward who played 20 seasons in several leagues. He is a former captain of Krylya Sovetov Moscow (Soviet Wings) of the Soviet League and is best known in North America for being the first Soviet given permission to play in the National Hockey League (NHL). He joined the Calgary Flames in 1989 and played parts of three seasons in the NHL.
 Erwin Argenis Moreira Alcivar (born June 15 1987 in Manta) is an Ecuadorian football defender who plays for Mushuc Runa.At LDU Quito he spent the first couple of matches in 2011 as an alternate. He gained his first cap with the team starting against Manta FC on February 20 2011. In the same match he scored his first goal for the team and opened up the scoreboard in a 5–0 rout.
 Gordon Hodgson (13 October 1952 – April 1999) was an English footballer.A central midfielder Hodgson began his career at his hometown club Newcastle United but found his chances limited. He moved to Mansfield Town in 1974 became a central figure in the side winning promotion to the Second Division in 1977. He later played for Oxford United and Peterborough United.
 Jeffrey Alan Buddy Boshers (born May 9 1988) is a professional baseball pitcher for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim of Major League Baseball.
 Nancy McConnery (born Nancy Horne on February 26 1963 in Ottawa Ontario) is a Canadian curler. She currently skips her own team out of the Dartmouth Curling Club in Dartmouth Nova Scotia.McConnery has represented both New Brunswick and Nova Scotia at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts. Her first Scott appearance was in 1993 representing New Brunswick. McConnery skipped her team which included Sandy Comeau. They would finish 2-9 in round robin play.
 Daniel Simon Atherton known as Dan Atherton (born 25 January 1982 near Salisbury) is a professional racing cyclist specialising in downhill four cross and enduro-downhill mountain bike racing and is a former national champion of Great Britain.
 Anna Ohmiya (近江谷 杏菜 Ōmiya Anna) is a Japanese curler born October 12 1989 in Tokoro District Hokkaidō Japan.Member of Team Aomori Ohmiya competed at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver Canada for Team Japan. At the 2008 Ford World Women's Curling Championship she served as the Alternate.Her father is Yoshiyuki Ohmiya a curler who competed at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano Japan for Team Japan.Her sister Nanami Ohmiya is also a curler.
 Nasuhi Yağız Kaba (born 7 August 1989) is a Turkish professional basketball player. He currently plays for Beşiktaş Cola Turka.
 Thierry Hupond (born 10 November 1984) is a French professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam Giant-Shimano. Born in Décines-Charpieu Rhône Hupond became professional with Skil-Shimano in 2008 having been a stagiaire with the team in late 2007. In the 2008 Paris–Nice he wore the mountains classification jersey for one day on stage three having broken away from the field during stage two building up a lead of fifteen minutes at one point.
 Scott Adams (born 17 March 1971 in Sydney New South Wales) is an Australian Paralympic skier. He was from Toongabbie and lives in Kimberley British Columbia Canada. He is a below-knee amputee (LW4 classification).
 Kevin Bird (born 7 August 1952 in Doncaster) is a former professional footballer who played as a defender who played for Mansfield Town and Huddersfield Town.Bird began his career as an apprentice at his hometown club Doncaster Rovers but was released in 1972 without making a senior appearance for the team. He then moved to Mansfield Town on the recommendation of Mansfield assistant manager Frank Marshall who had previously been on Doncaster's coaching staff.
 Michael P. McCoy (born April 1 1972) is an American football coach and former quarterback. He is currently the head coach for the San Diego Chargers of the National Football League (NFL).
 Monica Marulli (born March 10 1975) is an Italian volleyball player. She currently plays for Tena Santeramo.
 Carlos Armando Gruezo Arboleda (born 19 April 1995) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays as a midfielder for VfB Stuttgart in the Bundesliga.
 Richard Cohen (born 9 May 1947) is a British fencer who competed at three Olympic Games and the author of Chasing the Sun the story of man's relationship to that star and By the Sword a history of fencing. He is the founder of the book publisher Richard Cohen Books.
 Dwight Sean Jones (born February 19 1962) is a former American football defensive end who played for the Los Angeles Raiders (1984-1987) Houston Oilers (1988-1993) and the Green Bay Packers (1994-1996). Jones was selected to the Pro Bowl after the 1993 season. Sean Jones' brother Max Jones played college football at Massachusetts and later played professional football with the Birmingham Stallions in the USFL in 1984.
 Marat Mubinovich Safin (Russian: Мара́т Муби́нович Са́фин IPA: [mɐˈrat mʊˈbʲinəvʲɪt͡ɕ ˈsafʲɪn] Tatar: Марат Мөбин улы Сафин Marat Möbin uğlı Safin) (born January 27 1980) is a Russian politician and retired tennis player of Tatar ethnicity. Safin won two Grand Slam tournaments and reached the world no. 1 ranking during his career. He was also famous for his emotional outbursts and sometimes fiery temper on court. Safin is the older brother of former world no. 1 WTA player Dinara Safina.
 Green Vigo was a South African rugby union and rugby league footballer who played as a winger.
 Paul Derek Zetland Thompson (born 17 April 1973) is a retired English footballer who played as a striker.Thompson started his career with Redheugh Boys Club before signing for Hartlepool United in 1991. Thompson moved to non-league Gateshead in 1995 where he became the club's record goalscorer scoring 130 goals in 439 total appearances during four stints at the club.
 Mick Prendergast (24 November 1950 - 29 April 2010) was an English professional footballer whose career lasted from 1969 to 1979 during which time he made a total of 232 appearances in all competitions scoring 62 goals. He was a forward player who played for Sheffield Wednesday and Barnsley. Prendergast was a popular player in his time at Hillsborough and went by the nickname of “Prendo”.Prendergast was born in the South Yorkshire coal mining village of Denaby Main on 24 November 1950.
 Carlton Ettore Francesco Myers (born 30 March 1971) is a retired Italian professional basketball player that played in the Italian league and the Euroleague. Myers was raised initially in Britain.
 Jordan Howe (born 12 October 1995) is a Paralympian athlete from Wales competing in category T35 sprinting events. Howe has qualified for the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the 100m and 200m sprint.
 Talant Samsaliev (Талант СэмсЛиев; born 27 April 1980) is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who plays for Dordoi Bishkek. He is a member of the Kyrgyzstan national football team.
 Pedro Miguel Braço Forte Russiano (born 19 November 1984) simply known as Pedro Russiano is a Portuguese footballer who currently is a free agent.Russiano was part of the Vitória Setúbal side who reached the 2005–06 Taça de Portugal.After several unsuccessful seasons playing in Portugal Russiano left for Italian club Gela Calcio. He would remain with the Italian side for one season after only five appearances.
 Nando (born December 5 1985) is a football player. He is a midfielder for the Timor-Leste national football team.
 Roy Alfred Woolcott (b. 29 July 1946 in Leyton) is a former English professional footballer who played for Eton Manor Tottenham Hotspur Gillingham and Chelmsford City.
 Christian Grønborg (born 29 June 1962) is a Danish sailor and Olympic Champion. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul and won a gold medal in the Flying Dutchman class together with Jørgen Bojsen-Møller.
 Sam Backo (born 1 January 1961) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s who has been named as one of the greatest Aboriginal players of the 20th century. He represented Australia and Queensland and played club football in the New South Wales Rugby League premiership for the Canberra Raiders and Brisbane Broncos primarily as a prop forward.
 Reginald Smith Jr. (born September 3 1986) is an American football safety. He was drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the third round of the 2008 NFL Draft. He played college football at Oklahoma.
 Anthony Tony DeVito (born January 20 1972) is an American professional wrestler best known in Extreme Championship Wrestling and Ring of Honor. In ROH he held the World Tag Team Championship with HC Loc as a part of The Carnage Crew.
 Artyom Sergeyevich Bobreshov (Russian: Артём Серге́евич Бобрешов; born March 18 1992) is a Russian professional football player.Currently he plays in the Russian Second Division for FC FSA Voronezh.
 John William Killilay (May 24 1887 – October 21 1968) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox during the 1911 season. Listed at 5 ft 11 in (1.80 m) 165 lb. Killilay batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Leavenworth Kansas.Killilay posted a 4-2 with 28 strikeouts and a 3.54 ERA in 14 appearances including seven starts one complete game and 61 innings of work.Killilay died in Tulsa Oklahoma at age 81.
 Tigran Kotanjian (Armenian: Տիգրան Քոթանջյան; born September 1 1981) is an Armenian chess Grandmaster. He won the 74th Armenian Chess Championship in 2014. On the September 2009 FIDE list he had an Elo rating of 2553 ranking him number twelve in Armenia.Kotanjian won the Dubai Chess Open in 2009 and Karen Asrian Memorial in 2010. In 2011 he tied for 2nd–3rd with Kirill Stupak in the 4th Beirut Open tournament.
 Therese Brisson (born October 5 1966 in Dollard-des-Ormeaux Quebec) is a women's ice hockey player. Brisson played for the Canadian National women's ice hockey team from 1993 to 2005. Brisson was the second oldest member of Team Canada’s gold medal winning team at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City. She competed for Canada at the World Championships in 1994 1997 1999 2000 and 2001.
 Francisco 'Paco' Esteban Granados (born 21 August 1981 in Granada Andalusia) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a forward. Paco Esteban was a complete god on the popular FIFA 12 Ultimate Team.
 Frieda Dänzer (born 16 November 1931 in Adelboden Canton of Bern) is a Swiss former Alpine skier successful in the second half of the 1950s. At the 1956 Winter Olympics she won silver in downhill. At Bad Gastein in 1958 she became world champion in Alpine Combined and won the silver medal in Downhill and bronze in Giant Slalom.
 Tomasz Lenart (born 11 April 1969 in Łódź) is a retired Polish professional footballer who played for ŁKS Łódź and Stomil Olsztyn in the Polish Ekstraklasa.Lenart made two appearances for the Poland national football team.
 Tim Grohmann (born 27 December 1988 in Dresden) is a German rower. He was part of the German crew that won the gold medal in the men's quadruple sculls at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
 Anna Louise DeForge (born April 14 1976 in Iron Mountain Michigan) is an American professional basketball player who most recently played for the Detroit Shock in the WNBA. She is the first player from the University of Nebraska to ever play in the WNBA. After finding little success and playing time for several WNBA teams she finally earned a spot on a WNBA All-Star team in 2004. She was one of the players selected to play in the historic WNBA vs.
 Natalia Yevgenievna Mishkutenok (Russian: Наталья Евгеньевна Мишкутёнок born July 14 1970 in Minsk Belarus SSR) is a retired Russian pair skater who now works as a coach. With former partner Artur Dmitriev she is the 1992 Olympic Champion.
 Andrea Bernini (born 10 June 1973 in Reggello) is an Italian footballer who plays for Sangiovannese.
 Victor Guillen (1892 – 23 July 1968) was a West Indian cricket umpire. He stood in two Test matches between 1935 and 1948.
 Egon William Sundberg (born 27 February 1911) is a former Swedish football left winger who played for Sandvikens IF in Allsvenskan. He made his debut in August 1934 against Sundsvall IF. He decided to retire from football in 1939 but made a comeback in 1941 during the second world war. In total he played 113 games and scored 23 goals.Aside from fotball Egon was also a musician with his own orchestra. Another job he had was to add music to silent films that were shown in the cinema.
 John Lowe is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s playing at representative level for Great Britain and England and at club level for Leeds as a Hooker i.e. number 9 during the era of contested scrums.
 Aitziber Juaristi Caballero is a Spanish football defender currently playing in the Spanish 1st Division for Athletic Bilbao. She is a founding member of the team with whom she has also played the European Cup.
 Julián Andrés Kmet (born 21 November 1977 in Lanús) is a retired Argentine football left midfielder who last played for APOP Kinyras Peyias in the Cypriot First Division. He is of Ukrainian descent.As a promising young talent Kmet was bought by Sporting Clube de Portugal in 1998-99 at the same time as compatriots Aldo Duscher and Facundo Hernan Quiroga (both from Newell's Old Boys).
 Plato Gus Andrecopoulos (November 28 1921 – September 22 2008) was a former college All-American and professional football player. A 6'0 240 lbs. guard from the University of Oklahoma Andros spent four years in the United States Coast Guard fighting German submarines before coming back to earn All-American honors as a Sooner in 1946.
 Mikhail Vladimirovich Zharanov (Russian: Михаил Владимирович Жаранов; born June 4 1988) is a Russian professional football player. He last played in the Russian Second Division for FC Khimik Dzerzhinsk.
 Mohammad Naeem (date of birth unknown) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played a single List A match for the Lahore Eagles during the 2009–10 season. From Lahore Mohammad played his only match for the team during the 2009–10 edition of the limited-overs Royal Bank of Scotland Cup.
 Héber Arriola (born August 14 1980 in Buenos Aires Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Universidad San Martín de Porres of the Primera Division in Perú.
 Andrea Ferrigato (born September 1 1969 in Schio) is an Italian former road bicycle racer.
 Frankie Edward Peter Merrifield (born 8 January 1994) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Conference South side Hayes & Yeading United.
 Christiane Geerts is a former Belgian racing cyclist. She won the Belgian national road race title in 1967.
 Brad Walker (born June 21 1981 in Aberdeen South Dakota) is an American pole vaulter. He is the American recordholder and was the 2007 World Champion in the event.
 Geoffrey Edward Fulton Barnett (born 3 February 1984) is a Canadian and New Zealand cricket player who plays first-class cricket for the New Zealand Central Districts.Barnett is a left-handed opening batsman who scored his maiden first-class century in his twelfth match making 136 for Canada against Kenya in their Intercontinental Cup game in August which Canada won by 25 runs.
 Carlos González de Candamo y Rivero (February 15 1871 – 16 February 1946) was a Peruvian athlete and diplomat.
 William Charles Bucky Scribner (born July 11 1960 in Lawrence Kansas) is a former professional American football Punter in the National Football League. He played college football for the Kansas Jayhawks. He played five seasons for the Green Bay Packers (1983–1984) and the Minnesota Vikings (1987–1989).
 Patrick Möschl (born 6 March 1993) is an Austrian footballer who plays for SV Ried.
 Charles Henry Gausden (1826 – 5 September 1886) was an English cricketer. Gausden's batting style is unknown. He was born at Brasted Kent.Gausden made his first-class debut for Sussex against the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1847. He made four further first-class appearances for the county the last of which came against the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1851.
 Gerry McEntee was the manager of the 2008 Dublin minor football team and is a retired inter-county Irish Gaelic footballer for County Meath in Ireland. He enjoyed much success playing inter-county football in the Eighties & early Nineties on the Meath teams managed by Sean Boylan for whom he usually played at midfield. He played club football for Nobber GFC.
 Jan Jeřábek (born 1 September 1992) is a Czech football forward currently playing for FC Graffin Vlašim.
 Henry Tebay (5 October 1866 – 4 June 1946) was an English cricketer. Tebay was a right-handed batsman. He was born at East Grinstead Sussex.Tebay made his first-class debut for Sussex against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge in 1886. He made seventeen further first-class appearances for the county the last of which came against Surrey at The Oval in the 1890 County Championship.
 Mitch Clisby (born 5 January 1990) is a professional Australian rules football player at the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was recruited by the club in the 2013 Rookie Draft with pick #19. Clisby made his debut in Round 13 2013 against St Kilda at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
 Dave Wintersgill is a footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League for Chester City.
 Thomas Jones Goodwin (born July 27 1968 in Fresno California) is a former Major League Baseball player. He attended Central High School in Fresno and then went on to play for Fresno State University. He is currently the first base coach with the New York Mets.
 Steve Atkins is a former running back in the National Football League.
 Winona Barkley is a retired professional wrestler better known by the ring names Winona Littleheart (sometimes billed as Winona Little Heart and Wenona Little Heart) and The Lock.
 Ryan Metcalf is a Scottish former footballer who played for Dumbarton as a midfielder.
 Niklas Fogstrom (born March 2 1982) is a Finnish ice hockey player. He is currently playing with Luleå HF of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).Fogstrom made his Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Luleå HF during the 2012–13 season.
 John Taylor (1876–1951) was a rugby union international who represented England from 1897 to 1905. He also captained his country.
 Albert Thorpe was an English professional association football player who played as a wing half. He played three matches in the Football League for Plymouth Argyle in the 1920–21 season. The following season he moved to Burnley but did not play any league games for the club.
 Skip Manning (born April 23 1945) is a former NASCAR driver from Bogalusa Louisiana. He competed in seventy-nine Winston Cup events in his career spanning from 1975 to 1979. Manning won the rookie-of-the-year award in 1976. He had sixteen top-ten finishes during his career with his best finish a 3rd at the Talladega Superspeedway in 1977.[citation needed]Skip retired from NASCAR racing and went back to Bogalusa Louisiana with his wife Gloria Manning.
 Marcos Díaz (born January 12 1975) is a Dominican ultra-distance swimmer of open waters. He is the first swimmer to unite all five continents in the world by swimming.His achievements include crossing the English Channel in 2004. In 2005 he crossed the stretch of Gibraltar twice. In the year 2006 he competed in the turbulent waters of the Bhagirathi River where he won first place. In 2007 he swam around the island of Manhattan twice.
 Asen Dangov Chalakov (Bulgarian: Асен Чалъков; born 17 May 1983) is a Bulgarian football midfielder who currently plays for Botev Vratsa.
 Ahmed Kamil Plummer (born March 26 1976 in Wyoming Ohio) is a former NFL player who played six seasons for the San Francisco 49ers from 2000-2005. A 5'11 191 lb. cornerback from Ohio State University Plummer was selected by the 49ers in the 1st round (24th overall) in the 2000 NFL Draft.
 Brodie Summers (born 18 October 1993) is an Australian freestyle skier. He competed at the FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships 2013 in Myrkdalen-Voss and at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.
 Haris Vrbovac (born 22 February 1985) in Geelong Australia is an Australian football (soccer) player who currently plays as a centre back for Richmond SC in the Victorian Premier League Side.[citation needed]
 Matthew Boris Matt Kvesic (born 14 April 1992) is a rugby union player for Premiership side Gloucester Rugby. Born in Germany to English parents he represents England at international level and played for several of the youth sides before making his debut for the senior team in 2013. Predominantly an openside flanker he has also played on the blindside and at number eight.
 Patrick 'Paddy' Augustus Shea (16 March 1886 – 29 May 1954) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He was from a talented sporting family with his brother Mark also having a career at Essendon and his nephew John played cricket for Western Australia.
 Rubén Navarro (30 March 1933 – 14 July 2003) was an Argentine association football player. He is mainly remembered for winning two consecutive Copa Libertadores titles with Independiente (1964 1965).
 Akalanka Ganegama (born Withanaarchchige Chamara Akalanka Ganegama on March 29 1981 in Colombo) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played in two One Day Internationals for Sri Lanka and has also played Twenty20 and List A cricket. He plays domestic cricket for Nondescripts.
 Pae Gil-Su (Korean: 배길수 also written Pae Kil Su born March 4 1972) is a North Korean gymnast.He won the gold medal for the pommel horse at the 1992 Summer Olympics (tied with Vitaly Scherbo).Pae attended Pyongyang Sinri Primary School and the Korean Physical Education College.
 Kenwyne Joel Jones CM (born 5 October 1984) is a Trinidadian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Cardiff City and the Trinidad and Tobago national team.He began his football career with Joe Public in his native Trinidad and Tobago. He moved to W Connection in 2002 and he was a utility player in the Trinidad and Tobago team in 2003 against Finland. In 2004 he joined Southampton where he was converted to a striker.
 Valentin Konstantinovich Amelin (Russian: Валентин Константинович Амелин; born October 9 1988) is a Russian professional football player. He last played in the Russian Second Division for FC Sportakademklub Moscow.
 Jože Flere (born 27 February 1968) is a Paralympian athlete from Slovenia competing mainly in category F32/51 throwing events.Flere competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in the F32/51 events in the club throw and also in the discus where he won the silver medal.
 Norbert Hosnyánszky (born March 4 1984 in Budapest) is a Hungarian water polo player. He was a member of the Gold medal winning Hungary men's national water polo team at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
 Hubert Leitgeb (31 October 1965 – 4 February 2012) was an Italian biathlete.He won three medals at World Championships including two golds. He competed in Biathlon World Cup where he got 131 starts (17 finishes in the top 10). In 1994 he had a World Cup victory in an individual competition.
 Gaetano Grieco (born 7 November 1982) is an Italian footballer.
 Steven Goertzen (born May 26 1984 in Stony Plain Alberta) is a Canadian-born ice hockey winger for the British Elite Ice Hockeys League's Sheffield Steelers. Goertzen started his junior hockey career with the tier II St. Albert Saints of the Alberta Junior Hockey League but soon caught on with the Western Hockey League's Seattle Thunderbirds.
 Abdulwahab Al Hamwi (born June 15 1990 in Homs) is a Syrian professional basketball player. He plays for Al-Karamah of the Syrian Basketball League. He is also a member of the Syrian national basketball team.
 Geoffrey Alan Greenidge (born 26 May 1948 Fontabelle St Michael Barbados) is a former West Indian cricketer who played in five Tests from 1972 to 1973. His international career ended abruptly when he took part in a tour of Rhodesia which was then under white minority rule.Greenidge was the last white player to play for West Indies. For a time it was believed that Brendan Nash had taken this distinction in 2008 but Nash was later revealed to be of mixed race.
 Rashean Jamil Mathis (/rəˈʃiːn/; born August 27 1980) is an American football cornerback for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL) in the second round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He played college football for Bethune-Cookman.
 Max James Clayton (born 9 August 1994) is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Crewe Alexandra. He has also represented England at under-16 under-17 under-18 and under-19 levels. His father Paul Clayton was also a striker for Crewe Alexandra and his older brother Harry is currently a professional with Nantwich Town.
 Mad Dog O'Malley is a retired American professional wrestler who competed on the East Coast and Mid-Atlantic independent circuit during the 1990s and early 2000s. He was one of the region's most dominant heels for much of the decade billed as a 500 lbs.
 Benoît Trémoulinas (French pronunciation: ​[bənwa tʁemulinas]; born 28 December 1985) is a French international footballer who currently plays for Saint-Étienne on loan from the Ukrainian club Dynamo Kyiv. He plays as an attack-minded left back capable of getting forward in order to provide support for the attackers. He can also play as a midfielder and winger on the same side.
 Robert Kidiaba Muteba (born 1 February 1976) is a Congolese international footballer who plays for TP Mazembe as a goalkeeper.
 Zouheir Dhaouadi (born January 1 1988 in Kairouan) is a Tunisian footballer who currently plays for Club Africain. He transferred in July 2006 from Jeunesse Sportive Kairouanaise to Club Africain where he played until 2012. On 10 July 2012 Dhaouadi signed a three-year deal with Ligue 1 outfit Évian.Dhaouadi has played for the Tunisia national football team on thirty-one occasions including four games in the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations.
 Michael 'Mick' Nunan (born 12 April 1949) is a former Australian rules football player who played one match in the VFL for the Richmond Football Club in 1971. He was senior coach of the Fitzroy Football Club in 1996 their final year prior to merging with the Brisbane Bears to form the Brisbane Lions.Nunan was best known for his career in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) during which he was directly involved in seven premierships.
 Billy McGinty (born in Glasgow) is a Scottish former rugby league footballer of the 1990s and first decade of the 21st century. He played in the forwards for Wigan during the period in the 1990s when they dominated the sport and later for Workington Town.
 Martin Jensen (born 27 July 1978) is a Danish football defender which is an assistant player coach of Fram Larvik.
 Victor Hansen (29 August 1889 – 6 March 1974) was a Danish tennis player. He competed in two events at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
 Vukašin Vule Trivunović (Serbian Cyrillic: Вукашин Вуле Тривуновић; born March 13 1983 in Glamoč) is a Bosnian international football player who currently plays for FK Sarajevo in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sarah Tueting (born April 26 1976) is an American ice hockey player. She played goalie for the United States women's national ice hockey team. She won a gold medal at the 1998 Winter Olympics and a silver medal at the 2002 Winter Olympics. She grew up in Winnetka Illinois a Northern suburb of Chicago. She attended Greeley elementary school. She graduated from Dartmouth College in 1998 with a degree in Neurobiology and from Stanford Graduate School Of Business in 2005 with a MBA.
 Flavia Rigamonti (born 1 July 1981) is a Swiss swimmer from Sorengo. As of 2010 she holds the Swiss Records in the women's 400 800 and 1500 freestyles. At the 2007 World Championships she set the European Record in the women's 1500 free (15:55.38).She swam collegiate in the USA for Southern Methodist University. She also received the 2005-2006 Scholar Athlete Award in the women's swimming category from Conference USA during her senior year.
 Samuel de Oliveira Pires or simply Samuel (born January 17 1989 in Coaraci Bahia) is a Brazilian goalkeeper. He currently plays for Penapolense.He plays as 3rd choice goalkeeper for Santos behind Fábio Costa & Felipe and has yet to make a professional appearance despite being promoted from the Under-20 squad.
 Not to be confused with his Danish teammate at the 1920 Summer Olympics Niels Erik Nielsen or with another Danish gymnast Niels Turin NielsenNiels Kristian Nielsen (January 10 1897 – April 12 1972) was a Danish gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.He was part of the Danish team which was able to win the silver medal in the gymnastics men's team Swedish system event in 1920.
 Boubacar Diallo (born 25 December 1985) is a Guinean football defender who plays for Al Ahed.He came to Spartak Trnava in summer 2010.
 David Safaryan (Armenian: Դավիթ Սաֆարյան born 1 August 1989 in Cherkessk) is an Armenian world and European champion Freestyle wrestler. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's freestyle 66 kg division. He won the gold medal of 2013 World Wrestling Championship.Safaryan won a gold medal at the 2013 European Wrestling Championships in Tbilisi and became a European Champion. He is the first Armenian to become a European Champion in freestyle wrestling in nine years.
 Monika Zehrt (born 29 September 1952 in Riesa Saxony) is a former sprint athlete who competed for East Germany.She won two gold medals at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich in 400 m and 4x400 m relay.She is a four-time world record-holder in 4x400 m relay and one-time world record-holder in 400 m.
 Magnus Eriksson is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward.
 Jader da Silva Brazeiro (born February 21 1984) is an Brazilian footballer who plays for Naft Tehran F.C. in the Iran Pro League.
 Andrew Martyn Hughes is a Welsh professional football defender who plays for Newport County.
 John Raphael Peacey (16 July 1896 – 31 October 1971) was an English cricketer. Peacey's batting style is unknown. He was born at Hove Sussex and educated at St Edmund's School Kent.Peacey made his first-class debut for Sussex against Cambridge University in 1920. He made two further appearances in 1921 against Warwickshire and Oxford University before making a single appearance in 1922 against Cambridge University.
 Paul Sheehan (born 26 January 1977) is an Australian professional golfer.Sheehan plays mainly on the PGA Tour of Australasia and the Japan Golf Tour. He has three wins in Japan including the 2006 Japan Open and one win in Australia. He has featured in the top 100 of the Official World Golf Ranking. He is currently competing on the PGA Tour. He lives in Melbourne and plays at the Victoria Golf Club as a member.
 László Bödör (born 17 August 1933) is a Hungarian football forward who played for Hungary in the 1962 FIFA World Cup. He also played for MTK Budapest FC.
 Choi Seung-Yong (Hangul: 최승용 born 6 February 1980) is a South Korean female speed skater. She competed at the 1998 2002 and 2006 edition of Winter Olympics. She qualified for the Olympic in 1998 in which she placed both 24th in 500 m and 1000 m. She again qualified for the Olympics in 2002 and placed 18th in the 500 m and 32nd in the 1000 m. Her last Olympic ended up 18th in 500m.
 Rory Underwood MBE (born 19 June 1963 in Middlesbrough England) is a record-breaking former English rugby union footballer who played wing for most notably Leicester Tigers and the Royal Air Force. He represented England and the British and Irish Lions and is a former Royal Air Force pilot.
 Polina Sergeyevna Shelepen (Russian: Полина Серге́евна Шелепень; born 28 July 1995) is a figure skater. She is a two-time (2009 2011) JGP Final silver medalist and a two-time (2011 2012) Russian national junior silver medalist. After competing for Russia through 2012 Shelepen switched to Israel in 2013.
 Mohamad Radwan Kalaji (Arabic: محمد رضوان قلعجي‎) (born 19 January 1992 in Aleppo Syria) is a Syrian footballer. He currently plays for Al-Muharraq which competes in the Manama Club the top division in Bahrain. He plays as a midfielder wearing the number 14 jersey for Al-Ittihad.
 Thomas Arthur Tom Wham (November 22 1924 – December 25 2006) was a professional American football defensive end for the Chicago Cardinals in the National Football League.
 Mitchell Wade Meluskey (September 18 1973) is a retired professional baseball player. He played all or part of five seasons in Major League Baseball between 1998 and 2003 for the Houston Astros and Detroit Tigers primarily as a catcher.
 Orhan Aydın Hacıyeva (born 1 October 1989) is an Azerbaijani professional basketball player who currently plays for Uşak Sportif of the Turkish Basketball League. He plays the power forward position. He is 2.03 m tall. He is member of Azerbaijan national basketball team. He also holds a Turkish citizenship.
 Tea Vikstedt-Nyman (born 1959-07-06 in Hyvinkää) is a retired female racing cyclist from Finland. She represented her native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics starting in 1988.
 Andrei Vîlcea (2 July 1922 – 1998) was a Romanian fencer. He competed in three events at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
 Orville Francis Sam Woodruff (1876–1937) was a professional baseball player. He played all of the 1904 season and part of the 1910 season for the Cincinnati Reds primarily as a third baseman. He also had an extensive minor league baseball career playing from 1898 until 1915.
 Thomas W. Forster (May 1 1859–July 17 1946) was an American professional baseball player who played second base in 1882 for the Detroit Wolverines of the National League and from 1884-1886 for the Pittsburg Alleghenys and New York Metropolitans of the American Association.
 Edwin Eddie Williams (born 1 July 1898 in Cwmllynfell — died 31 January 1983 in Swansea) was a Welsh dual-code international rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1920s playing representative level rugby union (RU) for Wales and at club level for Swansea RFC and Neath RFC as a Fly-half i.e. number 10 and playing representative level rugby league (RL) for Wales and at club level for Huddersfield as a Stand-off/Five-eighth i.e. number 6.
 Néstor Adrián de Vicente (16 June 1964 – 20 March 2011) was an Argentine professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
 Willie Gary born November 1 1978 is an American football defensive back who has played in the National Football League for the St Louis Rams in NFL Europa for the Scottish Claymores and in the Arena Football League for Georgia Force.
 Hamish Gaman (born 20 April 1983) is an English pair skater. Gaman competed with Rebecca Collett at the 2004 World Junior Championships placing 14th. In 2007 Gaman teamed up with Vanessa James but in January 2008 she ended the partnership to skate for France. He then worked as a coach in the U.K. In May 2013 he formed a partnership with American skater Caitlin Yankowskas coached by Johnny Johns and Marina Zueva in Canton Michigan.
 Melinda Czink (born October 22 1982 in Budapest) is a Hungarian professional female tennis player. On September 21 2009 Czink reached her career-high singles ranking of world no. 37.She has reached two WTA Tour singles finals. In 2005 she lost to Ana Ivanovic in Canberra. In 2009 she defeated Lucie Šafářová in Quebec City for her first WTA Tour title. On the ITF Tour she has won 20 singles titles.
 John H. Fitzgerald (May 30 1870 – March 31 1921) was an American Major League Baseball player who pitched one season in the majors with the 1891 Boston Reds. He pitched in a total of six games started three completed two of them. He struck out 16 batters in 32 innings pitched.
 Raymond Everett Shore (June 9 1921 – August 13 1996) nicknamed Snacks was an American pitcher coach and scout in Major League Baseball. A native of Cincinnati Ohio Shore threw and batted right-handed stood 6 ft 3 in (1.91 m) (191 cm) tall and weighed 230 pounds (104 kg).Shore broke into professional baseball as a catcher before World War II but by the time he mustered out of military service (in the United States Army Air Forces) in 1946 he had converted to pitching.
 Jesus Gonzalez (born September 19 1991) is an PuertoRican-American soccer player who currently plays for Atlanta Silverbacks in the North American Soccer League.
 Fabiano Gadelha fully Fabiano Ferreira Gadelha (born January 9 1979) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Juventus.
 Larry Ryan Jensen (born September 17 1975) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for the San Francisco Giants and Kansas City Royals. He won 13 games in 2002 for the Giants.
 Nicolae Marinescu (15 December 1906 – 1977) was a Romanian fencer. He competed at the 1936 and 1952 Summer Olympics.
 Lyudmila Litvinova (born June 8 1985) is a Russian sprint athlete.Litvinova won the silver medal in the 4x400m Women's relay for Russia at the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympics.
 José Irene Junco (born June 3 1890 - death date unknown) was a Cuban baseball pitcher in the Cuban League and the Negro leagues. He played from 1909 to 1922 with several clubs including Club Fé Habana Cuban Stars (West) and the Cuban Stars (East).
 Matthew Connell (born 3 August 1972) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League for the Adelaide Crows and West Coast Eagles. Educated at Newman College he has now returned there as a teacher.Connell did not have a big impact playing for West Coast but when he moved to Adelaide he had a brilliant season winning the Crows Best and Fairest and a position in the Western Australian State of Origin side.
 Luke Joseph Cummo (born April 27 1980) is a former mixed martial artist who appeared in the second season of the reality TV series The Ultimate Fighter on Spike TV. After winning two exhibition fights he made it to the finals where he was defeated by Joe Stevenson by decision in a close bout. Cummo gained recognition on the show due to his personality vegan and unorthodox diet (which according to Joe Rogan includes urine therapy when sick) his striking ability and his love of comic books.
 Nijel Carlos Amilfitano Amos (born 15 March 1994) is a Botswanan middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 metres discipline. He represented Botswana at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
 Rob Vickerman (born 25 September 1985) is a rugby union player who currently plays for the England Sevens team. He plays at centre.
 Daniel Noriega Acosta (born 30 March 1977 in Puerto Ordaz) is a Venezuelan football striker who made a total number of 38 appearances (five goals) for the Venezuela national team between 1996 and 2005. He started his professional career at Minervén in 1995. Noriega also played in Peru Argentina Colombia and Spain.
 Emeka Onyenekwu (born March 10 1990) is an American football defensive end who is currently a free agent. He most recently played for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League. He played college football at Louisiana Lafayette.
 Thammanoon Srirot (born 24 June 1969) is a Thai professional golfer who plays on the Asian Tour. He has five Asian Tour wins and was one of the first ten men to reach one million dollars in Asian Tour career earnings. He has five brothers who are professional golfers and is a cousin of Asian Tour golfer Chawalit Plaphol with whom he represented Thailand in the 2000 WGC-World Cup.
 William Norman McCourt Uprichard (20 April 1928 – 31 January 2011) was a football player for Arsenal Portsmouth Swindon Town and Northern Ireland.
 Bernd Drogan (born 26 October 1955) is a retired German cyclist who was active between 1971 and 1987. In 1979 he won a gold and a bronze medal in the road race at the World Cycling Championships with the German team and individually. Next year he won a silver medal in the 100 km team time trial at the 1980 Summer Olympics.He won a gold medal in the 100 km team time trial at the 1981 UCI Road World Championships and next year finished first in the individual road race.
 Kalim Ullah (born 20 September 1992) is a Pakistani footballer who plays for Dordoi Bishkek.Kalim Ullah plays as a Forward and played his first international game for Pakistan in 2011 during the 2012 AFC Challenge Cup qualifiers in a match against Turkmenistan. After scoring consistently for KRL FC in the AFC Presidents Cup Ullah signed for FC Dordoi Bishkek in 2014 wearing the Number 9 shirt.
 Guillermo Ignacio Cañas (born November 25 1977) often referred to as Willy Cañas is a retired Argentine professional tennis player. He was born in Argentina's capital Buenos Aires and named after Argentine tennis star Guillermo Vilas. His career-high singles ranking was World No. 8 achieved in June 2005. Cañas was the coach of Ernests Gulbis from July 2011 until May 2012.He now runs his own tennis academy along with former tour pros Martín García and Gustavo Oribe.
 Hocine Soltani (Arabic: حسين سلطاني‎; December 27 1972 in Thenia – March 1 2002 in Marseille France) was a boxer from Algeria who won two Olympic medals. In 1992 the southpaw placed third in the featherweight division (54–57 kg) and at the 1996 Summer Olympics he won a gold medal in lightweight.Hocine turned pro in 1998 and only fought four times winning each bout and retiring in 2000. Soltani disappeared in March 2002.
 Marina Koshevaya (born April 1 1960 in Moscow) is a former Soviet swimmer and olympic champion. She competed at the 1976 Olympic Games in Montreal where she received a gold medal in 200 m breaststroke and a bronze medal in 100 m breaststroke.
 William Leopold Hoffer (November 8 1870 – July 21 1959) was a professional baseball player. He was a right-handed pitcher over parts of six seasons (1895–1899 1901) with the Baltimore Orioles Pittsburgh Pirates and Cleveland Blues. For his career he compiled a 92–46 record in 161 appearances with a 3.75 earned run average and 314 strikeouts.
 Michael Mike Spence (30 December 1936 Croydon Surrey – 7 May 1968 Indianapolis Indiana USA) was a British racing driver from England. He participated in 37 Formula One World Championship Grands Prix debuting on September 8 1963. He achieved 1 podium and scored a total of 27 championship points. He also participated in numerous non-Championship Formula One races as well as sports car racing.
 Egor Yakovlev (born September 17 1991) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the rebuilt Lokomotiv Yaroslavl team in the Russian Major League.On October 20 2011 Yakovlev signed a three-year deal with Lokomotiv Yaroslavl. He was the first player signed by the club after the plane crash that killed the majority of its roster six weeks earlier. He had previously been a member of the Ak Bars Kazan development system.
 Earl Thompson Ingarfield Sr. (born October 25 1934) is a retired professional ice hockey centre who played in the National Hockey League for thirteen seasons from 1958–59 until 1970–71.Ingarfield played 746 career NHL games scoring 179 goals and 226 assists for 405 points. His best offensive season was the 1961–62 season when he set career highs with 26 goals 31 assists and 57 points while a member of the New York Rangers.
 Evangelia Xinou (Greek: Ευαγγελία Ξυνού; born November 22 1981 in Athens) is a female Greek race walker. She is a four-time national champion (2005–2008) for the 20 km race walk.Xinou represented Greece at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing where she competed for the women's 20 km race walk along with her compatriots Despina Zapounidou and Athanasia Tsoumeleka who later disqualified from the event because of doping charges.
 Aleksei Vasilyevich Nekrasov (Russian: Алексей Васильевич Некрасов; born December 10 1979) is a Russian professional football player. Currently he plays in the Russian Second Division for FC Baikal Irkutsk.
 Archie Archer (7 March 1899–1982) was a football (soccer) Left Half Back.Born in Swindon Archer became the first schoolboy of the town to be awarded an England cap when he played for the team against Wales at Watford in 1913.He lied about his age in 1916 to be admitted into the Army for World War I and was later invalided back into civilian life after being gassed.His professional football career began at Bristol Rovers before he transferred to his home club of Swindon Town in 1920.
 Luis Pasamontes Rodriguez (born 2 October 1979 in Cangas del Narcea) is a Spanish racing cyclist who rides for the Movistar Continental Team.
 Frederick Wells (1 July 1796 – 27 January 1849) was an English cricketer. Wells was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm underarm medium. He was born at Dorking Surrey.Wells made his first-class debut for Surrey against Kent at Sevenoaks Vine in 1828.
 James Timothy Tim McCarver (born October 16 1941) is an American former professional baseball catcher and sportscaster. McCarver played for the St. Louis Cardinals Philadelphia Phillies Montreal Expos and Boston Red Sox between 1959 and 1980. He appeared in the MLB All-Star Game in 1966 and 1967 and was a member of the World Series champions in 1964 and 1967.McCarver was the recipient of the 2012 Ford C. Frick Award for broadcasting.
 Wilfredo Willy Daniel Caballero Lazcano (born 28 September 1981) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Málaga CF in Spain as a goalkeeper.He spent most of his career in Spain representing Elche and Málaga and competing in La Liga with the latter club.
 Ali Karimi (Persian: علی کریمی‎) (born 11 February 1994) is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Sepahan in the Iran Pro League as a midfielder.
 Ronny Marcos (born October 1 1993) is a German/Mozambican footballer who plays for Hansa Rostock.
 Joris Daudet is a French racing cyclist who represents France in BMX. He has been selected to represent France at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.
 Bronko Nagurski Jr. (December 25 1937 – March 7 2011) was an American offensive tackle in the Canadian Football League. He was son of the famed National Football League player Bronko Nagurski.
 Herbert Amos (9 February 1893 - 9 March 1964) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Brentford and Millwall Athletic.Alf started his career as an amateur with Kingstonian and then played for Brentford when they joined the Third Division in 1920. He appeared in 74 Football League matches for the Bees scoring four goals. Amos played in nine of the 11 matches in 1926 when Millwall created a Football league record for the most consecutive matches without conceding a goal.
 Predrag Savović (born May 21 1976) is a retired Serbian professional basketball player. He played for the NBA's Denver Nuggets and Iurbentia Bilbao of the Spanish ACB among other teams.
 Anđelko Savić (Serbian: Анђелко Савић; born 11 March 1993) is a Swiss forward of Serbian descent currently on loan at Sheffield Wednesday from Sampdoria.
 Jack Payne (born 25 October 1994) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Southend United.
 Wang Xuanxuan (b. January 26 1990 ) is a Chinese heavyweight amateur boxer who won Bronze at the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships (results).At the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships he beat four Asians before losing to Teymur Mammadov his result meant he qualified for the Olympics 2012. At the Chinese Championships he defeated Wang Jianzheng.At the 2012 Olympics he lost his first bout to Bulgarian Tervel Pulev 7:10.
 Rasoul Khrovash (Persian: رسول خوروش‎; born 30 January 1953 in Isfahan) is a retired Irannian football midfielder. He is currently the team manager at Sepahan. He is graduated from Texas University in sports and before this he was graduated from Isfahan University in geographical. He is the brother of Mostafa Khorvash and cousin of Shokrallah Khorvash the founder of Sepahan.
 John Jay Humphries (born October 17 1962) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the NBA. He later served as the first head coach of the NBA D-League's Reno Bighorns.A 6'3 (1.90 m) guard from the University of Colorado Humphries was selected 13th overall by the Phoenix Suns in the 1984 NBA Draft. He was traded to the Milwaukee Bucks in 1987.
 Anzor Sharaniyevich Tembulatov (Russian: Анзор Шараниевич Тембулатов; born June 8 1989) is a Russian footballer. In 2011 he last played for FC Terek Grozny. He made his Russian Premier League debut on November 21 2009 in a game against FC Kuban Krasnodar.
 William McMillan (1876 – February 1958) was a Scottish professional footballer who made 178 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City between 1898 and 1906. He played as a right back or centre half. He also played non-league football for clubs including Newark Town Castleford Town and Boston Town.
 Daniel R. Ross (February 9 1957 – May 16 2006) was a professional American football tight end who played for the Cincinnati Bengals (1979-1985) the Seattle Seahawks (1985) and the Green Bay Packers (1986). He also played for the New Orleans/Portland Breakers of the USFL in 1984-1985.
 Francisco Adriano da Silva Rodrigues commonly known as Adriano (born October 14 1985) is a Brazilian football forward who currently plays for União Recreativa dos Trabalhadores.
 Tao Jin (Chinese: 陶金; pinyin: Táo Jīn) (born 2 June 1985) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Shanghai Shenhua as a defender in the Chinese Super League.
 Norman MacLeod Nim Hall (1925–1972) was a rugby union international who represented England from 1947 to 1955. He also captained his country.
 Juan Luis González Calderón (born 16 Jun 1974 in Limache Chile) is a Chilean football defender. He is currently playing for Deportes Antofagasta.
 Alicia Blagg (born 21 October 1996 in Wakefield) is a British diver.In 2010 Blagg became the England's youngest ever double national champion when she won both the 1 metre springboard and 3 metre synchronised titles in the British championships.In 2012 she was selected to represent Great Britain in the 2012 London Olympics in the Women's synchronised 3 metre springboard event.
 Vahid Sheikhveisi (born January 10 1987) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Naft Tehran in the IPL.
 Raleigh Charles Joseph Chichester-Constable (21 December 1890 – 26 May 1963) was an English first-class cricketer who played for Yorkshire MCC and the Minor Counties in an intermittent career which spanned sixteen years from 1919 to 1935.
 Chris Rodgers (born 5 March 1976) is an English professional golfer.Rodgers turned professional in 2000. He currently plays mainly on the Asian Tour and in 2005 he moved to Bangkok. His first Asian Tour win came at the 2006 Pakistan Open. In 2003 he won twice on the Elite Tour a developmental tour based in the United Kingdom.
 Takahito Kudo (工藤 隆人 Kudo Takahito born March 30 1981 in Kuroishi Aomori) is a Nippon Professional Baseball player for the Chunichi Dragons in Japan's Central League.
 Svend Wad (February 3 1928 – December 4 2004) was a boxer from Denmark who competed in the Lightweight division during his career.
 Robbie Rochow (born 22 August 1990) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Newcastle Knights of the National Rugby League. He played previously for the Melbourne Storm. He primarily plays lock prop and second-row.
 Louis Unser (1896-1979) won the Pikes Peak Hillclimb 9 times between 1934 and 1953. He is buried at the Crystal Valley Cemetery in Manitou Springs Colorado.
 Eric McGill (born 16 October 1987 in Dublin) is an Irish professional footballer currently playing for Bray Wanderers. He made his professional debut for Shamrock Rovers as a late substitute in the FAI cup game against Castlebar Celtic. Eric signed for Drogheda United on 31 July 2009 [1].
 Sir Rajinder Singh Jr.(Punjabi: ਰਾਜਿੰਦਰ ਸਿੰਘUrdu: راجندر سنگہ‎) Best Known as Rajinder Sir by field hockey players is field hockey Coach and player of Indian field hockey.
 Jim Vandiver (born December 13 1939 in Huntersville North Carolina USA) is a retired NASCAR Winston Cup driver that raced from 1968 to 1983. As an independent driver he had limited financial resources but enjoyed a level of success that relatively few independent drivers had during the formative years of NASCAR.
 ′Matej Šebenik (born 1983) is a Slovene chess player. Šebenik is an Grandmaster (GM) with a peak Elo rating of 2573. He was a member of Slovenia team on 39th Chess Olympiad
 Pär Djoos (born May 11 1968) is a former ice hockey defenceman who played for the Detroit Red Wings and the New York Rangers of the NHL. He most recently played in the Elitserien for Brynäs IF. He is currently coaching IF Sundsvall in the Swedish Allsvenskan.Djoos was drafted 7th (127th overall) by Detroit in the 1986 NHL Entry Draft.
 Mikołaj Burda (born 8 July 1982) is a Polish rower. He competed at the 2004 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.
 Angelo Antonazzo (born 2 October 1981) is an Italian footballer who plays for Casertana in the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.Antonazzo previously played 5 Serie D seasons one Serie C2 one Serie C1 three Serie B before signed by A.C. ChievoVerona on 25 June 2008 along with Nicholas Frey. He deal was part of the deal that Salvatore Bruno and Michele Troiano went to Modena outright. He then farmed to Frosinone in join-ownership.
 Hüseyin Alkan (born April 1 1988 in Küçükçekmece Istanbul Province Turkey) is a Turkish national goalball player of class B1 and Paralympian.He lost his eyesight at the age of 19 as a result of workplace accident.
 António Augusto Carvalho Castela (born 26 October 1928) is a former Portuguese footballer who played as midfielder.
 Michael Wade Cole (born 3 September 1966) is an English former footballer who played for Ipswich Town Port Vale Fulham and Chelmsford City in the 1980s and 1990s. A forward he scored eight goals in 90 league games in a seven year career in the Football League.
 George Harrison (18 July 1892 – 12 March 1939) was an English international footballer who played as an outside left.
 Charles George Hutter Jr. (June 21 1916 – September 24 1989) was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States in the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin Germany. He competed for the second-place U.S. team in the first round of the men's 4x100-meter freestyle relay. Hutter was not eligible to receive a medal however because only swimmers who competed in the relay event received medals under the swimming rules in effect for the 1936 Olympics.
 Mickaël Piétrus (French pronunciation: ​[mike'l piɛː'tʁus]; born February 7 1982) is a French professional basketball player who last played for the Toronto Raptors. of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is listed at 6'6 215 pounds and plays both the small forward and shooting guard positions. Piétrus was drafted by the Golden State Warriors with the 11th pick of the 2003 NBA Draft and is originally from Guadeloupe a Caribbean island that is a part of France.
 Joseph Burnett Holland Sr. (September 26 1925 – September 18 2010) was an American basketball player. He won an NCAA championship at the University of Kentucky and played three years in the National Basketball Association from 1949 to 1952.Holland a 6'4 forward from Benton Kentucky played for Kentucky from 1945 to 1948.
 James Bissue (born 16 June 1991 in Sekondi-Takoradi) is a Ghanaian footballer currently playing for Hapoel Be'er Sheva of the Israeli Premier League.
 Eric Peterman (born November 18 1986) is an American football wide receiver. He was signed by the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He attended Sacred Heart-Griffin High school in Springfield Illinois and excelled at the quarterback position. He played college football at Northwestern as a wide receiver.
 Motiullah Khan is a former field hockey player from Pakistan. He won gold medal in 1960 Summer Olympics and silver medals in 1956 and 1964 Summer Olympics. He also received Tamgha-i-Imtiaz award from Government of Pakistan in 1963. The International Hockey Stadium in Bahawalpur (Motiullah Hockey Stadium) is named after him.
 Nobuaki Kakuda (角田信朗 Kakuda Nobuaki born April 11 1961 in Sakai Osaka Prefecture) is a Japanese Seidokaikan Karateka.
 John George Lewis (born 9 May 1954 in London Borough of Hackney) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a midfielder.
 Eric Wade Heitmann (born February 24 1980) is a center who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the 49ers in the 7th round (239th overall) of the 2002 NFL Draft.
 Anthony Michael Tony Teresa (December 8 1933 – October 16 1984) was a professional American football halfback in the National Football League (NFL) and the American Football League (AFL). He played 1 game for the NFL's San Francisco 49ers in 1958 and one season for the AFL's Oakland Raiders.
 Detlef Bothe (born 9 December 1957) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1970s. At the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal he finished fifth in the C-2 1000 m event while being eliminated in the semifinals of the C-2 500 m event.
 Rodrigo Ignacio Valenzuela Avilés (born on 27th November 1975) is a Retired Chilean football player.He is a midfielder who played for Universidad Católica. He has spent his entire career in club teams in either Chile or Mexico. He has played for Atlas Club América and CD Veracruz in the Primera División de Mexico.He has been playing for the international team since his debut against England on February 11 1998. He was part of the Chilean squad which participated in the 2004 Copa América.
 Ruben Enrique Douglas (born October 30 1979) is a Panamanian-American professional basketball player. He is a 1.96 m (6 ft 5 in) 210 lb (95 kg) point guard-shooting guard.
 Anton Blackwood is a footballer who plays for Thurrock. He is an Antigua and Barbuda international.
 Alessandro Cortinovis (born October 11 1977 in Seriate) is a former Italian road racing cyclist who rode for Team Milram.Cortinovis became professional in 1999 when he signed for Team Polti. A year later he would make a switch to Team Colpack. For this team he made his Giro d'Italia debut in 2001 finishing in a 90th position overall. For the 2002 season he was signed by Lampre-Daikin and he made his Tour de France debut that year with a 140th place in Paris.
 Valentyna Chepiha (Ukrainian: Валентина Чепіга; born April 27 1962) is a professional female bodybuilder.
 Kevin Larsen (born 10 May 1986) is a Norwegian footballer who plays left back for Sandefjord. He also has matches for the Norway national under-21 football team.He previously played for Store Bergan and Runar in his home town Sandefjord before making his Tippeligaen debut for Lyn in 2005.
 Luke Rounds (born 10 February 1991) is an Australian Rules Footballer in the Australian Football League for Collingwood Football Club.Originally from Mortlake Victoria where he attended Mortlake College Rounds was drafted to Collingwood with the 46th selection (3rd round) in the 2008 AFL Draft. In 2008 he played for Terang-Mortlake in the Hampden Football League Geelong Falcons in the TAC Cup and Victoria Country in the 2008 AFL National Under 18 Championships.
 Charlie Chooka Farrell (28 June 1898 – 14 March 1972) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).Farrell was a half back flanker recruited from Williamstown Juniors. He represented the VFL interstate team in both 1921 and 1922. Farrell missed out on a spot in the 1923 VFL Grand Final despite participating in the finals series but was an Essendon premiership player in 1924.
 Gert Charly Dörfel (born 18 September 1939 in Hamburg) is a retired German football player. He spent nine seasons in the Bundesliga with Hamburger SV. He represented Germany 11 times including 1962 FIFA World Cup qualifiers against Northern Ireland (scoring two goals) and Greece (scoring one goal) 1966 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Sweden and eight friendlies.His brother Bernd Dörfel also played for Germany.After retiring as a footballer he worked for many years as a clown.
 Rony Ahonen (born January 17 1987) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for HIFK of the SM-liiga. He has played with HIFK since the 2006-07 season.
 Martín Ezequiel Andrizzi (born 5 June 1976 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football winger who plays for Sarmiento de Junín.
 Marino Santana Castro (born May 10 1972 in Los Llanos Macoris Dominican Republic) was a professional pitcher for two years in Major League Baseball. Santana was 26 years old when he made his major league debut on September 4 1998 with the Detroit Tigers.
 Ayako Okamoto (岡本 綾子 Okamoto Ayako born 2 April 1951) is a Japanese professional golfer. She won 62 tournaments internationally including 17 on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour. She is a member of the World Golf Hall of Fame.
 Patrick Larkin (1866–1917) was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Galway senior team.Born in Killimor County Galway Larkin first excelled at hurling as a teenager. He made his first impression on the hurling field at the age of seventeen when he organised various hurling games drawn up under his own rules in south-east Galway.
 Ben Tomlinson (born 31 October 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Lincoln City in the Conference Premier.
 Rene Ranger (born 30 September 1986 in Northland New Zealand) is a rugby union player who has played for Montpellier in the Top 14 in France since 2013. Ranger plays the positions of wing and centre.Ranger made his debut for New Zealand on 26 June 2010 after a superb season with the Blues.Ranger used to play for Blues in Super Rugby and Northland in the ITM Cup.Ranger is of English and Cook Island descent.[citation needed]
 Kiril Nikolovski (Macedonian: Кирил Николовски; born 9 June 1988) is a Macedonian professional basketball player born in Skopje. He currently plays for Macedonian club KK MZT Skopje.He is a member of the Macedonian national basketball team.
 Bernardo José Espinosa Zúñiga (born 11 July 1989) simply known as Bernardo is a Colombian professional footballer who plays for Sporting de Gijón in Spain as a central defender.
 Robin Szolkowy (born 14 July 1979) is a German pair skater. With partner Aliona Savchenko he is the 2010 and 2014 Olympic bronze medalist a five-time (2008 2009 2011 2012 2014) World Champion a four-time (2007–2009 2011) European Champion a four-time (2007 2010 2011 2013) Grand Prix Final Champion and a seven-time (2004–2009 2011) German National Champion.Savchenko and Szolkowy scored the first 10.0 ever given by a judge under the ISU Judging System.
 Keivi Mayerlin Pinto (born December 26 1979) is a female judoka from Venezuela who won the bronze medal in the women's half heavyweight division (– 78 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo Dominican Republic.
 Maksim Olegovich Chevelev (Russian: Максим Олегович Чевелев; born March 26 1990) is a Russian football defender who currently playing for FC Irtysh Omsk.He made his debut in the Russian National Football League for FC Metallurg-Kuzbass Novokuznetsk on November 19 2012 in a game against FC SKA-Energiya Khabarovsk.
 Joseph Abraham Smith (born 23 March 1946) is a Jamaican-born former English cricketer. Smith was a left-handed batsman who bowled left-arm fast-medium. He was born in Kingston Jamaica.Smith made his debut for Shropshire in the 1968 Minor Counties Championship against Cambridgeshire. Smith played Minor counties cricket for Shropshire from 1968 to 1988 which included 113 Minor Counties Championship appearances and eight MCCA Knockout Trophy appearances.
 JW Bell is a South African rugby union player who currently plays for the Pumas in the Vodacom Cup and Currie Cup competitions.Bell is a utility back who can play as a full-back wing or fly-half and has previously represented the Falcons.
 Alen Stevanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ален Стевановић; born 7 January 1991) is a Swiss-born Serbian footballer who plays for Palermo on loan from Torino. In international competition he represents Serbia.
 Richard Rick Fraser (born July 11 1954) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played in the World Hockey Association (WHA). Drafted in the tenth round of the 1974 NHL Amateur Draft by the Chicago Black Hawks Fraser opted to play in the WHA after being selected by the Indianapolis Racers in the seventeenth round of the 1974 WHA Amateur Draft. He played four games for the Racers during the 1974–75 WHA season.
 Tom Casson (born 6 April 1990 in Manchester England) is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Aviva Premiership. He is a Centre usually playing at 12.Casson started out in the Sale Sharks junior Academy making age-group representation for England at under-16s and 18s in 2008 he moved to Saracens. Tom had limited opportunities at Saracens and was dual registered to Bedford and then Nottingham but consistently featured in Mark Mapletoft’s England under-20 team.
 Charles Horvath was a Hungarian-American soccer player who spent one season in the National Professional Soccer League one in the International Soccer League and at least two in the German American Soccer League. He also earned one cap with the U.S. national team.
 Jim Buchanan (born 10 October 1898 date of death unknown) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as an inside forward or occasionally as an outside forward.
 Robert Lowe Bob McPhail (25 October 1905 – 24 August 2000) was a Scottish professional footballer who played for Airdrieonians Rangers and represented Scotland.
 William Warwick Johnson (born 18 March 1974 in Solihull) is a rugby union footballer who plays at Number 8 for RC Nice in France.He is perhaps best known for being Martin Johnson's younger brother but yet played over 200 times for Leicester and gained a number of caps for England 'A'. A good club man known for technique and work rate Johnson started the epic 2001 Heineken Cup final against Stade Francais breaking his arm and being replaced by Paul Gustard.
 Omar Al Hamwi (Arabic: عمر الحموي‎ born in 7 April 1993 Homs) is a Syrian footballer who currently plays for Al-Sheikh Hussein FC in Jordan.
 Alan Robert Garofall (born 1 June 1946) is a former English cricketer. Garofall was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born in Kingston-upon-Thames Surrey.Garofall made his first-class debut for Oxford University against Middlesex in 1966. He made 26 further first-class appearances for the university the last of which came against Cambridge University in 1968. In his 27 first-class appearances he scored 843 runs at an average of 18.73 with a high score of 99.
 Bobby Collins (born Bobby Eugene Collins) is a former tight end in the National Football League. Collins was drafted in the fourth round of the 1999 NFL Draft by the Buffalo Bills and played two seasons with the team. He would play the 2001 NFL season with the Green Bay Packers.
 Jarrad McVeigh (born 7 April 1985) is a New South Wales-born Australian rules football player with the Sydney Swans. He is the younger brother of former Essendon midfielder Mark McVeigh. Since 2011 he has been a co-captain of the Sydney Swans alongside Kieren Jack.
 Pablo Popovitch born September 9 1979 is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner mixed martial artist and a 4th degree black belt under Jorge Popovitch. Pablo Popovitch is the founder and head instructor at Team Popovitch Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Center located in Fort Lauderdale Florida.
 Harry Lovegrove Wright (4 April 1870 – 19 March 1950) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon during the years following the formation of the Victorian Football League (VFL). Wright made his debut in Essendon's inaugural VFL game in the 1897 season and also played in the first ever Grand Final the following year.
 Joe Burke (born 18 May 1990) is a Welsh rugby league footballer who plays for Barrow Raiders in the Kingstone Press Championship competition. His position is at Prop.He previously played for South Wales Scorpions and played one game for Crusaders RL in the Super League while on loan at the club in 2011. He has also played for Wales at representative level.
 Alain Michel Ekwe (born 20 March 1982 in Douala) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a forward. He also has Portuguese nationality due to the many years spent in the country.Ekwe played professional football in Portugal Malta Greece Vietnam and Costa Rica his biggest achievement being appearing in the second division for both Leça FC Asteras Tripolis F.C. and Kastoria FC (one season apiece).
 Russ Dugger (born January 12 1975 in Mountain Grove Missouri) is an American professional racing driver competing in the ARCA Racing Series presented by Menards and the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series.
 Rebecca Roche was born in New Zealand on 26 April 1965 and has represented New Zealand as a goalkeeper in association football at international level making just two appearances for the national side both against Western Samoa in December 1987.
 Bernd Nehrig (born 28 September 1986 in Heidenheim an der Brenz) is a German footballer playing for FC St. Pauli.
 John Wilks Hoffman (December 8 1925 – April 15 1987) was an American football running back in the National Football League for the Chicago Bears.He made the NFL Pro Bowl in 1954 and 1956. Hoffman was a Little Rock High School all-state football player in 1943–44 and All-State in basketball in 1944–45. He won four track events in the state meet in 1945. He joined the Bears in 1949 rushing for 1366 yards and catching 135 passes in eight years.
 Ben Amadou Sangaré (born 12 November 1990) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Ligue 2 side Arles-Avignon.
 Yutaka Demachi (出町 豊 Demachi Yutaka born February 17 1935) is a retired Japanese volleyball player. He was a member of the Japanese Men's National Volleyball Team that claimed the bronze medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo Japan.
 Johan Martial (born 30 May 1991 in Massy) is a French football player who currently plays for Stade Brest. He is a France youth international having earned caps with both the under-18 and under-19 teams.
 Darren Crompton (born 12 September 1972) is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby. He has played for Richmond Bath the Cardiff Blues and has also represented England at many levels. He also has a judo black belt winning a national gold medal at 13 years of age. His opponent was Gasha Abramovich an 8 year old girl from soviet Russia. Darren has also come back from a lengthy jail sentence where he allegedly killed a man with peanut butter and jam sandwich.
 Christopher Paul Edgar Rice (22 February 1948 – 16 February 2013) was an English cricketer. Rice was a left-handed batsman. He was born at Exeter Devon.Rice made his debut for Suffolk in the 1979 Minor Counties Championship against Buckinghamshire. Rice played Minor counties cricket for Suffolk from 1979 to 1982 which included 23 Minor Counties Championship appearances. He made his List A debut against Buckinghamshire in the 1979 Gillette Cup.
 Andrey Makarov (born April 20 1993) is a Russian professional ice hockey goaltender. He is currently playing with the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League (NHL). Makarov played major junior hockey with both the Lewiston Maineiacs of the QMJHL and the Saskatoon Blades of the WHL. He also played with the Russia men's national junior ice hockey team at both the 2012 and 2013 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships winning silver and bronze respectively.
 Cédric Si Mohamed (born January 9 1985) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing for CS Constantine in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
 Yassine Fahas (born April 19 1987 in France) is a professional ice hockey player.
 Willard McKee Hershberger (May 28 1910 – August 3 1940) was an American baseball catcher for the Cincinnati Reds of Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1938 to 1940. In 160 career games Hershberger recorded a batting average of .316 and accumulated 5 triples and 41 runs. He has the distinction of being the only major league player to date to commit suicide during the season.Born and raised in California Hershburger attended Fullerton Union High School where he was a baseball standout.
 Madeleine Garrick (born 1 April 1992) is an Australian basketball player who has competed for Australian Institute of Sport in the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL).
 Mattia Maggio (born 22 February 1994) is a German-Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Hamburger SV in the Bundesliga.
 Alisi Tupuailei (born 1 February 1982) is a Samoa-born Japanese professional rugby union player who currently plays for Honda Heat and the Japan national rugby union team.
 Trent Carroll (born 28 April 1978) is an Australian rules footballer. He played as a full back and began his senior football career at Claremont in the WAFL. He is the older brother of former Melbourne defender Nathan Carroll.
 Kim Dae-Ho (Hangul: 김대호; born 15 May 1988) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a full back for Pohang Steelers in the K-League.
 Mario Erb (born 16 June 1990) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for SpVgg Unterhaching.
 Peter Burns (5 January 1866 – 11 October 1952) was an Australian rules footballer in the (then) Victorian Football Association (VFA) and Victorian Football League (VFL).Burns was a tall ruckman and full-back. Playing originally with Ballarat Football Club in the VFA he later played with the VFA's South Melbourne and joined the Geelong Football Club in 1892 at which time it was also a VFA club.
 Evandro Teixeira Magalhães or simply Evandro (born December 1 1986 in Juiz de Fora) is a Brazilian defensive midfielder.
 Vlantimir Vlanto Giankovits (alternate spelling: Vlantimiros) (Greek: Βλαδίμηρος Βλαδο Γιάνκοβιτς Vladimiros Vlado Giankovits Serbian: Владимир Владо Јанковић Vladimir Vlado Janković; born March 3 1990) is a Serbian-born Greek professional basketball player for Panathinaikos of the Greek Basket League. He is 2.02 m (6 ft 7 ½ in) tall and weighs 99.6 kg (220 lbs). He plays at the small forward position.
 John Sivebæk (born 25 October 1961 in Vejle) is a Danish former football defender. He won the 1984 Danish championship with Vejle Boldklub and played for English club Manchester United. He scored one goal in 87 appearances for the Danish national team and represented his country at the 1986 World Cup as well as three European Championships including the triumphant 1992 European Championship tournament.His son Christian Sivebæk is also a professional football player.
 Edward Michael Easley (born December 21 1985) is an American professional baseball player. A catcher Easley plays in minor league baseball for the Memphis Redbirds the Class AAA affiliate of the St. Louis Cardinals.Easley won the Mississippi Gatorade Player of the Year Award in high school before enrolling at Mississippi State University. Playing college baseball for the Mississippi State Bulldogs Easley won the Johnny Bench Award as the best catcher in college baseball in his junior year.
 Marian Zieliński (December 24 1929 - October 13 2005) was a Polish weightlifter. He took part in four Olympic Games (1956–68).He was born in Chełm and died in Warsaw.Zieliński was the first Polish sportsman to win an olympic medal in weightlifting. He won three bronze olympic medals: in Melbourne 1956 in featherweight and in Tokyo 1964 and Mexico City 1968 in lightweight.
 David Michael Green (born 28 February 1960 in Brisbane Queensland) is an Australian equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a team gold medal in eventing at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
 Csaba Köves (born 27 October 1966 Budapest) is a Hungarian fencer who has won two Olympic silver medals in the team sabre competition.
 Jonathan Gagnoud (born 24 March 1988 in Lyon) is a French-Swiss footballer. He currently plays at the club level for Stade Brest 29.
 Marco Esposito (born 8 February 1980) is an Italian footballer.
 Jason Anderson (born 17 February 1979) is a Bermudian cricketer. Anderson is a right-handed batsman who fields as a wicket-keeper. He was born in Bermuda.Anderson made his debut for Bermuda in a List A match in the 2011 World Cricket League Division Two against Papua New Guinea. He made four further List A matches in the competition the last of which came against Uganda.
 Yuji Nashiro (born September 13 1983) is a Japanese kickboxer who competes in the welterweight division.
 Mohammed Omar Hashim Ali Said (born 27 January 1983 in Doha) is Qatari footballer who is currently playing for Qatar SC.His brother Fadhl Omar is also a footballer for Qatar SC. He is of Yemeni origin.
 Christoph Werner (born June 26 1986) is a German football player with TSV Grebenhain.
 Joe Haines (born 4 September 1991 in Bolton England) is a speedway rider riding with the Sheffield Tigers in the Premier League.
 Tony Lagerström (born July 19 1988 in Stockholm) is a Swedish ice hockey player. He is currently playing with the Södertälje SK in the Elitserien.He was drafted by the Chicago Black Hawks in the third round of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft 76th overall.
 Juan Manuel Muñoz (born 11 January 1985) is a Spanish football player. He currently plays for Chiasso.He played six games in Swiss Super League before followed Neuchâtel Xamax relegated in summer 2006.While Neuchâtel Xamax came back to top division in summer 2007 he was stayed in Swiss Challenge League with his new club Chiasso.
 Sašo Taljat (born September 22 1989 in Šempeter pri Gorici) is a Slovenian slalom canoer who has competed since the mid-2000s. He won a bronze medal in the C-2 event at the 2009 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in La Seu d'Urgell.At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London he competed in the C-2 event where he finished in 8th place after being eliminated in the semifinal.His partner in the boat is Luka Božič.
 Kyle Ehren Snyder (born September 9 1977) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher. Snyder played with the Kansas City Royals (2003 2005-2006) and the Boston Red Sox (2006-2008). He is listed at 6-7 and 225 pounds is a switch hitter and throws right-handed. Snyder is currently the pitching coach of the Bowling Green Hot Rods in the Rays organization.
 Reginald Bertrand Jack Powell (August 17 1891 – March 12 1930) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the St. Louis Browns in 1913.
 Jason Michael Johnson (born October 27 1973 in Santa Barbara California) is a starting pitcher for the Amarillo Sox in the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball. He throws and bats right-handed.
 Alessandro Crescenzi (born 25 September 1991 in Rome) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Serie B club Novara on loan from Roma.
 Regan West (born 27 April 1979) is a former New Zealander-born Irish cricketer. He played for the Central Districts and the Wellington in the State Championship in New Zealand. He bowled left-arm either fast-medium or slow left arm orthodox batted left-handed. Despite being born in New Zealand West qualified to play for Ireland in late 2008 and made his first appearance for the team the same year.
 Pascal Cerrone (born 12 June 1981) is a Swiss football defender who currently plays for FC Wil 1900.
 Michael David Mick Jones (born 24 April 1945 in Worksop (Shireoaks) England) is a former footballer who played as centre forward with Leeds United during the 1960s and 1970s. He was also capped for England.
 Olivier Guégan (born 20 August 1972 in Longjumeau) is a French midfielder who currently plays for Stade Reims.
 Robert Meiklejohn MacDougal (born March 5 1977) is a relief pitcher in professional baseball who is currently plays for the Camden Riversharks. He bats and throws right-handed.His pitch selection include a fastball in the 95-98 mph range a slider curve and a changeup used only occasionally.
 Daniela Merighetti (born 5 July 1981) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from northern Italy. Born in Brescia Lombardy she has competed in the World Cup the Winter Olympics in 2006 and 2010 and the World Championships in 2007 2009 and 2011.In the 2010 Winter Olympics Merighetti competed in the women's downhill combined and super-G but failed to finish. In the 2014 Winter Olympics she competed in the women's downhill where she came 4th and super-G where she failed to finish.
 Ilio DiPaolo (November 8 1926–May 10 1995) was an Italian professional wrestler and restaurateur who lived in the Buffalo New York area.
 Daniel Cifuentes Alfaro sometimes Cifu (born 13 July 1980 in Madrid) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Recreativo de Huelva as a right defender.
 Errol Christie (born 29 June 1963) is a former professional British boxer and currently a boxing trainer. He was the captain of the English boxing team from 1980 to 1983 and European champion in 1983.Christie born in Leicester and raised in Radford Coventry was a regular fixture on ITV Fight Night in the 1980s. He earned the right to wear the Kronk Gym golden shorts after impressing its promoter Emanuel Steward.
 August Yost (years of birth and death unknown) was a professional baseball pitcher. He appeared in one game in Major League Baseball the Chicago Colts on June 12 1893. He pitched 2.2 innings facing 17 batters and taking the loss.
 Andreas Wolf (Russian: Андрей Андреевич Вольф; born 12 June 1982 in Leninabad Soviet Union) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for AS Monaco. He had previously played at 1. FC Nürnberg since 2002 and was the team captain before leaving in the summer of 2011.
 William Cordes Rudy Schlesinger (born November 5 1941 at Cincinnati Ohio) is a retired American professional baseball player. He had one at bat in Major League Baseball as a pinch hitter for the 1965 Boston Red Sox. Listed at 6 feet 2 inches (1.88 m) 175 pounds (79 kg) Schlesinger batted and threw right-handed.
 Jakub Władysław Jarosz (born February 10 1987 in Nysa) is a Polish men's volleyball player member of the national Polish team that won gold medal on the European Championship 2009 and World League 2012. Currently he plays in Polish club Lotos Trefl Gdańsk.
 Frankie Mariano is an English rugby league player who currently plays for Wakefield Trinity and previously Hull Kingston Rovers in the Super League competition. His position is centre. Frankie made his first team debut in the Challenge Cup round 5 victory over Sheffield Eagles in 2009 Hull Kingston Rovers won the match 34-24/. He is of Cape Verdean descent.
 Stefano Fortunato (born 15 January 1990) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for F.B.C. Unione Venezia.
 Steve Maughan (born 1954) was an American college and professional football player who was a linebacker. He was drafted in the 3rd round (91 pick overall) of the 1976 NFL Draft by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He never played a season in the National Football League (NFL).
 Jamie Charles Stuart Paterson (born 20 December 1991 in Coventry) is an English footballer playing as a winger for Nottingham Forest.
 Gabriel O'Kara Northern (born June 8 1974 in Baton Rouge Louisiana is a former American football linebacker and defensive end for five seasons with the Buffalo Bills and Minnesota Vikings. Gabe currently serves as Defensive Line coach at Prairie View A&M.
 Mirko Raičević (Cyrillic: Mиpкo Paичeвић born 22 March 1982 in Titograd) is a Montenegrin footballer. He plays for FC Zakarpattia Uzhhorod.He played in Montenegro’s first ever international a 2–1 victory over Hungary on 24 March 2007. He also played in the Kirin Cup.
 Robiul Islam (Bengali: রবিউল ইসলাম; born: 20 October 1986) is an international cricketer from Bangladesh. A right-handed batsman and bowler he is sometimes referred to on scoresheets by his nickname Shiplu. He appeared for Khulna Division in 2005/06 and 2006/07 and took a fine 5 for 69 against Dhaka Division. He made his first Test appearance in May 2010 during Bangladesh's tour of England.
 Arthur Stoner (11 May 1871 – unknown) was an English cricketer and umpire. Stoner's batting and bowling styles are unknown. He was born in Streatham London.Stoner made his first-class debut for Surrey against Cambridge University in 1899. He made five further first-class appearances for Surrey the last of which came against Leicestershire in the 1900 County Championship. In his six first-class matches he scored a total of 98 runs at an average of 10.88 with a high score of 61.
 Aleksandar Selkić (Serbian Cyrillic: Aлeкcaндap Ceлкић ;born May 24 1983) is a Serbian footballer currently playing for SC Düdingen in Switzerland.After leaving FC Spartak Moscow he has signed with Serbian top league club FK Železnik where he spent two seasons and played in the 2004–05 UEFA Cup. It was a series of injuries that made him abandon top level football ever since. Afterwords he has been mostly playing for lower-level Swiss clubs.
 James McKay Mair (born May 15 1946 in Schumacher Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey player. He played in the NHL with the Philadelphia Flyers New York Islanders and Vancouver Canucks.
 William Frederick Lowndes Frith (8 July 1871 – 6 October 1956) is a former English cricketer. Frith's batting and bowling styles are unknown. He was born at Wandsworth London. He changed to William Frederick Lowndes Frith Lowndes in July 1906.Frith made his first-class debut for London County against Cambridge University in 1901. He played a further first-class matches for the London County in 1902 against Leicestershire. He scored 4 runs and took a single wicket for the cost of 23 runs.
 Kade Murray Harvey (born 7 October 1975) in Perth Western Australia was an Australian cricketer who played first class cricket for the Western Warriors. He was an all-rounder who bowled right-arm medium and batted in the lower order. Outside of cricket he is a qualified pharmacist. Having represented Western Australia at under-17 level and under-19 Harvey was invited to join the Australian Cricket Academy.
 Yves Zahnd (born 4 October 1985) is a Swiss former professional footballer who played as a defender. He played 77 games with FC Thun.
 Wade Patrick Elliott (born 14 December 1978) is an English professional footballer who plays for Bristol City on loan from Birmingham City. He plays mainly as a right midfielder but can play as a central midfielder.Elliott began playing football as a youth player for Southampton before joining non-league Bashley. He began his professional career at A.F.C. Bournemouth after joining from Bashley for £5000.
 Shugo Fujii (藤井 秀悟 Fujii Shugo born May 12 1977 in Iyo Ehime Japan) is a professional Japanese baseball player. He plays pitcher for the Yokohama DeNA BayStars.
 Jeff Farmer (born August 14 1962) is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) as Sting (later The nWo Sting) an impostor version of the original Sting aligned to the New World Order stable.
 Ercan Muslu (born 1988 in Sungurbeyli Gümüşhane) is a long-distance runner from Turkey competing in marathon and mountain running. He is coached by Gazi Aşıkoğlu.He was born 1988 in Sungurbeyli village (formerly Kuşyuva) of Gümüşhane.
 Kalle Multanen is a Finnish professional footballer who currently plays for the Ykkönen side FC Ilves in Finland.
 Constant Bens (born 26 November 1941) is a Belgian former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
 Valērijs Ivanovs (born 23 February 1970 in Riga) is a former football midfielder from Latvia. He played 69 international matches and scored 1 goal for the Latvia national team between 1992 and 2001. His clubs include FC Skonto (1995-1997) Helsingborgs IF Uralan Elista Shinnik Yaroslavl and Volgar GazProm Astrakhan.
 Jay Richardson (born January 27 1984) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent. He played college football for the Ohio State Buckeyes where he majored in African Studies. He was drafted by the Oakland Raiders in the fifth round of the 2007 NFL Draft and played for the team for three seasons. He has also played for the Seattle Seahawks New York Jets and New Orleans Saints.
 Marco Zanotti (born January 21 1974 in Rovato) is a road bicycle racer from Italy who was a professional rider from 1997 to 2008 with the exception of the year 1999. Zanotti most recently rodes for the UCI Professional Continental team Preti Mangimi. Nowadays he rides as amateur and participates in Vuelta a Colombia 2013.
 Raúl Nicolas Quiroga (born January 26 1962 in San Juan Province Argentina) is a retired volleyball player from Argentina who represented his native country in two Summer Olympics. After having finished in sixth place at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles California he was a member of the men's national team that claimed the bronze medal four years later in Seoul South Korea.His nephew Rodrigo Quiroga is current national volleyball team captain.
 Maroua Ibrahmi (Arabic: مروى براهمي‎) is a Paralympic athlete from Tunisia competing mainly in category F32 throwing events. She is the actual world champion in Club throw category F31/32/51.
 William Bill Morgan (born 2 March 1975) is a Canadian judoka who represented Canada in Judo at the 2000 2004 and 2008 Paralympics. He placed seventh in the -81 kg category fifth in the -81 kg category and seventh in the -100 kg category respectively and in 2004 and 2008 was Canada's only competitor in Judo. Morgan won bronze at the International Blind Sports World Championships in 2006.
 Ian Robert Beven (born 27 November 1958 in Hobart) is a former first class cricketer. He was brought up in Tasmania whom he represented in the Sheffield Shield between 1980/81 and 1983/84.In 1983 he moved to Scotland and played club cricket. He became a permanent citizen and took a wicket with his first ball for Scotland trapping Test player Roland Butcher LBW.
 Bradley Robinson (born January 24 1985 in Duncan South Carolina) is a professional Canadian football defensive back for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League. He was signed as a street free agent by the Eskimos in 2008. He played college football for the Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders.
 George Edward Butch Byrd (born September 20 1941 in Watervliet New York) was a professional American football defensive back. He started his career playing college football at Boston University. He joined the Buffalo Bills in 1964 and immediately made an impact in the defensive backfield with seven interceptions. Byrd was also a solid punt returner for his entire career.
 Edward Eddie Coady (born 1978) is an Irish hurler who plays as a left corner-forward for the Carlow senior team.Coady made his first appearance for the team during the 1999 National League and has become a regular member of the starting fifteen since then. During that time he has won two Christy Ring Cup medals one National League (Division 2A) medal and three Kehoe Cup medals.At club level Coady is an All-Ireland and Leinster medalist at intermediate level with Mount Leinster Rangers.
 Jose “Poli” Garcia (born in San Diego California) is a retired American soccer player. He spent at least four seasons in the American Soccer League three in the North American Soccer League and four in the Major Indoor Soccer League. He was the 1979 American Soccer League MVP and earned two caps with the United States in 1975.
 Robert Joseph Gracie (November 8 1910 in North Bay Ontario – August 3 1963) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centreman who played ten seasons in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs Boston Bruins New York Americans Montreal Maroons Montreal Canadiens and Chicago Blackhawks.
 Penny Vilagos (born April 17 1963) is a Canadian competitor in synchronized swimming and Olympic medalist.She received a silver medal in Duet with her twin sister Vicky Vilagos at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.She received a silver medal in duet (with her sister) at the 1983 Pan American Games in Caracas.
 Brandon Stones (born 7 February 1993 in Nottingham England) is a British ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Coventry Blaze of the British Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL).
 Yoshie Takeshita (竹下 佳江 Takeshita Yoshie born March 18 1978) is a Japanese volleyball player who played for JT Marvelous.She plays for the All-Japan women's volleyball team and was a participant at the 2004 Summer Olympics. Her nickname is World's smallest and strongest setter (世界 最小 最強 セッター Sekai saisho saikyo setter).
 Dong Cheng (Chinese: 董程; pinyin: Dǒng Chéng; born August 14 1986) is a Chinese female boxer.
 Marcus Alexander Bagwell (born January 10 1970) is an American professional wrestler male escort and actor. He is best known under the ring name Buff Bagwell and for his tenure in World Championship Wrestling between 1991 and 2001 where he was a six-time World Tag Team Champion.
 Henry James Melton (born October 11 1986) is an American football defensive tackle for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Texas where he was a running back for the 2005 National Championship team and also played on special teams. He was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the fourth round of the 2009 NFL Draft.
 Cliff Parsley (born December 26 1954 in Kansas City Missouri) is a former punter in the National Football League. He was with the Houston Oilers from 1977-1982. He played college football at Oklahoma State and was selected to the Big 8 All-decade team for the 1970s.
 James Douglas (Doug) Peden (April 18 1916 – April 11 2005) was a Canadian basketball player who competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.Doug was inducted into the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame in 1979 and is considered to have placed second to Lionel Conacher being named Canada’s athlete-of-the-half century in 1950.Born in Victoria he was part of the Canadian basketball team which won the silver medal.
 Luis Diego Cordero Jiménez (born May 21 1988) is a Costa Rican football midfielder currently playing for Primera División club C.S. Herediano.
 Dmytro Yusov (Ukrainian: Дмитро Олександрович Юсов; born 11 May 1993 in Zaporizhya Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder. He is currently playing for Ukrainian side FC Metalurh Zaporizhya. Yusov is product of youth team system FC Metalurh Zaporizhya. Made his debut for FC Metalurh entering as a second time playing against FC Vorskla Poltava on 4 May 2013 in Ukrainian Premier League.
 Óscar López Martínez (born 2 May 1984) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Alcoyano as a central defender.
 Elizabeth Liz Ellis AM (born 17 January 1973) is a retired Australian netball player a member of the national team from 1992 until 2007 and captain for the last four of those years. She is the most capped international player for Australian netball.
 Barry Paul (born 10 May 1948) is a British fencer. He competed in the individual and team foil events at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.
 Jose Rojas (born April 27 1990) is a professional racquetball player. Rojas's highest ranking is #3 on the International Racquetball Tour (IRT) which he was at the end of the 2011-12 season. At the end of 2012-13 Rojas was #4 and his fourth time in the IRT top 10 at season's end.
 David Johnny Oduya (born October 1 1981) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman of partial Kenyan Luo descent who currently plays for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League.
 Rajeshwari Dholakia (Hindi: राजेश्वरी ढोलकिया; born 26 December 1959) is a former Test and One Day International cricketer who represented India. She played four Test matches and 13 One Day Internationals for India.
 Christian Ayew Egba (born 27 May 1986 in Kumasi) or commonly known as Christian Egba is a Ghana footballer. He plays for United Football League (Philippines) clubside Kaya F.C..
 Dávid Kolozár (born August 3 1981 in Budapest) is a retired Hungarian swimmer who specialized in butterfly events. He is a former varsity swimmer for the Arizona State Sun Devils and a graduate of tourism and business at the Arizona State University in Tempe Arizona.Kolozar qualified for the men's 200 m butterfly at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens by clearing a FINA B-standard entry time of 1:58.99 from the national championships in Székesfehérvár.
 Andrew Russell Clarke (born 23 December 1961) is a former English cricketer. Clarke was a right-handed batsman who bowled leg break. He was born in Patcham Sussex. A late starter to county cricket not making his debut for Sussex until he was 26 Clarke played for Sussex for 3 seasons. He later played Minor counties cricket for Buckinghamshire and Norfolk before retiring in 2003.
 Luis Anguilla The Eel Bustamante (born 1880 - death date unknown) was a Cuban baseball shortstop in the Cuban League. He played from 1902 to 1911 with several Cuban ballclubs. He was elected to the Cuban Baseball Hall of Fame in 1939.
 Håkan Ericsson is a Swedish paralympian and wheelchair racer. At the age of 21 Ericsson won the 1990 London Marathon barely edging out German athlete Wolfgang Peterson to set a new course record. Ericsson competed in the 1988 1992 and 2000 Summer Paralympics winning a total of one gold four silver and four bronze medals. He was coached by Peter Eriksson from 1983 to the end of his career.
 Stephen Tyrer is a rugby league footballer who plays for Halifax in the Championship (rugby league) he previously played for St Helens where he began his career Salford and Widnes in the Super League. Tyrer is a goal kicking centre or winger.In November 2006 Steve Tyrer was promoted to train with the St.
 Isaiah Ramon Stanback (born August 16 1984) is an American football tight end who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the fourth round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at The University of Washington.Stanback has also been a member of the New England Patriots Seattle Seahawks New York Giants and Jacksonville Jaguars.
 Amra Sadiković (born 6 May 1989 in Prilep) is a Swiss tennis player.Sadiković has won eight singles and 11 doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career. On 14 May 2012 she reached her best singles ranking of world number 179. On 6 May 2013 she peaked at world number 148 in the doubles rankings.Sadiković has a win–loss record of 7–6 for Switzerland in Fed Cup competition.
 Aljaž Bedene (born 18 July 1989 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian tennis player.He won five Futures and five Challenger singles titles. In doubles he won one Challenger title and two Futures titles. Aljaž is right handed and has a two-handed backhand. He is a member of the Slovenia Davis Cup team. His highest ranking is No. 71 in singles and No. 127 in doubles.
 George Ballantyne ( (1952-05-27) 27 May 1952) born in Leeds is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s '70s and '80s playing at representative level for Yorkshire and at club level for Wakefield Trinity and Castleford as a Prop i.e. number 8 or 10 in the era of contested scrums.
 Dave Alan Capuano (born July 27 1968) is a retired American professional ice hockey left winger.
 Panagiotis Lagos (Greek: Παναγιώτης Λαγός; born 18 July 1985 in Thessaloniki) is a Greek professional footballer who last time played as a central midfielder for FC Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League.Lagos has the ability to play in various positions as much as on the wings as on the centerdue to the combination of the speed and technique of his play.
 Magomed Arsenovich Kurbanov (Russian: Магомед Арсенович Курбанов; born April 11 1992) is a Russian professional football player. Currently he plays for Sumgayit FK.He made his debut in the Russian Premier League on December 7 2012 for FC Rostov in a game against FC Krasnodar.On 31 January 2014 Kurbanov signed a two-year contract with Sumgayit FK in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
 Stephen Adams (born 7 September 1959 in Sheffield) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a forward.
 Elena Urkizu Sáez (born January 29 1975 in Guipúzcoa) is a former field hockey defender from Spain. She represented her native country at two consecutive Olympic Games: in 1996 and 2000. At her last try she finished fourth with the Spanish national team after a 2-0 loss in the bronze medal game against the Netherlands. Urkizu played club hockey for Real Sociedad.
 Zoran Dragić (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Драгић) (born June 22 1989) is a Slovenian professional basketball player for Unicaja Málaga of the Spanish League. He is 6 ft 5 in (1.96 m) in height.
 Joshua Josh Murphy (born 24 February 1995) is an English professional footballer who currently plays for Norwich City. He scored on his professional debut in a Football League Cup match against Watford. He is the twin brother of professional footballer Jacob Murphy.
 Hugh Robert Anderson MBE (born 18 January 1936 in New Zealand) is a four-time Grand Prix motorcycle road racing World Champion and a 19-time New Zealand national champion. He is also a two-time Isle of Man TT winner.Growing up in Huntly Anderson played rugby league for Huntly United alongside fellow future motorcycle champion Ginger Molloy.He joined the Suzuki factory racing team in 1961 racing the factory's 50cc 125cc and occasionally 250cc racers.
 Thomas Charles Tom Walters (15 June 1909 – 27 January 1968) was a Welsh professional footballer. He played as a centre forward in the Football League for Merthyr Town Bolton Wanderers Crystal Palace Exeter City Torquay United Watford and Clapton Orient as well as in the Southern League for Dartford.
 Saeed Ghadami (born April 3 1992) is an Iranian Footballer Midfielder who currently plays for Damash and is member of Iran national under-23 football team.
 Jan Kromkamp (born 17 August 1980) is a former Dutch professional footballer who ended his career at Go Ahead Eagles on 23 June 2013.
 Hjalmar Dahlberg (4 November 1886 – 5 March 1962) was a Swedish long-distance runner. He competed in the marathon at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
 Ivailo Dimitrov (born 8 January 1989) is an Bulgarian football midfielder and striker who is currently unattached. He began his career in England in the youth systems at Hendon and Brentford returning to Bulgaria to sign for A Group side Vihren Sandanski in 2008. Dimitrov made his professional debut with the club and returned to England in 2010 to rebuild his career in non-league football.
 Abdoulaye Keita (born 16 August 1990 in Clichy-la-Garenne) is a French footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Bordeaux.
 Robert Rob McCall CM (September 14 1958 – November 15 1991) was a Canadian ice dancer. With partner Tracy Wilson he was the 1988 Olympic bronze medalist.
 Artyom Arsentyevich Orsayev (Russian: Артем Арсентьевич Орсаев; born September 20 1993) is a Russian professional football player currently playing for FC Rostov.
 Henry Peter Red Bittman (July 22 1862 – November 8 1929) was a Major League Baseball second baseman in the 19th century. In 1889 he played in the last four games for the Kansas City Cowboys of the American Association from October 10 to October 14. He was the seventh second baseman the team used during that season.Bittman was an excellent fielder handling 21 chances without an error.
 Dean Gary Parrett (born 16 November 1991) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Stevenage. He has played in the Football League for several clubs and represented England from under-16 to under-20 level.
 Anaïs Caradeux is a French freestyle skier. She won a silver medal at the 2013 FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships.
 Stephen Alexander Steve Mardenborough (born 11 September 1964) is an English former professional footballer.
 Basem Fathi (born 1 August 1982) is a Jordanian footballer of Palestinian origin. He plays as a defender for Al-Wehdat and is a member of the Jordan national football team.
 Michael Sgarbossa (born July 25 1992) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward. He is currently playing for the Lake Erie Monsters of the American Hockey League as a prospect for the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League.
 Boban Bajković (Serbian Cyrillic: Бобан Бајковић; born 15 March 1985) is a Serbian football goalkeeper playing for Red Star Belgrade in the Serbian SuperLiga.
 Wirfin Y. Obispo (born September 26 1984) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher with the Atlanta Braves of the Major League Baseball. Previously he pitched in Nippon Professional Baseball for the Yomiuri Giants of the Central League (2007–2010) and Hokkaido Nippon Ham Fighters of the Pacific League (2011).
 Georges Schiltz (born 3 February 1901 date of death unknown) was a Luxembourgian cyclist. He competed in two events at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
 Dmitri Aleksandrovich Ryzhov (Russian: Дмитрий Александрович Рыжов born August 26 1989 in Togliatti USSR) is a Russian football player who plays for FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk.
 James William Holt (May 27 1944 in Graham North Carolina) is a retired professional baseball player. Holt was an outfielder and first baseman who played over parts of 9 seasons (1968–1976) with the Minnesota Twins and Oakland Athletics. Holt was a member of the 1974 World Series champion Athletics. He had a career batting average of .265 with 19 home runs and 177 runs batted in in 707 games. He was particularly successful as a pinch hitter.
 Eva Sládeková (born December 17 1981 in Trenčín) is a Slovak badminton player. She is a two-time national badminton champion in the women's singles (2005 and 2007) and also a member of the badminton team for M-Šport Trenčín Club under her personal coach and former partner Michal Matejka.Sladekova held her distinction of being the first Slovak badminton player to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
 Minoru Tanaka (田中稔 Tanaka Minoru born November 29 1972 in Komaki Aichi) is a Japanese professional wrestler and shootboxer.
 Vincenzo Bernardo (born May 22 1990) is an American soccer player.
 Bobby Satria (born 20 August 1986 in Padang) is an Indonesian footballer of Chinese Indonesians descent who currently plays for PSPS Pekanbaru.
 Taha Mosa (Arabic: طه موسى‎) (born 24 May 1987 in Syria) is an Syrian football player who plays for Al-Jaish.
 Nicola Piras (born 8 January 1991) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian Serie D club Sambonifacese.
 Vítor Manuel de Almeida Gonçalves (born 25 February 1944) is a former Portuguese footballer who played as a midfielder.
 Héctor Luis Freschi (born May 22 1911 date of death unknown) was an Argentinian football goalkeeper who played for Argentina in the 1934 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Sarmiento de Resistencia.
 Lyndon Ferns (born 24 September 1983 in Pietersburg South Africa) is a retired Olympic gold-medalist and former world record swimmer from South Africa. He swam for South Africa at the 2004 and 2008 Olympics.At the 2004 Olympics he was a member of the South Africa's Men's 4×100 m freestyle relay that won the event in a world record.
 Jean-Patrick Nazon (born 18 January 1977 in Épinal) is a French professional road bicycle racer who turned professional in 1997.
 Tamarine Tanasugarn (Thai: แทมมารีน ธนสุกาญจน์ [tʰɛːmmāːrīːn tʰánásùkāːn]; born 24 May 1977) is a professional Thai tennis player. She was born in Los Angeles United States and turned professional in 1994. She has been in the top 20 in both singles and doubles.Tanasugarn's highest Women's Tennis Association (WTA) world ranking was no. 19 achieved on 13 May 2002 which is the highest ranking ever achieved for a Thai female player. She has won four singles titles and five doubles titles.
 Cliffton Gonsalves (born 15 February 1987 in Agaçaim Goa) is an Goan footballer who plays as a striker for Dempo S.C. in the I-League.
 Oliver James Fisher (born 13 September 1988) is an English professional golfer who plays on the European Tour.Fisher was born in Chingford London. He was a winner of the Faldo Series Nick Faldo's development programme for young golfers in 2003 2004 and 2005 and as such was regarded as one of the best prospects of his generation. In 2005 he became the youngest player to take part in the Walker Cup.In late 2006 while still an amateur Fisher entered the European Tour's qualifying school.
 Justin Christopher John Stephens (born 12 August 1979) is an English cricketer. Stephens is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium pace. He was born at Penzance Cornwall.Stephens made his Minor Counties Championship debut for Cornwall in 1998 against Dorset. From 1998 to 2007 he represented the county in 36 Minor Counties Championship matches the last of which came against Berkshire. Stephens has also represented Cornwall in the MCCA Knockout Trophy.
 Efstathios Stathis Aloneftis (Greek: Ευστάθιος Στάθης Αλωνεύτης; born 29 March 1983 in Nicosia Cyprus) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division. He is a winger who tends to play on the left wing highly regarded for his speed and technique.
 Ralph Richard Weigel (October 2 1921 – April 15 1992) nicknamed Wig was an American professional baseball player a catcher who appeared in 106 Major League games over three seasons for the Cleveland Indians (1946) Chicago White Sox (1948) and Washington Senators (1949).A native of Coldwater Ohio Weigel threw and batted right-handed; he stood 6 feet 1 inch (1.85 m) tall and weighed 180 pounds (82 kg).
 Andrzej Kubica (born July 7 1972) is a former Polish football player He played in Poland France Israel and Japan and retired in 2007.
 Poonam Yadav (born 24 August 1991) is an Indian cricketer.
 Carmel Arthur Tim Temerario (February 18 1906 – July 7 2001) was a high school college and professional American football coach and executive. He was an assistant coach for the Detroit Lions Cleveland Browns and Washington Redskins and served as the Redskins' director of player personnel between 1965 and 1978.Temerario grew up in Lorain Ohio but moved to Pennsylvania with his family during high school.
 Harry Glenville Doc Tonkin (August 11 1881 – May 30 1959) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Tonkin played in one game for the Washington Senators in 1907. He pitched in 2.2 innings and gave up six hits and two earned runs.Tonkin was born in Concord New Hampshire and died in Miami Florida.
 Abner Mares Martínez (born November 28 1985 in Guadalajara Jalisco Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer. Mares has won world titles in three weight divisions. Mares has held the IBF Bantamweight WBC Super bantamweight and WBC Featherweight championships. Abner medaled repeatedly in international amateur tournaments for Mexico. Mares grew up in the city of Hawaiian Gardens California.
 František Kříž (18 May 1884 – 30 July 1966) was a fencer who competed for Bohemia in 1912 and Czechoslovakia in 1928.
 Kevin Stuart Murray (born 3 January 1963) is an Australian born former English cricketer. Murray was a left-handed batsman. He was born at Brisbane Queensland.Murray made his Minor Counties Championship debut for Berkshire in 1984 against Cheshire. From 1984 to 1992 he represented the county in 26 Minor Counties Championship matches the last of which came in the 1992 Championship when Berkshire played Cheshire. Murray also played in the MCCA Knockout Trophy for Berkshire.
 Hugh Russell (born 15 December 1959 in Belfast Northern Ireland) is a former Irish boxer. Russell won a Flyweight bronze medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics. Two years earlier Russell also won a bronze medal this time representing Northern Ireland at the 1978 Commonwealth Games in Edmonton.
 Terence Pitt (30 November 1903 – 1957) was an Indian sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres 200 metres and the 400 metres events at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
 Paul Henry Sackey (born 8 November 1979) is an English rugby union footballer who currently plays on the wing for Harlequins in the Aviva Premiership.He is an England international. He has also played for the England Saxons and the England Sevens team.He is of Ghanaian heritage and attended the Roman Catholic John Fisher School in Purley.
 Klaus Mainzer (born 2 February 1979 in Heidelberg Germany) is a German international rugby union player playing for the TV Pforzheim in the Rugby-Bundesliga and the German national rugby union team.
 Franco Riccardi (June 13 1905 – May 24 1968) was an Italian fencer and Olympic champion in épée competition.
 Kerry-Lee Harrington (born March 21 1986 in Durban) is a South African badminton player. She won a bronze medal along with her partner Stacy Doubell in the women's doubles at the 2007 All-Africa Games in Algiers Algeria.Harrington represented South Africa at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing where she competed in the women's singles. She received a bye for the second preliminary round match before losing out to Malaysia's Wong Mew Choo with a score of 4–21 each in two straight periods.
 Samuel Laurence Venuto (born November 2 1927) is a former American football running back in the National Football League. He played professionally for the Washington Redskins.
 Michael Mike Perry is a former Australian rules football player who played in the VFL between 1965 and 1969 for the Richmond Football Club.Educated at Scotch College Mike played two seasons for Old Scotch Collegians in the Victorian Amateur Football Association (1963 and 1964 38 games).
 Douglas Craig Dascenzo (born June 30 1964 in Cleveland Ohio) is an American professional baseball coach. The former Major League Baseball outfielder minor league manager and roving instructor is the 2014 third-base coach of the Atlanta Braves.As an active player Dascenzo was a switch hitter who threw left-handed; he stood 5 feet 7 inches (1.70 m) tall and weighed 150 pounds (68 kg).
 Gerald Michael Ciolek (born 19 September 1986) is a German professional road bicycle racer for UCI Professional Continental team MTN Qhubeka.
 Li Haiqiang (simplified Chinese: 李海强; traditional Chinese: 李海強) is a Hong Kong professional association football player who currently plays for Tuen Mun SA. Li plays the role as a midfielder and is nicknamed The Golden Left Foot because of his brilliant free kick skills.
 Tory Dickson (born 26 September 1987) is an Australian rules footballer who represents the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League (AFL). He plays mainly as a medium-sized forward. Before joining the Bulldogs Dickson had been playing for various football clubs around Victoria. In 2009 he won the best and fairest award at Victorian Football League (VFL) club Frankston.After being overlooked for the AFL Draft Dickson took the following year off to focus on raising his son Riley.
 Mathieu James Matt Smith (born 7 June 1989) is a professional footballer who plays for Leeds United in the Championship as a forward.
 William Farrand Oates (11 June 1929 – 15 May 2001) was an English first-class cricketer who played for Yorkshire in 1956 and for Derbyshire from 1959 to 1965.Oates was born on in Aston Sheffield Yorkshire England. He played his early cricket with Aston Hall where his father was president as well being President of the Sheffield League.
 Jan Weber (born 28 August 1986) is multiple World and European Freestyle footbag champion. He has been playing footbag since 2001 and since 2002 competed at more than 200 professional footbag events and performed at more than 2000 public events. He is currently a student at Czech University of Economics in Prague. The biggest successes Weber achieved are 4 World champion titles in doubles Freestyle footbag and 3 World champion titles in singles discipline in a row in years 2011 2012 and 2013.
 Richard Corbett Corby Davis (December 8 1914 in Lowell Indiana – May 28 1968 in Houlton Maine) was an American football fullback. He was the first overall pick in the 1938 NFL Draft by the Cleveland Rams.He spent four seasons with the Cleveland Rams leaving pro football to enlist in the service in 1942. Corbett served as a rifleman with the Second Infantry Division in France during World War II.
 Clark Clifton Kellogg Jr. (born July 2 1961) is the VP of player relations for the Indiana Pacers as well as the lead college basketball analyst for CBS Sports and former player in the National Basketball Association.
 Thomas Dau (born 9 August 1991) is an Austrian footballer who currently plays for SV Mattersburg.
 Koji Ezumi (江角 浩司 Ezumi Kōji born December 18 1978 in Hikawa Shimane) is a Japanese footballer. He plays for the J. League Division 1 team Omiya Ardija.
 Alva Russell Derry (October 7 1916 – October 26 2004) was an American professional baseball player from Princeton Missouri. He appeared in 187 Major League Baseball games as an outfielder for New York Yankees in 1944 and 1945 the Philadelphia Athletics in 1946 and the St. Louis Cardinals in 1949. He batted left-handed threw right-handed stood 6 feet 1 inch (1.85 m) tall and weighed 180 pounds (82 kg).Derry had 124 career hits in 553 Major League at bats.
 Josh Head (born 7 April 1983) is a former Australian rules footballer for the Fremantle Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was selected with the 6th selection in the 2007 AFL Pre-season Draft from the South Fremantle Football Club in the WAFL.
 Yechiel Hameiri (born 29 August 1949) is an Israeli former international footballer who competed at the 1970 FIFA World Cup.Hameiri played in one official game for the Israeli national side.
 Jimmy McGill is a footballer who played as a defender in the Football League for Oldham Athletic Crewe Alexandra Chester City and Wrexham.
 John Carlton 'Jack' Gardiner (8 May 1881–1967) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He then became a successful coach in the Tasmanian Football League.Gardiner came from a football playing family with his father John a Carlton player during the 1870s.
 Joel Kwiatkowski (born March 22 1977) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player. Kwiatkowski currently plays in Switzerland's National League A for HC Fribourg-Gottéron.
 Curt Trouble Smith (born 1971) is an American former basketball player best known as a streetball legend in the Washington D.C. and Maryland areas. He played college basketball at Compton College and then Drake University.
 Ciaran Patrick O'Brien (born 17 November 1987 in Federal Way Washington) is an American soccer player.
 Marty Montez Booker (born July 31 1976) is a former American football wide receiver who played for eleven seasons in the National Football League (NFL). After playing college football for Louisiana-Monroe he was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the third round of the 1999 NFL Draft. During his first tenure with the Bears he earned a Pro Bowl selection in 2002. He also played for the Miami Dolphins from 2004 to 2007 Bears in 2008 and Atlanta Falcons in 2009.
 Leonard Roy Len White (23 March 1930 – 17 June 1994) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre-forward most noted for playing at Newcastle United.
 George Daniels (19 September 1807 – 2 October 1853) was an English cricketer. Daniels' batting style is unknown. He was born at Midhurst Sussex.Daniels made his first-class debut for pre-county club Sussex against Surrey in 1830. He made three further first-class appearances for the pre-county club team against Surrey in a return match in 1830 and Nottinghamshire and Yorkshire in 1835.
 Chris Cockrum (born December 24 1986 in Conyers Georgia) is an American stock car racing driver. He currently competes in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series on a limited basis driving the No. 07 for SS-Green Light Racing.
 Ernest Herbert Bert Coleman (19 October 1889 – 15 June 1958) was an English footballer notable for making an appearance in 1921 with the English national side despite playing for non-league Dulwich Hamlet.
 John Anderton (born 7 February 1933) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Torquay United in the 1950s.Anderton was born in Skelmersdale. He began his career as a junior with Everton turning professional in March 1951. Over the next three seasonsafter suffering several injurieshe failed to make the first team at Goodison Park and in July 1954 moved to Torquay United.
 Simon Oscar Charlie Fernholm (born March 6 1994) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Frölunda HC in the Elitserien and the J20 SuperElit. He is the younger brother of Daniel Fernholm. He was selected 164th overall by the Nashville Predators in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
 André Coumans (10 April 1893 – 8 March 1958) was a Belgian horse rider who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.In 1920 he and his horse Lisette won the silver medal in the team jumping competition.
 Petrus Ngebo previously known as Petrus Mahlatsi (born April 1 1984 in Koppies Free State) is a South African footballer who plays for Chippa United in the Premier Soccer League.Ngebo is a deadly striker with an eye for goal he is a fan favourite but a series of unfortunate injuries have hindered his progress.
 Joni Nissinen (born 21 April 1991) is a Finnish footballer currently playing for Finnish Veikkausliiga club KuPS.
 Shahriar Alam is a First class cricketer from Bangladesh. Sometimes referred to on scoresheets by his nickname Turja he played 3 matches for Khulna Division in 2003/04 taking his best bowling figures of 2 for 61 against Chittagong Division.
 Michael Earman (born January 7 1987 in Dayton Ohio) is an American soccer player currently playing for Dayton Dutch Lions in the USL Professional Division.
 Sergei Andreyevich Yeremeyev (Russian: Серге́й Андреевич Еремеев; born December 26 1983) is a Russian football defender who currently plays for FC Syzran-2003 Syzran.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Yunit Samara in 2006.
 Martyn J.
 Jamie Turner (born 12 August 1962) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League (AFL).Son of Collingwood premiership player Ken Jamie would also play with the Magpies making his debut in 1984 coming across from Montmorency. Turner established himself as a top wingman but had the versatility to play at either end of the ground. In 1990 Turner would add the family name to the record books being the 21st case of father and sons in premiership teams.
 Ralph Schwartz is a 28 year old money manager on Wall Street. In 2007 he won a World Series of Poker bracelet in the $5000 H.O.R.S.E. Championship. H.O.R.S.E. is a variation of poker where the type of poker rotates between limit hold'em Omaha Razz Stud and Seven card stud Eight or better.Near the end of the first day Schwartz was down to about $2000 in chips and decided that his tournament was over.
 Reg Sprague is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country.
 For the musician see Bob Drake (musician)Bob Drake (born in San Francisco December 14 1919 – died in Woodland Hills California April 18 1990) was a racecar driver from the United States. He participated in one Formula One Grand Prix on November 20 1960. He scored no championship points. Bob Drake was the last driver to race the famous Maserati 250F in a Formula One World Championship Grand Prix.
 James Jim Arthur Bacon (birth registered October–December 1896 in Newport district — death unknown) was a Welsh rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1910s and '20s and coach of the 1920s playing club level rugby union (RU) for Cross Keys RFC and representative level rugby league (RL) for Great Britain and Wales and at club level for Leeds as a Wing or Centre i.e. number 2 or 5 or 3 or 4 and coaching club level rugby league (RL) for Castleford.
 Graham Keith Harbey (born 29 August 1964) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Derby County Ipswich Town Stoke City and West Bromwich Albion.
 Claude Edwin Davenport (May 28 1898 – June 13 1976) nicknamed Big Dave was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played from 1920 with the New York Giants. He batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Runge Texas and died in Corpus Christi Texas.He was the brother of former major leaguer Dave Davenport.
 Faryd Camilo Mondragón Alí (born 21 June 1971) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays for Deportivo Cali in the Colombian First Division. He is also a long-time member of the Colombian national team having played with them since 1993. This makes him one of the last active members of the original 1990s golden generation while playing for the 2010s generation along with Mario Yepes.
 Alex Comas (born 14 November 1971) is a Colombian former professional association football player. Throughout his career he has played in five countries and has even featured for the Colombian national team.
 Tiffany Tshilumba (born 28 October 1996) is a Luxembourgian sprinter. She competed in the 60 metres event at the 2014 IAAF World Indoor Championships.
 Keith Doncon is a former Australian rules footballer who played for East Perth in the WANFL during the 1960s.Doncon first played with East Perth in 1963 but returned to his country home the following season due to homesickness.
 Ivan Dimitrov (born August 5 1986 in Sofia Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian figure skater. He is the 2006 Bulgarian national bronze medalist. He placed 41st at the 2004 World Junior Figure Skating Championships.
 William Joseph Deegan (1874–1957) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He pitched in two games for the 1901 New York Giants.Deegan nicknamed Dummy for being a deaf-mute was one of three pitchers on the Giants staff with that nickname.
 Abel Issa Camará (born 6 January 1990) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for FC Petrolul Ploiești in Liga I on loan from S.C. Beira-Mar as a forward.
 Henry Joseph 'Joe' Simpson (1856 - 22 March 1911) was an English-born international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Cardiff Rugby Football Club and international rugby for Wales. He won only three caps for Wales but captained the squad for one match during the first years of international rugby.
 Michael (Mike) Klukowski (Polish pronunciation: [kluˈkɔfskʲi]; born 27 May 1981 in Amstetten Austria) is a Canadian footballer who last played for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division and the Canadian national team.Klukowski has enjoyed a rapid rise since his move to Belgium in 2002. Born to Polish parents who had stopped in Austria while on their way to Canada he is of Polish descent and holds Polish citizenship.
 John Russell Watson (22 August 1910 – 7 March 1980) played first-class cricket for Somerset between 1933 and 1936. He was born at Caundle Purse Sherborne Dorset and died at Yeovil Somerset.Watson was a right-handed batsman used mainly by Somerset in the lower order.
 Marina Charlotte Kalla (born 22 July 1987) is a Swedish cross-country skier who has been competing since 2004. She won a bronze medal in the 4 x 5 km relay at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec. Her best individual finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was fifth in the 10 km event at Sapporo in 2007.On 6 January 2008 Kalla won the second edition of Tour de Ski in her debut in the event.On 6 May 2012 Kalla signed for Piteå Elit for the season 2012/13.
 Adrián Kocsis (born 25 March 1991 in Körmend) is a Hungarian striker who currently plays for Zalaegerszegi TE.
 Filip Modelski (born September 28 1992 in Gdynia) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Jagiellonia Białystok.
 Shelby Dean Howard IV (born July 25 1985 in Greenwood Indiana) is a NASCAR driver. He is currently a free agent.Howard began racing in 1996 in Junior Sprints. In his first season in the National Series he finished fifth in points. He competed in various racing series. He won the points championship in the Mini Cup Series as well as winning the Mini Cup championship at the Jefferson Speedrome and the 250cc Mini Sprints Rookie of the Year at Miami County Speedway.
 Willis Brennan (born February 12 1893) was an American football player who played eight seasons for the Chicago Cardinals.
 Jeff Wayne Nygaard (born August 3 1972 in Madison Wisconsin) is an American beach volleyball player who participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics with partner Dain Blanton in Athens Greece. In 1996 and 2000 he was a member of the Men's Olympic National Indoor Team.Jeff Nygaard attended Robert M. La Follette High School in Madison Wisconsin where he played volleyball under coach Randy Ramig.
 Martin Frk (born October 5 1993) is a Czech ice hockey player and is currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins in the AHL. Frk was drafted 49th overall by the Detroit Red Wings in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
 Carlos Abraham Cañadas Anaya (born June 7 1980 in San Salvador El Salvador) is a Salvadoran football player who currently plays for Marte Soyapango in the Salvadoran Second division.
 Richard James Charlesworth (born 26 October 1988 in Hemel Hempstead Hertfordshire United Kingdom) is an English freestyle swimmer. He first started swimming with Hemel Hempstead Swimming Club and currently represents Hatfield Swimming ClubCharlesworth represented Great Britain at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 1500 m freestyle swimming event.
 Rubén Ramos Martínez (born 31 January 1989 in Leganés Madrid) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Puerta Bonita as a forward.
 Kevin McCabe (born 1960) is a former Tyrone Gaelic footballer. Nickname [McCabe] He has the distinction of being Tyrone's first ever All Star award winner in 1980. He was also part of the first Tyrone team to make it to the All-Ireland Final in 1986.Between 1986 All-Ireland Final and his second Ulster title he played for a season and a half for the Irish League football team Portadown F.C. being their top scorer in 1983.
 Peter Vanderkaay (born February 12 1984) is a retired American swimmer who competes in middle-distance freestyle events and is a four-time Olympic medalist. He was a member of the 2012 United States Olympic team and won a bronze medal in the 400-meter freestyle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
 Donnie Ray Moore (February 13 1954 – July 18 1989) was an American relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Chicago Cubs (1975 1977–79) St. Louis Cardinals (1980) Milwaukee Brewers (1981) Atlanta Braves (1982–84) and California Angels (1985–88).
 Gaber Yacout El-Soury (date of birth and death unknown) was an Egyptian football defender who played for Egypt in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.
 Franz Kröwerath (June 30 1880 – December 25 1945) was a German rower who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics.He was the coxswain of the German boat Ludwigshafener Ruder Verein which won the bronze medal in the coxed fours final B.
 Jacqueline Hernandez (born December 2 1992) is an American snowboarder. Hernandez was injured at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi Russia.
 Riku Toivo (born July 25 1989) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for Kärpät in the SM-liiga.
 Morlon David Wiley (born September 24 1966) is an American former professional basketball player and current assistant coach for the National Basketball Association's Orlando Magic.
 Odil Makhsatuloyevich Bobonazarov (Russian: Одил Махсатулоевич Бобоназаров; born 14 October 1993) is a Russian football defender who last played for FC Rubin-2 Kazan.He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Rubin-2 Kazan on 25 April 2011 in a game against FC Zenit-Izhevsk Izhevsk.
 Orlando Sain (born February 3 1912 in Pula) was an Italian footballer.
 Mirko Lulić (born 6 January 1962) is a Croatian former football player. He spent his career playing in the top flights of Yugoslavia and later Croatia.
 Dudley Guice Jr. (born May 28 1986 in Fayette Mississippi) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Tennessee Titans as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Northwestern State.Guice has also played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and the Indianapolis Colts.Spokane Shock added Guice to the 2011 roster.
 William Henry Emmerson (born 1801 Cambridge; died 31 July 1868 Cambridge) was an English cricketer who was associated with Cambridge Union Club and made his first-class debut in 1829.
 Mana Nopnech is a professional footballer from Thailand. He currently plays for Chainat F.C. in the Thailand Division 1 League.
 Rudolf Raftl (born 7 February 1911 in Vienna; died 5 September 1994) was an Austrian football goalkeeper.He earned 6 caps for the Austria national football team and participated in the 1934 FIFA World Cup. After the annexation of Austria by Germany he earned 6 caps for the Germany national football team and participated in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.
 Pavel Čmovš (born 29 June 1990) is a Czech professional footballer who plays for Bulgarian club Levski Sofia as a defender.
 Dániel Sváb (born in 2 September 1990 in Salgótarján) is a Hungarian football player. He plays for Energie Cottbus in the 2. Bundesliga.He played his first league match in 2011.On 22 August 2013 it was officially announced that Sváb signed for Energie Cottbus until 2015.
 John Cordts (born 23 July 1935 in Hamburg Germany) is a former racing driver from North Bay Ontario. He emigrated from Germany to Sweden at the age of two with his family and then to Canada when he was in his early twenties.Cordts participated in one Formula One World Championship Grand Prix the 1969 Canadian Grand Prix on 20 September 1969. He qualified 19th but retired his Brabham after 10 laps with an oil leak while lying 16th.
 Fredrik Bergh (born 22 April 1975) is a former professional tennis player from Sweden.Bergh a doubles specialist appeared in five Grand Slam tournaments. He partnered Peter Nyborg in four of them and the pair never failed to make it past the first round. At the 2000 French Open he made the third round of the mixed doubles with Meghann Shaughnessy.He had his best year in 1998 reaching the final of two events on the ATP Tour in Prague and Split.
 Darrell Kenyatta Malone (born November 23 1967) is a former American football cornerback who played in the National Football League. He played college football at Jacksonville State University in Jacksonville Alabama. Malone was drafted by the Kansas City Chiefs in the 6th round (162nd overall) of the 1991 NFL Draft. He played for the Kansas City Chiefs (1992) and the Miami Dolphins (1992–1994).
 Hristodoulos (Hristos) Banikas (born May 20 1978) is a distinguished Greek chess player. He is a resident of Salonica.
 Iain Davidson (born 14 January 1984) is a Scottish professional footballer who currently plays for Scottish Championship club Dundee. Davidson mainly plays as a defensive midfielder but can also be played in the defence. He has previously played for Brechin City Scarborough and Raith Rovers.
 Darko Kralj (born 6 June 1971 in Garešnica) is a Croatian Paralympic athlete competing mainly in shot put events. He lost his left leg in a missile attack in 1991.At the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing he won a gold medal in the men's F42 shot put event improving his world record with 14.43 metres.
 John Carl Maynard (born 18 May 1969 Gingerland Nevis) known as The Dentist is a former West Indian cricketer. In a first-class career of just 13 matches he took 35 wickets.
 Akshar Rajeshbhai Patel (born 20 January 1994 in Anand Gujarat India) is a cricketer who plays as an all-rounder for the Gujarat cricket team. He is a left-hand batsman and slow left-arm orthodox bowler. He was signed up by the IPL franchise Mumbai Indians in 2013 and then by Kings XI Punjab in 2014 IPL Auctions.
 Jonathan Rea (born February 2 1987 in Larne Northern Ireland) is a motorcycle racer currently competing in the Superbike World Championship for Pata Honda. He was runner-up in the Supersport World Championship for the Ten Kate Honda team in 2008 and runner-up in the British Superbike Championship in 2007 for the HM Plant Honda team. He was named Irish Motorcyclist of the Year in 2007 2008 and 2011.
 Alexander Bocharov (Russian: Александр Бочаров; born 26 February 1975 in Irkutsk; name also spelled Alexandre Botcharov) is a Russian professional road bicycle racer most recently riding for UCI ProTeam Team Katusha.
 Marguerite Marie Broquedis (French pronunciation: ​[maʁ.ɡə.ʁit bʁɔkədi]; 17 April 1893 – 23 April 1983; married names Billout Bordes) was a French female tennis player.
 Cho Ji-Hun (Korean: 조지훈; born 29 May 1990) is a South Korean football midfielder who plays for the Suwon Bluewings in the K-League.
 Georgos Theodotou (Greek: Γiώργος Θεοδότου) (born January 1 1974 in Famagusta) is a Cypriot football defender. He last played for Anorthosis of Cyprus. His former teams are AC Omonia AEK Larnaca and EPA Larnaca where he started his career.
 Shikhar Dhawan (born 5 December 1985) is an Indian international cricketer. He is a left-handed opening batsman and occasional right-arm off break bowler. He is the captain of Sunrisers Hyderabad in the Indian Premier League (IPL). He played for the Indian Under-17 and Under-19 teams before making his first-class debut for Delhi in November 2004.Dhawan made his One Day International (ODI) debut against Australia in October 2010 at Visakhapatnam.
 Elbert Dubenion (nicknamed Duby or Golden Wheels) (born February 16 1933 in Griffin Georgia) was an American football wide receiver. He played college football for Bluffton College in northwest Ohio. As a rookie for the American Football League's Buffalo Bills in 1960 DuBenion had seven touchdowns and 752 receiving yards on 42 catches a 17.9 yd/catch average. He ran 16 times for 94 yards and a touchdown a 5.6 yd/carry average.
 Boonsak Ponsana (Thai: บุญศักดิ์ พลสนะ; born 22 February 1982 in Bangkok) is a male badminton player from Thailand.His younger sister Salakjit Ponsana is also part of the Thailand badminton team.
 Bruno Grougi (born April 26 1983 in Caen) is a French professional football player. Currently he plays in the Ligue 2 for Stade Brestois 29.
 Matthew Erickson (born July 30 1975 in Appleton Wisconsin) is a former Major League Baseball infielder who played for the Milwaukee Brewers in 2004. He is now manager of the Wisconsin Timber Rattlers the Class A affiliate of the Brewers.Erickson played collegiate baseball for the University of Arkansas.
 Katsunori Kikuno (born October 30 1981) is a Japanese mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC's Lightweight division. He is the former DEEP Lightweight Champion and the DEEP 2009 Lightweight Tournament Champion.
 J. Bentley (full name and dates of birth and death unknown) was an English cricketer. Bentley's batting style is unknown.Bentley made a single appearance first-class cricket for Sheffield against Manchester in 1846 at Hyde Park Ground Sheffield. In a match which Manchester won by an innings and 37 runs Bentley opened the batting in Sheffield's first-innings and was dismissed for a duck by Tom Hunt. He took two wickets in Manchester's first-innings dismissing Samuel Baldwinson and J.
 Néstor Combin (born December 29 1940 in Las Rosas Argentina) is an Argentine former football player who spent most of his professional career in France. He was striker mainly with Olympique Lyonnais and France national team.In a game between A.C. Milan and Argentine side Estudiantes for the 1969 Intercontinental Cup Combin's nose was broken by a rival elbow. When leaving the stadium he was arrested charged with desertion. With international pressure rising he was released.
 Benjamín Zarandona Esono (born 2 March 1976) simply known as Benjamín is an Equatoguinean retired footballer who played as a midfielder.He spent most of his professional career in Spain notably with Betis where he remained nine years winning one Copa del Rey and appearing in more than 200 official games.Over the course of 12 seasons he amassed La Liga totals of 244 games and 18 goals also representing in the competition Valladolid and Cádiz.
 Naqaash Sarosh Tahir (born 14 November 1983) in Birmingham is an English cricketer. He is a right-arm fast-medium bowler who has played for Lancashire and Warwickshire. He made his first-class debut for Warwickshire in 2004.After a promising start to his career his progress was hindered by injuries over the next few years leaving him out of the first team for extended periods.
 Annia Portuondo Hatch (born June 14 1978 in Guantánamo Cuba) is a Cuban-American gymnast who competed for the United States at the 2004 Olympics. Hatch began gymnastics in her native Cuba at the age of five. She won her first Cuban National Championships at the age of ten; over the course of her career she would win the title a total of seven times. Competing for Cuba Hatch made her debut at the World Gymnastics Championships in 1993. She placed tenth in the all-around.
 Mary Carter Reitano (born 29 November 1934) is a female former tennis player from Australia.Reitano won the singles title at the 1956 and 1959 Australian Championships and failed to reached the semifinals there only once in nine attempts. She teamed with Margaret Court to win the women's doubles title there in 1961. Reitano teamed with three different partners to be the runner-up in women's doubles at the 1956 1959 and 1962 Australian Championships.
 Eric Andrew Wright (born July 24 1985) is an American football cornerback for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the second round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at USC and UNLV.Wright has also been a member of the Detroit Lions.
 Nenad Srećković (Serbian Cyrillic: Ненад Срећковић; born April 11 1988 in Gornji Milanovac) is a Serbian football Midfielder. He plays for Rad in the Jelen SuperLiga. For Red Star his first league matches were played on spring of the 2006-07 season when he played two matches.
 Paul Kohler (born 5 August 1979 in Sydney New South Wales Australia) is an Australian footballer of German and Italian origin who plays for the Rockdale City Suns in the New South Wales Premier League.
 Frank Thorpe (13 November 1879 – 17 April 1928) was an English footballer who played as a centre-half for various clubs in the 1900s including Southampton and Bury with whom he won the FA Cup in 1903.
 Robert Cimera (born 17 September 1887 date of death unknown) was an Austrian international footballer.
 William Geoffrey Lowndes Frith Lowndes (born William Geoffrey Lowndes Frith; 24 January 1898 – 23 May 1982) known as Geoffrey Lowndes was an English cricketer who played for Oxford University Hampshire and the Marylebone Cricket Club. Lowndes was a right-handed batsman and bowled right-arm medium-fast. The son of cricketer William Frith Lowndes changed his named from William Geoffrey Lowndes Frith to William Geoffrey Lowndes Frith Lowndes in July 1906.
 Ben Mason (born 2 March 1977) is an English professional golfer.
 Jordan Botaka (born 24 June 1993 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for Excelsior in the Dutch Eerste Divisie. He formerly played for Club Brugge and Belenenses.
 Gonzague Vandooren (born 19 August 1979 in Mouscron) is a currently unemployed Belgian professional football player who was last attached to Lierse SK being released following the 2011-12 season. His position on the field is left back.
 Rodolfo Rudy Rake (born 13 July 1979) is a former professional tennis player from Peru.
 Sávio Oliveira do Vale (born 11 November 1984) is a Brazilian football midfielder who currently plays for Avenida in the Campeonato Gaúcho.
 Thomas Tom Cox (February 24 1936) was a NASCAR driver. He won the 1962 rookie of the year.
 Daniel Reyes (born 12 December 1987) is a Peruvian footballer who plays for José Gálvez FBC in the Torneo Descentralizado as a goalkeeper.
 Paul Jatta (born 21 February 1991) is a Gambian footballer who is a midfielder currently playing for FC Fyn in the Danish League 1.Jatta presented Gambia at 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Canada and was the captain of the U-17 from Gambia.
 Nina Rangelova is a Bulgarian swimmer. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 400 metre freestyle finishing 23rd in the heats failing to qualify for the final but breaking the Bulgarian national record.
 Darrell Einertson (born September 4 1972 in Rhinelander Wisconsin) is a former Major League Baseball player. Einertson played for the New York Yankees in the 2000 season. In eleven career games he had a 0-0 record with a 3.55 ERA. He also had three strikeouts.He was drafted by the Yankees in the 11th round of the 1995 amateur draft.
 Alberto Abet Guidaben (born 1952) is a former Philippine Basketball Association basketball player. He was part of the fabled Crispa Redmanizers ballclub that won two Grand Slams in 1976 and 1983. He was a two-time Most Valuable Player awardee in 1983 and 1987 joining a select few who are multiple winners of the award such as Bogs Adornado Ramon Fernandez Alvin Patrimonio Benjie Paras Danny Ildefonso Willie Miller and James Yap.
 Yazid Mansouri (Arabic: يزيد منصوري‎ Yazīd Manṣūrī) (born 25 February 1978 in Revin Ardennes France) is a retired Algerian footballer who played as a defensive midfielder. Mansouri announced his retirement from international football on 26 June 2010 after mentioning to the media that he will not be participating in the friendly in August against Gabon and the 2012 African Cup of Nations qualifiers.
 Thomas Tommy Hyslop (22 September 1874 – 1936) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke City and Sunderland He was the first Stoke player to be capped by Scotland. He represented the Scotland national team playing twice against England in 1896 and in 1897 scoring on his debut. He also played for Sunderland and Rangers.
 Carl Mikael Lustig (born 13 December 1986) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a right and centre back for Scottish Premiership team Celtic and the Sweden national team. A full international for Sweden since 2008 he represented the country at Euro 2012.
 Nílton Reis dos Santos (Brazilian Portuguese: [ˈniwtõ ˈsɐ̃tus]; 16 May 1925 – 27 November 2013) was a Brazilian footballer who primarily played as a wingback.Regarded as one of the greatest defenders in the history of the game Nílton Santos is a member of the World Team of the 20th Century and was named by Pelé one of the top 125 greatest living footballers at a FIFA Awards ceremony in 2004.
 Ki Sung-Yueng (Korean: 기성용 Korean pronunciation: [ki sʰʌŋjoŋ]; born 24 January 1989) is a South Korean professional footballer who currently plays as a central midfielder for Premier League club Sunderland on loan from Swansea City and the South Korea national team.Ki is known for his vision technique long-range passing and shooting along with his good set-pieces.
 Martin Vickerton (born 24 June 1987) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Nottingham Forest. His only appearances in professional football came during the 2005–06 season.
 Ken Miller (born October 15 1941 in The Dalles Oregon) is the former Head Coach and Vice President of Football Operations for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League. He served as the Roughriders head coach between 2008 and 2010 leading the team to appearances in the Grey Cup in 2009 and 2010. Miller returned as head coach of the Roughriders on August 19 2011 after the firing of Greg Marshall after a 1–7 start to the 2011 CFL season.
 Max Doerner (Australia) was a rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League(NSWRL) competition.Doerner played with Eastern Suburbs in the 1917 season.
 Juan Manuel Juanma López (born June 30 1983) is a Puerto Rican professional boxer. As an amateur Lopez represented Puerto Rico at numerous international tournaments including the 2002 Central American and Caribbean Games 2003 Pan American Games and the 2004 Summer Olympics. López's professional career began in 2005. As a professional he won his first nine fights by knockout before winning his first decision.
 Ursula Ursel Brunner (born 30 January 1941) is a retired West German freestyle swimmer. She competed at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics and won two bronze medals in relay events in 1960.She won at least 15 national titles in the 100 m butterfly (1961–1962) 400 m individual medley (1962–1963) and 100 m (1959–1963) and 400 m freestyle (1957 1959–1963). In 1963 she was selected the German Sportspersonality of the Year.In 1975 Brunner married her former coach Hans Wirth (d. 1988).
 Juan Camilo Mejía (born August 30 1981 in Antioch Colombia) is a Colombian professional soccer player.Mejia has played professionally for Atlético Bucaramanga in his native country and currently is with C.D. Chalatenango of Primera División de Fútbol Profesional in El Salvador.Mejia has played for Colombian under-23 national side in the Preolimpicos of Chile and also has a champion's medal next to his name.
 Philip Elzer Gade Larsen (born December 7 1989) is a Danish professional ice hockey defenceman. He is currently playing with the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (NHL).
 Patrik Lácha (born 20 January 1992) is a Czech football player who currently plays for FK Baník Most on loan from Teplice. He has represented his country at youth international level. He was named in his country's 18-man squad for the 2011 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship.
 Łukasz Michalski (born August 2 1988 in Bydgoszcz) is a Polsh pole vaulter.
 Lujo Györy (28 May 1930 – 28 March 2012) was a Croatian handball player referee and official.Györy was born in Zagreb on May 28 1930. He was engaged in sport from an early age first swimming then water polo and football. With the persecution of Jews in the Independent State of Croatia his father was taken away in an unknown direction never to be heard of again. During that time Györy was educated at the Franciscans grammar school in Varaždin.
 Joseph Stephenson-Jellie (1874–1960) was an Irish cricketer. Stephenson-Jellie was born in Antrim Ireland.Joseph Stephenson-Jellie played six first-class matches for Gloucestershire with his debut for the county coming in 1896 against Somerset and his final first-class match for the county coming against Essex in 1908. In his six matches between 1896 and 1908 he scored 88 runs at a batting average of 8.80 with a high score of 27.Stephenson-Jellie died in Australia in 1960.
 George William Billy Cook (27 February 1895 – 31 December 1980) was an English professional footballer whose playing position was of a forward. He was born in Evenwood County Durham. Cook is best known for his time with Aston Villa. While at Villa Cook played 61 games scoring 40 goals. Before playing for Villa he played for Huddersfield Town. He also had spells with Evenwood Juniors Trindle Juniors Royal Field Artillery Bishop Auckland and Rotherham County.
 Joachim Rohdin (born October 3 1991) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player. He played with Brynäs IF in the Elitserien during the 2010–11 Elitserien season.
 Timothy Martyn Rees (born 4 September 1984) is a former English cricketer. Rees is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm off break. He was born at Loughborough Leicestershire.Rees made his debut in county cricket for the Lancashire Cricket Board against Shropshire in the 2002 MCCA Knockout Trophy. In that same season he made a single first-class appearance for Lancashire against Somerset at the County Ground Taunton in the County Championship.
 Rowen Fernández (born 28 February 1978) is a South African footballer. He currently plays as a goalkeeper for Supersport United in the Premier Soccer League as well as the South African national team. He is known for his ability to save penalties and his accurate goal kicks.
 Jamey Blake Carroll (born February 18 1974) is an American professional baseball infielder.Carroll was born in Evansville Indiana. In 1992 he graduated from Castle High School in Newburgh Indiana. He then attended and graduated from the University of Evansville where he led the Purple Aces to a 4-yr record of 137-95 a runner-up finish in the Midwestern Collegiate Conference tourney; he was selected as an All-American infielder after his senior season (1996).
 Anton Nedyalkov (Bulgarian: Антон Недялков; born 30 April 1993) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Litex Lovech as a defender.In 2011 he was a member of Bulgaria U-19 team playing three games in the qualifying round of U-19 European Championship.
 Ben Ridge (born 13 December 1989) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Gold Coast Titans of the National Rugby League. His primarily plays second-row and lock.
 Vincent Carlier (born December 20 1979 in Paris) is a French defender. He last played in the Ligue 2 for Nîmes Olympique.
 Ryan James Watson (born 7 July 1993 in Crewe) is an English footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Leicester City.
 Mehdi Benatia (Arabic: مهدي بنعطية‎; born 17 April 1987) is a Moroccan football player who plays for Italian Serie A side Roma and the Morocco national team as a centre-back.
 Joni Töykkälä is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for HIFK of the SM-liiga.
 Félix Salinas (born 11 May 1939) is a Peruvian football defender who played for Peru in the 1970 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Universitario de Deportes.
 Oleksiy Bielik (Ukrainian: Олексій Григорович Бєлік; born 15 February 1981 in Donetsk Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for Metalurh Zaporizhya in the Ukrainian First League. He played for the Ukraine national football team and appeared on the main squad for the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
 José Zamora Gonzales (born January 24 1987) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a center back. He currently plays for Colegio Nacional de Iquitos.
 William D. F. Leushner (November 27 1863 – October 25 1935) was a competitive rifle shooter.As a teenager he moved to Buffalo NY and joined the United States National Guard. In the 1908 Summer Olympics he won a gold medal as a member of the U.S. military rifle team having the highest individual score in the team competition.
 Alan 'Chuck' Hardisty (birth registered (1941-07-12) 12 July 1941) birth registered in Pontefract district is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s '60s and '70s and coach of the 1970s and '80s playing at representative level for Great Britain and Yorkshire and at club level for Castleford and Leeds as a Stand-off/Five-eighth i.e. number 6 and coaching at club level for Castleford and York.
 Bror Blume (born 22 January 1992) is a Danish footballer who plays for Lyngby BK.
 Mark Robinson was an English professional darts player who played in the Professional Darts Corporation.
 Sunette Loubser (born 26 September 1982) is a South African international cricketer who has played for the South Africa national women's cricket team over 75 times since her debut in 2007. A right-arm off break bowler she captained the national team in 2009. She is South Africa's leading wicket-taker in Women's One Day Internationals. Domestically she plays and captains Boland.
 Juan Carlos Sconfianza (born 13 July 1943) is a retired Argentine football player.
 Lindsay Catherine Massengale (born 6 October 1976 in Yuba City California) is an American soccer defender who played for FC Gold Pride of Women's Professional Soccer and Boston Breakers in the Women's United Soccer Association.
 Timothy Drew Atchison (born September 27 1987) is an American football safety who is currently a free agent. He played college football for the Baylor University.
 Not to be confused with the rugby union (RU) and rugby league (RL) footballer of the 1940s '50s and '60s for Newbridge (RU) Great Britain (RL) Wales Hull and York Percival Thomas Tommy 'Bomber' HarrisThomas Tommy H.
 Elmeri Kaksonen is a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays professionally in Finland for SaiPa of the SM-liiga.
 Shayne Angelo Toporowski (born August 6 1975 in Paddockwood Saskatchewan) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He was drafted into the National Hockey League (NHL) in the second round 42nd overall by the Los Angeles Kings in the 1993 draft. After being drafted he continued to play junior hockey for the Prince Albert Raiders of the Western Hockey League (WHL).
 Eric Maurice Washington (born March 23 1974) is an American former National Basketball Association player. Washington attended the University of Alabama where he scored 1532 points grabbed 557 rebounds and made 262 three-point field goals.
 Karl Friesen (born June 30 1958 in Winnipeg Manitoba) is a retired ice hockey goaltender. Friesen played mostly in Germany and the American Hockey League but he also played four games in the National Hockey League with the New Jersey Devils.A dual citizen of Canada and the Federal Republic of Germany Friesen represented West Germany internationally on many occasions including the 1984 and 1988 Winter Olympics and the 1984 Canada Cup.
 Stacey Lovelace-Tolbert (born December 5 1974) is an American professional basketball player in the WNBA who played in the WNBA.Lovelace-Tolbert attended college at Purdue University and graduated in 1996. On May 2 2000 she was assigned with the Indiana Fever later in 2000 Lovelace-Tolbert played with the Seattle Storm. She also had stints with the Minnesota Lynx Chicago Sky and the Washington Mystics.On March 27 2008 Lovelace-Tolbert signed with the Atlanta Dream.
 Alan R. Quartermaine (born 23 November 1951) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the East Perth Football Club in the Western Australian National Football League (WANFL). Originally from Katanning Western Australia Quartermaine made his debut for East Perth in 1969 at the same time completing an economics degree at the University of Western Australia where he also played for the university's football club in the Western Australian Amateur Football League (WAAFL).
 Spencer Platt (born 24 August 1974) is a former English cricketer. Platt was a left-handed batsman who played primarily as a wicketkeeper. He was born at Coventry Warwickshire.Platt represented the Warwickshire Cricket Board in List A cricket. His debut List A match came against Berkshire in the 1999 NatWest Trophy.
 Adam Carroll (born 26 October 1982) is a Northern Irish racing driver. He currently races in the Blancpain Endurance Series for Gulf Racing. He has also raced for Team Ireland in A1 Grand Prix winning the series in 2009.In 2010 Carroll made two appearances in the Izod IndyCar Series racing for Andretti Autosport just missing out on two full seasons due to a sponsor pulling out.
 Etanislao Toni Tony Abreu [ah-BREH-yu] (born November 13 1984) is a Major League second and third baseman in the San Francisco Giants organization. He is a switch-hitter and throws right-handed.
 Luis Ernesto Guzmán Rodríguez (born 19 December 1979) is a Honduran football wing back who currently plays for Parrillas One in the Liga Nacional de Honduras.
 Scott William Brooks (born July 31 1965) is an American professional basketball coach and former professional basketball player. Originally from Lathrop California Brooks is currently serving as the head coach of the Oklahoma City Thunder professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association.
 Daniela Grelui Larreal Chirinos is a Venezuelan track cyclist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed in the Women's team sprint for the national team as well as the women's individual sprint and the keirin.
 Dominique Jean-Zéphirin (born 3 June 1982) is a footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. Since 2008 he has won nine caps for the Haiti national football team.
 Don McIntyre (5 March 1915 – 16 July 2013) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the VFL. McIntyre played as a defender usually in the back pocket. He won a Best and Fairest in 1937 and was premiership player with Carlton in 1938.
 Frank Corrigan (born 13 November 1952 in Liverpool Merseyside) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He spent the majority of his career at Wigan Athletic for whom he was a regular starter in the club's inaugural season in the Football League.
 Danny Lima born 27 July 1975 in Samoa is a former rugby league player.Danny Lima's position of choice was as a prop. He was a Samoan international.He played for the Otahuhu Leopards Auckland City Vulcans Sydney Roosters Canberra Raiders Manly Sea Eagles Northern Eagles and Melbourne Storm in Australia. In Europe's Super League he played for Warrington Wolves Salford City Reds and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats.Lima coached at Warrington Wizards before taking up a playing role in France.
 Joe Moran (born 1987 in Carrigaline County Cork) is an Irish inter-county hurler. At club level he plays with Carrigaline and at county level he plays with the Cork senior team.Moran played at underage level for Cork and played with Cork in the 2006 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship winning the Munster championship.In 2008 he was a key player for Carrigaline as they won the Cork Intermediate Hurling Championship being described as the team defence's bedrock.
 Tomáš Kucharčík (born May 10 1970) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He continues to play with HC Rankweil in the Switzerland lower leagues. Kucharčík was selected by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 8th round (167th overall) of the 1991 NHL Entry Draft.Kucharčík played for the gold medal winning Czech Republic team at the 1999 IIHF World Championship.
 Natalia Filimonovna Bestemianova or Bestemyanova (Russian: Наталья Филимоновна Бестемьянова born 6 January 1960) is a Russian ice dancer who competed for the Soviet Union. With her partner Andrei Bukin she is the 1988 Olympic Champion 1984 Olympic silver medalist four-time World champion three-time World silver medalist and five-time European champion.
 Howie Schumm (born March 11 1940) is a former professional Canadian football player with the Canadian Football League's Edmonton Eskimos and the Calgary Stampeders. Schumm spent his entire 14-year CFL career as an linebacker for the Eskimos and Stampeders. His brother Herb Schumm also played in the CFL.
 Hitoshi Sasaki (佐々木 仁 born July 9 1973) is a former Japanese football player.
 Yaovi Aziabou (born September 11 1990 in Lomé) is a Togolese football defender. He currently plays for Tarbes in the French CFA 2 (Group F).
 Frank Gilchrist Rankin (April 1 1891 - July 23 1932) was a Canadian ice hockey player and coach. As a player Rankin played the rover position for the Toronto Eatons and Toronto St. Michael's Majors in senior hockey. Rankin coached the Toronto Granites to the gold medal for Canada at the 1924 Winter Olympics.
 John Donald McPherson (February 20 1945 in Windsor Ontario – November 24 2001 in Munich Germany) was a Canadian figure skater. He is the 1963 World Champion and the 1963 Canadian national champion. He represented Canada at the 1960 Winter Olympics where he placed 10th at the age of 15. He turned 15 years old during the Olympic figure skating competition.Donald McPherson started to skate with the age of 4.
 Dario Župarić (Bosnian pronunciation: [dâːrio ʒǔparitɕ]; born 3 May 1992) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Serie A club PescaraŽuparić was born in Županja and played youth football with Graničar Županja before starting his professional career with Cibalia. He was later transferred to Serie A club Pescara.Župarić won 3 caps with Bosnia and Herzegovina national under-19 football team.
 Jeff Ulbrich (/ˈʊlbrɨk/; born February 17 1977) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He played for the San Francisco 49ers from 2000 to 2009. He was drafted by the 49ers in the 3rd round (86th overall) in the 2000 NFL Draft. He played college football at Hawaii. Ulbrich is currently the UCLA defensive coordinator and assisting with the special teams and linebackers.
 Archibald E. McFarlane (fl. 1890s) was a Scottish footballer who made 61 appearances in the Football League for Lincoln City. He played at right back. He also played in the Midland League for Glossop North End for Gravesend United and in the Southern League for Sheppey United.
 Flavia Antonia Moreno León is a Mexican Luchadora or female professional wrestler best known under the ring name Cynthia Moreno (sometimes spelled Cinthia Moreno) She is working for Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA). Moreno is a part of an extended wrestling family that includes her father Alfonso Moreno her brother who wrestles as El Oriental and her sisters Esther Alda and Rossy Moreno.
 Martin Thomas Devaney (born 1 June 1980 in Cheltenham) is a football midfielder currently playing for Worcester City. Born of Irish parents Devaney has played for the Republic of Ireland under-16s.
 Aaron Adam Flahavan (15 December 1975 – 5 August 2001) was an English football goalkeeper who played for Portsmouth.
 Kate Lowe is an English cricketer and former member of the England women's cricket team [1]. She played 3 test matches and 8 one day internationals as well as regional cricket for Nottinghamshire Women.
 Steven Dykstra (born December 1 1962 in Edmonton Alberta) is a former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played in the National Hockey League with the Buffalo Sabres Edmonton Oilers Pittsburgh Penguins and Hartford Whalers.In his NHL career Dykstra appeared in 217 games. He scored eight goals and added 32 assists.In 1988 he played 27 games for Buffalo Sabres before being traded to Edmonton for Scott Metcalfe. He played 15 of the season's last 21 games for Edmonton.
 Nurken Mazbaev (Kazakh: Нүркен Мазбаев) was a Kazakhstani football forward. He retired on 20 May 2008 having played 16 seasons and scoring 142 goals in Kazakhstan Premier League which makes him the second all-time top scorer of the tournament.Mazbayev made 13 appearances and scored 2 goals for the Kazakhstan national football team from 2000 to 2004.
 Peter Theodore Craven (21 June 1934 – 24 September 1963) was an English motorcycle racer. He was a finalist in each FIM Speedway World Championship from 1954 to 1963 and he won the title twice (in 1955 and 1962). He was British Champion in 1962 and 1963.
 François Duhamel (born November 20 1984 in Auchel) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Vendée Fontenay Foot.
 Kenny Adamson (born 21 August 1988) is a Scottish professional football defender currently playing for Scottish Championship side Cowdenbeath. He previously played for Livingston.
 János Farkas (born 1 January 1984) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Mezőkövesd-Zsóry SE.
 Jack Burkitt (19 January 1926 - 12 September 2003) was an English-born football midfielder who made over 500 senior appearances for Nottingham Forest between 1947 and 1962 and who captained them to win the 1959 FA Cup Final.He started at his local club Darlaston and joined Forest at the start of the 1947-48 season.
 Robert Allen Young (September 3 1942 – June 17 1995) was an American football offensive guard who played 16 seasons in the National Football League mainly for the St. Louis Cardinals where he and other Cardinal offensive linemen are credited with introducing modern weightlifting/powerlifting into the training regime of the NFL. He was named to two Pro Bowls (1978 & 1979) and was a first team All Pro selection in 1979 as well. Young attended Howard Payne University.
 Anthony Hickey (born November 22 1992) is an American college basketball player who plays the point guard position for the Louisiana State University Tigers. In the 2012–13 NCAA Division I season he was a sophomore who finished as that year's third-highest steals-per game leader in the nation (2.93 spg). In high school Hickey was named the 2011 Kentucky Mr.
 Deirdre Delaney is a camogie player and sales representative. She played in the 2009 All Ireland camogie final. One of the mainstays of the all conquering St Lachtain's teams Deirdre has assisted the Freshford side to ten county six Leinster and three All-Ireland club titles. Has won provincial inter-county medals in the Under-16 and Minor grades.
 Simas Buterlevičius (born April 18 1989 in Vilnius Soviet Union) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player currently playing for Trefl Sopot of the Polish Basketball League.
 Maurice Edwardd Neale (1886 – 9 July 1967) was an English rugby union international who played on a single occasion for his country and was part of the first official British Isles team that toured South Africa in 1910 finishing top try scorer of the series.
 James Edward Ed Watkins (June 21 1877 to March 29 1933) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played in 1902 with the Philadelphia Phillies.Watkins played in 1 game going 0-3 with a walk.He was born in Philadelphia Pennsylvania and died in Kelvin Arizona.
 Faed Arsène (born 21 June 1985) is a Malagasy international footballer who plays in Belgium for Royal Mouscron-Péruwelz as a striker.
 Robbie McCormack is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 1990s. A New South Wales State of Origin representative hooker he played for Australian clubs the Newcastle Knights and Hunter Mariners and for English club Wigan Warriors (with whom he won 1998's Super League III).
 Omid Ravankhah (Persian: امید روانخواه‎ born in April 10 1985) is a retired Iranian football player who last played for Saipa in IPL. He usually plays as a midfielder.
 Henning Wind (born 1937) is a Danish competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Finn class at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
 Pavel Harazim (born 30 June 1969) is a retired Czech football defender. He made over 250 top-flight appearances spanning the existence of the Czechoslovak First League and the Gambrinus liga. He was one of a large number of players to leave SFC Opava in May 2004.
 Louis Roels (12 August 1912 – 17 September 1984) was a Belgian racing cyclist. He won the Belgian national road race title in 1934.
 Milan Stojanović(born 10 May 1988) is a Serbian football player who currently plays for Sloga Petrovac na Mlavi. His favoured position is as a right midfielder.
 Raymond Franklin Bobby Coombs (February 2 1908 – October 21 1991) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. The 5 ft 9 1⁄2 in (1.77 m) 160 lb. right-hander played for the Philadelphia Athletics (1933) and New York Giants (1943). His career was unusual in that he went almost ten years between major league appearances.A native of Goodwins Mills Maine Coombs made his major league debut in relief on June 8 1933 in a home game against the New York Yankees at Shibe Park.
 Julio Adolfo Cozzi (14 July 1922 – 25 September 2011) was an Argentine football goalkeeper who won the Copa América 1947 with the Argentina national team.Cozzi started his career in 1941 with Club Atlético Platense he played for the club until 1949 when he joined Millonarios of Colombia where his team mates included Alfredo di Stéfano and Adolfo Pedernera.
 Masaki Yamamoto (山本 真希 Yamamoto Masaki born 24 August 1987 in Shizuoka prefecture) is a Japanese football player currently playing for J. League Division 1 team Kawasaki Frontale.
 Stuart Hall (born 18 October 1984 in Chelmsford) is a British racing driver. He has competed at the 24 Hours of Le Mans for teams including Aston Martin Racing.
 Roger Yasukawa (born October 10 1977) is an American auto racing driver.He was born in Los Angeles California. He is of Japanese-American descent.Yasukawa started karting in Southern California winning the California State Championship in 1991 in Junior Sportsman. He then moved to Italy to compete in JICA. He moved to car racing in 1997 in the Formula Vauxhall Junior Championship in England before winning the West Coast Skip Barber Formula Dodge 2-Liter Championship in 1998.
 Vjatšeslav Zahovaiko (born 29 December 1981 in Rapla) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays in Estonian Meistriliiga for JK Sillamäe Kalev.
 Dave Pember is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Pember was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the eighth round of the 1999 Major League Baseball Draft. He played with team at the Major League level in 2002.Pember played at the collegiate level at Western Carolina University.
 Jason Spitz (born December 19 1982) is an American football center who last played for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the third round of the 2006 NFL Draft. He played college football at Louisville.
 Mikhail Nikolayevich Zakharov (Russian: Михаил Николаевич Захаров; born March 10 1984) is a Russian professional football player. Currently he plays for FC Spartak Kostroma.
 Ján Papaj (born 16 June 1979) is a Slovak football player who currently plays for 1. FC Tatran Prešov .
 Baron Hans Gustaf von Blixen-Finecke (25 July 1886 – 26 September 1917) was a Swedish equestrian champion who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics. He was born in Näsbyholms castle Skurup and died in an airplane crash in 1917.
 Gary Smyth (born 20 December 1969 in Belfast) is an ex-Northern Irish footballer who retired on 9 May 2009 following the Irish Cup final.'Smickers' signed for Glentoran from Holywood in 1988 winning numerous trophies and remaining there until 1995 when he signed for Glenavon where he enjoyed more success before returning to The Oval in 2000. He was named as the Ulster Footballer of the Year for the 2002/03 season.
 Alex Matshameko (born 22 October 1979) is a Botswanan footballer who currently plays as a defender for Botswana Meat Commission FC. He played two matches for the Botswana national football team in 2005.
 Scott Taggart (born 27 December 1991) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Greenock Morton.Taggart has previously played for Hibernian Ayr United and Stranraer during his career.
 Svend Ove Pedersen (October 31 1920 – August 3 2009) was a Danish rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.He was born in Frederiksværk and was the father of Egon Pedersen.In 1952 he was a crew member of the Danish boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed pairs event.
 Jeff Cacciatore is a retired American soccer forward who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and the Major Indoor Soccer League. Cacciatore was elected into the Saint Louis Soccer Hall of Fame in 2013.
 Cameron Cammy Bell (born 18 September 1986) is a Scottish professional football player. Bell is a goalkeeper and currently plays for Scottish League One club Rangers. He has represented Scotland once in 2010.
 George Slifkas (born 18 October 1969) is an Australian former association football player.
 Theophilus Annorbaah (born 17 September 1987 in Tema) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who currently plays for Medeama SC in the Ghana Premier League.
 Marcel Kandziora (born 4 February 1990) is a German footballer who plays for FSV Frankfurt.
 Dick See was a rugby league player who competed in the Australian New South Wales Rugby League premiership (NSWRL).A long serving Lock forward See played for Eastern Suburbs in one of the bleakest periods of the clubs existence. See played for Easts in the year (1956–63) in those years the club only made the semis on one occasion they went all the way to the grand final that year 1960 only to be defeated by St George.See also spent one season playing for the Newtown club 1964.
 Robert Biancucci is an Australian Paralympic athlete. At the 1988 Seoul Games he won a gold medal in the Men's 800 m C8 event a silver medal in the Men's 400 m C8 event and a bronze medal in the Men's 200 m C8 event. He competed but did not win any medals at the 1992 Barcelona Games.
 Anton Kravchenko (Ukrainian: Антон Сергійович Кравченко; born 23 March 1991 in Dnipropetrovsk Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football defender playing in the professional Ukrainian First League club FC Tytan Armyansk.
 Taylor Robertson (September 8 1980 in Brantford Ontario) is a retired Pro Football Offensive Guard. He most recently played for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League. He was drafted in the 2nd round of the 2003 CFL Draft by the Calgary Stampeders. He played college football at Central Florida. Robertson has also been a member of the Philadelphia Eagles. Taylor is currently a pit crew member for Fitzpatrick Motorsports in the NASCAR Canadian Tire Series.
 Rasmus Wremer (born September 4 1982) is a Swedish handballer currently playing for Danish Handball League side AaB Håndbold. He has previously played for IFK Skövde in the Swedish Elitserien.Wremer has played 7 matches for the Swedish national handball team.
 Artyom Vladimirovich Struchkov (Russian: Артём Владимирович Стручков; born December 17 1986) is a Russian professional football player currently playing for FC Lokomotiv Liski in the Russian Second Division.
 Luna Mágica (spanish for Magic Moon) is the ring name of Maria De Los Angeles Aranda Ramirez (born October 20 1937 in Ciudad Madero Tamaulipas Mexico). Aranda is a Mexican luchadora or female professional wrestler currently working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) portraying a tecnico (Good guy) wrestling character.
 Tim Molenaar (born 19 February 1981 in Masterton New Zealand) is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Aviva Premiership. He plays as a centre.Molenaar signed for Gloucester Rugby from Nottingham in August 2009 after a deal to sign Seru Rabeni fell through.On 28 October 2013 it was announced that Harlequins have signed Tim Molenaar to a short-term deal following his release from Gloucester Rugby
 Christopher Ethan Chris Maxwell (born 30 July 1990) is a Welsh footballer who plays for Fleetwood Town as a goalkeeper. He has featured in the Wales national under-21 football team and during previous seasons in the under-19 under-17 and under-16 schoolboys teams.
 Magnar Nikolai Isaksen (Kristiansund 13 October 1910 – 8 June 1979) was a Norwegian football (soccer) player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.He was a member of the Norwegian team which won the bronze medal in the football tournament.He also took part in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.
 Ashley Peter Foyle (born September 17 1986 in Sheffield) is an English football defender currently playing for Northern Premier League Premier Division side Worksop Town F.C. after joining from near neighbours Matlock Town F.C. on the second of September 2009.He signed for Accrington in August 2006 leaving his only previous professional club Chesterfield. From there he went on loan to Belper Town and then signed for Northern Premier League First Division winners Buxton F.C. in 2007.
 Elaine Breeden (born November 18 1988) is an American competition swimmer and Olympic silver medalist.Breeden qualified to compete in the 100-meter and 200-meter butterfly events at the 2008 Summer Olympics by placing second and first respectively in those events at the U.S. Olympic Trials. At the 2008 Olympics in Beijing China she advanced to the semifinals of the women's 100-meter butterfly and finished seventh in the final of the women's 200-meter butterfly.
 Antoine Brandon Cason (born July 9 1986) is an American football cornerback for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Arizona where he was recognized as an All-American and won the Jim Thorpe Award. He was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the first round of the 2008 NFL Draft. He has also played for the Arizona Cardinals.
 Grigor Dolapchiev (Bulgarian: Григор Долапчиев; born 23 February 1994) is a Bulgarian football player. He currently plays for CSKA Sofia as a forward.
 James Jim Chandler Ball (February 22 1884 – April 7 1963) was an American professional baseball player who played in the National League for parts of two season spanning 1907-1908. 1871. Born in Harford County Maryland he was drafted by the Boston Doves from the Baltimore Orioles of the Eastern League in the 1907 rule 5 draft and played in 10 games that season. He was released from the Doves in January 1908.
 Kenta Matsudaira (松平 健太 Matsudaira Kenta) (born April 11 1991) is a Japanese table tennis player. Winner of 2006 World Junior Championships in boys' singles. He was ranked as the world number one junior player in 2008. Kenta has supposedly one of the world's best serves.
 Shahzad Khan (born February 20 1981) is a Canadian cricketer. He plays as a batsman but with the ability to bowl at a fast-medium pace. He made his debut in both First-class cricket and List A cricket for Canada against the Netherlands in the Dutch tour of Canada.
 Veli-Matti Lindström (born November 15 1983 Nastola) is a Finnish ski jumper who has competed since 1999. He won a silver medal at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City in the team large hill event.Lindström also won a silver in the team at the FIS Ski-Flying World Championships 2004 in Planica.Lindström also won two championships at the Ski-flying World Cup at Planica Slovenia in the Team event in 2002 and 2003.
 Zach Boren is an American football fullback who is a member of the San Diego Chargers of the National Football League (NFL). Boren originally played fullback but was converted to linebacker mid-way through his senior season.
 Clarke Trott (date of birth unknown) is a former Bermudian cricketer. Trott's batting and bowling styles are unknown.Trott made his debut for Bermuda in a List A match against Jamaica in the 1999/00 Red Stripe Bowl with him making two further List A appearances in that tournament against Guyana and the Windward Islands. He scored a total of 15 runs in his three List A matches at an average of 5.00 and a high score of 7. With the ball he also took a single wicket.
 Jim Gallacher (born 29 March 1951 in Clydebank) is a Scottish former football goalkeeper. Gallacher played for Arbroath and Clydebank in the Scottish Football League. He made over 600 league appearances for Clydebank in a career that spanned four decades (late 1960s to early 1990s).His son Paul Gallacher also became a professional football goalkeeper and is currently playing for Partick Thistle.
 Giovani Luiz Neitzke or simply Giovani (born February 28 1989) is a goalkeeper player from Brazil. He last played for Cerezo Osaka in the J. League.
 Akishige Kaneda (兼田 亜季重 Kaneda Akishige born February 26 1990) is a Japanese football player who plays for Montedio Yamagata in the J. League Division 2.
 Wilfred Lievesley (born 6 October 1902 - 21 February 1979) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Netherthorpe Derbyshire. He played for Derby County Manchester United Exeter City Wigan Borough and Cardiff City.
 Junji Izumida (泉田純; Izumida Jun; born October 28 1965 as Izumida Ryukaku) is a Japanese professional wrestler who currently works for Pro Wrestling Noah.
 Graeme MacGregor (born 14 June 1993) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays for East Stirlingshire. MacGregor was with Bolton Wanderers as a youth and played for Scotland under-19. He was released by Bolton Wanderers in June 2012 and signed for St. Mirren in September 2012.
 David Engblom (born (1977-07-02)July 2 1977 in Solna) is a Swedish retired professional ice hockey player (left wing). Engblom's youth team is Vallentuna BK. From the 1995–96 season to his retirement in 2011 he played in AIK except for the 2000–01 season when Engblom played in Skellefteå AIK of the (now named) HockeyAllsvenskan. Engblom was one of the alternate captains in AIK.
 Lungile Gontse Ditshego known as LuLu (born 27 March 1994) is a model and also a South African football player who formely played as a midfielder&forward for Mmakau United in the Madibeng Pro League.
 Waltraud Strotzer née Pöhland (born 16 September 1952 in Wünschendorf/Elster) is a German middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.As a teenager she won the silver medal at the 1968 European Junior Championships and the gold medal at the 1970 European Junior Championships. She also competed at the European Championships in 1966 1969 and 1971 without reaching the final.In domestic competitions she represented the sports club SC Motor Jena.
 Dale McMullin (born March 13 1955) is a Canadian former ice hockey player.McMullen played at junior level with the Brandon Wheat Kings at scored over 100 points in a season twice. He was drafted 116th overall in the 1975 NHL Amateur Draft by the Atlanta Flames and 95th overall in the 1975 WHA Amateur Draft by the Phoenix Roadrunners. He however never played in the National Hockey League and played just one game in the World Hockey Association for the Edmonton Oilers.
 Thomas Tom McGrath (born 1891) was an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Limerick senior team.Born in Limerick McGrath first excelled at hurling in his youth. He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of twenty seven when he first linked up with the Limerick senior team. He made his senior debut in the 1918 championship. McGrath went on to play a key part for Limerick during a golden age for the team and won two All-Ireland medals and three Munster medals.
 Thomas Paul O'Sullivan (born 18 January 1995) is a Welsh footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Barclays Premier League club Cardiff City.
 Billy Jordan Daniels (born 3 July 1994) is an English footballer who currently plays as a forward for Coventry City.
 David James Karpa (born May 7 1971) is a Canadian ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League for the Quebec Nordiques Mighty Ducks of Anaheim Carolina Hurricanes and New York Rangers between 1993 and 2003. Drafted 68th overall by the Nordiques in the 1991 NHL Entry Draft Karpa went on to play 557 regular season games in the NHL scoring 18 goals and 80 assists for 98 points and collecting 1374 penalty minutes.
 Maya April Moore (born June 11 1989) is an American professional basketball player at forward for the Minnesota Lynx of the WNBA and the Shanxi Flame of the Chinese league. Moore was the winner of the 2006 and 2007 Naismith Prep Player of the Year. She was selected as the John Wooden Award winner in 2009 after leading Connecticut to the undefeated national championship.
 Ivar Genesjö (born 24 January 1931) is a Swedish fencer. He competed in the team épée event at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
 Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro OIH (born 5 February 1985) known as Cristiano Ronaldo is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Real Madrid and captains the Portugal national team. He became the most expensive footballer in history when he moved from Manchester United to Real Madrid in 2009 in a transfer worth £80 million (€94 million/$132 million).
 David McLellan (born July 27 1973 in London Ontario) is a former international freestyle swimmer in the long-distance events who competed for Canada at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona Spain. There he finished in 23rd position in the 1500m Freestyle.
 Jan van der Horst (born 15 December 1942) is a retired Dutch road cyclist who was active between 1964 and 1973. In 1966 he won the Olympia's Tour Circuit de Lorraine and a national road title.
 Bob Shoo Shoo Shemonski (born c. 1933 date of death unknown) was an American football player. He played college football as an end and back for the Maryland Terrapins and was selected in the 1952 NFL Draft by the Chicago Bears.
 Eric Percival Cross (25 June 1896 – 27 January 1985) was an English cricketer. Cross was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper. He was born at Handsworth Warwickshire and was educated at Denstone College.Cross made his first-class debut for Warwickshire against Gloucestershire in the 1921 County Championship at Edgbaston. Cross made six further first-class appearances for the county the last of which came against the touring West Indians in 1923.
 Öztürk Karataş (born 15 February 1991 in Kağızman) is a Turkish footballer.
 Tijane Freitas Reis (born 28 June 1991) is an Portuguese-Guinea-Bissauan footballer who plays for Swindon Town as a left winger.
 Jody Tini (born 10 February 1976 in Whangarei New Zealand) is a female basketball player for New Zealand. At the 2006 Commonwealth Games she won a silver medal as part of the Tall Ferns New Zealand women's basketball team.She comes from a basketball family as she is the sister of Tall Black captain Pero Cameron and daughter of Mata Cameron - a national age group coach.
 Neal Horgan (born 29 November 1979 in San Francisco) is a professional footballer who has played for some years for Cork City in the League of Ireland Premier Division.
 Abbas Mohamed Djallal Aïssaoui (born October 5 1986 in El Bayadh) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a midfielder for USM El Harrach in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
 Adoniram Judson Jud Birchall (September 12 1855 – December 22 1887) was an American Major League Baseball player who played left field for the Philadelphia Athletics in the American Association for three seasons from 1882 to 1884.Birchall died at the age of 32 of a pulmonary ailment and is interred at Milestown Baptist Church Cemetery in Philadelphia.
 Kelvin Yondan (born 9 October 1984) is a Tanzanian football defender. He currently plays at the club level for Mtibwa Sugar FC.Yondan is also a member of the Tanzania national football team.
 Juan Tejera (born 26 July 1983 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer. He currently plays for Defensa y Justicia in the Primera B Nacional in Argentina.
 Ron Smokey Clegg (17 November 1927 – 23 August 1990) was an Australian rules footballer in the (then) Victorian Football League.A brilliant key position player at either centre half-forward or centre half-back he was awarded the Brownlow Medal in 1949 while playing with the then South Melbourne Football Club. He won the club's Best and Fairest award three times.In 1996 Clegg was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame.
 Ualosi Kailea (born 28 October 1978 in Ha'ateiho) is a Tongan rugby union Wing. He was a member of the Tonga national rugby union team and participated with the squad at the 2007 Rugby World Cup.
 Ahmad Galal (Arabic: أحمد جلال‎) is an Egyptian footballer. He currently plays as a striker for Egypt's Arab Contractors SC.
 Jhony Alberto Obeso Panduro (born 2 June 1991) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a midfielder. He currently plays for José Gálvez FBC in the Torneo Descentralizado.
 Waldemar Legień (born 28 August 1963 in Bytom) is a retired Polish judoka. He is the manager of Racing Club de France in Paris.He won two Olympic gold medals in different weight classes in 1988 and 1992. He is also the only person to win back-to-back Olympic Gold medals in Judo.For his sport achievements he received: Knight's Cross Officer's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta (4th Class) in 1988.
 Romesh Shantha Kaluwitharana (born November 24 1969) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played in 49 Test and 189 ODIs from 1990 to 2004. He was appointed as the interim cricket coach of Malaysia on the 17th of May 2008.His early career made him look like a good Sri Lankan prospect and the undoubted highlight of his career was the entertaining innings of 132 not out (including 26 boundaries) that he made on Test debut against a powerful Australian side in 1992.
 Matteo Trini (born 18 May 1987) is an Italian footballer who plays for Carpi.
 Michael Kraft (born 23 April 1966 in Dernbach) is a former German professional football goalkeeper. He played for 1. FC Köln FC Gütersloh and FC Carl Zeiss Jena in Germany and Bakırköyspor in the Turkish Süper Lig.
 Robert Bob Roberts (July 1864 – 15 March 1932) was a Welsh professional footballer who played at wing half for several clubs spending most of his career with Bolton Wanderers in the English Football League. He made a total of ten appearances for Wales.
 Elmo Langley (August 21 1928 - November 21 1996) was a NASCAR driver and owner. Langley primarily used the number 64 on his race cars during his NASCAR career.
 Catherine White (born 26 June 1965) is a former British swimmer who represented Great Britain at the 1984 Olympic Games and won a silver medal for England at the 1982 Commonwealth Games. She was born in Portsmouth.
 Perry Suckling (born 12 October 1965 in Leyton) is a former English footballer. He is currently Academy Goalkeeping Coach at Tottenham Hotspur.His career was famously damaged in 1989 when he kept goal for Crystal Palace in a club-record 9–0 defeat against Liverpool.
 Gabriele Araudo (born on August 5 1974 in Carmagnola Italy) is an Italian ice sledge hockey player.He was part of the Italian sledge hockey team at the 2010 Winter Paralympics in Vancouver Canada.He was on the Italian team at the 2011 IPC Ice Sledge Hockey European Championships.
 Maxwell Max Eaves (born 31 May 1988) is an English pole vaulter.Eaves was born in Ascot Berkshire.[citation needed] His personal best is a jump of 5.61 metres.
 Derek O'Brien (born November 14 1979 in Tralee Ireland) is an Irish footballer.
 Emmanuel Baba (born May 22 1985) is a former Nigerian football player he last played for PFC Spartak Varna in Bulgaria.
 Maximilian Nicu (born 25 November 1982 in Prien am Chiemsee) is a German-Romanian footballer who is playing for Universitatea Cluj.
 Ivan Nikolayevich Grinyuk (Russian: Иван Николаевич Гринюк; born April 25 1979) is a Russian professional football player. He last played in the Russian Second Division for FC MITOS Novocherkassk.
 Della Woods is an AA/FC NHRA pro driver. She was the first female driver in the 5 second bracket in the funny car class and the first female driver to go to the semi finals at an NHRA national event. She held the latter record for almost 22 years.
 Alpesh Vallabhdas Vadher (born September 7 1974 in Nairobi) named after his father is a former Kenyan cricketer of Indian origin. He is a right-handed batsman. Having made 42 on his debut against Bangladesh in 1997 he did little more until the 1999 Cricket World Cup in which he made two fifties including an unbeaten 73 against Sri Lanka.He retired in the year 2000 but was called back by the team in time for the 2003 Cricket World Cup along with Aasif Karim the former Kenyan captain.
 Paul Duncan Meyers was a professional football player. He played in the National Football League with the Rochester Jeffersons New York Brickley Giants and the Racine Legion. Brickley's New York Giants are not related to the modern-day New York Giants. Prior to joining the NFL Paul played college football for the Wisconsin Badgers.
 Guido van der Valk (born 26 January 1980) is a Dutch professional golfer.After a successful amateur career which included representing his country at the Eisenhower Trophy van der Valk turned down several college offers to turn professional in 2002. He joined the Challenge Tour and finished 36th in the standings in his debut season the highlight being a second-place finish behind Iain Pyman at the BMW Russian Open. After two disappointing seasons he joined the Asian Tour in 2005.
 Ruan Botha (born 10 January 1992) is a South African rugby union footballer. He plays as a lock for the Lions in Super Rugby and the Golden Lions in the Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup. He made his provincial debut on 31 March 2012 as the Golden Lions thrashed the Griffons 71-25 in Johannesburg. Botha started the match before being replaced in the 62nd minute by Hendrik Roodt.His first call-up to the Lions Super Rugby team came ahead of the side's Australian tour during the 2012 Super Rugby season.
 Loïc Jacquet (born March 31 1985 in Saint-Doulchard Cher) is a French rugby union player who plays as a lock. He has so far spent his whole professional career in Clermont-Ferrand.Jacquet was the captain of the French team that won the 2006 U21 World Cup.On November 18 2006 he received his first cap against New Zealand.
 Jordan David Mustoe (born 28 January 1991) is an English footballer who plays for Morecambe on loan from Wigan Athletic as a left back.
 Zhivko Grozdanov (Bulgarian: Живко Грозданов; born 1995) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Pirin Gotse Delchev.
 Agnaldo Cordeiro Pereira shortly Agnaldo (born January 25 1975 in Paranacity Paraná) is a former Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward.
 Jenni Hucul (born May 17 1988) is a Canadian bobsledder who has competed since 2007. She won the silver medal in the mixed bobsleigh-skeleton team event at the 2008 FIBT World Championships in Altenberg Germany.Jenni was also a star track & field athlete. She is the Canadian Youth (17 and under) record holder in the 100m which she set when she won the Canadian Junior Championships with a time of 11.54 +1.4 m/s in Saskatoon on July 4 2003 running in a higher age category.
 Tom H. Logan is a former water polo representative from New Zealand.At the 1950 British Empire Games he won the silver medal as part of the men's water polo team.
 Colin Anthony Doyle (born 12 June 1985) is an Irish footballer who plays for Birmingham City and the Republic of Ireland national team. A goalkeeper he made his debut in the Football League in April 2005 while on loan to Championship club Nottingham Forest. He has also had loan spells at Chester City Millwall and Coventry City.At international level Doyle has represented the Republic of Ireland at under-21 B and senior levels. He made his full international debut in May 2007 against Ecuador.
 Shirley Burkovich [״Hustle״] (born February 4 1933) is a former infielder outfielder and pitcher who played from 1949 through 1951 in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League.
 Henry J. Handsome Harry Boyle (September 20 1860 – May 25 1932) was a professional baseball player. He was a pitcher over parts of 6 seasons (1884–1889) with the St. Louis Maroons and Indianapolis Hoosiers. He led the National League in ERA in 1886 while playing for St. Louis. For his career he compiled an 89–111 record in 207 appearances with a 3.06 ERA and 602 strikeouts.
 Zsolt Tamási (born 25 June 1990) is a Hungarian football midfielder who plays for Ascoli.Tamási was sold to Ascoli Calcio 1898 for €1.7 million (in co-ownership deal) and Matteo Di Gennaro was joined Parma in exchange also for €1.7 million in co-ownership deal. Tamási signed a 5-year contract.In July 2013 Tamási was signed by Gubbio in temporary deal. He played his first match for the club in a friendly on 31 July. In January he comes back to Ascoli.
 Antonio D. Perkins (born January 9 1982) is a former American college and professional football player who was a kick returner and cornerback in the National Football League (NFL) for two seasons during the early 2000s. He played college football for the University of Oklahoma and earned All-American honors. Perkins played professionally for the NFL's Cleveland Browns.
 Kenneth (Ken) Robert Rutherford MNZM (born 26 October 1965) is a former New Zealand cricketer who enjoyed a ten-year career with the national team and was captain for a period in the 1990s. He made his debut for Otago in 1982-83 at the age of 17 batting at number six.
 Yuki Horigome (堀米 勇輝 Horigome Yūki born 13 December 1992) is a Japanese football player.
 Curt Bergsten (born 21 August 1915 date of death unknown) was a Swedish football forward who played for Sweden in the 1938 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Landskrona BoIS.
 Tiziano Bruzzone (born 19 August 1984 in Pisa) is an Italian Association football player who currently plays for Orvietana in Italy's Serie D having once been on the books at Cagliari in Serie A though he never made a first team appearance.Before signing for Cagliari he was nicknamed the Luca Toni of Serie D.
 Elbert L. Ickey Woods (born February 28 1966) is a former American football fullback who played his entire NFL career (1988 to 1991) with the Cincinnati Bengals. He played college football at UNLV. He is best remembered for his lumbering Ickey Shuffle end zone dance performed when he scored touchdowns.Woods rushed for 1066 yards and 15 touchdowns in his rookie season along with 228 yards and 3 touchdowns in the playoffs as the Bengals advanced to Super Bowl XXIII.
 Benoît Cheyrou (born 3 May 1981 in Suresnes) is a French football player who currently plays for Olympique de Marseille in Ligue 1. He plays as a central midfielder and often acts as a deep-lying playmaker for the attack. Cheyrou is known for his vision distribution and assists. He is a former French youth international having represented his nation at under-19 under-20 and under-21 level.
 Hiroto Mogi (茂木 弘人 Mogi Hiroto born March 2 1984 in Fukushima Fukushima) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Vissel Kobe.
 Peter Campbell (born late 1850s in Rhu in Argyll; died January 1883) was a Scottish footballer and one of the four founding members of Rangers Football Club. He made 24 Scottish Cup appearances for Rangers and scored 15 goals.
 Ma Ying (simplified Chinese: 马英; traditional Chinese: 馬英; pinyin: Mǎ Yīng; born April 10 1972) is a female Chinese softball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.In 1996 she won the silver medal as part of the Chinese team. She played two matches as pitcher.
 Valentino Lazaro (born 24 March 1996) is a Austrian footballer who currently plays as an offensive midfielder for Austrian side FC Red Bull Salzburg.
 Justin Yeo (born in Dubbo New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league player for the North Sydney Bears and the Balmain Tigers in the National Rugby League competition. Justin left the Balmain Tigers when they merged with Western Suburbs Magpies and returned to captain coach Dubbo CYMS in Group 11 of the New South Wales Country Rugby League. Yeo is a primary school teacher at St Marys Primary School in Dubbo New South Wales.Yeo's son Isaah plays for the Penrith Panthers.
 Robert Bob Kupsch (born 27 November 1933 is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL).Robert Kupsch who was recruited from Edithvale-Aspendale played in both the losing 1955 and 1956 Grand Finals for Collingwood against Melbourne. In early 1957 he transferred to St. Kilda where he played until the end of the 1958 VFL season. He coached Sandhurst in 1959 and 1960 and then Tyntynder in 1961 and 1962.
 Serge Lofo Bongeli Senge (born October 13 1983 in Kinshasa) is a DR Congolese football player.
 Ronivaldo (Roni) Santos Conceição (born July 8 1972 in São Paulo) is a professional male squash player who represented Brazil during his career. He reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 95 in October 2006 after having joined the Professional Squash Association in 2001.
 Krister Aunan (born 25 December 1987) is a Norwegian football defender who currently plays for 3. Divisjon side Randaberg IL.He hails from Stavanger and played youth football for FK Vidar and Madla IL. In 2004 he was in the senior squad of Randaberg IL. Ahead of the 2010 season he signed a three-year contract with first-tier club Strømsgodset IF. He made his first-tier debut in March 2010 against Kongsvinger.In parts of 2012 he played for Bærum SK on loan. In 2013 he went back to Vidar.
 Michael Francisco Pineda Paulino (born January 18 1989) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball (MLB). He signed as an international free agent with the Seattle Mariners in 2005 and made his MLB debut for the Mariners in 2011. In his rookie season Pineda was named an All-Star and finished fifth in balloting for American League Rookie of the Year.
 Adrián de Lemos (born 13 October 1982 in Goicoechea Costa Rica) is a Costa Rican professional football goalkeeper.De Lemos was part of the Costa Rica preliminary squad for the 2006 World Cup .
 Walt Godwin (born 1899 date of death unknown) was an American football player in the National Football League. He played for the Staten Island Stapletons. He played collegiately for the Georgia Tech football team.
 Kevin Osei (born March 26 1991 in Marseille) is a French-born Ghanaian professional footballer currently playing as a midfielder for French Ligue 1 club Olympique de Marseille.
 Frederick Stocks (23 May 1883 – 2 January 1954) was an English cricketer. Stocks' batting and bowling styles are unknown. He was born at Shireoaks Nottinghamshire.Stocks made two first-class appearances for Northamptonshire in 1906 against Cambridge University and the touring West Indians. In the match against Cambridge University at Fenner's Stocks top scored in Northamptonshire's first-innings with 13 before being dismissed by Percy May with Northamptonshire being dismissed for 57.
 John Stephen Snashall (born 12 October 1982) is a former English cricketer. Snashall is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium pace. He was born at Eastbourne Sussex.Snashall represented the Sussex Cricket Board in 2 List A matches against the Essex Cricket Board and Wales Minor Counties in the 1st and 2nd rounds of the 2002 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy; both matches were played in 2001.
 Roger Guerreiro (Brazilian Portuguese: [ˈʁoʒeʁ ɡeˈʁejɾu]; born on 25 May 1982 in São Paulo Brazil) commonly known as Roger is a naturalized Polish footballer who plays for Comercial in the Campeonato Paulista as an attacking midfielder.
 Mohamed Fatahollah Mardani (born 12 October 1972) is a Singaporean footballer who currently plays for the club Balestier Khalsa FC. He is currently 41 years of age. Mohamed formerly played for another Singaporean club Woodlands Wellington from 1996 to 1999. In 2003 he signed up for another Singaporean club Home United where he stayed until 2005. In 2006 he began playing with the club Balestier Khalsa FC.
 Eric William Hurley (born September 17 1985) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is currently a free agent.
 James Garrett Wilson (January 12 1879 – May 1 1969) was a professional baseball player. He appeared in two games in Major League Baseball as a second baseman for the Boston Americans during the 1902 season. Listed at 5 ft 7 in (1.70 m) 168 lb. Wilson batted and threw right-handed.
 The British Rail Class 421 (or 4Cig) electrical multiple units were built at BR York Works between 1964 and 1972. Units were built in two batches and were initially introduced on services on the Brighton Main Line. Later units were introduced on services to Portsmouth. These units replaced older Southern Railway-designed units such as the 5Bel Brighton Belle units and 4Cor units.
 USS Gilmore (DE-18) was an Evarts-class short-hull destroyer escort in the service of the United States Navy named after Commander Walter William Gilmore Supply Corps killed on 8 May 1942 while serving as the supply officer of the Lexington (CV-2) in the Battle of Coral Sea.Originally allocated to the United Kingdom under terms of the Lend-Lease Program the ship was launched as HMS Halder (BDE-18) on 22 October 1942 by Mare Island Naval Shipyard California; sponsored by Mrs. Otis J.
 The GE U33C is a 6-axle diesel-electric locomotive built by GE Transportation Systems between January 1968 and January 1975. 375 examples of this locomotive were built for 11 North American railroads and one construction contractor.
 The Petlyakov VI-100 (Visotnyi Istrebitel – high altitude fighter) was a fighter/dive bomber aircraft designed and built in the USSR from 1938.
 The Udet U 11 Kondor was a German four-engined airliner designed and built by Udet Flugzeugbau only one was built.
 SS Mission San Rafael was a Type T2-SE-A2 tanker built for the United States Maritime Commission during World War II. After the war she was acquired by the United States Navy as USS Mission San Rafael (AO-130). Later the tanker transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service as USNS Mission San Rafael (T-AO-130). She was a member of the Mission Buenaventura-class oiler and was named for Mission San Rafael Arcángel she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.
 The FFA Diamant (English: Diamond) is a family of Swiss high-wing T-tailed single-seat FAI Standard Class and Open class gliders that was designed by engineering students under supervision of Professor Rauscher at the ETH Zurich and manufactured by Flug- und Fahrzeugwerke Altenrhein AG (FFA) of Altenrhein Switzerland.The Diamant is noted as the first glider that was built entirely from fiberglass with no other materials such as balsa used as a sandwich.
 USS Tuscaloosa (CA-37) was a New Orleans-class heavy cruiser of the U.S. Navy. Commissioned in 1934 she spent most of her career in the Atlantic and Caribbean participating in several European wartime operations. In early 1945 she transferred to the Pacific and assisted in shore bombardment of Iwo Jima and Okinawa. She earned 7 battle stars for her service in World War II.
 The Asashio class submarine is a submarine class of Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force. This class is the successor of Ōshio.
 The Two-Point-Six replaced the Riley Pathfinder as Riley's top-line automobile. While its predecessor retained the Riley 4 cylinder twin cam cross flow engine the Two-Point-Six was almost identical to the Wolseley Six-Ninety Series III.
 ZIL-130 is a Soviet/Russian truck designed and developed by ZIL Moscow Russia. It replaced the older ZIL-164. First prototypes were built in 1958. Produced since 1962 mass-produced since 1964. Was one of the most popular cargo trucks in the USSR and Russia in total ZIL made 3380000 up to 1994. Since 1995 production moved to the Urals Motor Plant (UamZ renamed UamZ-43140).
 The Toyota Carina was an automobile manufactured by Toyota from December 1970 to 2000. It was introduced as a four-door counterpart of the Celica of which it originally shared a platform. Later it was realigned to the Corona platform but retained its performance image with distinctive bodywork and interior — aimed at the youth market and remaining exclusive to Japanese Toyota dealerships Toyota Store.
 The Yakovlev Yak-14 (NATO reporting name: Mare Russian: Як-14) was the largest assault glider ever to enter service with the Soviet Air Force. It was introduced in 1949 at a time when other air forces were abandoning the glider concept. In 1950 a Yak-14 became the first glider to fly over the North Pole.
 The RMS Rangitane was a passenger liner owned by the New Zealand Shipping Company. She was one of three sister ships (the other sisters were Rangitata and Rangitiki) delivered to the company in 1929 for the All-Red Route between Britain and New Zealand. Rangitane was built by John Brown & Company and launched on 27 May 1929.The three ships each displaced 16700 tons 530 feet in length and nearly 70 feet in the beam.
 USS Altamaha (AVG-18/ACV-18/CVE-18) was an escort aircraft carrier in the United States Navy during World War II. She was named for the Altamaha River in Georgia.Altamaha was laid down under a Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 235) on 19 December 1941 at Tacoma Washington by the Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Corporation; launched on 25 May 1942; sponsored by Mrs. Thomas S.
 Southern Railway 401 is a steam locomotive built in 1907 by the Baldwin Locomotive Works for the Southern Railway. It is a 2-8-0 Consolidation of Southern's H-4 class.
 SM U-31 was one of the 329 submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy in World War I.U-31 was engaged in the naval warfare and took part in the First Battle of the Atlantic.U-31 sailed from Wilhelmshaven on 13 January 1915 and disappeared shortly thereafter. It was assumed she had struck a mine and sunk with all hands somewhere in the North Sea. But six months after her supposed sinking she drifted ashore on the British east coast. The entire crew was dead.
 USS General Sherman (1864) was acquired from the U.S. War Department by the Union Navy during the American Civil War as a gunboat in waterways of the Confederate South. She was named after Gen. William T. Sherman.
 The second USS Commodore (SP-1425) was an armed motorboat that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1919.Commodore was built in 1917 by Herreshoff Manufacturing Company at Bristol Rhode Island as the civilian motorboat Herreshoff No. 318. The U.S. Navy acquired her in October 1917 for World War I service. She was commissioned as USS Commodore (SP-1425) in mid-November 1917.
 The TF-2000 class frigate is a projected anti-air warfare frigate currently undergoing development by the Turkish Naval Institute. The class will provide survivability in the presence of aerial threat and also support mission functions such as command control and communications reconnaissance early warning surface warfare anti-submarine warfare and electronic warfare.
 The General Dynamics (now Lockheed Martin) F-16 Fighting Falcon is a single-engine multirole fighter aircraft originally developed by General Dynamics for the United States Air Force (USAF). Designed as an air superiority day fighter it evolved into a successful all-weather multirole aircraft. Over 4500 aircraft have been built since production was approved in 1976. Although no longer being purchased by the U.S. Air Force improved versions are still being built for export customers.
 The Voith Maxima locomotives are a new family of diesel-hydraulic locomotives built by Voith Turbo Lokomotivtechnik GmbH & Co. KG. a subsidiary of Voith. The most powerful single-engined diesel-hydraulic locomotive in the world the Maxima 40CC is rated at 3600 kW. Initially two versions of a 6 axle C'C' machine were offered with medium speed engines from the Anglo-Belgian Corporation; the Maxima 30CC and Maxima 40CC.
 Resande Man was a Swedish warship that sank on 26 November 1660 in the Stockholm archipelago. 25 people survived the sinking while 37 people died. The ship was 27 meters long and had 22 cannons.The wreck was thought to have been found in 2009. New reports that the wreck was found came in May 2012.
 Locomotive 3112 is a two-cylinder simple non-condensing saturated coal-fired ‘Baltic’ type 4-6-4 steam C30 class tank locomotive for the New South Wales Government Railways built in 1914 by Beyer Peacock and Company.
 The Renault Zo is an open top car from Renault which was introduced in 1998 at the Geneva motor show.
 The Curtiss Model 22 Cox Racers were two specialised racing aircraft built by the American Curtiss Aeroplane and Motor Company. The type was flown as a monoplane biplane and triplane.
 The first USS Radford (DD–120) was a Wickes class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War I later reclassified AG-22. She was named for William Radford.
 The Aeros Mister X is a Ukrainian single-place paraglider that was designed and produced by Aeros of Kiev.
 German submarine U-331 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.The submarine was laid down on 26 January 1940 at the Nordseewerke yard at Emden launched on 20 December 1940 and commissioned on 31 March 1941 under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Freiherr Hans-Diedrich von Tiesenhausen. She would ultimately be tracked by the RAF and crippled before being destroyed by the Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm in late 1942 with the loss of most of her crew.
 The Baleares class are a group of five frigates built for the Spanish navy in the 1970s. The ships are a modified version of the American Knox class frigates. The key differences are the replacement of the Sea Sparrow PDMS and ASW helicopter facilities by Standard SAM and associated radars. They received a SPS-52B 3D search radar and one SPG-51 illuminator for the Standard SM-1 medium range SAM fired from a Mk22 16-round single arm launcher.
 German submarine U-556 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was laid down on 2 January 1940 at the Blohm & Voss yard in Hamburg as 'werk' 532 launched on 7 December 1940 and commissioned on 6 February 1941 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Herbert Wohlfarth who commanded her for her entire career. U-556 conducted only two patrols sinking six ships totalling 29552 tons and damaging one other of 4986 tons before she was sunk on 27 June 1941.
 The Eurocopter EC 725 Caracal (also named Super Cougar) is a long-range tactical transport helicopter developed from the Super Puma/Cougar family for military use. It is a twin-engined aircraft and can carry up to 29 seated troops along with two crew depending on customer configuration. The helicopter is marketed for troop transport casualty evacuation and combat search and rescue duties and is similar to the civilian EC 225.
 The Opel K-180 was manufactured by GM Argentina from 1974 until 1979. It was a variation of General Motors' T-car platform also used in the Opel Kadett Chevrolet Chevette and Isuzu Gemini. The K-180 differed from the Kadett in that it had an Argentinian-designed 1.8-litre engine. It was replaced by the GMC Chevette in 1980.
 The Suzuki DR-Z400 is a dual purpose motorcycle manufactured by Suzuki.
 The Plymouth Valiant is an automobile manufactured by the Plymouth division of Chrysler Corporation in the United States from 1960 to 1976. It was created to give the company an entry in the compact car market emerging in the late 1950s.
 HMAS Air Sprite (Y 256/SAR 6301) was an air-sea rescue vessel operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). She was an Australian-built version of the 63-foot (19 m) air-sea rescue vessels which the RAN operated during World War II with the only difference being that she was fitted with a lattice mast instead of the tripod masts in the older ships. Air Sprite was ordered in 1958 and was built by Lars Halvorsen and Sons in Sydney.
 The Supermarine Sea Urchin was an unbuilt British racing biplane flying boat designed by the Supermarine Aviation Works to compete in the 1924 Schneider Trophy. It was to be a single seat biplane powered by a Rolls-Royce Condor V-12 water-cooled engine buried in the fuselage driving a pusher propeller mounted on the upper wing via geared shafts. It was abandoned without being built owing to problems with the engine and the transmission required to drive the propeller.
 USS Advent (AM-83) was an Adroit-class minesweeper of the United States Navy. The ship was laid down on 18 August 1941 at Portland Oregon by the Commercial Iron Works; launched on 12 March 1942; and commissioned on 19 August 1942 Lt. K. A. Tuttle in command.
 USNS Private Leonard C. Brostrom (T-AK–255) was a cargo ship for the United States Navy that was converted into a heavy lift cargo ship in the early 1950s. She was built in 1943 for the United States Maritime Commission as SS Marine Eagle a Type C4-S-B1 tank carrier by Sun Shipbuilding during World War II. In 1948 she was transferred to the United States Army as USAT Private Leonard C. Brostrom after Leonard C. Brostrom a recipient of the Medal of Honor.
 German submarine U-194 was a Type IXC/40 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine built during World War II for service in the Atlantic Ocean. She was a short-lived vessel being sunk on her first and only operational war patrol. Completed in 1942 at Bremen U-194 was a U-boat with a very long cruising ability and six torpedo (four forward and two aft) tubes supplied by 22 torpedoes.
 Wylam Dilly is one of the two oldest surviving railway locomotives in the world; it was built circa 1815 by William Hedley and Timothy Hackworth for Christopher Blackett the owner of Wylam colliery. Wylam Dilly was initially designed for and used on the Wylam Waggonway (or Wagonway) to transport coal. The four driving wheels are connected by a train of spur wheels driven by a central crankshaft.
 The Peugeot Type 54 was an all-new model made in 1903. Producing 250 units in less than a year it was Peugeot's first considerable production effort. Front-engine design with rear-wheel drive made possible by a driveshaft was in its second year of use at Peugeot.With a new 652 cc engine 5 bhp (3.7 kW) was available. The Type 54 was a lightweight compact runabout that seated two which meant a maximum speed of 40 kilometres per hour (25 mph).
 The Spyker C12 Zagato is the second production car from the Dutch automobile manufacturer Spyker. The C12 Zagato is an all-aluminium mid-engine/rear-drive exotic luxury sportscar.On March 6 2007 Spyker announced the C12 Zagato at the Salon International de l'Auto in Geneva. The Milanese design house Zagato co-designed the model. The C12 Zagato featured all-new design elements inspired by Formula 1.
 The Auster Avis was a four-seat light aircraft developed from the Auster Autocrat. It featured a redesigned fuselage incorporating four doors and a circular cross-section towards the tail new undercarriage and new wing flaps. It was planned in two versions the Mk 1 for civil use and the Mk 2 for military and air ambulance duties. However only two prototypes were built and Auster abandoned the project in favour of the J-5 Autocar.
 The ALCO RSC-1 was a diesel-electric locomotive of the road switcher type rated at 1000 horsepower (750 kW) that rode on three-axle trucks having an A1A-A1A wheel arrangement.Used in much the same manner as its four-axle counterpart the ALCO RS-1 though the axle load was distributed for operation on light rail such as are found on branch lines.
 The Aviamilano P.19 Scricciolo (Italian: Wren) was a light civil trainer aircraft built in Italy in the 1960s.
 The Supermarine Scylla was a 1920s British biplane flying boat built by Supermarine.
 The Caproni Ca.101 was a three engine Italian airliner which later saw military use as a transport and bomber. It was designed in 1927 and first flown in 1928.
 USS Beagle was a schooner in the United States Navy during the 1820s. Beagle was purchased by the Navy on 20 December 1822 in Baltimore Maryland and commissioned early in 1823 Lieutenant John T. Newton in command.On 15 February 1823 the schooner put to sea from Hampton Roads Virginia in company with Commodore David Porter's squadron bound for the West Indies.
 The Hankyu 7300 series (阪急電鉄7300系) is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated in Japan by the private railway operator Hankyu Railway since 1982.
 The second Manuel Biplane was a simple biplane glider that was designed and built by Bill (W. L.) Manuel in the UK in the late 1920s. It mostly flew tethered as a kite in the propwash of a stationary powered aircraft.
 USLHT Amaranth was a schooner-rigged twin-screw wooden-hulled lighthouse tender of United States Lighthouse Service which served as a vessel of the United States Navy during World War I and as part of the United States Coast Guard during World War II.Authorized on 30 August 1890 the contract for the construction of Amaranth was signed on 10 May 1891.
 USS Valparaiso was a Navy vessel that was given a “second life” in her nautical career. During the start of the American Civil War she was destined to be used as a “stone ship” hazard to navigation sunk in a Southern harbor but the Union Navy reconsidered and put her to work as a stores ship supporting the blockade of the ports of the Confederate States of America.
 The Rocar De Simon U412 is a city bus model manufactured jointly by Rocar and De Simon in Romania. The model introduced in the mid-1990s is mostly used in Bucharest's bus network operated by RATB even though some U 412-260s are also used in other Romanian cities such as Braşov Cluj-Napoca and Oradea.
 Tatra T 810 is a medium truck made by Czech company Tatra. Unlike other Tatra trucks it doesn't use the traditional Tatra conception of backbone chassis and swinging half-axles but the customary truck architecture with conventional frame.
 The Suburban Multiple Units are a class of electric multiple units manufactured by Walkers Limited/Downer EDI Rail Maryborough for Queensland Rail's Citytrain division between 1994 and 2011. The Suburban Multiple Unit is divided into in three subclasses sets 201-212 as the 200 series sets 221-251 as the 220 series and sets 261-296 as the 260 series.
 USS Gamble (DD–123/DM-15) was a Wickes class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War I later converted to a minelayer in World War II. She was named for two brothers Lieutenant Peter Gamble and Lieutenant Colonel John M. Gamble.Gamble was launched 11 May 1918 by the Newport News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company Newport News Virginia; sponsored by Miss Evelyn H. Jackson relative of Secretary of the Navy Josephus Daniels; and commissioned at Norfolk 29 November 1918 Commander H.
 HMS Martin was a 16-gun sloop of the Royal Navy. She served at the Battle of Camperdown in 1797 and captured two privateers before she disappeared in 1800.
 The LNER Class Y1 was a class of 0-4-0 geared steam locomotives built by Sentinel Waggon Works for the London and North Eastern Railway and introduced in 1925. They passed into British Railways ownership in 1948 and were numbered 68130-68153 but 68134 was withdrawn almost immediately and may not have carried its BR number.
 USNS Robert E. Peary (T-AKE-5) is a Lewis and Clark-class dry cargo ship in the United States Navy. She is the fourth Navy ship named for Arctic explorer RAdm. Robert E. Peary (1856–1920).The contract to build Robert E. Peary was awarded to National Steel and Shipbuilding Company (NASSCO) of San Diego California on 27 January 2004. Her keel was laid down on 12 December 2006.
 The second USS Quinnebaug was a screw corvette in the United States Navy.Quinnebaug was completed under contract by Neafie & Levy at the Philadelphia Navy Yard but she is occasionally listed as a rebuilt version of the first Quinnebaug. She was launched on 28 September 1875 but completion was delayed due to lack of government appropriations and consequently the vessel did not enter commission until 2 October 1878 when Commander Norman H. Farquhar took command.
 Jarvis was a proposed American heavy-lift launch vehicle for space launch designed by Hughes Aircraft and Boeing during the mid-1980s as part of the joint United States Air Force (USAF)/National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Advanced Launch System study.
 HMS Caledonia was a British brig which saw service on the Great Lakes during the War of 1812. The Caledonia was built in Malden in Upper Canada for the North West Company and launched in 1807.
 HMS C18 was a British C class submarine built by HM Dockyard Chatham. She was laid down on 11 March 1907 and was commissioned on 23 July 1909.HMS C18 was sold on 26 May 1921 in Sunderland.
 The Panhard et Levassor Dynamic is a large car introduced by the French auto-maker Panhard et Levassor as a replacement for the company’s CS model at the Paris Motor Show in October 1936.
 HMS Byard was a Buckley class Captains class frigate during World War II. Named Sir Thomas Byard who commanded HMS Bedford at the Battle of Camperdown in 1797 during the French Revolutionary Wars.Originally destined for the US Navy HMS Byard was provisionally given the name USS Donaldson (this name was reassigned to DE 44) however the delivery was diverted to the Royal Navy before the launch.
 USS Freehold (SP-347) was a minesweeper and tug that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1919.Freehold was built as a commercial tug of the same name in 1903 by Neafie and Levy at Philadelphia Pennsylvania. On 17 September 1917 the U.S. Navy chartered her for use as a minesweeper and tug during World War I. She was commissioned on 22 September 1917 as USS Freehold (SP-347) with Ensign E. J.
 USS SC-1316 was a 110-foot submarine chaser in the United States Navy during World War II.The vessel was constructed and launched in 1943 in Nyack New York. SC-1316 later was converted to a fishing vessel and renamed Helen E.Helen E. was operated out of Coos Bay Oregon before it was grounded at Horsfall Beach near its home port. Someone burned the vessel after crews were unable to salvage Helen E.
 The fourth USS Vesuvius (AE-15) was laid down under a Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 1381) by the North Carolina Shipbuilding Company Wilmington N.C.; launched on 26 May 1944; acquired by the United States Navy on 4 July 1944; and commissioned on 16 January 1945 Comdr. Flavius J. George in command.
 The C3 is a bi-level coach railroad car built by Kawasaki. These cars began delivery in 1997 ordered by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority for the Long Island Rail Road. The rail cars are pulled by EMD DE30AC and EMD DM30AC over both electrified and non-electrified territory. The C3 cars are powered by 480 V AC Head End Power (HEP) supplied from the locomotive through four train lines.
 The RFB X-114 was a ground effect craft designed chiefly to operate over water but capable of flight at higher altitudes where required carrying five or six passengers or freight along coasts and capable of surveillance duties. One was evaluated by the German military in the late 1970s but no orders followed.
 The Sprite class were a class of spirit tankers that served with the Royal Fleet Auxiliary supporting the Royal Navy during the Second World War. They went on to support British and allied fleet units during the Cold War.
 The Dodge Zeo is a concept car revealed on 14 January 2008 and manufactured by Chrysler. The 2+2 car was introduced at the 2008 North American International Auto Show.Dodge unveiled a concept car second time at the Paris Motor Show in October 2008.
 HMCS Crescent was a Canadian C-class destroyer launched on 20 July 1944. She was one of 32 destroyers of that class built between 1943 and 1945 as part of the War Emergency Programme.
 USS Key (DE-348) was a John C. Butler-class destroyer escort acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. Her primary purpose was to escort and protect ships in convoy. Her other tasks included patrol and radar picket. Post-war she returned home proudly with one battle star to her credit.Key was launched 12 February 1944 by Consolidated Steel Corp. Orange Texas sponsored by Mrs. Ira F. Key mother of Lt. Key; and commissioned 5 June 1944 Lt. Comdr. F. D. Buckley in command.
 USS Hornet (CV/CVA/CVS-12) was a United States Navy aircraft carrier of the Essex class. Construction started in August 1942; she was originally named USS Kearsarge but was renamed in honor of the USS Hornet (CV-8) which was lost in October 1942 becoming the eighth ship to bear the name.Hornet was commissioned in November 1943 and after three months of training joined the U.S. forces in the Pacific War.
 The SPAD S.XIII was a French biplane fighter aircraft of World War I developed by Société Pour L'Aviation et ses Dérivés (SPAD) from the earlier highly successful SPAD S.VII. It was one of the most capable fighters of the war and one of the most-produced with 8472 built and orders for around 10000 more cancelled at the Armistice.
 The 3232 Class 20 2-4-0 locomotives designed by William Dean and built at Swindon Works for the Great Western Railway in 1892-3 were the GWR's last completely new 2-4-0 design. Their number series was 3232-3251 and they resembled Dean's own 2201 Class and thus also Armstrong's 806 Class though they had larger cylinders and a shorter wheelbase.
 The Aero AT-3 is a two-seat low wing utility aircraft manufactured in Poland in ready-to-fly certificated form and as a kitplane. The aircraft is of conventional configuration and features fixed tricycle undercarriage. The structure is largely of all-metal construction. It first flew in 1997 and deliveries to customers commenced in 2002. It is certified under European Very Light Aircraft regulation.
 The Hannover Bridge is one of the largest container vessels in the world. It is registered in Panama but has a Japanese ship-owner and German name.The ship carries containers which is the fastest developing sector in cargo shipping. Hannover Bridge was built in 2006 in the ship-yard of IHI Marine United in Kure Hiroshima Japan. The ship can carry 8212 TEUs according to company requirements but IMO claims that the vessel's capacity is larger than ten thousand.
 Caroline was a 200 ton ship. On October 19 1785 under the command of Captain Nicolas Baudin it left Nantes France transporting 80 Acadians to Louisiana. It landed at New Orleans on December 17 1785.
 The Honda CT series was a group of Honda trail bike motorcycles made since 1964. The CT designation is a slight exception in Honda nomenclature in that CT does not indicate a series of mechanically related bikes but rather a group of different bikes that are all for casual off-road use.
 The Alfa Romeo SZ (Sprint Zagato) or ES-30 (Experimental Sportscar 3.0 litre) is a high-performance limited-production sports car/road-concept car built between 1989 and 1991 with partnership via Centro Stile Zagato Centro Stile Alfa Romeo and Centro Stile Fiat. It was unveiled as ES-30 in 1989 Geneva Motor Show as a prototype by Zagato although the car was mainly built by them - not designed mechanically.
 An EMD MP15T is a 4-axle diesel switcher locomotive built by General Motors Electro-Motive Division between October 1984 and November 1987. Instead of a non-turbocharged 12-cylinder EMD 645 engine it uses a turbocharged 8-cylinder engine.
 HMS Persian was a Cruizer-class brig-sloop built by Daniel List and launched at Cowes in 1809. She captured two privateers before she wrecked in 1813.
 HMS Egeria was a 4-gun screw sloop of the Fantome class launched at Pembroke on 1 November 1873. She was named after Egeria a water nymph of Roman mythology and was the second ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name. After a busy career in the East Indies Pacific Australia and Canada she was sold for breaking in 1914 and was burnt at Burrard Inlet in British Columbia.
 Tamar class lifeboats are all-weather lifeboats (ALBs) operated by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) around the coasts of Great Britain and Ireland. They have replaced the majority of the older Tyne-class ALBs. The prototype was built in 2000 and 27 production boats were introduced between 2006 and 2013.The class name comes from the River Tamar in south west England which flows into the English Channel where they were manufactured by Babcock International Group.
 The Mazda RX-8 is a sports car which was manufactured by Mazda Motor Corporation. It first appeared in 2001 at the North American International Auto Show. It is the successor to the RX-7 and like its predecessors in the RX range it is powered by a Wankel engine. The RX-8 began North American sales in the 2004 model year. Mazda announced on August 23 2011 that RX-8 will be discontinued from production citing the 2011 model as the last line of production.
 The Clyde was a 1840-ton iron sailing ship with a length of 270.9 feet (82.6 m) breadth of 39 feet (12 m) and depth of 22.5 feet (6.9 m). She was built by Russell & Company Port Glasgow Scotland for the Nourse Line and named after the River Clyde flowing through Glasgow and launched on 25 July 1894. The Clyde was the last ship built for the Nourse Line. She was primarily used for the transportation of Indian indentured labourers to the colonies.
 The CANSA C.5 was a training biplane developed in Italy shortly before World War II. Its conventional open-cockpit tailskid design was produced en masse in Italy under license. Originally aimed at the civil market no sales ensued but CANSA found a customer in the Regia Aeronautica which placed an order for twelve aircraft in October 1939; six single-seaters and six two-seaters. This was followed by an order for fifty machines the following year.
 The Model 76 was a New Imperial Motors Ltd motorcycle marketed under the slogan The King of Motors between 1936 and 1939 when the company was turned over to wartime production.
 Rekordny launced in October 1954 was originally operated by the USSR Navy. It was subsequently bought by the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) and renamed the Anshan (Chinese: 鞍山号; pinyin: Ānshān hào). The ship was transferred to the People's Liberation Army Navy from the USSR in October 1954 along with three other former Gnevny-class destroyers of the Soviet Navy as part of a larger transfer deal which also saw the transfer of submarines minesweepers and torpedo boats.
 The Kamoi (神威) was an oiler/seaplane tender/flying boat tender of the Imperial Japanese Navy serving from the 1920s through World War II. She was initially planned in 1920 as one of six of the oilers under the Eight-eight fleet final plan.
 HMQS Gayundah was a flat-iron gunboat operated by the Queensland Maritime Defence Force and later the Royal Australian Navy (as HMAS Gayundah). She entered service in 1884 and was decommissioned and sold to a civilian company in 1921. She then served as sand and gravel barge for in Brisbane until the 1950s when she was scrapped. In 1958 Gayundah was run aground at Woody Point near Redcliffe to serve as a breakwater structure.
 The Caproni Bergamaschi PL.3 was designed and built in Italy to compete in the 1934 London to Melbourne air race. It was a single engine cantilever monoplane with clean lines retractable undercarriage and side-by-side seating for two. Though it was registered as a race entrant late delays prevented it from competing.
 The BMW K1600GTL and K1600GT are motorcycles announced by BMW Motorrad in July 2010and unveiled at the Intermot motorcycle show in Cologne in October 2010. The bikes went on sale in March 2011.The K1600GTL is a full dress luxury tourer which replaces the K1200LT and is intended to compete with the Honda Gold Wing. The K1600GT is more of a sport tourer similar to the existing K1300GT and previous K1200GT models.
 The Lexus IS is a series of entry-level luxury cars / compact executive cars sold by Lexus since 1998. The IS was introduced as an entry-level sport model slotted below the ES in the Lexus lineup (and outside of North America the Lexus GS). The IS was originally sold under the Toyota Altezza nameplate in Japan (the word altezza is Italian for highness) until the introduction of the Lexus brand and the second generation Lexus IS design in 2006.
 The Miles M.16 Mentor was a 1930s British single-engined three-seat monoplane training and communications aircraft built by Miles Aircraft Limited.
 USS President was a wooden-hulled three-masted heavy frigate of the United States Navy nominally rated at 44-guns. George Washington named her to reflect a principle of the United States Constitution. She was launched in April 1800 from a shipyard in New York City. President was one of the original six frigates whose construction the Naval Act of 1794 had authorized and she was the last to be completed.
 The 620/720 class railcars were a class of Diesel Multiple Unit built by the New South Wales Government Railways and operated from 1961 until 2007.
 HMS Sheldrake was a 10-gun Cherokee-class Royal Navy brig launched in 1825 at Pembroke. She was sold for scrap in 1855.
 The Ace Magic is an Indian ultralight trike designed by John Penry-Evans and produced by Ace Aviation of Tamil Nadu. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 HMS Godetia was a Arabis-class sloop of the Royal Navy Fishery Protection Squadron. She was launched in 1916 had a deep load displacement of 1350 tons and was broken up in 1937.For a short while she served in the Arctic and on 9 May 1923 a trawler from Hull – the Lord Astor – was seized by a Russian gunboat off the coast of Murmansk for alleged illegal fishing. The trawler was captured after Godetia returned briefly to Norway to re-coal and resupply.
 USS Phillips (SP-1389) later USS SP-1389 was a tug that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel during World War I.Phillips was a steam-powered tug built in 1901 by William R. Osborn at Croton New York. During the period of American participation in World War I the U.S.
 The R127/R134s are New York City Subway cars purpose-built by Kawasaki Heavy Industries in Kobe Japan for work train service. The R127s were built in 1990-1991 while the R134s were built in 1994-1996. These cars are very similar to the R62A cars and are built to IRT specifications. However they can be found on either division and are used as garbage train motors.
 SM UC-44 was a German Type UC II minelaying submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. The U-boat was ordered on 20 November 1915 and was launched on 10 October 1917. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 4 November 1916 as SM UC-44. In 6 patrols UC-44 was credited with sinking 29 ships either by torpedo or by mines laid.
 USS Quicksilver (SP–281) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Quicksilver was built by the Jahncke Navigation Company at New Orleans Louisiana. The U.S. Navy acquired her under charter from her owner Ernest Lee Jahncke for World War I service as a patrol vessel. Jahncke delivered her to the Navy on 24 May 1917 and she was commissioned as USS Quicksilver (SP-281).Quicksilver operated out of New Orleans on section patrol until late in World War I.
 The Mitsubishi Pajero Mini is a kei car produced by Mitsubishi Motors from December 1994 until June 2012.
 Derwentfield was an 8602 GRT tanker that was built as Empire Coral in 1941 by Sir J Laing & Sons Ltd Sunderland United Kingdom. She was built for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). In 1946 she was sold into merchant service and renamed Derwent River. Another sale in 1947 saw her renamed Derwentfield. She served until 1952 when she was severely damaged by an explosion and subsequent fire. In 1953 she was declared a constructive total loss and scrapped.
 USS Fitch (DD-462/DMS-25) a Gleaves-class destroyer was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Commander LeRoy Fitch an officer during the American Civil War.Fitch was launched on 14 June 1941 by Boston Navy Yard; sponsored by Mrs. H. W. Thomas grandniece of Commander Fitch; and commissioned on 3 February 1942 Lieutenant Commander Henry Crommelin in command. She was reclassified DMS-25 on 15 November 1944 and again classified DD-462 on 15 July 1955.
 The GE Dash 8-32B (also classified as B32-8 or D8-32B by some railroad companies) is a 4-axle 3150 hp (2350 kW) diesel-electric locomotive built by GE Transportation Systems between 1984 and 1989. It is part of the GE Dash 8 Series of freight locomotives.A total of 49 examples of the Dash 8-32B model were built for North American railroads. The model shares traits of the GE ES40DC and the EMD GP38-2.The GE Dash 8-32BWH (or B32-8WH) is a variant built for Amtrak service.
 SS Kommandøren was a steel-hulled passenger/cargo steamship built in Norway in 1891. She served as a communications link between the regional capital of Western Norway Bergen and the various communities of Sogn og Fjordane county.
 The American Airmotive NA-75 was an agricultural aircraft marketed in the United States in the 1960s created by remanufacturing military surplus Boeing Stearman trainers. The aircraft were fitted with a completely new high-lift wing and one of the cockpits was replaced by a chemical hopper. As of 1980 over 200 Stearmans had been modified in this way either by American Airmotive directly or via conversion kits that the company sold.
 HMAS St Giles (FY86) was a tugboat which was operated by the Royal Navy (RN) Royal Australian Navy (RAN) and the Australian shipping firms J. & A. Brown and the Waratah Tug and Salvage Company. She was built by Ferguson Shipbuilders Glasgow for the RN in 1919 was sold to J. & A. Brown in 1925 transferred to the Waratah Tug and Salvage Co Pty Ltd in 1931 and was commissioned into the RAN between 1940 and 1942 and 1945 and 1946 before being scrapped in 1956.
 HMS Leamington was a Hunt class minesweeper of the Royal Navy from World War I. She was originally named HMS Aldborough and renamed in 1919.
 HSwMS Fylgia was an armored cruiser of the Swedish Navy. She was launched on 20 December 1905 at Finnboda slip at Nacka and was used until 1953 when she was decommissioned. Upon her commissioning she was the smallest true armored cruiser in the world. She was commonly used as a cadet training ship following World War I.
 GMB Class 71 is an electric multiple unit used by Flytoget for the Airport Express Trains on the Gardermoen Line of Norway. Sixteen three-car train sets were built by Adtranz Strømmen between 1997 and 1998.
 MS Lofoten is a passenger vessel built in 1964 now operated by Hurtigruten in Norway. The ship is the second oldest vessel operated by the company after MS Nordstjernen and operates cruises around the coast of Norway and sometimes in the Svalbard archipelago. The vessel was protected in 2000 by the Norwegian Director General of Historic Monuments to preserve Norway's cultural heritage. She has been refitted several times—in 1980 1985 1995 and most recently in 2004.
 SM U-75 was one of the 329 submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy in World War I.U-75 was engaged in naval warfare and took part in the First Battle of the Atlantic.On her first mission U-75 laid the mine that sank the cruiser HMS Hampshire during her voyage to Russia carrying British Secretary of State for War Lord Kitchener. The cruiser sank at 59°07′N 03°24′W west of the Orkney Islands with heavy loss of life in a force 9 gale.
 MV Cape Ducato (T-AKR-5051) was delivered in September 1972 as MV Barranduna at Eriksberg Shipyard in Mekanisk Verkstad Sweden. She was acquired by the US Maritime Administration (MARAD) on November 18 1985 and renamed MV Cape Ducato. She was assigned to MARAD Ready Reserve Force (RRF) and is one of the Military Sealift Command's (MSC) 31 Roll-on/Roll-off ships and one of the 63 ships of the Sealift Program Office.
 Capitán Miranda (ROU 20) is a three-masted staysail schooner of the Uruguayan Navy.
 Nickel Plate Road 759 is an S-2 class 2-8-4 Berkshire fast freight steam locomotive preserved at Steamtown National Historic Site.
 The tenth generation Ford F-Series is a line of pickup trucks that was produced by Ford Motor Company from 1995 to 2003; it was sold from the 1997 to the 2004 model years. In a major product shift in the Ford truck lineup the F-250 and F-350 were split from the F-150. Released for the 1999 model year the newly branded Super Duty trucks wore a distinct body and chassis while still branded as F-Series trucks.
 The Vickers Wellesley was a British 1930s light bomber built by Vickers-Armstrongs at Brooklands near Weybridge Surrey for the Royal Air Force. While it was obsolete by the start of the Second World War and unsuited to the European air war the Wellesley was successfully used in the desert theatres of East Africa Egypt and the Middle East.
 The Mazda Persona (also sold as the Eunos 300) was a mid-sized front wheel drive sedan sold in Japan in the late 1980s. It used Mazda's MA platform and was replaced by the Efini MS-8 in March 1993.The Persona was Mazda's answer to the Toyota Carina ED a Japanese sedan that attempted to capture the hardtop look and proportion of large American sedans.
 William and Ann was a whaler and convict ship dispatched in 1791 from England to Australia. She was built in 1759 in England.Built at the King's Yard in 1759 she was 350 tons consisting of two decks. She was lengthened and raifed in 1767 becoming 370 tons a new upper part and thorough repairs were undertaken in 1785. Repairs to fix previous repair work were undertaken in 1789.
 The Wittelsbach-class battleships were a group of five pre-dreadnought battleships of the German Kaiserliche Marine (Imperial Navy). They were the first battleships produced under the Navy Law of 1898. The class was composed of the lead ship Wettin Zähringen Schwaben and Mecklenburg. All five ships were laid down between 1899 and 1900 and finished by 1904.
 The Sierra I class (NATO reporting name) or (Soviet design serial number) Project 945 (Барракуда/Barrakuda) nuclear submarine was the Soviet Union's successor class to the partly successful Project 705 Lira (Alfa) class submarine. The Sierra class has a light and strong titanium pressure hull which enables the class to dive to greater depths reduce the level of radiated noise and increase resistance to torpedo attacks. It is powered by a single OK-650 pressurized water reactor.
 The NASA recovery ships are two ships the MV Liberty Star and the MV Freedom Star that are tasked with retrieving spent Solid Rocket Boosters (SRBs) following the launch of Space Shuttle missions. Although owned by NASA the ships are currently operated by Space Flight Operations contractor United Space Alliance.
 HMS Vindex (D15) was a Nairana-class escort carrier of the Royal Navy that saw service during the Second World War. She was built at Swan Hunter shipyards in Newcastle upon Tyne. When construction started in 1942 she was intended as a merchant ship but was completed and launched as an escort carrier entering service at the end of 1943.Vindex operated escorting convoys and doing anti-submarine work in the Atlantic and Arctic theatres.
 Ivlia (bireme) is a modern reconstruction of an ancient Greek rowing warship (galley) with oars at two levels and an important example of experimental archaeology. Between 1989 and 1994 this vessel undertook six comprehensive international historical and geographical expeditions in the footsteps of the ancient seafarers.
 The Antonov An-38 is a stretched and upgraded version of Antonov's earlier An-28. It is a twin-engined turboprop transport aircraft designed by Antonov Design Bureau in Kiev Ukraine. Production takes place in Novosibirsk Russia but some crucial parts also made in Ukraine and Belarus. It first flew in 1994 and received international flight certification in April 2000. A total of eleven have been built and six remained in airline service as of August 2006.
 The Toyota Belta referred to in North American and Australian markets as the Toyota Yaris and in South Asian markets as the Toyota Vios is a subcompact sedan manufactured by Toyota. The successor to the discontinued Toyota Platz sedan the Belta has increased in size over the previous generation such that its interior volume is larger than the 2000–2007 Corolla. The Belta went on sale in Japan on November 28 2005 equipped with 1.0- to 1.3-liter engines.
 USRC Louisiana was a wood hull topsail schooner designed by William Doughty that served in the United States Revenue Cutter Service from 1819 to 1824. Assigned the homeport of New Orleans Louisiana she sailed the Caribbean extensively and was used mainly in antipiracy activity. She assisted her sister ship the USRC Alabama in the capture of the pirate vessel Bravo on 31 August 1819. On 2 November 1822 she assisted the USS Peacock with the capture of 5 pirate vessels in Cuban waters.
 The Potez 56 was a 1930s French executive transport monoplane built by Potez and later used as a military crew trainer and liaison aircraft.
 USS Jerauld (APA-174) was a Haskell-class attack transport acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II for the task of transporting troops to and from combat areas.
 HMS Weymouth was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built at Plymouth Dockyard to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment and launched on 18 February 1752.Weymouth served until 1772 when the decision was taken to have her broken up.
 Pacific Responder is a Responder-class oil-skimming vessel registered in Norfolk Virginia and based in San Francisco California.Pacific Responder and her sister ship California Responder operated off the coast of Louisiana in the Gulf of Mexico during the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. The vessels sailed to the gulf from their home ports in California to assist in the containment efforts.
 USS Armadillo (IX-111) the lead ship of her class of tanker was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the armadillo an insect-eating mammal which has an armorlike shell encasing its back and head. Her keel was laid down as Sidney Howard (T. Z-ET1-S-C3) under a Maritime Commission contract (MCE hull 1900) on 24 September 1943 at Wilmington California by the California Shipbuilding Company. She was launched on 26 October 1943 sponsored by Mrs. S.
 Latnik (Russian: Латник) was a Uragan-class monitor built for the Imperial Russian Navy in the mid-1860s. The design was based on the American Passaic-class monitor but was modified to suit Russian engines guns and construction techniques. She was one of two ships of the class to be built in Belgium and assembled in Russia. Spending her entire career with the Baltic Fleet the ship was only active when the Gulf of Finland was not frozen but very little is known about her service.
 Advertised in the 1932 Brough Superior catalog as the Brough Superior Straight Four but commonly known as the Brough Superior Austin Four was a special British motorcycle designed and manufactured byBrough Superior of Nottingham in 1932. It is unique that it was powered by a modified Austin 7 automobile engine through a Austin 7 gearbox. It is a water-cooled flathead inline four-cylinder motorcycle. It was designed and made for sidecar use.
 The F1 is a road-going sports model that Norton based on its RCW588 racing motorcycle. The F1 was offered in only one livery: black with gold decals and grey and gold stripes to reflect John Player's sponsorship of Norton's race team. It was distinctive for using a 588 cc liquid-cooled twin-rotor Wankel engine. This unit was developed from the motor in the Norton Commander.
 The sixth generation of the BMW 5 Series the (F10) debuted 23 November 2009 as a 2010 model. The Station Wagon/Touring version carries the chassis code F11 while the Gran Turismo hatchback style is known by F07. This chassis is shared with the 7 Series (F01) and the 6 Series (F12/F6).
 HMS Trespasser was a British submarine of the third group of the T class. She was built as P312 by Vickers Armstrong Barrow and launched on 29 May 1942. So far she has been the only ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name Trespasser.She was one of only two T-class submarines completed without an Oerlikon 20 mm anti-aircraft gun the other being HMS P311.
 VL Myrsky (English: Storm) was a Finnish World War II fighter designed by the State Aircraft Factory (Valtion lentokonetehdas) for the Finnish Air Force. The models of the aircraft were Myrsky I Myrsky II and Myrsky III.
 MS Stena Nautica is a ro-pax ferry currently in operation between Varberg and Grenå for Stena Line. She was built in 1986 as MS Niels Klim and served on the DSB Arhus - Kalundborg along with her sister MS Peder Paars until 1991.
 USS Federal (ID 3657) was a freighter acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was completed at the end of the war and supplied Allied troops in Europe with food and horses and on return trips to the United States brought troops back home. After three round transatlantic trips in supporting the troops she was returned to the U.S. Shipping Board which eventually sold her in 1937.
 Vladivostok is an amphibious assault ship of the French Mistral class currently under construction for the Russian Navy.The Russian government placed an order for the ship in 2011. The construction of the ship will be shared between the countries with France building about 60 percent and Russia 40. Work started in France Saint-Nazaire on 1 February 2012 and in the Russian Baltiysky Zavod shipyard in St. Petersburg in October 2012. Russia will send its parts to France for final assembling.
 Spirit is a scooterette manufactured in India by Bajaj Auto a motorised vehicle manufacturing company. It is powered by a two stroke sixty cc single cylinder air cooled engine. It has a two speed automatic transmission with kick/electrically started ignition. It was launched in 1999 targeted targetted at the youth segment Spirit is ideal for college students. As it is light in weight women can also ride it.
 HMS Veteran was a 64-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 14 August 1787 at East Cowes. She was designed by Sir Edward Hunt and was the only ship built to her draught.In 1801 Veteran was present at the Battle of Copenhagen as part of Admiral Sir Hyde Parker's reserve fleet.She was broken up in 1816.
 The Harmonie was a 44-gun Virginie class frigate of the French Navy.She was beached and scuttled by fire at Saint Domingue on 16 April 1797 to avoid captured by HMS Thunderer and HMS Valiant
 The Junkers J 21 (manufacturer's sales designations T 21 and H 21) was a reconnaissance aircraft designed in Germany in the early 1920s and produced in the Soviet Union at the Junkers plant at Fili for use by the Soviet Air Force.
 Soviet submarine K-431 (originally the Soviet submarine K-31) was a Soviet nuclear-powered submarine that had a reactor accident on 10 August 1985. An explosion occurred during refueling of the submarine at Chazhma Bay Vladivostok. There were ten fatalities and 49 other people suffered radiation injuries. TIME magazine has identified the accident as one of the world's worst nuclear disasters.
 HMS P32 was a Royal Navy U-class submarine built by Vickers-Armstrong at Barrow-in-Furness. The submarine left Malta on 12 August 1941 for a patrol area near Tripoli. Six days later she sighted a small Italian convoy of five merchant ships protected by destroyers and torpedo boats heading towards the port. P32 and two other U-class submarines attempted to attack the convoy.
 The Windsolite was a small oil tanker launched in 1927.Her service was on the North American Great Lakes.
 HNoMS Ula previously HMS Varne a British-built U class submarine and a member of the third group of that class to be built. She never actually served under the name Varne being transferred before commissioning to the exiled Royal Norwegian Navy as HNoMS Ula (S300). In 1944 she sank a German U-boat during one of her patrols off Norway. She remained in Norwegian service and was scrapped in 1965.
 USCGC Dexter (WAVP-385) originally WACG-18 later WHEC-385 was a Casco-class United States Coast Guard Cutter in service from 1946 to 1952 and from 1958 to 1968. She was the fourth ship of the United States Revenue Cutter Service or United States Coast Guard to bear the name.
 The Alstom Metropolis C751C together with the Alstom Metropolis C830C are the third generation of communication-based train control (CBTC) rolling stock to be used in Singapore’s Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) lines. The contract worth S$234.9 million was awarded to Alstom (as part of turnkey contract C751C) by the Land Transport Authority (LTA) in Singapore to supply additional trains for the North East MRT Line. The train a total of 18 trainsets of 6 cars will be delivered starting from 2015.
 USCGC Point Roberts (WPB-82332) was an 82-foot (25 m) Point class cutter constructed at the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay Maryland in 1962 for use as a law enforcement and search and rescue patrol boat. Since the Coast Guard policy in 1961 was not to name cutters under 100 feet (30 m) in length it was designated as WPB-82332 when commissioned and acquired the name Point Roberts in January 1964 when the Coast Guard started naming all cutters longer than 65 feet (20 m).
 The Sikorsky X2 is an experimental high-speed compound helicopter with coaxial rotors developed by Sikorsky Aircraft.
 HMS Grappler was an Albacore-class gunboat of the Royal Navy. She served on what is now the British Columbia Coast from 1859 until sold into commercial service in 1868. She sank with significant loss of life as result of a fire in 1883.
 The London Midland and Scottish Railway Fowler Class 7F was a class of 0-8-0 steam locomotives. They were a Midlandised version of the London and North Western Railway (LNWR) Class G2 and Class G2A 0-8-0s. They were also classified as Class G3 under the former LNWR system.[citation needed] The class were sometimes known as 'Baby Austins' or Austin 7s after a motor car that was becoming popular at the time.
 The Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.10 (also known as the Høver M.F.10 after its designer) was a military trainer seaplane built in Norway in 1929.
 USS Tillman (DD-641) a Gleaves-class destroyer was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for United States Senator Ben Tillman.Tillman was laid down on 1 May 1941 at the Charleston Navy Yard; launched on 20 December 1941 sponsored by Mrs. Charles Sumner Moore; and commissioned on 4 June 1942 Lieutenant Commander Francis Douglas McCorkle in command.
 HMAS Duchess was a Daring-class destroyer that served in the Royal Navy as HMS Duchess from 1952 to 1964 and in the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) from 1964 to 1980.Commissioned into the Royal Navy in 1952 Duchess operated with the British Home Fleet and in the Mediterranean was involved in the 1956 Suez Crisis and served as part of the Far East Strategic Reserve. Following the Melbourne-Voyager collision Duchess was loaned to the RAN in 1964 as a temporary replacement for HMAS Voyager.
 The seventh generation Ford F-Series was a line of pickup trucks and medium-duty commercial trucks produced from 1979 to 1986. For the first time since 1965 the pickup trucks were based upon a completely new chassis and body. Distinguished by its squarer look sharper lines and flatter panels the trucks were designed with improved fuel efficiency in mind; to this end Ford added its new AOD automatic overdrive (four-speed) transmission as an option on light-duty models.
 USS Skylark (AM-63) was an Auk-class minesweeper built for the United States Navy during World War II. She earned three battle stars during World War II. Skylark was mined and sunk off Okinawa in April 1945. She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register the same day.
 USS Dorsey (DD–117) reclassified DMS-1 on 19 November 1940 was a Wickes class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War I. She was named for John Dorsey.Dorsey was launched 9 April 1918 by William Cramp & Sons Philadelphia Pennsylvania; sponsored by Mrs. A. Means distant relative of Midshipman Dorsey; and commissioned 16 September 1918 Commander G. F. Neal in command.
 German submarine U-540 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She was laid down at the Deutsche Werft (yard) in Hamburg as 'werk' 361 on 12 May 1942 launched on 18 December and commissioned on 10 March 1943 with Kapitänleutnant Lorenz Kasch in command.U-540 began her service career with training as part of the 4th U-boat Flotilla from 10 March 1943.
 The Moskvitch G5 was a Formula One car from Moskvitch released in 1965. It was to be fitted with an engine called GD-1 an eight-cylinder 1500 cc DOHC engine giving 200 hp (150 kW) at 10500 rpm. Already during the first test the engine produced 162 hp (121 kW) at 6000 rpm. The engine was fitted with four dual Weber carburettors and the total weight was 158 kg (348 lb). The G5 was also the first Russian car with disk brakes on all wheels. The fibreglass body was designed using a wind tunnel.
 The Fairchild M-84 was a four-seat cabin aircraft designed using PT-19 components.
 The Adjutant class minesweepers were built by the United States in the early 1950s then loaned to foreign countries under the Military Defense Assistance Pact. Initially classified as motor minesweepers (AMS) in February 1955 they were reclassified as coastal minesweepers (MSC).
 The Baureihe 103 is a class of electric locomotives in Germany originally operated by Deutsche Bundesbahn. For a long period they were perceived as flagships of the DB rolling stock.
 The 648-foot Roll-on/roll-off and container ship MV Cape Ray (T-AKR-9679) built in 1977 was previously known as MV Saudi Makkah and MV Seaspeed Asia. She can carry 1315 containers and has both bow and stern thrusters.After being acquired in 29 April 1994 MV Cape Ray (T-AKR-9679) was in the Ready Reserve Force. She is generally used to transport vehicles to war zones from the United States.
 The Xanthus-class repair ships were a class of five auxiliary ships built for the United States Navy and Royal Navy. Ships of the class served in a diverse range of environments in varying capacities during both World War II and the Korean War. Xanthus-class ships were in commission between 1945–1955.
 The Caudron C.161 was a lightweight French two-seat biplane designed by Caudron for sport or flight training use. A conventional biplane with a square fuselage powered by a 65 hp (48 kW) Salmson radial engine. It had two cockpits in tandem with dual controls in both when not used as a trainer the controls could be removed from the rear cockpit. A variant the C.168 with a more powerful 70 hp (52 kW) Anzani radial engine was also available.
 USS SC-25 until July 1920 known as USS Submarine Chaser No. 25 or USS S.C. 25 was an SC-1-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I. SC-25 was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn New York. She was commissioned on 16 October 1917 as USS Submarine Chaser No. 25 abbreviated at the time as USS S.C. 25. When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920 Submarine Chaser No.
 The SZD-14X Jaskółka M was a single-seat glider designed and built in Poland at Szybowcowy Zakład Doświadczalny - Glider Experimental Works in Bielsko-Biała in 1954. This was an experimental prototype and only one unit was constructed.
 The Z16 class (formally D.261 class) was a class of steam locomotives built for the New South Wales Government Railways in Australia.
 The Fairchild AC-119G Shadow and AC-119K Stinger were twin-engine piston-powered gunships developed by the United States during the Vietnam War. They replaced the Douglas AC-47 Spooky and operated alongside the early versions of the AC-130 Spectre gunship.
 The second HMS Manchester was a Town-class light cruiser of the Royal Navy belonging to the Gloucester subclass. She was laid down by Hawthorn Leslie at Hebburn in March 1936 launched in April the following year and commissioned in August 1938. She had a relatively short but active career.
 The South African Class KM 0-6-0+0-6-0 of 1904 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Transvaal.In 1904 the Central South African Railways placed a single experimental 0-6-0+0-6-0 Kitson-Meyer type articulated steam locomotive in service classified as Class M. In 1912 when the locomotive was assimilated into the South African Railways it was renumbered and reclassified to Class KM.
 X-1 (or SS X-1) was the United States Navy's only midget submarine (but see the NR-1 Deep Submergence Craft) laid down on 8 June 1954 at Deer Park Long Island New York by the Engine Division of Fairchild Engine and Airplane Corporation launched on 7 September 1955 at Oyster Bay Long Island by Jakobson Shipyard; delivered to the Navy on 6 October at New London Connecticut and placed in service on 7 October 1955 with Lieutenant Kevin Hanlon in command.
 USS Wagner (DE-539) was a John C. Butler-class destroyer escort acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. The primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy in addition to other tasks as assigned such as patrol or radar picket. Wagner (DE-539) was laid down on 8 November 1943 at Boston Massachusetts by the Boston Navy Yard; launched on 27 December 1944; and sponsored by Mrs. Alfred Thomas.
 The G class were a class of diesel locomotives built by English Electric Rocklea for the Midland Railway of Western Australia in 1963. They were later sold to the Western Australian Government Railways.
 The Suzuki RG250 was a two cylinder 250 cc two-stroke touring motorcycle produced by Suzuki Motor Corporation from 1978 until 1982. First released in 1978 with the RG125 and RG250 to replace the popular GT125 and GT185. The RG250 was a completely new bike when compare to the GT series.The success of the RG250 was followed by the release of the RG250 Gamma in 1983.
 The Comeng train is a type of electric train that operates on the suburban railway network of Melbourne Australia. They first appeared on the network in VicRail teacup livery in 1981 to replace the last of the 60 year old Tait trains. More were ordered after the failed refurbishment and subsequent withdrawal of the Harris trains. In total 570 carriages (380 motor cars and 190 trailer cars) were built by Comeng Dandenong.
 The Hazelton was a sternwheeler that worked on the Skeena River in British Columbia Canada from 1901 until 1912. Her first owner was Robert Cunningham who ran a freighting business that served the communities along the Skeena River.
 The Fiat Strada is a supermini coupé utility produced by the Italian manufacturer Fiat since 1996. It is based on Fiat's world car project the Palio. It is produced by Fiat Automóveis in Brazil and has been marketed worldwide (excluding the United States where the American light truck industry is protected from imports).
 State of Pennsylvania was a steamboat that was built in Wilmington Delaware in 1923 along with her identical sister ship State of Delaware. The steamboat operated on the Delaware River between her homeport of Wilmington and the cities of Chester and Philadelphia in Pennsylvania as well as Riverview Park in Pennsville New Jersey. Regular service on these routes was stopped in 1960. The boat foundered near her dock on the Christina River in 1970.
 The San Esteban was a ship of the Spanish Armada that was wrecked on the west coast of Ireland in 1588. All the survivors were killed when they reached the shore or taken prisoner and later hanged.
 The Furness Railway 115 class was a class of five 4-6-4 (or Baltic) tank locomotives of the Furness Railway. They were designed by David Rutherford and built by Kitson and Company in 1920-1921. They were nicknamed Jumbos and the author Bob Rush gave them the unofficial classification N1. Their main duty was to haul express passenger trains between Carnforth and Whitehaven.They were the only Baltic tank locomotives in Britain with inside cylinders and the only ones to lack a superheater.
 USS Hoga (YT-146/YTB-146/YTM-146) was a United States Navy Woban-class district harbor tug named after the Sioux Indian word for fish. After World War II the tug was known as the Port of Oakland and then the City of Oakland when she was a fireboat in that city.Authorized on 18 June 1940 she was built by the Consolidated Shipbuilding Corporation in Morris Heights New York. Her keel was laid on 25 July 1940. Launched on 31 December 1940 she was christened Hoga (YT-146).
 MV Dubai Moon was a cargo ship which sank on (or soon after) May 21 2010 due to strong waves caused by a tropical storm. The ship was carrying vehicles in the Gulf of Aden when she was struck by Cyclone Bandu which pushed it off the track. The ship sent a distress call which was picked by Royal Navy frigate HMS Chatham. 23 crew members were rescued by the Westland Lynx helicopter from Chatham before Dubai Moon sank.
 The MS Sirena Seaways (formerly the Dana Sirena) is a RoPax ferry operating between Harwich and Esbjerg for DFDS. Hull construction is steel with aluminum alloy superstructure. Initially christened MS Golfo Dei Delfini she was acquired by DFDS before entering service and rebuilt with extra passenger accommodation. In 2013 a DFDS rebranding exercise saw her name change to Sirena Seaways.
 John Lyras was a 7513 GRT heavy lift ship that was built in 1942 as Empire Elaine by Vickers-Armstrongs Ltd Barrow in Furness Lancashire United Kingdom for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). She spent most of the Second World War serving in the Indian Ocean although she did visit the Mediterranean to take part in Operation Husky and Operation Dragoon.In 1947 she was sold into merchant service and renamed John Lyras. In 1959 she was sold to a Panamania owner.
 The FMA SAIA 90 was an air superiority aircraft designed by the FMA (Fabrica Militar de Aviones) with the collaboration of Dornier in the mid-1980s. The SAIA 90 which was the last stage of the ACA (Avión Caza Argentino) project which was started by the Proceso de Reorganización Nacional to develop an Argentine fighter aircraft.The three stages of the project were: The IA 63 Pampa a trainer/attack aircraft which was the only of the three to reach production.
 The Mercury Mountaineer was a mid-size luxury sport utility vehicle (SUV) that was sold by the Mercury division of Ford Motor Company from 1997 until 2010. Sharing many of its features with the Ford Explorer the vehicles were virtually identical in terms of hardware. Externally they were styled somewhat differently and the Mountaineer was positioned with a more upscale interior with the Mountaineer's MSRP coming in at $1000–$6000 more than the Explorer.
 The Peugeot 208 is a supermini car (B-segment) produced by the French automaker Peugeot and unveiled at the Geneva Motor Show in March 2012. The first 208s were three door hatchbacks produced in 2011 at the company's new plant in Slovakia. In June 2012 as five door hatchbacks became available production of the 208 also commenced at Peugeot's French plants at Mulhouse and at Poissy.
 HMS Acheron (P411) was an Amphion-class submarine of the Royal Navy laid down 26 August 1944 launched 25 March 1947 and completed in 1948. She took part in the Coronation Review of the Fleet to celebrate the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II in 1953. She carried out 'General Naval Service' around the UK until the end of 1964. For the next 2 years she was loaned to the Canadian Navy.[citation needed] She was decommissioned and broken up in 1972 at the yard of J Cashmore of Newport.
 HMS Ajax was a Leander class light cruiser which served with the Royal Navy during World War II. She became famous for her part in the Battle of the River Plate the Battle of Crete the Battle of Malta and as a supply escort in the Siege of Tobruk. This ship was the eighth in the Royal Navy to bear the name. In February 1942 she was adopted by the civil community of Halifax.
 The Ōnami (大波) was a Yūgumo-class destroyer of the Imperial Japanese Navy. Her name means Billow Wave (Big Rough Waves).On the night of 24–25 November 1943 Ōnami led a troop transport/evacuation run to Buka Island. In the Battle of Cape St. George she was torpedoed by USS Charles Ausburne Claxton and/or Dyson 55 miles (100 km) east-southeast of Cape St. George (05°15′S 153°49′E). Ōnami blew up and sank with all hands including ComDesDiv 31 (Captain Kagawa Kiyoto).
 The Short 330 (also SD3-30) is a small transport aircraft produced by Short Brothers. It seats up to 30 people and was relatively inexpensive and had low maintenance costs at the time of its introduction in 1976. The 330 was based on the SC.7 Skyvan.
 MV Cenwulf was one of Wightlink's 'C' class vehicle and passenger ferries on their route from Lymington to Yarmouth on the Isle of Wight.
 SMS Leipzig was a flush-deck corvette the lead ship of her class built by the German Imperial Navy; she had one sister ship SMS Prinz Adalbert. She was named after the Battle of Leipzig in 1813 rather than after the city of Leipzig.She was laid down in 1874 launched in 1875 and completed in 1877. She was converted into a 'cruiser frigate' (German: kreuzerfregatte) in 1884. She served abroad until 1893 and frequently became involved in German colonialism and gunboat diplomacy.
 Salyut 3 (Russian: Салют-3; English: Salute 3; also known as OPS-2 or Almaz 2) was a Soviet space station launched on 25 June 1974. It was the second Almaz military space station and the first such station to be launched successfully. It was included in the Salyut program to disguise its true military nature.
 SS A. J. Cermak (Hull Number 1836) was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II. She was named after Anton Cermak who was mayor of Chicago from 1931 until his assassination in 1933.The ship was laid down on 9 November 1943 then launched on 30 November 1943. The ship survived the war only to suffer the same fate as nearly all other Liberty ships that survived did; she was scrapped in 1964.
 M/S Princesa Marissa was a cruise ship owned and operated by the Cyprus-based Louis Cruise Lines. She was built in 1966 by Wärtsilä Helsinki Shipyard Helsinki Finland as the RORO car/passenger ferry M/S Finnhansa for Finnlines Finland. The ship has also sailed under the colours of Birka Line as M/S Prinsessan.
 USS Joseph Hewes (FF-1078) was a Knox class frigate of the US Navy. Constructed by Avondale Shipyard Westwego Louisiana and laid down 14 May 1969 launched 7 March 1970 and delivered 6 April 1971. She was commissioned 24 April 1971 christened by Mrs. Caroline Groves Gayler decommissioned 30 June 1994 and struck 11 January 1995.
 USS Pitkin (AK-204) was an Alamosa-class cargo ship that was constructed for the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. By the time she was scheduled for commissioning the war’s end caused her to be declared “excess to needs” and she was returned to the U.S. Government and struck by the Navy.
 The Gloire-class ironclads were a group of three wooden-hulled armored frigates built for the French Navy in the late 1850s and early 1860s. Gloire the lead ship of the class was the first ocean-going ironclad warship to be built by any country. The ships of the Gloire class were classified as armoured frigates because they only had a single gun deck and their traditional disposition of guns arrayed along the length of the hull also meant that they were broadside ironclads.
 The Volvo C70 is a convertible manufactured by Volvo Cars in two generations: the first from model years 1997-2002 as coupé and from 1999 to 2006 as a softtop convertible. The second generation C70 was produced from 2006 to 2013 and marketed as a luxury retractable hardtop convertible.
 The HTMS Makut Rajakumarn is a frigate operated by the Royal Thai Navy. The ship was built by Yarrow Shipbuilders in Glasgow Scotland 1971. The ship entered service in 1973 and is currently (2010) in service as a training ship.The design was based on the Malaysian frigate KD Rahmat but is larger and has a second gun at the stern.
 The Checker Marathon was an automobile produced by the Checker Motors Corporation of Kalamazoo Michigan between 1961 and 1982.Marathons were produced in both four-door sedan and four-door station wagon forms and the rare eight-door 12-seater Aerobus wagon.
 The Airedale was an English automobile made in Esholt near Shipley West Yorkshire. It was the successor to the Tiny made by Nanson Barker & Co from 1911 to the outbreak of war in the same town.After the war in 1919 a larger car was developed and the company name changed to Airedale. This new model was rated at 12 hp and had a 1795 cc four-cylinder overhead-valve Dorman KNO engine with Zenith carburettor producing 22 bhp (16 kW; 22 PS) at 1500 rpm.
 The LIBIS KB-11 Branko was a 1950s Yugoslavian four-seat monoplane designed by Letalski Institut Branko Ivanus Slovenija.
 USS Commodore McDonough (1862) was a ferryboat acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. Ferryboats were of great value since – because of their flat bottom and shallow draft — they could navigate streams and shallow waters that other ships could not.
 The Exkluziv Joker is a Slovakian ultralight trike that was designed by Jindrich Zahumensky and produced by Exkluziv sro of Topoľčany. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 USS Combat (AMc-69) was an Accentor-class coastal minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.Combat formerly named Comrade was launched 6 October 1941 by Hogdon Bros. Goudy and Stevens East Boothbay Maine; sponsored by Miss C. Goudy; and placed in service 24 February 1942 Lieutenant (junior grade) D. A. Mitchell USNR in charge.
 The Campbell-Napier-Railton Blue Bird was a land speed record car driven by Malcolm Campbell. After Henry Segrave's Golden Arrow clearly a more powerful engine was required for Blue Bird with a chassis and transmission to handle it. A supercharged Napier Lion VIID was used with over three times the power of the previous Blue Bird and a large premium over Golden Arrow's unsupercharged 900 hp (670 kW) Lion VIIA.
 HMS Rotherham (H09) was a R-class destroyer of the British Royal Navy during the Second World War named after Captain Edward Rotheram who commanded HMS Royal Sovereign during at the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805. Rotherham was completed in 1942 and equipped as a flotilla leader having slightly reduced armament to allow for the increased complement and working space required.
 The Furutaka-class cruisers (古鷹型巡洋艦 Furutaka-gata jun'yōkan) were a class of two Japanese heavy cruisers which saw service during World War II. Both vessels of this class were sunk in 1942.
 Vortigern was a 4797 GRT combined train and RO-RO ferry which was built by Swan Hunter in 1969 for the British Railways Board. She was sold to Greece in 1988 and served until 2004 under the names Milos Express Express Milos and Nisos Lemnos. She was renamed Limnos in 2004 and reflagged to Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. Limnos was scrapped in 2005.
 SS Verona was an Italian passenger steamer built in 1908 by Workman Clark & Co. Ltd. Belfast and operated by the Navigazione Generale Italiana of Genoa. The SS Ancona was her sistership.On 11 May 1918 the ship left Messina for Tripoli with on board some 3000 soldiers most of them deserters which were sent to a detention camp in the Italian colony of Libya.
 The North American A-5 Vigilante was a carrier-based supersonic bomber designed and built by North American Aviation for the United States Navy. Its service in the nuclear strike role to replace the Douglas A-3 Skywarrior was very short; however as the RA-5C it saw extensive service during the Vietnam War in the tactical strike reconnaissance role. Prior to the unification of the Navy designation sequence with the Air Force sequence in 1962 it was designated the A3J Vigilante.
 The Waco CG-13 was an American military transport glider aircraft developed during World War II. Wright Field Glider Branch realized a need for a glider larger than the CG-4A and requested designs. The response by several companies produced designs for five larger gliders.
 HMS Ashanti was a Tribal-class destroyer of the Royal Navy. Following the style of her sister ships she was named for an ethnic group in this case the Ashanti people of the Gold Coast in West Africa. She served in the Second World War and was broken up in 1949. She was the first of two Royal Navy ships to bear the name Ashanti.
 SST-1 redirects here. For the experimental device see SST-1 (tokamak).USS Mackerel (SST-1) originally known as USS T-1 (SST-1) was the lead ship of the T-1-class of training submarines. She was the second submarine of the United States Navy named for the mackerel a common food and sport fish and was in service from 1953 to 1973. She was one of the smallest operational submarines ever built for the U.S. Navy.
 The BYD electric bus or BYD ebus called K9 in China is an all-electric bus model manufactured by BYD powered with its self-developed Iron-phosphate battery allegedly featuring the longest drive range of 250 km (155 miles) on one single charge under urban road conditions. BYD electric bus rolled off line on September 30 2010 in Changsha city of Hunan province. This pure electric bus is another renewable energy vehicle by BYD following its models like F3DM F6DM and e6.
 USS Rhode Island (BB-17) was a Virginia-class battleship of the United States Navy. She was the second ship to carry her name.Rhode Island was launched on 17 May 1904 by Fore River Shipbuilding Company Quincy Massachusetts sponsored by Mrs. F. O. Dumaine wife of one of the Directors of Fore River Shipbuilding Company; and commissioned on 19 February 1906 Captain Perry Garst in command.
 The Mitsubishi i (三菱・i Mitsubishi i) is a kei car from automaker Mitsubishi Motors first released in January 2006 twenty eight months after its debut at the 2003 Frankfurt Motor Show.
 The 883 series (883系) is an AC electric multiple unit (EMU) tilting train type operated on Sonic limited express services by Kyushu Railway Company (JR Kyushu) in Japan since April 1995.
 The Córas Iompair Éireann 501 Class locomotives were built in 1955 by Walker Brothers Limited of Wigan Lancashire for use on the narrow gauge (3 feet) lines on the West Clare section of CIÉ. They were small diesel mechanical locomotives of 0-4-0+0-4-0 wheel arrangement.
 The Tucumcari (PGH-2) was a Boeing-built hydrofoil. Named after Tucumcari New Mexico it was the basis for the technology used in the subsequent Pegasus-class patrol boats and the Jetfoil ferries. Its unique feature was a waterjet propulsion and a computer-controlled fully submerged foil configuration of one foil at the bow and foils on the port and starboard sides.
 JDS Amatsukaze (DDG-163) was a guided-missile destroyer (DDG) of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF) and the only ship of her class. She was the first Japanese surface combatant equipped with surface-to-air missiles. She was launched on 5 October 1963 and decommissioned in 1995.Amatsukaze was planned as the DDG variant of the preceding Akizuki-class anti-aircraft destroyers mounting the American Tartar Guided Missile Fire Control System weapon system.
 SMS Greif was an aviso built by the Imperial German Navy (Kaiserliche Marine) the only ship of her class. She was built at the Germaniawerft shipyard in Kiel; her keel was laid in 1885 she was launched in July 1886 and she was commissioned in July 1887. Unlike the other avisos built by Germany Greif was equipped only with a gun armament.
 USS F-4 (SS-23) was a F-class submarine. Her keel was laid down by the Moran Brothers of Seattle Washington. She was originally named Skate making her the first ship of the United States Navy named for the skate. She was renamed F-4 on 17 November 1911. She was launched on 6 January 1912 sponsored by Mrs. M.F. Backus; and commissioned on 3 May 1913 with Lieutenant (junior grade) K.H. Donavin in command.
 The I.S.T. L-17 Masang was a two seat single engine low wing monoplane aircraft designed and built in the Philippine Republic in the mid-1950s. It was intended for both touring and training.
 K XII was a K XI class patrol submarines of the Royal Netherlands Navy. The ship was built by Fijenoord shipyard in Rotterdam.
 The Dassault Falcon 900 is a French-built corporate jet aircraft made by Dassault Aviation. It and its larger sibling the Falcon 7X are the only trijets in production. Both aircraft are notable in featuring an S-duct central engine.
 The Ural-4320 is a general purpose off-road 6x6 truck produced at the Ural Automotive Plant in Miass Russia for use in the Russian army. Introduced in 1976 it is still in production today.The wheel arrangement for the Ural-4320 was designed for transporting cargo people and trailers on all types of roads and terrain. It also serves as a launching platform for the BM-21 Grad rocket launcher.The Ural-4320 is a diesel-powered development of the Ural-375D.
 The LSWR H16 class were five 4-6-2 tank locomotives designed by Robert Urie for the London and South Western Railway (LSWR) in 1921–1922.
 The Mil Mi-10 (NATO reporting name Harke) given the product number izdeliye 60 was a Soviet military transport helicopter of flying crane configuration developed from the Mi-6 entering service in 1963.
 HMS Essex was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched at Blackwall Yard in 1679.She was rebuilt at Rotherhithe in 1700 retaining her 70-gun armament. She underwent a second rebuild in 1713 and on 20 May 1736 she was ordered to be taken to pieces and rebuilt at Woolwich as a 70-gun third rate to the 1733 proposals of the 1719 Establishment.
 The Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-23 (Russian: Микоян и Гуревич МиГ-23; NATO reporting name: Flogger) is a variable-geometry fighter aircraft designed by the Mikoyan-Gurevich design bureau in the Soviet Union. It is considered to belong to the Soviet third generation jet fighter category along with similarly aged Soviet fighters such as the MiG-25 Foxbat.
 This is an article about a motor vehicle built in Australia. For the Ford Landau built in Brazil see Ford Landau.The Ford Landau is a motor vehicle which was produced by Ford Australia from 1973 to 1976.Released in August 1973 the Ford Landau was based on the Australian XB series Ford Falcon but shared its frontal appearance and luxury appointments with the P5 series Ford LTD limousine another Australian design which was released at the same time as the Landau.
 USS Greeneville (SSN-772) a Los Angeles-class submarine and is the only ship of the United States Navy to be named after Greeneville Tennessee.
 MS Voyager of the Seas is a Voyager-class cruise ship completed in 1999 operated by Royal Caribbean International. She is the namesake of Voyager class.Voyager of the Seas can handle up to 3114 guests and along with her sisters in the Voyager class were the largest ships in the world when built. Constructed at Aker Finnyards in Turku Finland the ship measures 137276 GT with a displacement of 58000 t (57000 long tons; 64000 short tons).
 HMS Deane was a Captain class frigate of the Buckley class of destroyer escort originally commissioned to be built for the U.S. Navy. Before she was finished in 1943 she was transferred to the Royal Navy under the terms of Lend-Lease and saw service during World War II.She was built by Bethlehem-Hingham Shipyard Inc. in Massachusetts and was assigned with the pennant number DE-86 but was not named.
 Sarad is an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) designed by a group of Mechanical engineers (Sarad group) at Imam Khomeini International University.Sarad could rank second in 2nd National UAV Design and Construction Contest held in Sharif University of Technology among 46 contestants from state and Azad universities.
 SS Mount Washington is one of four Offshore Petroleum Discharge System (OPDS) tankers. The Mount Washington is one of the largest of the fleet - 736 feet (224 m) long a beam of 102 feet (31 m) and a fuel capacity of 364000 bbl (57900 m3).
 The Fiat 519 was a model of car produced by Italian automotive company Fiat between 1922 and 1927. 2411 were produced in total. Approximately 25 known worldwide of which one is a genuine 519S and three others are shortened 519s although all have the pointed 519S radiator.
 The Dassault Mirage F1 is a French air-superiority fighter and attack aircraft designed and built by Dassault Aviation as a successor of the Mirage III family. The Mirage F1 entered service in the French Air Force (Armée de l'Air) in 1974. Powered by a single SNECMA Atar turbojet providing about 7 tonnes-force (69 kN; 15000 lbf) of thrust the F1 has been used as a light multipurpose fighter and has been exported to about a dozen nations. More than 720 F1s have been produced.
 The second USS Narkeeta (YT-133) was a Harbor Tug laid down on 29 September 1938 at the Naval Shipyard Mare Island California; launched on 4 May 1939; and placed in service on 16 June 1939.For a little over seven years Narkeeta performed the necessary services of her type tugging towing and firefighting for the 11th Naval District.
 HMS Diligent (or Diligente or Diligence) was a small mercantile schooner that the Royal Navy purchased locally in 1790 for the Nova Scotia station. She helped capture Saint Pierre in 1793 and was sold in 1794. She then served on harbour duties at Halifax carrying water and stores to the naval squadron stationed there.
 The Schneider ES-60 Boomerang is a single-seat glider that was designed and manufactured in Australia in the 1960s. It is constructed of wood and fabric. It was designed and manufactured by Edmund Schneider Pty Ltd of Adelaide South Australia. The Boomerang has an all-moving swept tailplane that resembles a boomerang and hence the name given to the ES-60.
 The BMW F3 is an upcoming compact crossover SUV that was supposed to be released by German automaker BMW for the 2010 model year.No official statement from BMW states the F3 so it is currently a mystery if it will actually be produced. However it will share the same platform with the BMW 3 Series.Rivals will include the Audi Q3 Acura RDX and Mercedes-Benz GLK-Class.
 The Great Plains Aircraft Easy Eagle is a single seat homebuilt aircraft biplane powered by a Volkswagen air-cooled engine.
 The Austin Kestrel was a British two-seat biplane designed and built by the Austin Motor Company. Only one aircraft was built.
 The RENFE Class 276 (es: Serie 276 de RENFE) is a class of DC electric locomotive used by the Spanish rail operator RENFE.
 The Skipper Scrappy UAC-200 is an American homebuilt aerobatic biplane that was designed by WA Skipper of Greeley Colorado introduced in 1970. The aircraft was supplied in the form of plans for amateur construction but plans seem to no longer be available.
 The ARA Teniente Olivieri (A-2) is a fleet ocean tug in service at the Argentine Navy classified as aviso.Homebased at Ushuaia is normally assigned to operate in Antarctica during the summer campaigns in the Patrulla Antártica Naval Combinada (English: Joint Antarctic Naval Patrol) with the Chilean Navy to guarantee safety to all touristic and scientific ships that are in transit within the Antarctic Peninsula.
 SM UC-19 was a German Type UC II minelaying submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. The U-boat was ordered on 26 August 1915 and was launched on 15 March 1916. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 21 August 1916 as SM UC-19. In 3 patrols UC-19 was credited with sinking 4 ships either by torpedo or by mines laid. UC-19 was sunk by depth charges from HMS Ariel in the English Channel on 6 December 1916.
 SS California was one of the first steamships to steam in the Pacific Ocean and the first steamship to travel from Central America to North America. She was built for the Pacific Mail Steamship Company which was founded April 18 1848 as a joint stock company in the State of New York by a group of New York City merchants William H. Aspinwall Edwin Bartlett Henry Chauncey Mr. Alsop G.G. Howland and S.S. Howland.
 U-625 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 28 July 1941 at the Blohm & Voss yard in Hamburg launched on 15 April 1942 and commissioned on 4 June 1942 under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Hans Benker.After training with 8th U-boat Flotilla U-625 was transferred to 3rd U-boat Flotilla for front-line service on 1 October 1942.
 Great Eastern Railway (GER) Class S69 also known as 1500 Class and later classified B12 by the LNER is a class of 4-6-0 steam locomotive designed to haul express passenger trains from London Liverpool Street station along the Great Eastern Main Line. Originally they were designed by S. D. Holden but were much rebuilt resulting in several subclasses.Seventy-one S69 locomotives were built by the GER between 1911 and 1921 and numbered 1500–1570.
 The Technoavia SP-95 is a Russian aerobatic aircraft a production version of the earlier SP-91 Slava. The design is similar to the Sukhoi Su-26 family as it was designed by the same designer. It is an aerobatic competition aircraft and can be changed from single-seat to two-seat configuration. The SP-95 is a metal construction low-wing cantilever monoplane with a conventional landing gear with a tail-wheel. It is powered by a Vedeneyev M14P radial piston engine.
 The Buethe Barracuda is an American two-seat cabin monoplane designed by William Buethe and sold as plans or kits for amateur construction.
 The Antarctic Survey Vessel (ASV) Wyatt Earp (ASV 01/DMS 329) is a survey launch operated by the Australian Hydrographic Service since 1993. Based on the Royal Australian Navy's Fantome class survey launches Wyatt Earp was built specifically for hydrographic survey duties in Antarctic waters.
 The Magenta-class ironclads were a pair of broadside ironclads built for the French Navy.The class was designed by Henri Dupuy de Lôme. The ships carried 50 guns in broadside. They were the only ironclad two-deckers ever built and the first ironclads to feature a naval ram.
 The Messerschmitt Bf 163 was a STOL aircraft designed by BFW and built by Weserflug before World War II.
 Viarsa 1 was a Uruguay-flagged fishing vessel famous for its involvement in a high seas chase.
 The Caproni PS.1 also known as the Pallavicino PS-1 and Caproni Ca.303 was an Italian four-seater sportsplane designed and built specifically to compete in Challenge 1934 the European touring plane championships.
 INS Kulish (P63) is a Kora-class corvette currently in active service with the Indian Navy. She was ordered in October 1994 and was laid in October 1995. She was launched in August 1997 and was commissioned on 20 August 2001.Kulish is the third of the four Kora-class corvettes designed under Project25A. She is armed with the P-15 Termit anti-ship missiles and Strela-2 anti-air missiles.
 The Fokker E.III was the main variant of the Eindecker (monoplane) fighter aircraft of World War I. It entered service on the Western Front in December 1915 and was also supplied to Austria-Hungary and Turkey.
 USS Waneta (YT-384) later YTB-384 later YTM-384 was a United States Navy harbor tug in commission from 1944 to 1946 and from 1953 to 1974.Waneta was laid down on 8 September 1943 at Brooklyn New York by Ira S. Bushey and Sons.
 The British Railways Standard Class 5MT 4-6-0 was one of the 12 standard classes of steam locomotive built by British Railways in the 1950s. It was essentially a development of the LMS Stanier Class 5 4-6-0 (Black Five). 172 were built between 1951 and 1957.
 The BB class of steam locomotives comprised 30 engines operated by New Zealand Railways in the North Island of New Zealand. Similar in design and appearance to the preceding B and BA classes the first BB class locomotive entered service in February 1915 with the last to commence operations doing so on 8 March 1917.
 The first USS Mariveles was a gunboat in the United States Navy during the Spanish-American War.A former Spanish unarmored gunboat Mariveles was laid down in 1886 by Hong Kong and Whampoa Dock Company Hong Kong; purchased by the War Department in 1898; transferred to the Navy on 2 May 1899; and commissioned 17 June 1899 Lt. (jg.) J. W. Oman in command.
 The Para-Ski XS is a Canadian powered parachute that was designed and produced by Para-Ski of Mascouche Quebec. The aircraft was supplied as a completed aircraft or as component kits for amateur construction.
 USS Mellena (AKA-32) was an Artemis-class attack cargo ship named after the minor planet 869 Mellena which in turn was named after Werner von Melle mayor of Hamburg. She served as a commissioned ship for 16 months.Mellena (AKA-32) was laid down under Maritime Commission contract by Walsh-Kaiser Co. Inc. Providence R.I. 25 September 1944; launched 11 December 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Paul P. Neal; acquired by the Navy 20 January 1945; and commissioned the same day Lt. Comdr. B. C.
 The de Havilland DH.15 Gazelle was an engine test bed converted from a de Havilland DH.9A for flight trials in1919-20 of the B.H.P Atlantic engine. Only one was built.
 The Charleston-class amphibious cargo ships were a class of amphibious cargo ships in service with the United States Navy. These ships served in Amphibious Readiness Groups between 1968 and 1994. The ships were the last amphibious cargo ships built for the U.S. Navy their role having been taken over by amphibious transport docks.
 The Britomart-class gunboat was a class of sixteen gunboats built for the Royal Navy in 1859–1867.
 The steamboat Mizpah operated in the early 1900s as part of the Puget Sound Mosquito Fleet.
 The Orzeł class was a short series of modern submarines built in Dutch shipyards for the Polish Navy in the 1930s. Initially the design was to be built in the United Kingdom but the price proposed was too high and the British Admiralty announced that building a fast submarine with over 20 knots (37 km/h) of surface speed was technically impossible. The two submarines were ordered in De Schelde and Rotterdamse Shipyards the ORP Orzeł (Eagle) and ORP Sęp (Vulture) (four were initially planned).
 Wilhelm Carpelan is a former Von Fersen-class transport boat. Built in 1915 for the Imperial Russian Navy she was used as a transport boat and later a minesweeper by the Finnish Navy until 1977. After decommissioning she was sold to private ownership and used as a pleasure boat. In 2013 Wilhelm Carpelan was donated to the collections of Forum Marinum the maritime museum in Turku Finland.
 HMS Kempthorne (K483) was a Captain-class frigate of the Royal Navy and named after Captain (later Admiral Sir) John Kempthorne of HMS Mary Rose in 1669.
 HMS L24 was an L-class submarine built by Vickers Barrow-in-Furness for the Royal Navy. She was laid down on 13 February 1919 and was commissioned on an unknown date.
 The Yakovlev Yak-17 (Russian: Як-17 NATO reporting name Feather was an early Soviet jet fighter. It was developed from the Yak-15 the main difference being tricycle landing gear. The trainer version known as the Yak-17UTI was the Soviet's most numerous and important early jet trainer.
 HMS Gainsborough was a Hunt class minesweeper of the Royal Navy ordered towards the end of the First World War. She was initially built as HMS Gorleston but renamed after the fox hunt of Gainsborough Lincolnshire before her launch. She was sold in June 1928.
 Tc is a diesel-hydraulic locomotive used by Banverket of Sweden for line service and snowploughing. Twenty locomotives were built for Statens Järnvägar (SJ) in 1969-71 by Nydquist & Holm for combined freight and snowploughing service along with 10 larger Tb locomotives. When Banverket was demerged in 1988 the Tc were transferred to it. Since 1994 some of the units have been taken out of service.
 HMAT A45 Bulla was laid down as SS Hessen for the German Line Norddeutscher Lloyd in 1905. It was seized by Australian forces on September 3 1914 when it sailed into Melbourne being unaware of the outbreak of World War I and used as a troop transport during the First World War before being transferred to the Commonwealth Government Line in 1918. It was sold in 1926 to W. Schuchmann and again renamed as Weissesee
 The Alon A-4 is a prototype American light aircraft of the 1960s. Alon INC. of McPherson Kansas was formed by two former executives of Beechcraft in 1963 and had initially built an improved version of the ERCO Ercoupe as the Alon A-2. In 1964 Alon started design of an all-new four-seat light aircraft the Alon Four (or Alon A-4). It was a conventional singled-engined low-winged monoplane of all-metal construction with a fixed (non retractable) tricycle landing gear undercarriage.
 Independencia was an armored corvette built in England for the Peruvian Navy during the mid-1860s. Independencia and Huáscar where the two main ships of the Peruvian Navy at the start of the War of the Pacific with Chile. Independencia ran aground while pursuing Covadonga during the naval battle of Punta Gruesa on 21 May 1879. When the Chileans in Covadonga realized that Independencia had run aground they returned to bombard it causing many deaths. When Huáscar appeared Covadonga fled.
 SS Nordnorge was a Norwegian steamship built in 1923–24 by Trondhjems mekaniske Værksted for the Narvik-based Norwegian shipping company Ofotens Dampskibsselskap. First employed on the company's Narvik-Trondheim route she was transferred to the longer Hurtigruten route in late 1936. Seized by the Germans following their April 1940 attack on Norway she was used as covert troop ship and was sunk shortly after delivering her cargo of German troops behind Allied lines on 10 May 1940.
 The AIDC AT-3 Tzu Chung (traditional Chinese: 自強; simplified Chinese: 自强; pinyin: Zìqiáng) (Self Reliance) is an advanced jet trainer operated by the Republic of China Air Force (ROCAF). A total of sixty-two aircraft were manufactured by the Aerospace Industrial Development Corporation of the Taiwan (Republic of China) in collaboration with US aircraft manufacturer Northrop between 1984 and 1990. Two A-3 single-seat attack version were also built.
 The John M Osborn’s short career as a wooden steam barge lasted just two years. The Osborn sank with the loss of five lives when she was rammed by the larger steel hulled Alberta who was called a “steel monster and terror of the lakes. The Osborn’s wreck was discovered 100 years after her sinking. The wreck was illegally salvaged in the 1980s. Many of the Osborn’s artifacts became the property of the State of Michigan after they were seized from Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum.
 The JD-2 was a Polish sports plane of 1926. It was the first sports plane designed in Poland that was built in a small series.
 USS Talbot (DD-114) was a Wickes-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War I and later designated APD-7 in the World War II. She was the second ship named in honor of Silas Talbot.Talbot was laid down on 12 July 1917 at Philadelphia Pennsylvania by William Cramp & Sons; launched on 20 February 1918; sponsored by Miss Elizabeth Major; and commissioned on 20 July 1918 Lieutenant Commander Isaac Foote Dortch in command.
 USNS Rollins (T-AG-189) was one of 12 ships scheduled to be acquired by the United States Navy in February 1966 and converted into Forward Depot Ships and placed into service with the Military Sea Transport Service The High Point Victory (MCV-851) was chosen for this conversion and assigned the name Rollins but the program was canceled and the ships were not acquired by the Navy.
 The Orneco IL-1 was an American two-seat liaison biplane built for the United States Army by the Ordnance Engineering Corporation (Orenco). The Model E-2 was a conventional biplane powered by a 400 hp (298 kW) Liberty 12 engine and designated IL-1 (Infantry Liaison) by the Army. First flown in 1919 two aircraft were built and evaluated by the Army at McCook Field as P-147 and P-168 but the type did not enter production.
 The Praga E-40 was a single engine two seat biplane basic trainer built in Czechoslovakia in the mid-1930s.
 Alameda was the first of three large-capacity ferries intended to transport passengers across San Francisco Bay. Southern Pacific Transportation Company and predecessor railroads had been operating ferries between San Francisco and Oakland California since 1862. By the early 20th century service had stabilized on three routes to the San Francisco Ferry Building from Oakland Pier Alameda and the San Antonio Creek estuary.
 CSS Scorpion was a Squib-class torpedo boat procured late in 1864 by the Confederate States Navy and armed with a spar torpedo fitted to her stem. She performed picket duty in the James River under command of Lieutenant E. Lakin CSN.On January 23 to January 25 1865 torpedo boats Scorpion Hornet and Wasp under the overall command of Lieutenant Charles W. Read CSN joined Flag Officer J.K. Mitchell's James River Squadron in the abortive attack on General Ulysses S.
 USS Kadashan Bay (CVE-76) was an Casablanca class escort carrier of the United States Navy. She is named for Kadashan Bay Alaska.Kadashan Bay was launched 11 December 1943 by the Kaiser Shipbuilding Company in Vancouver Washington under a Maritime Commission contract; sponsored by Miss Audrey Ackerman and commissioned 18 January 1944 Captain R. N. Hunter in command.After shakedown Kadashan Bay departed San Diego 6 March 1944 on the first of two cruises to Espiritu Santo.
 Doris was a Circé-class coastal submarine of the French Navy in service from 1928 until May 1940 when she was sunk off the Dutch coast by the German coastal submarine U-9. The wreck was rediscovered by Dutch divers in 2003.
 HMS Victorious was a 74-gun third-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched at Bucklers Hard on 20 October 1808 just five years after the previous HMS Victorious had been broken up.Her first action came the year after her launch as part of the Baltic Squadron in which she assisted in the bombardment of the port of Flushing (Vlissingen) in what is now the Netherlands.
 The Ford AU Falcon and Fairmont are the first of the sixth generation series of the Ford Falcon a full-size car produced by Ford Australia. Replacing the EL Falcon the last of the fifth generation Falcons the AU series launch in September 1998 being replaced in September 2002 by the BA range of Fords.The AU sported a radically different design that was dubbed New Edge to attract the younger generation with its out there looks.
 The Mitsubishi G4M (or Type 1 land-based attack aircraft) (一式陸上攻撃機 一式陸攻 Isshiki rikujō kōgeki ki Isshikirikkō) was the main twin-engine land-based bomber used by the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service in World War II. The Allies gave the G4M the reporting name Betty.
 The Bajaj Priya was a three geared scooter manufactured by Maharashtra Scooters under a license agreement with Bajaj Auto from 1975. The design was very similar to that of the earlier Bajaj 150 model which was in turn based upon a Vespa 150 (VBA type) with a slightly modified body.
 The Saunders Roe A.37 Shrimp was a 1930s British two-seat four-engined experimental flying boat built by Saunders-Roe Limited (Saro) at Cowes.
 The Avia B.35 (RLM designation Av-35) was a fighter aircraft built in Czechoslovakia shortly before World War II. It was designed to meet a 1935 requirement by the Czechoslovakian Air Force for a replacement for their B-534 fighter biplanes. The B.35 was an elegant low-wing monoplane with an elliptical wing. The fuselage was constructed from welded steel tube covered in metal ahead of the cockpit and fabric aft while the wing was of entirely wooden construction.
 The SS Champlain was a cabin class ocean liner built in 1932 for the French Line by Chantiers et Ateliers de Saint-Nazaire Penhoët. She was sunk by a mine off La Pallice France in 1940 -- one of the earliest passenger ship losses of the Second World War.Although not as well remembered as her larger fleetmates the Champlain was the first modern ocean liner and embodied many design features later incorporated into the French Line's SS Normandie.
 The Apoena is a Brazilian Low Altitude Long Endurance (LALE) unmanned aerial vehicle designed and built by XMobots for several kinds of sensing roles.
 The South Eastern and Chatham Railway (SECR) C Class is a class of 0-6-0 steam locomotive designed by Harry Wainwright and built between 1900 and 1908. They were designed for freight duties although occasionally used for passenger trains. They operated over the lines of the railway in London and south-east England until the early 1960s. One example was rebuilt as an S Class' saddle tank
 SS Atlantic was an American-built vessel that operated for 42 years in various capacities. First designated SS Badger Mariner she was originally built as a freighter in 1953. However her career as a cargo vessel was relatively short. In 1958 she was rebuilt as a passenger liner. Renamed SS Atlantic this ship became familiar to many American tourists during the 1960s making cruises to the Caribbean and Mediterranean.
 NSB El 2 was a series of two electric locomotives built by Norsk Elektrisk & Brown Boveri and Thune for the Norwegian State Railways in 1923. They remained in service until 1967. Neither has been preserved.
 USS Wrangell (AE-12) was laid down under a Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 1375) as SS Midnight during February 1944 at Wilmington North Carolina by the North Carolina Shipbuilding Company; launched on 14 April 1944; sponsored by Mrs. G. T. Cambell; delivered to the Navy incomplete on 28 May 1944; moved to Hampton Roads; converted to an ammunition ship by the Norfolk Shipbuilding and Drydock Co.; and commissioned on 10 October 1944 at the Norfolk Navy Yard Comdr. Haskell C.
 The Borel Torpille (French: Torpedo) was a French single-engine single-seat aircraft built in 1913.
 The Chrysler Town & Country was a station wagon manufactured by Chrysler Corporation and sold under its flagship brand from 1941–1988. The model was also sold as a sedan coupe and convertible from 1947–1950 and as a convertible again from 1983–1986.Chrysler re-introduced the Town & Country nameplate as a luxury rebadged variant of the Dodge Caravan minivan in 1990 and continues to sell this incarnation of the Town & Country to the present day.
 The Cody Circuit of Britain biplane also known as the Cody III was the third powered aircraft built by Samuel Franklin Cody. It was flown by him in various competitions during 1911 including the Daily Mail Circuit of Britain competition in which Cody was the only British contestant to complete the course. On 29 October Cody set a new British endurance record in the aircraft flying for five hours and fifteen minutes.
 The Celestial Empire was a long-lived medium clipper ship built in 1852 for the San Francisco trade. She met with a variety of mishaps characteristic for ships of her era. A second ship by this name set a legal precedent regarding damage done by sailing ships coming in to dock.
 MS Nieuw Amsterdam is a Signature class cruise ship for Holland America Line. Nieuw Amsterdam is the 81st ship to enter Holland America's service and the second largest Holland America ship to date.
 The Lamborghini Countach is a mid-engined supercar that was produced by Italian automaker Lamborghini from 1974 to 1990. Its design both pioneered and popularized the wedge-shaped sharply angled look popular in many high-performance sports cars.
 The Avia 156 was a 1930s Czechoslovakian 6-passenger commercial transport for both mail and passengers designed by Robert Nebesář and built by Avia the type performed well but only one was built.
 USS Suffolk (AKA-69) was a Tolland-class attack cargo ship of the United States Navy named after counties in Massachusetts and New York. Suffolk was designed to carry military cargo and landing craft and to use the latter to land weapons supplies and Marines on enemy shores during amphibious operations. She served as a commissioned ship for 20 months.
 The L and M class was a class of sixteen destroyers which served in the British Royal Navy during World War II. The ships of the class were launched between 1939 and 1942.
 HMS Felmersham was one of 93 ships of the Ham class of inshore minesweepers. Their names were all chosen from villages ending in -ham. The minesweeper was named after Felmersham in Bedfordshire.
 The Russian monitor Charodeika was the lead ship of her class of monitors and was built for the Imperial Russian Navy in the 1860s.
 The Roland S-STOL is a German STOL ultralight and light-sport aircraft produced by Roland Aircraft. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 The Alisport Silent 2 Electro is an Italian mid-wing single-seat motor glider designed and produced by Alisport of Cremella and provided as a complete ready-to-fly aircraft. The aircraft was introduced at the Aero show held in Friedrichshafen in 2011.
 HMS Venetia (D53) was a V-class destroyer of the British Royal Navy that saw service in World War I and World War II.
 USS Leader (AM-490/MSO-490) was an Aggressive-class minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the task of removing mines that had been placed in the water to prevent the safe passage of ships.Leader (AM-490) was laid down by J. M. Martinac Shipbuilding Corp. Tacoma Washington 22 September 1953; launched 15 September 1954; sponsored by Mrs. Norman Wordlund; reclassified MSO-490 7 February 1955 and commissioned 16 November 1955 Lt. Comdr. Harvey E. Toponce in command.
 USS Rombach (DE-364) was a John C. Butler-class destroyer escort acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. The primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy in addition to other tasks as assigned such as patrol or radar picket. Rombach was named after Severin Louis Rombach who was awarded the Navy Cross posthumously for his brave actions during the Battle of Midway.
 The Welfreighter was a Second World War British midget submarine developed by the Special Operations Executive (SOE) for the purpose of landing and supplying agents behind enemy lines. It only saw action once and was not particularly successful.
 The Piper J-3 Cub is a small simple light aircraft that was built between 1937 and 1947 by Piper Aircraft. With tandem (fore and aft) seating it was intended for flight training but became one of the most popular and best-known light aircraft of all time. The Cub's simplicity affordability and popularity invokes comparisons to the Ford Model T automobile.The aircraft's standard chrome yellow paint has come to be known as “Cub Yellow” or Lock Haven Yellow.
 JDS Terizuki (DD-162) was a Japanese Akizuki-class destroyer. It was laid down in 1958 and served as a front line warship with the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force until 1986 and as an auxiliary until 1993.
 The Dresden class was a pair of light cruisers built for the Imperial German Navy in the early part of the 20th century. The class comprised SMS Dresden the lead ship and SMS Emden. Both ships were laid down in 1906; Dresden was launched in 1907 and Emden followed in 1908. They entered service in 1908 and 1909 respectively.
 The Chevrolet D-20 is a pick-up truck manufactured by the Chevrolet division of General Motors in Brazil and Argentina. When it was first launched it could be ordered with a 4.1 liter gasoline or ethanol engine or a 3.9 liter Perkins diesel. In 1991 the Perkins was replaced with Maxion S4 4.0L diesel producing 90 CV and the turbocharged Maxion S4T making 125 CV.
 USS Paducah (PG-18) was a Dubuque-class gunboat acquired by the U.S. Navy prior to World War I. Her task was to patrol escort and protect Navy ships.
 The Virginian Railway's class EL-2B comprised four two-unit electric locomotives with AAR (B+B-B+B)+(B+B-B+B) wheel arrangements. The locomotives were used on the 133-mile (214 km) electrified portion of the railroad from Roanoke Virginia to Mullens West Virginia.
 Zebrina was a schooner-rigged three-masted sailing barge of 189 tons built in 1873 at Whitstable originally intended to trade in the River Plate. She was discovered aground on the coast of France in October 1917 with her crew missing.The Zebrina sailed from Falmouth in October 1917 commanded by Captain Martin with a cargo of Swansea coal for Saint-Brieuc France.
 The Morzh-class submarines were built for the Black Sea Fleet of the Imperial Russian Navy shortly before World War I.
 This article is about the East Lancs Vyking the East Lancs bus body on the Volvo B7TL. For the similar bodies on the Dennis Trident 2 and DAF DB250 see East Lancs Lolyne and East Lancs Lowlander respectively.The East Lancs Vyking is a type of double-decker bus body built by East Lancashire Coachbuilders. It is the double-deck version of the Spryte. It continued the long line of 'misspelt' names which continued until the Scania OmniDekka.
 The Bannick Model T of the Air was the first of series of homebuilt autogyro designs.
 HMS Clyde was an ocean-going submarine of the River-class. She was built by Vickers Armstrong Barrow and launched on 15 March 1934. Building was completed on 12 April 1935.
 USS Patterson (DD-392) a Bagley-class destroyer was the 2nd ship of the United States Navy to be named for Daniel Todd Patterson an officer of the US Navy that served in the Quasi-War with France First Barbary War and the War of 1812.The second Patterson (DD-392) was laid down 23 July 1935 by the Puget Sound Navy Yard Bremerton Washington; launched 6 May 1937; sponsored by Miss Elizabeth P. Patterson; and commissioned 22 September 1937 Commander Francis T. Spellman in command.
 The Rhino Runner is a type of armored bus used extensively in Iraq especially on the infamous Route Irish between Baghdad International Airport and The Green Zone. It is a customized vehicle created by Labock Technologies which was purchased in 2008 by another company called Advanced Blast Protection. In 2010 Advanced Blast Protection was purchased by Armour Group Inc. The Rhino Runner® is made in various sizes with different purposes.
 The Class 171 Turbostar is a type of diesel multiple unit (DMU) train built by Bombardier Transportation (previously ADtranz) at its Litchurch Lane Works in Derby England which is identical to the Class 170 except for the replacement of the BSI (Bergische Stahl Industrie) coupler with a Dellner coupling. This provision was made to allow emergency joining with Class 377 DC third-rail electric units.
 The Magnifique class was a type of three 74-gun ships of the line. MagnifiqueBuilder:Ordered:Launched: 1750Fate: 1782 Grounded on sandbar off Lovells Island Boston MA USA EntreprenantBuilder:Ordered:Launched:Fate: GuerrierBuilder: ToulonOrdered: 18 September 1750Launched: 9 September 1753Fate: Burnt by the British after the Battle of the Nile 2 August 1798
 The Holden VQ Statesman and Caprice were Holden's top of the line luxury sedans produced between 1990–1994. It was the first Statesman to be based on the Commodore line.
 The General Atomics GNAT is a reconnaissance UAV developed in the United States in the late 1980s and manufactured by General Atomics Aeronautical Systems Inc. (GA-ASI). As initially designed it was a simplified version of the LSI Amber intended for foreign sales. The GNAT 750 made its first flight in 1989.The GNAT 750's configuration was similar to that of the Amber except that the GNAT 750's wing was mounted low on the fuselage instead of being mounted on a pylon on top.
 The Lima LRS-1200 was a 1200 hp (895 kW) diesel-electric road-switcher configured with an AAR type B-B wheel arrangement mounted atop a pair of two-axle AAR Type-B road trucks built by Lima-Hamilton in 1950. All sixteen units were built for one railroad the New York Central.
 The Norman Aviation J6 Karatoo is a Canadian advanced ultralight aircraft that was designed by Jessie Anglin and produced by Norman Aviation of Saint-Anselme Quebec. The aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.Production is complete and the J6 Karatoo is no longer available from Norman Aviation.
 HMS Tiger was a Clydebank -built three funnel 30-knot destroyer purchased by the Royal Navy under the 1899 – 1900 Naval Estimates. She was the tenth ship to carry this name since it was introduced in 1542 for a 22-gun galleasse.
 HMS Cynthia was a ship sloop of unusual design launched in 1796. She took part in one medal-worthy boat action and participated in captures of a number of merchant vessels was present at two notable occasions the surrender of the Dutch fleet in the Vlieter Incident and the capture of Alexandria and her crew participated in two land attacks on forts. She was broken up in 1809.
 The Class 129 was a class of single-car Diesel Multiple Unit built in 1955 for British Rail. Only three were built by Cravens and were introduced in 1958. The class was built for parcels traffic like the Class 128. One unit (55997) survived into departmental service being named 'Hydra'. The driving ends of a Class 129 car bore a visible similarity to that of the British Rail Class 105.
 HDMS Tulugaq [Du-lou-ack] ((Kalaallisut): Winter Raven) is an Agdlek-class cutter in the Royal Danish Navy stationed at Greenland.
 Denver & Rio Grande Western K-37s are 2-8-2 Mikado type narrow gauge steam locomotives. They were originally built by Baldwin as part of an order for thirty standard gauge 2-8-0 Consolidation type locomotives class 190 in 1902. They were renumbered into class C-41 during the railroad's reorganization in 1924 and were converted to three foot gauge in 1928-30 at the railroad's Burnham Shops with many new parts including new frames and smaller drivers.
 The RagWing RW22 Tiger Moth is a two-seats-in-tandem biplane conventional landing gear single engine homebuilt aircraft designed by Roger Mann and sold as plans by RagWing Aircraft Designs for amateur construction.The RW22 is an 80% scale replica of the de Havilland Tiger Moth and was developed using the original Tiger Moth design as a guide.
 USS S-22 (SS-127) was a first-group (S-1 or Holland) S-class submarine of the United States Navy. Her keel was laid down on 6 January 1919 by the Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation in Quincy Massachusetts. She was launched on 15 July 1920 sponsored by Mrs. Mark C. Bowman and commissioned on 23 June 1924 with Lieutenant John H. Forshew Jr. in command.
 The Nakajima J5N was an abandoned Japanese prototype fighter aircraft of the World War II era.
 German submarine U-615 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for the German Kriegsmarine for service during World War II.Commissioned in 1942 and commanded by Kptlt. Ralph Kapitzky she was depth charged and sunk in the Caribbean Sea north of Porlamar on 7 August 1943 in position 12°38′N 64°15′W by US 6 Mariner and 1 Ventura aircraft. It was the largest aircraft hunt ever mounted for a single U-boat. Of her crew 4 (including her captain) were killed and 43 survived.
 HMCS Shediac was a Flower-class corvette of the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. She served primarily in the Battle of the Atlantic as a convoy escort. She was named after the town of Shediac New Brunswick.
 The TechArt GTsport is a high-performance sports car based on the Porsche Cayman S. TechArt produces the GTsport in limited quantities with added performance and aesthetic features including engine and suspension performance pieces bodykit and interior upgrades.
 The Scania OmniCity is an integrally constructed transverse-engined low floor citybus available on the European market. The OmniCity is a complete product built in Poland by Scania AB a company based in Sweden.In 2006 the Scania OmniCity design was updated (for the Euro IV version) with the large front headlamps being replaced by smaller round items and further tweaks carried out to the rear styling.
 The Prins Willem (or Prins Willim) was the largest ship at the time of the Dutch East India Company (the VOC).[citation needed]
 The Dornier Do 12 Libelle III (Dragonfly III) was the third of a line of small German flying boats of the 1930s. It started with the Dornier A Libelle I and the Dornier A Libelle II though the Do 12 was not a continuation but an entirely new aircraft.The aircraft was amphibious and would carry three to four passengers. It was powered by a single Argus As 10 engine initially then a Gnome-Rhône 5Ke Titan engine mounted above the wing.
 HMS Princess was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy. She had briefly sailed as the Princesa for the Spanish Navy until her capture off Cape Finisterre in 1740 during the War of the Austrian Succession.After being chased down and captured by three British ships she was acquired for service by the Royal Navy. Her design and fighting qualities excited considerable interest and sparked a series of increases in the dimensions of British warships.
 The Slingsby Type 26 Kite 2 was a post World War II development of the Slingsby Kite a single seat medium performance sailplane. It sold in small numbers.
 HMS Royal Alfred was a broadside ironclad frigate of the Victorian era serving with the Royal Navy. She was half-sister to HMS Zealous and HMS Repulse.
 The Paektusan (Korean: 백두산) also transliterated Baekdusan or Pekdosan is a North Korean expendable carrier rocket derived from the Taepodong-1 intermediate-range ballistic missile. It is a three stage rocket consisting of the two-stage Taepodong-1 fuelled by nitric acid and unsymmetrical dimethylhydrazine with a solid-fuelled upper stage to perform orbital insertion.The only reported launch of a Paektusan was conducted at 03:07 GMT on 31 August 1998 with the Kwangmyŏngsŏng-1 satellite.
 The Type 103 Lütjens class was the last class of destroyers in service with the German Navy. They were replaced by the new Sachsen-class frigates designated frigate even though they are much larger and more capable in all aspects than the Lütjens-class destroyers.Basically the ships were Charles F. Adams-class guided missile destroyers but with some modifications to meet German requirements: Communication systems according to German standards.
 The L&YR Class 31 was a class of 0-8-0 steam locomotives of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway. The class was designed by George Hughes and introduced in 1912. The class comprised 115 new locomotives and 40 rebuilt from other classes.
 HMAS Whang Pu (FY-03) or SS Wang Phu was a 3204 ton riverboat of the China Navigation Company that was commissioned into the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) in the Second World War. Her Chinese name translates to Happy Times. She was one of a group of vessels called the China Fleet requisitioned for the RAN in similar circumstances.
 The South African Class F 4-6-4T of 1904 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Transvaal.In 1904 the Central South African Railways placed eight Class F tank steam locomotives with a 4-6-4T Baltic wheel arrangement in service. In 1912 when these locomotives were assimilated into the South African Railways they were renumbered but retained their Class F classification.
 The Blackburn B-2 was a British biplane side-by-side trainer aircraft of the 1930s. Designed and built by Blackburn Aircraft 42 were built.
 The 300 series (300系) was a Japanese high-speed Shinkansen train type which operated on the Tōkaidō and Sanyō Shinkansen lines in Japan between 1992 and 2012. When first introduced they were used on the fastest Nozomi services being capable of 270 km/h (170 mph).
 The ATA Cruiser was a US-built civil utility aircraft of the 1920s. It was a three-seat high-wing monoplane with an enclosed cabin and possibly a variant of the Grays Harbor Activian.
 The Tisserand Hydroplum is a small amphibious aircraft with a single pusher engine built in France in the 1980s. Originally a single seat high wing monoplane it was developed into a two seat biplane for production in kit form as the SMAN Pétrel.
 The Type 054B frigate is a Chinese multi-role warship class announced in 2013 by the Chinese Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. The 5000 tonne vessels will feature enhanced anti-submarine capabilities and will feature an all electric propulsion system. The ship is being constructed by China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation No. 712 Institute.
 USS Charlotte (SSN-766) a Los Angeles-class submarine is the fourth ship of the United States Navy to be named for Charlotte North Carolina. The contract to build her was awarded to Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company in Newport News Virginia on 6 February 1987 and her keel was laid down on 17 August 1990. She was launched on 3 October 1992 sponsored by Mrs. Mary McComack and commissioned on 16 September 1994 with Commander Michael Matthews in command.
 USS Black Hawk (AD-9) was a destroyer tender that was launched in 1913 as SS Santa Catalina by William Cramp and Sons Ship and Engine Building Co. Philadelphia Pennsylvania; purchased by the U.S. Navy on 3 December 1917; and commissioned 15 May 1918 Commander R. C. Bulmer in command.
 RFA Mounts Bay (L3008) is a Bay class auxiliary landing ship dock (LSD(A)) of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary. She is named after Mount's Bay in Cornwall.
 The Douglas DC-4 is a four-engined propeller-driven airliner developed by the Douglas Aircraft Company. It served during World War II in the Berlin Airlift and into the 1960s in a military role. From 1945 many civil airlines operated it worldwide.
 The Aero Concepts Discovery is an American amateur-built aircraft produced by Aero Concepts of Florida. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 USS Whetstone (LSD-27) was a Casa Grande-class dock landing ship of the United States Navy. She was the named in honor of Whetstone Point at end of peninsula between the old Basin (today's Inner Harbor) of downtown Baltimore (and old Baltimore Town).
 The Handley Page HP.34 Hare was a British two-seat high-altitude day bomber designed and built at Cricklewood by Handley Page. It was designed by Harold Boultbee to meet the requirements of Air Ministry Specification 23/25 for a replacement for the Hawker Horsley in the day bomber role competing against the Blackburn Beagle Hawker Harrier Gloster Goring and Westland Witch.
 Chūyō was a Taiyō-class escort carrier operated by the Imperial Japanese Navy in World War II. Originally built as the passenger liner Nitta Maru it was converted to military use in 1942.
 The Agusta A.115 (registration I-AGUC) was a prototype helicopter flown in 1961 in Italy. It was essentially a Bell 47J-3 with an unclad tubular tail boom and powered by a Turboméca Astazou II turboshaft engine. No production ensued.
 The second USS Orca (AVP-49) was a United States Navy seaplane tender in commission from 1944 to 1947 and from 1951 to 1960.
 The Engels MI was a Russian floatplane/fighter developed in 1916. It was a parasol cantilever flying boat with a V-Section hull and downswept wingtips incorporating flotation chambers.
 The Volkswagen Concept BlueSport is a mid-engined roadster concept car produced by Volkswagen. It was introduced at the 2009 North American International Auto Show in Detroit. The Concept BlueSport follows on from a previous roadster concept car the Volkswagen Concept R shown at the 2003 Frankfurt Motor Show.The Concept BlueSport is powered by a 2.0 L (120 cu in) TDI I4 producing around 180 hp (130 kW) and 260 lb·ft (350 N·m).
 The Lockheed Model 34 Big Dipper was an American two-seat monoplane designed and built by Lockheed at Burbank for research only one was built.
 The Anatra D or Anade was a two-seat reconnaissance aircraft built in Russia and flown during World War I. It was a two-bay biplane of conventional configuration that seated the pilot and observer in tandem open cockpits. Test flights revealed a number of design flaws including weak wing structure (that killed company test pilot Jean Robinet on 21 July 1917) and poor stability.
 USS Oriole (MHC-55) was an Osprey-class coastal minehunter of the United States Navy. She was built by Intermarine USA and launched in 1993 then commissioned in 1995. After only eleven years of service she was decommissioned in 2006 and sold to Taiwan. She now operates as ROCS Yung Jin (MCH 1310).
 PS Lincoln Castle was a coal-fired side-wheel paddle steamer which ferried passengers across the Humber from the Second World War until 1978. She was the last coal-fired paddle steamer still in regular services in the UK. Later she served as a pub at Hessle and then as a restaurant under permanent dock in Alexandra Dock Grimsby.
 USNS Lone Jack (T-AO-161) was a type Type T2-SE-A1 tanker laid down under Maritime Commission contract (USMC number 1783) by the Sun Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Co. of Chester Pennsylvania (hull number 450) on 11 July 1944. The ship was launched on 21 October 1944 sponsored by Mrs. Julia W. Bruwier and delivered to Cities Service Oil Co. of New York City on 31 October 1944.
 HMS Prince of Wales was a 98-gun second rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 28 June 1794 at Portsmouth.In the spring of 1795 she served as the flagship of Admiral Henry Harvey who commanded a squadron in the North Sea and later participated in the Battle of Groix in 1795. Prince of Wales served as the flagship of Admiral Robert Calder at the Battle of Cape Finisterre in 1805. She was not present at Trafalgar.
 The Bonomi BS.2 Balestruccio (English: House Martin) was an Italian sailplane designed to set records. In 1932 it set a new national endurance record with a flight of over 25 minutes.
 EML Vaindlo (M416) is a Frauenlob-class minelayer of the Estonian Navy and belongs into the Estonian Navy Mineships Division. The commanding officer of the vessel is Lieutenant Erkki Silm.
 The Messerschmitt Me 261 Adolfine was long-range maritime reconnaissance aircraft designed in the late 1930s. It looked like an enlarged version of the Messerschmitt Bf 110. It was not put into production.
 USS Tingey (TB-34) was a Blakely-class torpedo boat of the United States Navy. She was the first of three ships to be named for named after Commodore Thomas Tingey.The first Tingey (Torpedo Boat No. 34) was laid down on 29 March 1899 at Baltimore Maryland by the Columbian Iron Works launched on 25 March 1901 sponsored by Miss Anna T. Craven the great-great-granddaughter of Commodore Tingey and commissioned at Norfolk Virginia on 7 January 1904 Lt. John Francis Marshall in command.
 USS Conflict (AM-85) was an Adroit-class minesweeper of the United States Navy. The ship was launched on 18 April 1942 by Commercial Iron Works Portland Oregon; and commissioned 7 September 1942 Lieutenant R. W. Luther USNR in command.
 The Silver Dart (or Aerodrome #4) was a derivative of an early aircraft built by a Canadian/U.S. team which after many successful flights in Hammondsport New York earlier in 1909 was dismantled and shipped to Baddeck Nova Scotia. It was flown off the ice of Baddeck Bay a sub-basin of Bras d'Or Lake on 23 February 1909 making it the first controlled powered flight in Canada. The aircraft was piloted by one of its designers John McCurdy.
 I-165 was a Kaidai-class V submarine of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II. Built at the Kure Naval Arsenal laid down as I-65 on 19 December 1929 launched on 2 June 1931 and completed on 1 December 1932. She was redsignated I-165 on 20 May 1942.
 MS Monarch (built as Monarch of the Seas) is the second of three Sovereign-class cruise ships owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. As of April 1 2013 Monarch is operated by RCCL's Pullmantur Cruises brand. It was built in 1991 at the Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyards in Saint-Nazaire France.At 73941 GT Monarch was one of the largest cruise ships in the world at time of her completion.
 The Tupolev Tu-114 Rossiya (Russian: Tyполев Тy-114 Poccия) (NATO reporting name Cleat) is a turboprop-powered long-range airliner designed by the Tupolev design bureau and built in the USSR from May 1955.The aircraft was the largest and fastest passenger plane at that time and also had the longest range (10900 km (6800 mi)).
 USS Manley (DD-74/AG-28/APD-1) a Caldwell-class destroyer served in the United States Navy. She was the second Navy ship named for Captain John Manley (c.1733–1793).Manley was laid down on 22 August 1916 by the Bath Iron Works Bath Maine; launched on 23 August 1917; sponsored by Miss Dorothy S. Sewall; and commissioned on 15 October 1917 Commander Robert L. Berry in command. She was redesignated DD-74 on 17 July 1920.
 A bulk carrier bulk freighter or bulker is a merchant ship specially designed to transport unpackaged bulk cargo such as grains coal ore and cement in its cargo holds. Since the first specialized bulk carrier was built in 1852 economic forces have fuelled the development of these ships causing them to grow in size and sophistication.
 USCGC Nettle (WAK-169) was a United States Coast Guard Design 381 coastal freighter acquired from the United States Army and was designated as USA FS-396 during World War II Army operations. She was transferred to the United States Coast Guard in 1947 and used for servicing aids to navigation and providing logistics support for Coast Guard manned LORAN stations in the Pacific Ocean.
 USS Southfield was a double-ended sidewheel steam gunboat of the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was sunk in action against the Confederate ironclad ram CSS Albemarle during the Battle of Plymouth (1864).Southfield was built in 1857 at Brooklyn New York by John English and served as a ferry between South Ferry New York and St. George Staten Island until she was purchased by the U.S. Navy at New York City on December 16 1861 from the New York Ferry Company.
 The South African Class 15A 4-8-2 of 1914 is a South African steam locomotive from the South African Railways era.Between 1914 and 1925 the South African Railways placed one hundred and nineteen Class 15A steam locomotives with a 4-8-2 Mountain wheel arrangement in service delivered in ten batches from three manufacturers.
 The Dacia 1300 (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈdat͡ʃia]) was a car manufactured during the Cold War by Romanian auto marque Dacia. 1300 represents the car's engine displacement.The first Dacia 1300 left the assembly line on 23 August 1969. On 21 July 2004 the last Dacia 1310 (saloon version) number 1959730 rolled out the gates of the Mioveni production facility just one month before their 35th anniversary.
 HMAS Tingira was a training ship operated by the Royal Australia Navy (RAN) between 1911 and 1927. The ship was built in Scotland by Alexander Hall & Co. in 1866 as the passenger clipper Sobraon; the largest composite-hull sailing vessel ever built. She sailed on an annual migration run between England and Australia until 1891 when she was sold to the colonial government of New South Wales for use as a reformatory ship.
 HMS Temple was a 68-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 3 November 1758 at Hull.Commissioned in January 1759 under the command of Washington Shirley she saw service at the Battle of Quiberon Bay in November.The following year in March 1760 she sailed for the West Indies under Captain Lucius O'Brien.
 HMS Garland also known by her Polish designation ORP Garland was a G-class destroyer built for the Royal Navy in the mid-1930s. During the Spanish Civil War of 1936–1939 the ship spent considerable time in Spanish waters enforcing the arms blockade imposed by Britain and France on both sides of the conflict. Shortly after World War II began she was badly damaged by the premature explosion of her own depth charges and required over six months of repairs.
 The Spada Codatronca (sometimes called the SVS Codatronca) is an Italian-built supercar introduced by Spada Vetture Sport in 2008. A convertible version the Spada Codatronca Monza was introduced in 2012. Both cars used a modified chassis and engine from the Chevrolet Corvette C6 but featured all-new bodywork.
 The German submarine U-156 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine built for service during World War II. The keel for this boat was laid on 11 October 1940 at the AG Weser yard in Bremen Germany as 'werk' 998.
 SS Pennsylvania was an iron passenger-cargo steamship built by William Cramp & Sons in 1872. The first of a series of four Pennsylvania-class vessels and the lead ship in her class Pennsylvania and her three sister ships - Ohio Indiana and Illinois - were the largest iron ships ever built in the United States at the time of their construction and amongst the first to be fitted with compound steam engines.
 The Toyota Sera (model designation EXY10) is a two door four seat (2+2) coupe built by Toyota from 1990 to 1996. Although produced solely for the Japanese market it raised interest overseas and has since been imported by car enthusiasts into several countries including Australia Pakistan Bangladesh Canada India Ireland New Zealand Sri Lanka Sweden and the UK. It was initially unveiled in 1988 as the Toyota AXV-II concept car in almost production-ready form.
 USCGC Winnisimmet was one of two Winnisimmet-class harbor tugs constructed for the Revenue Cutter Service in 1903 and stationed at Boston Massachusetts. The Navy assumed control of her from 6 April 1917 to 28 August 1919 during World War I. In September 1919 she was transferred from Boston to Baltimore Maryland where she remained until 1932. She was then assigned to Norfolk Virginia where she remained in service until being decommissioned in October 1945. Before the U.S.
 The Cornelius XBG-3 was an American bomb glider developed by the Cornelius Aircraft Corporation for the United States Army Air Forces. Using an unconventional design that included a forward-swept wing a single prototype was ordered in 1942; however the contract was cancelled later that year before the aircraft had been constructed.
 The McDonnell Douglas (now Boeing) F/A-18 Hornet is a twin-engine supersonic all-weather carrier-capable multirole combat jet designed as both a fighter and attack aircraft (F/A designation for Fighter/Attack). Designed by McDonnell Douglas and Northrop the F/A-18 was derived from the latter's YF-17 in the 1970s for use by the United States Navy and Marine Corps. The Hornet is also used by the air forces of several other nations. The U.S.
 USS Okmulgee (YTB-765) was a United States Navy Natick-class large district harbor tug named for Okmulgee Oklahoma.
 The Sopwith Cobham was a British twin-engined triplane bomber aircraft designed and built by the Sopwith Aviation Company during the First World War. The only twin-engined aircraft built by Sopwith the Cobham did not fly until after the end of the war and was unsuccessful due to the failure of its engines only three prototypes being built.
 SS Conte Rosso was an Italian ocean liner active in the early 20th century.Named after Amadeus VII Count of Savoy the so-called Red Count the Conte Rosso was noted for her lavish Italian interior decoration. Because much of its sailing would be in warmer waters the designers included an outdoor dining area unusual for ships of this era. Her sister ship was SS Conte Verde.
 TTC Orion VII buses are a series of standard low-floor transit buses used for public transport operated by the Toronto Transit Commission in Toronto Ontario Canada. They are currently the workhorse and the most represented model in the TTC fleet. This model is manufactured for the TTC by Orion International in Mississauga Ontario and Oriskany New York.The buses are the first model of bus that TTC has purchased in the new millennium.
 Kulshan was a steamship which operated on Puget Sound from 1910 until 1929. When built Kulshan was one of a newer type of inland steamships constructed entirely of steel and was then considered to be a one of the finest vessels ever to operate on Puget Sound.
 Sixteen Class 121 single-car driving motor vehicles were built from 1960 numbered 55020–55035. These were supplemented by ten trailer vehicles numbered 56280–56289 (later renumbered 54280–54289). They had a top speed of 70 mph with slam-doors and vacuum brakes. The driving motor vehicles were nicknamed Bubble cars by some enthusiasts (a nickname now endorsed by current operator Chiltern Railways).
 NRP Adamastor was a cruiser in the Portuguese Navy. She was built in Italy using the revenue of a national subscription made after the British ultimatum to Portugal in 1890. She played an important role in the 5 October 1910 republican revolution being one of the three rebelling cruisers. In 1917 the Adamastor was one of two cruisers sent to Quelimane in Portuguese East Africa.
 The Triumph Adventurer 900 is a British motorcycle that was made by Triumph Motorcycles Ltd at the Hinckley factory. Launched in 1996 the 'Adventurer' name came from a 500 cc parallel-twin trail bike from the early 1970s. The water-cooled 12-valve triple engine was the same 885 cc as the Triumph Thunderbird 900 as were the steel spine frame and other cycle parts including front forks rear shock wheels and brakes. Modifications included raised handlebars and a single seat option.
 USS Patrol No. 8 (SP-56) often rendered as USS Patrol #8 was an armed motorboat that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1919.Patrol No. 8 was built as a private motorboat of the same name in 1916 by Murray and Tregurthe at Boston Massachusetts. The U.S. Navy leased Patrol No. 8 from her owner millionaire Harold Stirling Vanderbilt of New York City on 10 May 1917 and commissioned her for service in World War I as USS Patrol No. 8 (SP-56) on 11 May 1917.
 The Airship Development AD1 was a British non-rigid gas-filled advertising airship. The airship had a 60000 cubic feet envelope made by the Reginald Foster Dagnall Company of Guildford. The airship registered G-FAAX was erected at Cramlington airfield near Newcastle where it was test flown on 6 November 1929.
 USS Oak Hill (LSD-7) was an Ashland-class dock landing ship of the United States Navy named in honor of Oak Hill the Virginia estate of President James Monroe (1758–1831). Oak Hill originally designated as a Mechanized Artillery Transport APM-7 was laid down by the Moore Dry Dock Co. Oakland California 9 March 1943; launched on 25 June 1943 sponsored by Mrs. Robert E. Garrels; and commissioned on 5 January 1944 Commander Carl A. Peterson in command.
 The K class were the largest submarines built for the Soviet Navy in the World War II era.
 Statesman was an automotive marque created in 1971 by General Motors Holden (GM-H) the Australian subsidiary of General Motors. Statesman vehicles were sold through Holden dealerships and were initially based on the mainstream Holden HQ station wagon platform thereby providing more interior room and generally more luxurious features than their Holden sedan siblings.
 SS Pacific was a wooden-hulled sidewheel steamer built in 1849 for transatlantic service with the American Collins Line.
 USS Connecticut (1861) was a large steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. Her primary task was to prevent ships from penetrating the Union blockade of Southern ports.Connecticut a side wheel steamer was built in 1861 by William Webb New York City; purchased by the Navy 18 July 1861; and commissioned 23 August 1861 Commander M. Woodhull in command.
 The Ford Mustang I is a small mid-engined (4-cylinder) open two-seater concept car with aluminium body work that was built in 1962. Although it shared few design elements with the final production vehicle it did lend its name to the line.
 Köln was a light cruiser the third member of the Königsberg class that was operated between 1929 and March 1945 including service in World War II. She was operated by two German navies the Reichsmarine and the Kriegsmarine. She had two sister ships Königsberg and Karlsruhe. Köln was built by the Deutsche Werke shipyard in Kiel; she was laid down in August 1926 launched in May 1928 and commissioned into the Reichsmarine in January 1930.
 The Viberti Musca 1 is a 1940s Italian two-seat civil touring monoplane produced by Ali Verberti SpA of Turin.The Musca 1 was a cantilever low-wing monoplane powered by a 85 hp (63 kW) Continental C85 flat-four piston engine. Named for the chief designer Franco Muscariello it had an enclosed side-by-side seating and a fixed conventional landing gear. The Musca 1 started production in 1948 and in 1951 the Musca 1bis was introduced with structural improvements.
 HMCS Quebec (C66) was a Crown Colony–class light cruiser that served the Royal Navy as HMS Uganda (C66) and the Royal Canadian Navy as HMCS Uganda during World War II. She served under her last name during the Cold War.
 The Great Northern Railway (Ireland) T2 class was a class of 4-4-2 tank locomotives. The GNR(I) had introduced the T1 class numbered 185–189 in 1913. They were designed for both suburban services and longer runs such as Dublin to Drogheda and Belfast to Armagh. They proved so successful that a further twenty were commissioned in 1921 1924 and 1929.
 The Valmet Tuuli was a trainer aircraft developed for the Finnish Air Force by the State Aircraft Factory (Valtion lentokonetehdas VL). The aircraft was to be produced in 3 different versions. The last version Tuuli III was redesigned from scratch and is basically an entirely different aircraft.
 The de Havilland DH.84 Dragon was a successful small commercial aircraft designed and built by the de Havilland company.
 USAHS Acadia was a US Army Hospital Ship during World War II. Built in 1932 by Newport News Shipbuilding as a civilian passenger/cargo ocean liner for the Eastern Steamship Lines the vessel was in US coastal and Caribbean service prior to its acquisition by the US Maritime Administration in 1941.
 USNS Neptune (ARC-2) was the lead ship in her class of cable repair ships in U.S. Naval service. The ship was built by Pusey & Jones Corp. of Wilmington Delaware Hull Number 1108 as the USACS William H. G. Bullard named for Rear Adm. William H. G. Bullard. She was the first of two Maritime Commission type S3-S2-BP1 ships built for the US Army near the end of World War II. The other ship was the Albert J. Myer which later joined her sister ship in naval service as the USNS Albert J.
 The USS Hopper (DDG-70) is an Arleigh Burke-class guided missile destroyer of the United States Navy named for the pioneering computer scientist Rear Admiral Amazing Grace Hopper.The contract to build the USS Hopper was awarded to Bath Iron Works Corporation in Bath Maine on 8 April 1992 and her keel was laid down on 23 February 1995. She was launched on 6 January 1996 sponsored by Mrs.
 HMS Borer was a 14-gun Bold-class gun-brig built by Tyson & Blake at Bursledon. She was launched in 1812 and sold off in 1815.
 The Nicoloso da Recco was a Navigatori-class destroyer built for the Royal Italian Navy (Regia Marina) in 1930. Named after the Italian Renaissance seaman Nicoloso da Recco she served during World War II in which she was the sole survivor of her destroyer class. She shot down three Beaufort bombers while escorting a two-freighter convoy on 21 June 1942 off Tunisia.
 USS LST-544 was a United States Navy LST-542-class tank landing ship in commission from 1944 to 1946.
 Southern Railway 1643 is a steam locomotive built in 1905 by the Pittsburgh Works of the American Locomotive Company for the Southern Railway. It is a 0-6-0 Switch engine of Southern's A-7 class.In 1952 the engine was sold to the Morehead & North Fork Railroad in Morehead Kentucky. Renumbered 12 the locomotive operated on the M&NF until the road dieselized in 1963. After the engine was retired it remained stored in one of the road's engine sheds.
 The Kam-Craft Kamvair-2 is an American aircraft designed for homebuilt construction.
 HMS Harrier was a Cruizer-class brig-sloop launched in 1804. She took part in several notable actions before she was lost presumed foundered in March 1809.
 See Lincoln Mark series for a complete overview of the Lincoln Mark Series.The Lincoln Continental Mark IV was a luxury car at the top end of the personal luxury car market sold under the Lincoln brand of the Ford Motor Company in North America between 1972 and 1976. It replaced the successful Continental Mark III and was in turn replaced by the Continental Mark V.
 The Brabus Bullit is an automobile designed and made by Brabus. It is the successor to the Brabus Rocket based on the Mercedes CLS. It is based on the new generation Mercedes C-Class but has been tuned to have 720 bhp (537 kW; 730 PS). It is also known as the Brabus Bullit Black Arrow or the Brabus Black Arrow.Performance Figures:720 bhp (537 kW; 730 PS).Top speed: 224 mph (360 km/h)0-60 mph (97 km/h) 3.9 seconds.
 German submarine U-312 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 10 April 1942 at the Flender Werke yard at Lübeck as 'werk' 312 launched on 27 February 1943 and commissioned on 21 April under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Kurt-Heinz Nicolay.During her career the U-boat sailed on eight combat patrols but sank no ships.
 HMS Northumberland is a Type 23 frigate of the Royal Navy. She is named after the Duke of Northumberland. She is the eighth RN ship to bear the name since the first 70 gun frigate in 1679 and the ninth in the class of Type 23 frigates. She is based at Devonport and is part of the Devonport Flotilla.
 Holland 5 was the last of the five Holland-class submarines ordered by the British Admiralty to evaluate the potential of the submarine with the Royal Navy. She was one of the first submarines to be accepted into Royal Navy service and unique to her class she carried one of the earliest periscopes. By the time she was launched a number of A class submarines had already been ordered to replace this class in navy service.She had a single hull design built from s grade steel.
 MV Ventura is a Grand-class cruise ship of the P&O Cruises fleet. The ship was built by Fincantieri at their shipyard in Monfalcone Italy. At 116017 tonnes and 291.4 m (956 ft) Ventura is the largest of seven ships currently in service with P&O Cruises and one of the largest in Europe. She is the sister ship of MS Azura.
 The K-1000 battleship was rumoured to be a type of advanced battleship produced by the Soviet Union at the beginning of the Cold War. Soviet intelligence agencies actively encouraged the circulation of rumours about the type which were reprinted by several Western journals including Jane's Fighting Ships.Accounts of the new Soviet battleships appeared in journals in France Germany and the USA in the late 1940s and early 1950s. The rumours were unclear about the specifications of the ships.
 German submarine U-17 was a Type IIB U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine. It was built in Germaniawerft Kiel where it was laid down on July 1 1935 and commissioned on December 3 1935 under the command of Werner Fresdorf.
 The ICAR Universal (I.C.A.R. Universal) was a 1930s Romanian two seat monoplane trainer touring and aerobatics aircraft.
 Discovered by divers from the French Navy Diving School in 1967 the archaeological investigations of the Roman wreck at Madrague de Giens constituted the first large scale “truly scientific underwater excavation[s] carried out in France”. The wreck lies at around 18 to 20 metres depth off the coast of the small fishing port of La Madrague de Giens on the Giens peninsula east of Toulon on the southern Mediterranean coast of France.
 PS Violet was a paddle steamer passenger vessel operated by the London and North Western Railway from 1880 to 1902.
 Rossie was a schooner launched at Baltimore in 1807. At the outbreak of the War of 1812 she became a privateer operating under a letter of marque. She made two voyages the first as a privateer and the less successful second as a letter of marque. The British captured her in January 1813.
 USS Ellyson (DD-454/DMS-19) a Gleaves-class destroyer is the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Theodore Gordon Ellyson a submariner who became the first officer of the U.S. Navy to be designated a naval aviator.
 SMS Friedrich der Grosse was the second vessel of the Kaiser class of battleships of the German Imperial Navy. Friedrich der Grosse's keel was laid on 26 January 1910 at the AG Vulcan dockyard in Hamburg her hull was launched on 10 June 1911 and she was commissioned into the fleet on 15 October 1912. The ship was equipped with ten 30.5-centimeter (12.0 in) guns in five twin turrets and had a top speed of 23.4 knots (43.3 km/h; 26.9 mph).
 USS Facility (AM-233) was an Admirable-class minesweeper built for the United States Navy during World War II. The ship was ordered and laid down as PCE-905-class patrol craft USS PCE-906 but was renamed and reclassified before her June 1944 launch as Facility (AM-233). After earning three battle stars for service in the Pacific during World War II she was decommissioned in September 1946 and placed in reserve.
 The XR class are a class of diesel locomotives built by Freight Australia at their South Dynon workshops.
 USCGC Dorado (WPB 87306) is the sixth cutter of the Marine Protector-class coastal patrol boats. Dorado was built at Bollinger Shipyards in Lockport Louisiana and commissioned in April 1999. Dorado is home ported in Crescent City California and serves under Coast Guard Group Humboldt Bay in the Eleventh Coast Guard District.
 IJN Kinugasa (衣笠 重巡洋艦 Kinugasa jūjun'yōkan) was the second vessel in the two-vessel Aoba-class of heavy cruisers in the Imperial Japanese Navy. It was named after Mount Kinugasa located in Yokosuka Kanagawa Japan.
 The Tupolev ANT-20 Maksim Gorky (Russian: Туполев АНТ-20 Максим Горький) was a Soviet eight-engine aircraft the largest of the 1930s. Its wingspan was similar to that of a modern Boeing 747.
 The Metropolitan Railway F class was a class of 0-6-2T side tank steam locomotive. They were based on the earlier E Class. Four locomotives numbered 90 to 93 were built by Yorkshire Engine Company in 1901. They were later numbered L49 to L52.
 The Boeing 7J7 was a short- to medium-range airliner proposed by the United States aircraft manufacturer Boeing in the 1980s. It would have carried 150 passengers and was touted as the successor to the successful Boeing 727. It was initially planned to enter service in 1992. This was intended as a highly fuel-efficient aircraft employing new technologies but it was cancelled when the price of oil dropped during the 1980s.
 The Fokker D.XIII was a fighter aircraft produced in the Netherlands in the mid-1920s. It was a development of the Fokker D.XI with a new powerplant and considerably refined aerodynamics and had been designed to meet the requirements of the clandestine flying school operated by the German Army at Lipetsk in the Soviet Union. Like its predecessor it was a conventional single-bay sesquiplane with staggered wings braced by V-struts.
 Super Mushshak (Proficient) is a more advanced upgraded variant of the MFI-17 Mushshak basic trainer. It was designed and is being manufactured at the Aircraft Manufacturing Factory Pakistan Aeronautical Complex Pakistan.
 Brilliance BS6 in China sold as Zhonghua Zunchi (Chinese: 中华尊驰) and more recently as the Brilliance M1 is a car produced by Brilliance Auto in the People's Republic of China. It was originally developed by Italdesign Giugiaro and launched as the Brilliance Zhonghua in December 2000.
 The G3 battlecruisers were a class of battlecruisers planned by the Royal Navy after the end of World War I in response to naval expansion programs by the United States and Japan. The four ships of this class would have been larger faster and more heavily armed than any existing battleship (although several projected foreign ships would be larger). The G3s have been considered to be proper fast battleships since they were well-balanced designs with adequate protection.
 The Breese-Wilde 5 is a custom built high wing monoplane that was produced for and used in the Dole Air Derby of 1927.
 HMS Charybdis was a Royal Navy Cruizer-class brig-sloop built by Mark Richards and John Davidson at Hythe and launched in 1809. She captured two American prizes during the War of 1812 before she was laid up in 1815 and sold in 1819.
 The Eagle Summit was a subcompact car produced by Mitsubishi Motors from 1989 to 1996. It was sold as a captive import by the Jeep-Eagle sales division that was created after Chrysler Corporation purchased American Motors Corporation (AMC) in 1987. The Summit was one of the passenger car lines to expand the marketing mix of the Jeep dealer sales and service network in North America.
 CSS David was a Civil War-era torpedo boat. On October 5 1863 she undertook a partially successful attack on the USS New Ironsides then participating in the blockade of Charleston South Carolina.
 HMAS Armidale (J240) named for the city of Armidale New South Wales was one of 60 Bathurst-class corvettes constructed during World War II and one of 36 initially manned and commissioned solely by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).Launched in early 1942 and initially assigned to convoy escort duties Armidale was transferred to Darwin in October 1942.
 Clary was a 215 GRT coaster that was built in 1943 by Van Diepen Scheepswerf Gebroeders NV Waterhuizen Netherlands for German owners. She was seized by the Allies in May 1945 at Nyborg Denmark and passed to the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) and renamed Empire Condee. In 1947 she was sold into merchant service and was renamed Condee. In 1950 a further sale saw her renamed Aisne. In 1960 she was sold to Jersey and renamed Clary.
 USS Davenport (PF-69) a Tacoma-class frigate was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Davenport Iowa.Davenport (PF-69) originally classified as PG-177 was launched on 8 December 1943 by Leathem D. Smith Shipbuilding Company of Sturgeon Bay Wisconsin under a Maritime Commission contract sponsored by Mrs. E.
 HMS Bonaventure was a submarine depot ship of the Royal Navy. She was initially built for civilian service with the Clan Line but on the outbreak of the Second World War she was requisitioned by the Navy and after being launched was converted for military service.
 The Azcárate O-E-1 was a reconnaissance-bomber aircraft developed in Mexico in the late 1920s. It was designed by General Brigadier Juan Francisco Azcárate and built at the TNCA workshops near Mexico City. A trainer version the Azcárate E-1 (for Escuela) was also built. It was a sesquiplane of conventional configuration with tailskid undercarriage and seating the crew in tandem open cockpits.
 Toyota Land Cruiser Prado is a mid-size four-wheel drive vehicle in the Toyota Land Cruiser range produced by the Japanese car maker Toyota Motor Corporation. The Prado is one of the smaller vehicles in the range.In Europe it is sold as simply the Toyota Land Cruiser LC3 LC4 or LC5 (depending on the generation) or with the number series designation (LC 70 LC 90 and LC 120).
 The Leipzig class was a class of two light cruisers of the German Kriegsmarine; the class comprised Leipzig the lead ship and Nürnberg which was built to a slightly modified design. The ships were improvements over the preceding Königsberg-class cruisers being slightly larger with a more efficient arrangement of the main battery and improved armor protection.
 USS Richard E. Byrd (DDG-23) a Charles F. Adams-class guided missile destroyer of the United States Navy was named after noted polar explorer Admiral Richard E. Byrd.The keel for the Richard E. Byrd was laid down 12 April 1961 by Todd Shipbuilding Corp. Seattle Washington. She was launched 6 February 1962; sponsored by Mrs. Richard E. Byrd whose daughter Mrs. Robert G. Breyer acted as proxy sponsor for the admiral's wife; and commissioned on 7 March 1964 Comdr. Walter G.
 USS LST-993 was an LST-542-class tank landing ship in the United States Navy. Like many of her class she was not named and is properly referred to by her hull designation.LST-993 was laid down on 7 March 1944 at the Boston Navy Yard; launched on 7 April 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Gladys L. Morey; and commissioned on 12 May 1944 Lt. A. W. Bates USNR in command.
 HMS Dispatch (also Despatch) was a Royal Navy Cruizer-class brig-sloop built by Richard Symons & Co. at Falmouth and launched in 1804. Dispatch was instrumental in the capture of a 40-gun French frigate and was active at the Battle of Copenhagen in 1807. She also sailed on the Jamaica station. She was broken up relatively early in 1811.
 HSC Our Lady Patricia was a high speed catamaran ferry which operated between the Isle of Wight and mainland England. She operated on the Wightlink Ryde Pier to Portsmouth route from 1986 to 2006 when she was sold. She was scrapped at Marchwood in 2006.
 The Smerch (Смерч) (Tornado) is a Nanuchka III-class corvette of the Russian Navy. It is classified as a Small Missile Ship/FFL (Малый Ракетный Корабль/МРК) and is currently registered with hull number 423.She is currently assigned to the Russian Pacific Ocean Fleet and was built in 1984.On 1 February 2014 it was reported that while under the command of Captain 3rd Rank Alexei Petrov (Алексей Петров) she conducted training in local waters near the Kamchatka Peninsula.
 The Jatco 3N71 transmission was the first 3-speed automatic transmission from Nissan. It was an introduced as a conventional alternative to the then-ubiquitous and popular Borg-Warner Type 35. It was designed for use with rear wheel drive vehicles with longitudinal engines.
 The A-12 was a highly unusual experimental glider designed by Georges Abrial in the early 1930s. Not only was the design tailless but it featured wings of extremely small aspect ratio (1:6) - short and stubby unlike the usually long and slender wings of a sailplane. After encouraging tests of models in the wind tunnel at St Cyr Abrial built a full-sized version.
 The Albatros L 79 Kobold was a single-seat German aerobatic aircraft of the 1920s and 30s. It was a single-bay biplane with unstaggered equal-span wings that had a symmetrical airfoil intended to ensure performance during inverted flight.
 The Aeroflying Sensation is a French ultralight aircraft designed by former Airbus engineer Jose Verges and produced by Aeroflying of Saint-André-des-Eaux Loire-Atlantique. It was introduced at the French Hombuilders Rally in Blois in 2007. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 HMS Chippawa  or Chippeway (slang var.)  was the mercantile schooner Chippawa built and launched in 1810.The British brought her into service as HM Schooner Chippawa sometimes recorded as Chippeway.The United States later captured her at the Battle of Lake Erie and brought her into service as USS Chippewa.A storm drove her aground in October 1813 where a British force burned her in December.
 The Fairmile H Landing Craft were British landing craft of the Second World War.
 BAP Capitán Quiñones (CL-83) was a Crown Colony class cruiser in service with the Peruvian Navy. It was completed for the Royal Navy in 1942 as HMS Newfoundland and after being withdrawn from service commissioned by the Marina de Guerra del Perú on December 30 1959.
 The Boeing 737 AEW&C is a twin-engine airborne early warning and control aircraft. It is lighter than the 707-based Boeing E-3 Sentry and mounts a fixed electronically scanned radar antenna instead of a rotating one. It was designed for the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) under Project Wedgetail and designated E-7A Wedgetail.
 The McDonnell Douglas X-36 Tailless Fighter Agility Research Aircraft was a subscale prototype jet designed to fly without the traditional tail surfaces used on most aircraft.
 HMS Vigilant was a 64-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 6 October 1774 at Bucklers Hard.By 1779 she had been deemed unseaworthy by the navy. She was stripped of her sails and used as a floating battery to support the amphibious landing of British Army troops on Port Royal Island South Carolina prior to the Battle of Beaufort.From 1799 she served as a prison ship and was broken up in 1816.
 The Albatros C.III was a German two-seat general-purpose biplane of World War I built by Albatros Flugzeugwerke. The C.III was a refined version of the successful Albatros C.I and was eventually produced in greater numbers than any other C-type Albatros.
 USC&GS Hilgard was a survey ship that served in the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey from 1942 to 1967.Hilgard was built by Robinson Marine at Benton Harbor Michigan in 1942.Hilgard and her sister ship USC&GS Wainwright conducted wire drag hydrographic survey operations together along the United States East Coast until 1967 when they were replaced by USC&GS Rude and USC&GS Heck.
 The Bulk carrier Harbel Tapper was launched in 1981 from the Koyo Dockyard Mihara Japan. Harbel Tapper was operated by L&C Shipping Lines the dedicated shipping service of Firestone Natural Rubber Company. The ship along with its sister ship the Harbel Cutlass provided the only direct shipping service between Liberia and the United States. The ship typically completed six round-trip voyages a year carrying both bulk liquid and dry cargo.
 USCGC Ingham (WHEC-35) is one of only two preserved Treasury-class United States Coast Guard Cutters. Originally Samuel D. Ingham she was the fourth cutter to be named for Treasury Secretary Samuel D. Ingham. She was the most decorated vessel in the Coast Guard fleet and was the only cutter to ever be awarded two Presidential Unit Citations.
 The M class were the standard minesweeper (German: Minensuchboot) of the German Navy (Kriegsmarine) during World War II.
 The Patrol Air Cushion Vehicle (PACV) was a United States Navy river patrol hovercraft used during the Vietnam War.The PACV was based on Bell Aerosystems Bell SK-5 hovercraft; a licensed version of the British Saunders-Roe (later British Hovercraft Corporation) SR.N5 hovercraft. The SK-5 was adapted for American military use in 1965. Three were purchased by the U.S. Navy for operations in the emerging Vietnam War.
 The Radioplane BTT known as RP-71 by the company was a family of target drones produced by the Radioplane Company and later Northrop.
 Thomas McCunn (ON 759) is a Watson class lifeboat stationed at Longhope in Orkney Scotland from January 1933 until April 1962. During which time she was launched on service 101 times and saved 308 lives. After Thomas McCunn left Longhope she was placed into the reserve fleet for a few years before being sold and used as a pleasure boat. In 2000 she was bought by Longhope Lifeboat Museum.
 RMS Empress of England was an ocean liner built in 1956-1957 by Vickers-Armstrongs Newcastle United Kingdom for the Canadian Pacific Steamships. The ship was launched in 1956; and she undertook her maiden voyage in 1957. The ship was ordered along with two other sister ships -- the Empress of Britain and the Empress of Canada.
 The Nanchang Q-6 (Chinese: 強-6; pinyin: Qiang-6) is a cancelled ground attack aircraft of the People's Republic of China (PRC) with the Nanchang Aircraft Factory (later reorganized into Hongdu Aviation Industry Group) as the prime contractor. The project never went beyond the prototype stage despite a prolonged development.
 The Douglas F4D Skyray (later redesignated F-6 Skyray) was an American carrier-based supersonic fighter/interceptor built by the Douglas Aircraft Company. Although it was in service for a relatively short time and never entered combat it was notable for being the first carrier-launched aircraft to hold the world's absolute speed record at 752.943 mph and was the first United States Navy and United States Marine Corps fighter that could exceed Mach 1 in level flight.
 HMAS Vampire was the third of three Australian-built Daring class destroyers serving in the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).
 The Hawker 400 is a small twin-engine jet corporate aircraft. Initially designed and built by Mitsubishi it has been further developed and updated by the Beech Aircraft Company now part of Hawker Beechcraft.
 The Potosi was a five-masted steel barque built in 1895 by the German sailing ship company F. Laeisz as a trading vessel. As its shipping route was between Germany and Chile it was designed to be capable of withstanding the rough weather encountered around Cape Horn.The Potosi was named after the eponymous Bolivian town of Potosí (the highest city in the world) the name beginning with P according to a Laeisz' tradition begun in the 1880s.
 German submarine U-180 was a Type IXD1 transport U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine which served in World War II. Her keel was laid down on 25 February 1941 at the AG Weser yard in Bremen as 'werk' 1020. She was launched on 10 December 1941 and commissioned on 16 May 1942 under Fregattenkapitän Werner Musenberg. Stripped of torpedo armament the Type IXD1s were designated as transport submarines and could carry up to 252 tonnes of freight. U-180 was used primarily in clandestine operations.
 The SZD-56 Diana is a 15 metre class glider originally designed by Bogumił Bereś at PZL-Bielsko. However PZL Bielsko went bankrupt before it could be put into serial production. The rights to the design were taken over by a new entity Diana Sailplanes which developed the design further and called it the Diana 2. By 2011 the aircraft was being produced by Design Office Bogumil Beres. This glider first flew on 12 January 2005.
 The Letov Š-28 was a Czechoslovak single-engined two-seat reconnaissance aircraft. It was manufactured by Letov Kbely in a number of versions with different powerplants. Most important version was Š-328 which was produced in relatively high quantities (412 planes produced).
 The J & J Ultralights Tukan (English: Toucan) is an American flying wing ultralight trike that was marketed by J & J Ultralights Leading Edge Air Foils and Kemmeries Aviation. The aircraft was supplied as a kit as parts and as plans for amateur construction.
 SM U-136 was one of the 329 submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy in World War I. U-136 was engaged in the naval warfare and took part in the First Battle of the Atlantic.
 USNS Adventurous (T-AGOS-13) was a Stalwart class Modified Tactical Auxiliary General Ocean Surveillance Ship of the United States Navy.Stalwart class ships were originally designed to collect underwater acoustical data in support of Cold war anti-submarine warfare operations in the 1980s. Ex-USNS Adventurous is now NOAA R/V Dr. Oscar Elton Sette.
 The Hawker Siddeley Andover (HS 780) is a twin-engined turboprop military transport aircraft produced by Hawker Siddeley for the Royal Air Force developed from the Avro-designed HS 748 airliner. The Andover was named after the Avro Andover a Royal Air Force (RAF) biplane transport used for medical evacuation between the first and second world wars; and RAF Andover where trials of the aircraft were partially carried out.
 The LSWR T3 class was a class of express passenger 4-4-0 steam locomotives designed for the London and South Western Railway by William Adams. Twenty were constructed between 1892–1893.The class were numbered 557–576 and had been intended as a variant of the X2 class with slightly smaller driving wheels (6 ft 7 in or 2.007 m versus 7 ft 1 in or 2.159 m).
 Salamander of Leith was a warship of the 16th-century Royal Scots Navy. She was a wedding present from Francis I of France to James V of Scotland.
 The second USS South Dakota (ACR-9) also referred to Armored Cruiser No. 9 and later renamed Huron (CA-9) was a United States Navy Pennsylvania-class armored cruiser.She was launched on 21 July 1904 by the Union Iron Works San Francisco California sponsored by Grace Herreid (daughter of Charles N. Herreid Governor of South Dakota) and commissioned on 27 January 1908 Captain James T. Smith in command.
 The McDonnell Douglas MD-94X was a planned propfan-powered airliner intended to begin production in 1994. The aircraft was to seat between 160 and 180 passengers in an unknown seating configuration. An all-new design it was developed in the late 1980s to compete with the similar Boeing 7J7.
 The ALCO FA was a family of B-B diesel locomotives designed to haul freight trains. The locomotives were built by a partnership of ALCO and General Electric in Schenectady New York between January 1946 and May 1959. They were of a cab unit design and both cab-equipped lead (A unit) FA and cabless booster (B unit) FB models were built. A dual passenger-freight version the FPA/FPB was also offered.
 MS Riviera is an Oceania-class cruise ship which entered service with Oceania Cruises in May 2012. She is the sister ship of MS Marina.Riviera was built by Fincantieri in Sestri Ponente Italy and was launched in July 2011. The vessel was originally scheduled to be christened in Monte Carlo on 19 April 2012 but in January 2012 it was announced that the ship's maiden voyage would be delayed to May due to shipyard labor strikes.
 The Porsche 993 is the company's internal name for the version of the Porsche 911 model manufactured and sold between late 1994 and early 1998 replacing the 964. Its discontinuation marked the end of air-cooled Porsches.Like previous and future generations of the Porsche 911 there were several variants of the car manufactured varying in body style drivetrains and included equipment.
 Siddaganga Intercity Express is a daily train that runs between Dharwad and Bangalore in Karnataka India. Until 2011 this train ran from Hubli to Bangalore. It was extended to Dharwad in 2011. It takes 8 hours 50 minutes to cover 490 kilometres (300 mi). It has 12 stops and 65 intermediate Stations.It is numbered as 12725/12726. The train belongs to Hubli Division of South Western Railway.
 Class M10 is a mainline diesel-electric locomotive built by Diesel Locomotive Works India which is the largest diesel-electric locomotive manufacturer in India for Sri Lanka Railways and imported in 2012. M10 is similar in appearance to DLW WDM3D but specifications are somewhat different. This is one of longest locomotives in Sri Lanka. These Locomotives are for the Sri Lanka Railways as part of the ongoing Northern Railway reconstruction project.
 Perseverance IV is a preserved Wey barge moored at Dapdune Wharf on the River Wey. She was the final barge to leave the historic yards at Dapdune Guildford in 1966. She is on the National Register of Historic Ships under registration number 2080 but does not form part of the National Historic Fleet.
 MV Hebrides was the first of a trio of hoist-loading car ferries built for David MacBrayne Ltd in 1964 and operated on the Uig Skye to Tarbert and Lochmaddy route in Scotland for over twenty years. She is the only Calmac vessel to have crossed the Atlantic. In later years as Illyria she sailed between Italy and Albania.
 The Campbell-Railton Blue Bird was Sir Malcolm Campbell's final land speed record car.His previous Campbell-Napier-Railton Blue Bird of 1931 was rebuilt significantly. The overall layout and the simple twin deep chassis rails remained but little else. The bodywork remained similar with the narrow body the tombstone radiator grille and the semi-spatted wheels but the mechanics were new.
 Tom Rolt is a narrow gauge steam locomotive constructed by the Talyllyn Railway using parts from an Andrew Barclay locomotive built in 1949 for Bord na Móna.
 The Adler Diplomat is a substantial six-cylinder “limousine” (saloon) built by the Frankfurt auto-maker Adler. It was introduced in March 1934 as a direct replacement for the manufacturer’s Standard 6 .
 HMS Proserpine was a Pelorus class cruiser of the Royal Navy. There were eleven Third class protected cruisers in the class which was designed by Sir William White.
 USS Lake Erie (CG-70) is a Ticonderoga-class guided-missile cruiser of the United States Navy named after the U.S. Navy's decisive victory in the Battle of Lake Erie during the War of 1812. She is the first U.S. Navy ship to be commissioned in Hawaii.The USS Lake Erie is a baseline 4 Ticonderoga class ship with integrated AN/UYK-43/44 computers (in place of UYK-7 and UYK-20) and superset computer programs originally developed for the Arleigh Burke-class guided missile destroyers.
 The Niederflur-Express-Triebzug (NExT English: low-floor express trainset) is an electric multiple unit light commuter train developed by Stadler Rail for the Swiss Regionalverkehr Bern-Solothurn (RBS) railway. With a top speed of 120 km/h it is the fastest metre gauge train in Switzerland.Six three-carriage trains are scheduled to be delivered in 2009 at a cost of 53.4 million CHF.
 The Sopwith 3F.2 Hippo was a prototype British two-seat fighter aircraft of the First World War. It was a single-engined biplane with considerable negative stagger. It was not successful the Bristol F.2 Fighter (already in production) being preferred by the Royal Flying Corps.
 German submarine U-269 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The U-boat was laid down on 18 September 1941 by Bremer Vulkan at Bremen-Vegesack launched on 24 June 1942 and commissioned on 19 August under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Karl-Heinrich Harlfinger.During its career the submarine failed to sink or damage any vessels but neither did it lose any crew members prior to its sinking on 25 June 1944.
 The Tatra 600 named the Tatraplan was a large car from the Czech manufacturer Tatra.After World War II Tatra continued its pre-war business of building passenger cars in addition to commercial (and military) vehicles. The factory was nationalised in 1946 two years before the Communist takeover. Although production of pre-war models continued a new model the Tatra 600 Tatraplan was designed in 1946-47 by Josef Chalupa Vladimír Popelář František Kardaus and Hans Ledwinka.
 SS Ellengowan was a schooner rigged single screw steamer built by Akers Mekaniske Værksted in Christiania (Oslo) Norway under her original name Nøkken. The vessel was powered by sail and a vertical direct acting steam engine. Ellengowan sank at its moorings unmanned during the night of 27 April 1888 in Port Darwin and was abandoned. 103 years later in 1991 she was discovered by divers making it the oldest known shipwreck in Darwin Harbour.
 The R.F.D. 2 was a single seat wooden sailplane built in the UK in 1930. Interchangeable centre sections allowed it to be configured either as a sailplane or a shorter span secondary (advanced training) glider. Only one was completed.
 HMS A2 was an early Royal Navy submarine. She was launched in 1903 and sold for scrap in 1925.
 USS Lanikai was a schooner-rigged diesel powered yacht commissioned into the United States Navy during both World War I and World War II before being transferred to the Royal Australian Navy.The ship was built as MY Hermes by W. F. Stone of Oakland California in 1914 for the Williams-Diamond Company agents for the trading company Jaluit-Gesellschaft of Hamburg Germany.
 USS Charr (SS/AGSS-328) a Balao-class submarine was a ship of the United States Navy named for the charr a trout of the waters of northwestern North America.SS-328 originally designated Bocaccio was renamed Charr on 24 September 1942 and launched 28 May 1944 by Electric Boat Co. Groton Conn.; sponsored by Mrs. W. F. Orkney; and commissioned 23 September 1944 Commander F. D. Boyle in command.
 MV Megan Beyel is a down range support ship mainly used as a transport vehicle to support other ships offloading cargo during operations. It is run entirely by a civilian crew that is contracted to aide the military vessels where needed. Its small size allows it to operate in conditions and ports that other vessels would not be able to operate in.
 USRC Kewanee was a Pawtuxet-class screw steam revenue cutter built for the United States Revenue Marine during the American Civil War. Commissioned in August 1864 Kewanee served out the last eight months of the war on convoy and patrol duty along the East Coast of the United States. In the postwar period she participated in the usual duties of a revenue cutter including patrolling for contraband and aiding vessels in distress.
 The Boeing XPB (company Model 50) was an American twin-engined biplane long-range patrol flying boat of the 1920s. A single example was built for the United States Navy.
 USS Shelikof (AVP-52) was a United States Navy Barnegat-class small seaplane tender in commission from 1944 to 1947 and from 1952 to 1954.
 USS Randolph (CV/CVA/CVS-15) was one of 24 Essex-class aircraft carriers built during World War II for the United States Navy. The second US Navy ship to bear the name she was named for Peyton Randolph president of the First Continental Congress. Randolph was commissioned in October 1944 and served in several campaigns in the Pacific Theater of Operations earning three battle stars.
 MS Carnival Paradise is the eighth and last vessel in Carnival Cruise Lines' Fantasy-class cruise ships. She was built in 1998 by Kvaerner Masa-Yards Helsinki New Shipyard Finland as the MS Paradise. From September 2004 to December 2011 she sailed out of Long Beach California doing three and four day Baja Mexico cruises that visited Catalina Island and Ensenada.
 The Braunschweig-class battleships were pre-dreadnought battleships of the Kaiserliche Marine (the German Imperial Navy). The class comprised five ships: Braunschweig Elsass Hessen Preussen and Lothringen. The ships were an improvement over the preceding Wittelsbach class; the ships mounted a more powerful main battery were two knots faster and had better armor protection.The five ships all saw active service during World War I primarily as coast defense ships in the IV Battle Squadron.
 The Opel Kadett B was launched at the Frankfurt Motor Show in late summer 1965. The Kadett B was larger all-round than the Kadett A: 5% longer both overall and in terms of the wheelbase 7% wider and 9% heavier (unladen weight) albeit 10 mm (0.39 in) lower in basic standard Limousine (sedan/saloon) form. Production ended in July 1973 with the successor model introduced a month later following the summer shut-down in August.
 SS Donegal was a Midland Railway passenger ferry that served in the First World War as an ambulance ship. She was completed in 1904 and sunk by enemy action in April 1917.
 USS Direct (AM-90) was an Adroit-class minesweeper of the United States Navy. Laid down on 26 December 1941 by the Dravo Corporation Neville Island Pittsburgh Pennsylvania launched on 25 April 1942 and commissioned on 31 August 1942. The ship started conversion to a submarine chaser on 16 May 1944 at Norfolk Virginia and was reclassified PC-1594 on 1 June 1944.
 The Glen class tugs were a class of tugboats of the Royal Canadian Navy built during World War II. There were three designs of tug; two were of steel-hulled construction and the other was wooden-hulled. Of the 20 of the class built 16 were of the steel-hulled type; 11 built by Russel Bros. of Owen Sound Ontario and 5 by Canadian Dredge & Dock Co. Kingston Ontario.
 The Kaiman class were a group of submarines built for the Imperial Russian Navy before World War I. They were designed by Simon Lake and built by the Crichton Yard in Saint Petersburg. The boats had numerous defects resulting in a legal battle between Lake and the Russian Government. The boats were impounded in 1910 and rebuilding work took place to remedy some of the defects. The boats finally commissioned in 1911 and served in the Baltic Fleet.
 USS Texas (BB-35) the second ship of the United States Navy named in honor of the U.S. state of Texas is a New York-class battleship. The ship was launched on 18 May 1912 and commissioned on 12 March 1914.Soon after her commissioning Texas saw action in Mexican waters following the Tampico Incident and made numerous sorties into the North Sea during World War I.
 The Caledonian Railway 55 Class were 4-6-0 mixed-traffic locomotives designed by John F. McIntosh and built at the railway’s St. Rollox works in Glasgow in 1902-1905.
 USNS Leroy Grumman (T-AO-195) is a Henry J. Kaiser-class fleet replenishment oiler of the United States Navy.
 The PS Emmylou is a Murray River paddle steamer. It is driven by a restored 1906 steam engine.The PS Emmylou starred as the fictional paddle steamer PS Providence in the Australian television mini-series All the Rivers Run made in Echuca in 1982-1983. Another local vessel the heritage PS Pevensey starred in the role as the fictional PS Philadelphia in the series.
 USS Porter (Destroyer No. 59/DD-59) was a Tucker-class destroyer built for the United States Navy prior to the American entry into World War I. The ship was the second U.S. Navy vessel named in honor of both David Porter and his son David Dixon Porter.Porter was laid down by the William Cramp and Sons of Philadelphia in August 1914 and launched in August of the following year.
 The H class blimps were observation airships built for the U.S. Navy in the early 1920s. The design originated with a suggestion by Commander Lewis Maxfield (who was to have commanded the ZR-2 better known as the R38 and died in its crash) for a small airship which could be used either as a tethered kite balloon or be towed by a ship until releasing its cable it would be able to scout on its own. The results was an airship similar to the later Army Motorized Kite Balloons.
 The Avioane Craiova IAR-93 Vultur (Eagle) is a twin-engine subsonic close support ground attack and tactical reconnaissance aircraft with secondary capability as low level interceptor. Built as single-seat main attack version or combat capable two-seat version for advanced flying and weapon training it was developed as a joint Yugoslav-Romanian project in the 1970s for the air forces of both nations. The Romanian aircraft were built by I.R.Av.
 USS Caracara (AMc-40) an Accentor-class minesweeper commissioned by the U.S. Navy for use during World War II was named after the Caracara a large South American hawk.
 The Waco 10/GXE/Waco O series was a range of three-seat open-cockpit biplanes built by the Advance Aircraft Company later the Waco Aircraft Company.
 The Atlantic 21 is part of the B class of lifeboats that served the shores of the United Kingdom as a part of the RNLI inshore fleet.
 MV Empire MacCallum was a grain ship converted to become a Merchant Aircraft Carrier or MAC ship.MV Empire MacCallum was built at Lithgows shipyard Glasgow Scotland under order from the Ministry of War Transport. As a MAC ship only her air crew and the necessary maintenance staff were naval personnel and she was operated by Hain Steam Ship Co Ltd of St Ives. Amongst the aircraft that served on Empire MacCallum was Fairey Swordfish Mk II LS326 where it became part of 'K' flight.
 The South African Class 1 4-8-0 of 1904 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Natal Colony.In 1904 the Natal Government Railways placed fifty Class B 4-8-0 Mastodon steam locomotives in service. Six of them were modified to a 4-8-2 Mountain wheel arrangement in 1906. In 1912 when the remaining forty-four 4-8-0 locomotives were assimilated into the South African Railways they were renumbered and classified as Class 1.
 The Annie Larsen was a three-masted schooner that was involved in arms shipment in the Hindu German Conspiracy during World War I. Annie Larsen was built by the Hall Brothers in 1881. She was owned by James Tufts of San Francisco and later by Olson & Mahony and sailed in the coastwise lumber trade.
 The Nissan Fuga (Japanese: 日産・フーガ) is a full-size luxury sedan produced by Japanese automaker Nissan since October 2004. It is built on a wider stretched wheelbase version of the Nissan FM platform. After the Nissan Cima and Nissan President were discontinued in August 2010 the Fuga became Nissan's flagship vehicle.
 HMS Stork was an 16-gun ship sloop of the Cormorant class in the Royal Navy ordered in November 1794 to a joint design by Sir John Henslow and William Rule launched in 1796 at Deptford Dockyard.
 HMCS Swansea was a Canadian River-class frigate that was the most successful U-boat hunter in the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War having a hand in the destruction of four of them. She saw service in the Battle of the Atlantic from 1943-1945. Following the war she was refit as a Prestonian-class frigate. She is named for Swansea Ontario.Swansea was ordered in October 1941 as part of the 1942-1943 building program. She was laid down on 15 July 1942 by Yarrows Ltd.
 The Ford Taunus is a family car sold by Ford in Germany and other countries. Models from 1970 onward were similar to the Ford Cortina in the United Kingdom. The model line was named after the Taunus mountain range in Germany and was first made in 1939 and continued through several versions until 1994.
 Black Warrior is the name of a Confederate two-masted schooner that participated in the defense of Roanoke Island in North Carolina during the Civil War. Its brief wartime career ended with its burning at Elizabeth City North Carolina.
 Herakles was a pusher vessel owned by Finnish towing and marine salvage company Alfons Håkans Oy Ab.
 The Mercury M-Series pickup truck was produced between 1946 and 1968 by Ford Motor Company of Canada primarily for Canada. Early versions often came with a higher output (CM-1 designated) Mercury/Ford flathead V8 engine over and above the unique Mercury-specific grille badging and trim that adorned every Mercury M-Series truck.
 USS Ottawa (AKA-101) was a Tolland-class attack cargo ship of the United States Navy named after counties in the states of Kansas Michigan Ohio and Oklahoma. She served as a commissioned ship for 23 months. Like all AKAs Ottawa was designed to carry military cargo and landing craft and to use the latter to land weapons supplies and Marines on enemy shores during amphibious operations.
 HMS Bickerton was a Buckley class Captains class frigate during World War II. Named after Sir Richard Bickerton commander of HMS Terrible at the First Battle of Ushant during the American Revolutionary War.Originally this ship was provisionally given the name USS Eisele (this name was reassigned to DE-34) however the delivery was diverted to the Royal Navy before the launch. The Commanding Officers were Lieutenant EM Thorpe RN and Commander D. MacIntyre (Senior Officer 5th Escort Group).
 The Chung Shyang II UAV is an unmanned aerial vehicle developed by Chungshan Institute of Science and Technology (CSIST) under Taiwan's Ministry of National Defense.
 The LAK-19 is a Lithuanian single-seat sailplane manufactured by Sportinė Aviacija.
 Alice a Hunslet 0-4-0 ST used to work in the Dinorwic slate quarries at Llanberis in North Wales. Built in 1902 as Works No. 780 the locomotive was originally called ‘No. 4’. There was an earlier Alice which was built in 1889 (Works No. 492) later renamed King of the Scarlets.
 The Spartan C4 is an American four-seat cabin monoplane designed and built by the Spartan Aircraft Company.
 The Bittern class sloop was a three ship class of long-range escort vessels used in the Second World War by the Royal Navy.
 The Holden VT Commodore Berlina and Calais are the tenth iteration of the Holden Commodore a full-size car built by Holden the Australian subsidiary of General Motors. Released in 1997 the VT was updated as a part of the VT II revision in 1999 before being replaced by the VX model in 2000.The VT Commodore was named as the Wheels Car of the Year for 1997 the VT being the fourth Commodore series to have won the annual award.
 M/S Princess of Tasmania was an Australian-built roll-on/roll-off RO/RO passenger ship. She was built by the NSW State Dockyard in Newcastle New South Wales (identified by the shipyard as No. 61) for the Australian National Line. The vessel was laid down on 15 November 1957 and launched on 15 December 1958. As built the ship had a tonnage value of 3964 gross register tons (GRT) was 113.32 metres (371.8 ft) long had a beam of 17.73 metres (58.2 ft) and a draught of 4.74 metres (15.6 ft).
 The Max Holste MH.1521 Broussard is a 1950s French six-seat utility monoplane designed by Max Holste to meet a French Army requirement.
 The Chichibu Railway 7800 series (秩父鉄道7800系) is a 2-car electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by the Japanese private railway operator Chichibu Railway on Chichibu Main Line local services since 16 March 2013.
 USS Billfish (SSN-676) a Sturgeon-class attack submarine was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the billfish a name used for any fish such as gar or spearfish with bill-shaped jaws.
 The CHF50 is the Model Id for a scooter manufactured by Honda and marketed as the Metropolitan in the United States the Jazz in Canada the Scoopy in Australia and the Crea Scoopy in Japan. The 2002 to 2005 models can reach a speed of 38–40 mph (61–64 km/h) at 8000 rpm whereas 2006 to 2009 later models can reach 43 mph (69 km/h) at 8850rpm.
 USS Pasco (PF-6) a Tacoma-class patrol frigate in commission from 1944 to 1945 has thus far been the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Pasco Washington. She later served in the Soviet Navy as EK-12 and in the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force as JDS Kashi (PF-283) and as YAC-12.
 The first USS Anemone was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Union Navy as a tugboat in support of the Union Navy blockade of Confederate waterways.
 HMAS Stawell (J348/M348) was a Bathurst class corvette named for the town of Stawell Victoria. Sixty Bathurst class corvettes were constructed during World War II and Stawell was one of 36 initially manned and commissioned solely by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).The corvette later served in the Royal New Zealand Navy (RNZN) as HMNZS Stawell.
 HMCS Renard (S13) was an armed yacht that served in the Royal Canadian Navy as a patrol vessel from 1940 to 1944.
 The Siemens C651 trains form a type of rolling stock that can be found on the North South Line and East West Line of the Mass Rapid Transit system in Singapore. A total of 114 cars were purchased and introduced from 1994 onwards. This is the only fleet retaining the white exterior bodies (just like the C151 trains before refurbishment) that are used on the North South Line and the East West Line.
 SS Andrea Doria pronounced /ˈændriə ˈdɔəriə/ AN-dre-a DOHR-ee-a was an ocean liner for the Italian Line (Società di navigazione Italia) home ported in Genoa Italy most famous for her sinking in 1956 when 52 people were killed (51 from immediate impact).[citation needed]Named after the 16th-century Genoese admiral Andrea Doria the ship had a gross register tonnage of 29100 and a capacity of about 1200 passengers and 500 crew.
 USS Garland (AM-238) was an Admirable-class minesweeper built for the U.S. Navy during World War II. She was built to clear minefields in offshore waters and served the Navy in the Pacific Ocean. At war’s end she returned home proudly bearing two battle stars to her credit.Garland was launched 20 February 1944 by Winslow Marine Railway & Shipbuilding Co. Winslow Washington; sponsored by Miss Karen Lundberg; and commissioned 26 August 1944 Lt. Carl Carmichael in command.
 The Smart Forfour is a supermini car produced by the Smart division of the German manufactuer Daimler AG between April 2004 and June 2006 and available only in Europe. Unlike the other models of the marque the Forfour was a more conventional five-door hatchback with a relatively roomy interior available as a four/five-seater.
 SM U-124 was one of the 329 submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy in World War I. U-124 was engaged in the naval warfare and took part in the First Battle of the Atlantic under the command of Kapitänleutnant Rolf Carls (later a Generaladmiral in the Kriegsmarine).
 HMS Magpie (U82) was a Royal Navy Modified Black Swan class sloop launched in 1943 and broken up in 1959. She was the seventh Royal Navy ship to bear the name.
 USS Trout (SS-566) a Tang-class submarine was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the trout fish.
 USS SC-34 until July 1920 known as USS Submarine Chaser No. 34 or USS S.C. 34 was an SC-1-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I. SC-34 was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn New York. She was commissioned on 9 January 1918 as USS Submarine Chaser No. 34 abbreviated at the time as USS S.C. 34.When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920 Submarine Chaser No.
 See USS Decatur for other ships of the same name.The fourth USS Decatur (DD-936) was a Forrest Sherman-class destroyer of the United States Navy in service from 1956 to 1983. She was named for Commodore Stephen Decatur USN (1779–1820). Decatur was modernised as a guided missile destroyer in the mid-1960s and re-designated DDG-31. After her decommissioning in 1983 she operated as the U.S. Navy's Self Defense Test Ship from 1994 to 2003. She was finally sunk as a target the following year.
 The Qoros 3 is the first automobile from the Chinese manufacturer Qoros Auto jointly (50%-50%) owned by Israel Corporation and China's Chery Automobile Company. The four-door sedan was formally announced at the Geneva Motor Show in March 2013. The Qoros 3 commenced sales in China and Slovakia towards the end of 2013 and deliveries started in China in January 2014.
 The Boeing P-12 or F4B was an American pursuit aircraft that was operated by the United States Army Air Corps and United States Navy.
 USS Guardfish (SS-217) a Gato-class submarine was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for the guardfish a voracious green and silvery fish with elongated pike-like body and long narrow jaws.Guardfish was laid down by the Electric Boat Company at Groton Connecticut. She was launched there on 20 January 1942 (sponsored by Mrs. Edward J. Marquart) and commissioned at New London Conn. 8 May 1942 Lt. Comdr. Thomas B. Klakring in command.
 The Indian Model O was a lightweight motorcycle made by the Hendee Manufacturing Company from 1917 to 1919. Indian expected to sell the Model O to young or thrifty riders. The United States' entry into World War I caused Indian to shift manufacture to military motorcycles and the low cost of the Ford Model T caused the market for lightweight motorcycles to collapse.
 SMS Stosch was a Bismarck-class corvette built for the German Imperial Navy (Kaiserliche Marine) in the late 1870s.
 Sh-Tandem (Russian: Ш-Тандем other designations include Sh-MAI and MAI-Tandem) was a Soviet experimental ground attack aircraft of the 1930s. Designed by Peter Grushin at the Moscow Aviation Institute (hence the MAI designation) the aeroplane featured an unusual tandem wing with the tail planes as large as 45% of the wing area. Elevators served as ailerons at the same time.
 The Moskvitch 410 is a car which was made by Soviet manufacturer Moskvitch from 1957. The 410 was conceived as a four wheel drive version of the Moskvitch 402.It was powered by a 35 hp (26 kW) engine but in 1958 upgraded to the 410N (in Russian: 407Н) fitted with a more modern 45 hp (34 kW) unit from Moskvitch 407. An estate called the 411 was also made from 1958. Three-door wagon 431 remained a prototype.
 MV Claymore was a car and passenger ferry built in 1978 for Caledonian MacBrayne. For ten years she operated between Oban and the Outer Isles. Between October 2002 and March 2009 she was the Pentland Ferries relief vessel on the Short Sea Crossing to Orkney. Since March 2009 she has operated as MV Sia a RORO cable-laying and supply vessel.
 The Volvo B10BLE is a low-entry bus chassis manufactured by Volvo in Sweden. It was popular in Australia Scandinavia and the United Kingdom. It was launched around 1992 with the engine mounted on the rear overhang of the bus. It was the successor of the citybus version of Volvo B10B and is used as a base for single-deck buses worldwide.
 SS Southern Cross was a steam-powered sealing vessel that operated primarily in Norway and Newfoundland and Labrador.She was lost at sea returning from the seal hunt on March 31 1914 killing all 174 men aboard in the same storm that killed 78 crewmen from the SS Newfoundland a collective tragedy that became known as the 1914 Newfoundland Sealing Disaster.
 The 1460 class was a class of diesel locomotives built by Clyde Engineering Eagle Farm for Queensland Railways between 1964 and 1966.
 The Bacchante class was a group of three iron screw corvettes in service with the Royal Navy from the late 1870s.
 Edwin Fox is unique in that she is the only intact hull of a wooden deepwater sailing ship built to British specifications surviving in the world outside the Falkland Islands. She is the world's oldest surviving merchant sailing ship and is also the only surviving ship that transported convicts to Australia. Edwin Fox carried settlers to both Australia and New Zealand and carried troops in the Crimean War. The ship is dry-docked at The Edwin Fox Maritime Centre at Picton in New Zealand.
 The Focke-Wulf Fw 191 was a prototype German bomber of World War II. Two versions were intended to be produced a twin-engine version using the Junkers Jumo 222 engine and a four-engine variant which was to have used the smaller Daimler-Benz DB 605 engine. The project was eventually abandoned due to technical difficulties with the engines.
 The MSC Rosaria is a container ship built in 2007 by the Daewoo Mangalia Heavy Industries in Mangalia Romania and currently operated by Mediterranean Shipping Company S.A.. She is the fourth ship delivered to the Swiss company in a series of 12 ordered.The 54549 DWT ship has a container capacity of 4860 TEU's.
 USCGC William Flores is a Sentinel-class cutter homeported in Coast Guard District 7 Miami Florida.Like her sister ships she is equipped for coastal security patrols interdiction of drug and people smugglers and search and rescue. Like the smaller Marine Protector class she is equipped with a stern launching ramp. The ramp allows the deployment and retrieval of her high speed water-jet powered pursuit boat without first coming to a stop.
 The Dodge Matador was a full-sized automobile produced for the 1960 model year by the Dodge division of the Chrysler Corporation.
 The Porsche LMP2000 (also known as the Porsche 9R3) was a Le Mans Prototype racing car that was developed between 1998 and 2000 but never raced. One car was built and it was designed around a modified version of Porsche's 3.5-litre V10 engine that was originally designed for Formula 1 in 1992. The project was cancelled before the car was built leading to various rumours about the reason for its demise.
 The Zebra was a three-masted ship built in 1818 and displacing 350 tonnes. On 12 August 1838 the Zebra captained by Dirk Meinhertz Hahn departed from Altona Hamburg for its voyage to Port Misery South Australia. The ship arrived at its destination on 28 December 1838. On board was a crew of 16 and 188 passengers with their belongings.
 Not to be confused with the Ford FK 1000 from 1953 which was also named Ford Köln.The Ford Köln is an automobile from the Cologne Germany plant of the Ford Motor Company produced from 1933 until 1936.
 F125 is the project name for the Type 125 Baden-Württemberg class of frigates currently in development for the German Navy by ARGE F125 a joint-venture of Thyssen-Krupp and Lürssen. The F125-class are officially classified as frigates but in size they are comparable to destroyers since with a displacement of more than 7200 tons they will be the biggest class of frigate worldwide. They are to replace the Bremen class.
 The first USS Courtney (SP-375) was a patrol vessel and minesweeper in commission in the United States Navy from 1917-1919.Courtney was built in 1912 by Jackson and Sharpe Boatbuilders of Wilmington Delaware as Warren J. Courtney a wooden-hulled steam fishing vessel of the Menhaden Fisherman design. The U.S. Navy acquired her from the C. E. Davis Packing Company of Reedville Virginia on 28 May 1917 for World War I service.
 The Akaflieg Stuttgart FS-16 Wippsterz was a glider aircraft that was designed and built in Germany from 1936. Only one example of the design was constructed.
 The BOS 400 is a French Derrick/Lay Barge that ran aground while being towed by the Russian tugboat Tigr on June 26 1994.The Tigr was chartered to tow the BOS 400 from Pointe-Noire in the Republic of Congo to Cape Town South Africa.
 Triac by Green Vehicles Inc. is a two-seat three-wheeled car. The Triac freeway commuter Early Adopter program closed as of June 15 2010; they announced in July 2011 that they will be shutting down all operations.Previously they had been accepting pre-orders for the Triac2.0 requiring a $500 reservation fee and an anticipated delivery in 2011.
 USS Forrest Sherman (DD-931) was the lead ship of her class of destroyer of the United States Navy. She was named for Admiral Forrest P. Sherman USN (1896–1951).Forrest Sherman was laid down by the Bath Iron Works Corporation at Bath Maine on 27 October 1953 launched on 5 February 1955 by Mrs. Forrest P. Sherman widow of Admiral Sherman and commissioned on 9 November 1955 Commander R. S.
 The Gourdou-Leseurre GL.2 (originally the Gourdou-Leseurre Type B) was a French fighter which made its maiden flight in 1918. It was a development of the Gourdou-Leseurre Type A which had shown pleasing performance during testing but which had been ultimately rejected by the Aéronautique Militaire due to concerns about the rigidity of the wing.
 The Besson H-5 (or sometimes Besson MB-11) was a French transport quadruplane flying boat designed by the Marcel Besson company of Boulogne. The only H-5 was damaged and development was abandoned.
 HMS Sirdar was an S class submarine of the Royal Navy and part of the Third Group built of that class. She was built by Scotts of Greenock and launched on March 26 1943.
 USS Admiralty Islands (CVE-99) was a United States Navy Casablanca-class escort aircraft carrier named after the Admiralty Islands group north of New Guinea scene of fighting early in 1944.Laid down as USS Chaplin Bay under a Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 1136) on 26 February 1944 by the Kaiser Shipyards Vancouver Washington she was renamed Admiralty Islands on 26 April 1944 launched on 10 May 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Homer N.
 USS Tanager (AM-5) was an Lapwing-class minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.Tanager was named by the U.S. Navy after the tanager one of numerous American passerine birds.Tanager (Minesweeper No. 5) was laid down on 28 September 1917 at New York City by the Staten Island Shipbuilding Co.; launched on 2 March 1918; sponsored by Mrs. G. H. Bates; and commissioned on 28 June 1918 Lt.
 The Renault Estafette is a small front-wheel drive van first introduced in 1959 initially using the water-cooled Renault Ventoux engine then later the Sierra engine in a range of body styles.Following the launch of the Estafette Renault became the only auto-maker in the world to simultaneously produce and sale vehicles with all three of the drive train configurations commonly used with the front engined front wheel drive Estafette along with various rear engined rear wheel drive cars such as the Dauphine and the front engined rear wheel drive Frégate and the aging Dauphinoise.
 HMS Malta was an 80-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy. She had previously served with the French Navy as the Tonnant-class Guillaume Tell but was captured in the Mediterranean in 1800 by a British squadron enforcing the blockade of Malta.
 ORP Żbik was a Wilk-class submarine which saw service in the Polish Navy from 1932 to 1955. Her name means wildcat in Polish.Żbik was laid down in 1927 in Caen launched in 1930 and entered service in 1932. When World War II began on 1 September 1939 she took part in the Worek Plan for the defense of the Polish coast. According to the plan she laid her mines one of which sank a small (525 t) German minesweeper M-85 on 1 October.
 The McLaren P1 is a limited production plug-in hybrid sports car by British automotive manufacturer McLaren Automotive. The concept car debuted at the 2012 Paris Motor Show. Deliveries to retail customers began in the UK in October 2013. The entire P1 production of 375 units was sold out by November 2013.It is considered to be the long-awaited successor to the McLaren F1 utilizing hybrid power and Formula 1 technology. It does not have the same three seat layout as its predecessor.
 The Pfitzner Flyer was an innovative monoplane designed in 1909 by Alexander Pfitzner and built by the Curtiss company at Hammondsport NY where Pfitzner was employed at the time.The Flyer was the first monoplane designed built and flown in the United States. It incorporated several novel features the most innovative of which was the method of achieving lateral control by means of reciprocating lateral (telescopic) wing extensions which the pilot controlled via a steering wheel.
 The second USS Newark (SP-266) was a United States Navy minesweeper and tug in commission from 1917-1919.Newark was built as a commercial tug of the same name in 1913 by the Skinner Shipbuilding Company at Baltimore Maryland. The U.S. Navy acquired her from her owner the Delaware Lackawanna and Western Railroad Company on 18 August 1917 for World War I service as a minesweeper and tug. She was commissioned on 23 September 1917 as USS Newark (SP-266) with Ensign John W.
 HMS Captain was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched at Woolwich Dockyard in 1678.She underwent her first rebuild at Portsmouth Dockyard where she was reconstructed as a 70-gun third rate built to the 1706 Establishment and relaunched on 6 July 1708. Her second rebuild also took place at Portsmouth from where she was relaunched on 21 May 1722 as a 70-gun third rate of the 1719 Establishment.Captain was hulked in 1739 and eventually broken up in 1762.
 The Amiot 354 was the latest in a series of fast twin-engine bombers which fought with the Armée de l'Air in limited numbers during the Battle of France.
 The LAK-20 is a Lithuanian Open Class two-seat sailplane produced by Sportinė Aviacija.
 The CGR NG 0-6-0T of 1903 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape Colony.In 1902 Arthur Koppel acting as agent imported a single 0-6-0 narrow gauge tank steam locomotive for a customer in Durban. It was then purchased by the Cape Government Railways and used as construction locomotive on the Avontuur branch from 1903.
 The Aerfer Sagittario 2 (Italian for Archer) was a prototype all-metal single-seat lightweight fighter aircraft built in Italy by Aerfer intended to serve as an interceptor or light tactical support aircraft. First flown in 1956 it became the first Italian aircraft to break the sound barrier in controlled flight when it reached Mach 1.1 during a dive from 13725 m (45000 ft).
 The British de Havilland DH.95 Flamingo was a high-wing twin-engined monoplane passenger airliner of the Second World War period also used by the Royal Air Force (RAF) as a troop-carrier and for general communications duties.
 USS Jefferson County (LST-845) was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named after counties in 25 states she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.USS LST-845 was laid down by the American Bridge Company Ambridge Pennsylvania on 23 October 1944; launched on 7 December 1944; sponsored by Mrs. B. F. Fairless; and commissioned at New Orleans Louisiana on 1 January 1945 with Lieutenant C. E. Lowe in command.
 The Aérospatiale SA 321 Super Frelon (Super Frelon - Super Hornet) is a three-engined heavy transport helicopter produced by Aérospatiale of France. The helicopter is still in use in China where the locally produced version is known as the Z-8.
 Hai Xia Hao is a passenger / vehicle ferry operated by Fujian Cross Strait Ferry between Taichung and Pingtan Island. The vessel is a high speed catamaran built by the Tasmanian shipbuilder Incat.
 USS LST-332 was one of 390 tank landing ships (LSTs) built for the United States Navy during World War II.LST-332 was laid down on 29 October 1942 at the Philadelphia Navy Yard; launched on 24 December 1942; sponsored by Mrs. G. W. Henderson; and commissioned on 6 February 1943.
 USS Intrigue (AM-253) was an Admirable-class minesweeper built for the United States Navy during World War II. She served in the Atlantic during World War II. She was decommissioned in May 1946 and placed in reserve. While she remained in reserve Intrigue was reclassified as MSF-253 in February 1955 but never reactivated. In October 1962 she was sold to the Mexican Navy and renamed ARM DM-19.
 Black Arrow officially capitalised BLACK ARROW was a British satellite carrier rocket. Developed during the 1960s it was used for four launches between 1969 and 1971. Its final flight was the first and only successful orbital launch to be conducted by the United Kingdom and placed the Prospero satellite into low Earth orbit.Black Arrow originated from studies by the Royal Aircraft Establishment for carrier rockets based on the Black Knight rocket with the project being authorised in 1964.
 The Jean Bart was a 90-gun Suffren class ship of the line of the French Navy named in honour of Jean Bart.She took part in the Siege of Sevastopol (1854–1855) and the Battle of Kinburn (1855).In 1856 she was fitted with a steam engine. From 1864 she was used as a training ship. She was renamed to Donawerth in September 1868 and was finally scrapped as Cyclope in 1886.
 USS Pontiac (AF-20) was a stores ship acquired by the U.S. Navy for use in World War II. She served as a refrigerator ship or reefer ship and provided food to Allied forces in the North Atlantic Ocean.
 Z10 Hans Lody was a Type 1934A-class destroyer built for the German Navy (German: Kriegsmarine) in the mid-1930s.
 The Triumph Daytona 955i is a sport bike manufactured by Triumph from 1997 to 2006. It was powered by a 955 cc (58.3 cu in) liquid cooled inline three four stroke engine. The bike was launched in 1997 as the Triumph T595 Daytona and renamed Triumph Daytona 955i in 1999.
 The JŽ Series 310 was a 3000V DC electric multiple unit once operated by the Yugoslav State Railways (JŽ).Only one unit of the class existed consisting of three cars numbered 310.001 314.001 and 314.002. The unit was an ex FS class ALe 883 (it:FS ALe 883).
 USS Carrabasset (1864) was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She supported the blockade of the Confederate States of America in a variety of ways: as a tugboat a gunboat and as a transport depending on the need at the time.
 The Y1 is a diesel-hydraulic locomotive standard gauge railcar (single self-propelling carriage). It is in use in Croatia Norway Serbia Kosovo Sweden and Uruguay.The production of the railcars was begun in 1980 by Kalmar Verkstad and Fiat Ferroviaria for Sweden.
 The AMC AMX is a two-seat GT-style sports car that was produced by American Motors Corporation for the 1968 through 1970 model years. The AMX was also classified as a muscle car but unique among other American cars at the time due its short wheelbase. The AMX was also the only American-built steel-bodied two-seater of its time the first since the 1955-1957 Ford Thunderbird.
 The Keio 9000 series (京王9000系) is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type in Japan operated by the private railway operator Keio Corporation since 2001 on the Keio Line and its branches in Tokyo and Kanagawa Prefecture.
 The Aeroprakt A-28 Victor is a Ukrainian light aircraft designed and produced by Aeroprakt of Kiev. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 The CGR 4th Class 4-6-0TT of 1882 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape Colony.In 1882 and 1883 the Cape Government Railways placed sixty-eight 4th Class 4-6-0 tank-and-tender locomotives in mainline service on all three systems. It was an improved version of the 4th Class locomotives of 1880. Twenty-six of these locomotives were still in service when the South African Railways was established in 1912.
 The Douglas DC-4E was an American experimental airliner that was developed before World War II. The DC-4E never entered production but its failure resulted in an entirely new design the DC-4/C-54 which proved very successful. Many DC-4E design features found their way into the Japanese Nakajima G5N bomber.
 German submarine U-324 was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.The submarine was laid down on 24 March 1943 at the Flender Werke at Lübeck launched on 12 February 1944 and commissioned on 5 April 1944 under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Ernst Edelhoff.U-324 served with the 4th U-boat Flotilla for training and subsequently with the 11th U-boat Flotilla for front-line service from 15 March to 8 May 1945. U-324 did not however complete any patrols.
 USS LST-888 was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. Late in her career she was renamed Lee County (LST-888) — after counties in twelve Southern and Midwestern states the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear that name — but saw no active service under that name.Originally laid down as LST-888 by the Dravo Corporation of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania on 11 August 1944; launched on 14 October 1944 sponsored by Mrs.
 The FMA I.Ae. 37 was a prototype jet fighter developed in Argentina during the 1950s. It never flew and was cancelled in 1960.
 USCGC Mohawk (WMEC-913) is a United States Coast Guard medium endurance cutter. She was launched on September 9 1989 at Robert Derecktor Shipyard Incorporated of Middletown Rhode Island and commissioned in March 1991. She is the third cutter named for the Mohawk nation a tribe of Iroquoian Indians who lived in the Mohawk Valley of New York.
 HMS Bagshot was a Hunt-class minesweeper of the Royal Navy from World War I.
 The TeST TST-14J BonusJet is a two-seat touring motor glider with a retractable PBS TJ-100 turbine engine built by TeST in the Czech Republic. It is an all composite design.
 SS Mutlah was a 3393-ton steamship built for the Nourse Line in about 1906 by Charles Connell & Company Limited Glasgow. She had single screw triple expansion 425 nhp engines.Like other Nourse Line ships she was primarily used for the transportation of Indian indentured labourers to the colonies. Details of some of these voyages are as follows:
 The Rolladen-Schneider LS8 is a Standard and 18 metre class single-seat glider developed by Rolladen-Schneider and in series production since 1995. Currently it is manufactured by DG Flugzeugbau.
 Ermis (Α-373) (Greek: ΠΗΠ Ερμής Hermes) was an auxiliary ship of the Hellenic Navy which served from 1988 to 2002 as an electronic surveillance ship.She started her career as the 1500 tn trawler Hoheweg. In 1961 she was converted to an electronic surveillance ship by the German Navy and named Oker (A-53).
 The Aeronca TC-65 Defender was an American high-wing light plane of the 1940s.Aeronautical Corporation of America formally changed its name to Aeronca Aircraft Corporation in 1941 and the onset of World War II ushered in a new era for Aeronca aircraft. Production of the TC-65 Defender was increased for use by the U.S.
 USS ARD-9 was an auxiliary repair dock serving with the United States Navy during World War II.ARD-9 was commissioned at Alameda California on 25 September 1943 towed to San Francisco Bay and anchored near the Floating Drydock Training Center at Tiburon California. She had 5 dockings before leaving the United States.
 The NASA Pathfinder and NASA Pathfinder Plus were the first two aircraft developed as part of an evolutionary series of solar- and fuel-cell-system-powered unmanned aerial vehicles. AeroVironment Inc. developed the vehicles under NASA's Environmental Research Aircraft and Sensor Technology (ERAST) program.
 HMS Cleopatra was a 26-gun Vestal-class sixth rate frigate of the Royal Navy. She was built at Pembroke Dock and launched on 28 April 1835. She was to have been launched in July 1834 and fitted thereafter. Her complement was 152 officers and men 33 boys and 25 marines. She was broken up in February 1862.The Cleopatra was the second of three Vestal-class ships built between 1833 and 1836. The first was HMS Vestal and the third HMS Carysfort.
 The second HMS Vega (L41) was a V-class destroyer of the British Royal Navy that saw service in World War I and World War II.
 German submarine U-234 was a Type XB U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.Her first and only mission into enemy territory consisted of the attempted delivery of uranium oxide and German advanced weapons technology to the Empire of Japan. After learning of Germany's unconditional surrender the submarine's crew surrendered to the United States on 14 May 1945.
 USS Rose (1863) was a screw steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War.She was used by the Union Navy as a tugboat and ammunition ship in support of the Union Navy blockade of Confederate waterways.
 The CSS General Earl Van Dorn a side-wheel river steamer was fitted out in early 1862 at New Orleans Louisiana as a River Defense Fleet cottonclad ram. In late March she steamed up the Mississippi River to Memphis Tennessee where her outfitting was completed.
 The British Rail Class 350 Desiro is a class of electrical multiple unit built by Siemens AG in 2004–05 2008–09 and 2013–14. Thirty of these units designated Class 350/1 were built for use by Central Trains and Silverlink on regional express services and services on the southern section of the West Coast Main Line. A further 37 Class 350/2 were ordered by London Midland in late 2007. All 37 units were delivered and in service by July 2009.
 USS Terry (DD-25) was a modified Paulding-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War I and later in the United States Coast Guard designated CG-19. She was the first ship named for Edward Terry.Terry was laid down on 8 February 1909 at Newport News Virginia by the Newport News Shipbuilding Company launched on 21 August 1909 sponsored by Mrs. George Henry Rock and commissioned on 18 October 1910 Lieutenant Commander Martin E. Trench in command.
 The ANBO VI was a parasol-wing monoplane designed for the Lithuanian Army as a trainer in 1933 based on the ANBO III. It featured revised landing gear and a more powerful engine.
 The Dodge Regent was an automobile built by Chrysler Corporation of Canada Ltd. The low priced line built with a front end similar to the U.S. market Dodge attached to a Plymouth body.The first Dodge Regent appeared for 1951 basically a Plymouth Cranbrook and replaced the Special DeLuxe name used from 1942 through 1950. As with all Canadian Plymouths and Dodges from 1938 to 1959 the Dodge Regent used Chrysler big block (25) flathead inline-six engine.
 The Rogers Sportaire is an American homebuilt aircraft that was designed David M. Rogers and produced by Rogers Aircraft of Riverside California introduced in 1959. The aircraft was supplied in the form of plans for amateur construction but plans are no longer available. Only one was built.
 USS Bull (DE-693/APD-78) was a Buckley-class destroyer escort later converted to a Charles Lawrence-class high speed transport. She was the second Navy ship named after Lieutenant (junior grade) Richard Bull (1914–1942) a naval aviator who was posthumously awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross.Bull was the first of many destroyer escorts built at Defoe Shipbuilding Company of Bay City Michigan.
 Couach fast interceptor boats are patrol boats being built by the French shipyard Couach Yachts for the Indian Navy.
 The J class of submarines was a seven submarine class developed by the Royal Navy prior to the First World War in response to claims that Germany was developing submarines that were fast enough to operate alongside surface fleets. Six were completed during mid-1916 while a seventh entered service at the end of 1917.Although larger and more powerful than previous British submarines the J class could not keep up with surface vessels and operated independently during the war.
 The Loire-Nieuport 161 was a single seat single engine all metal low wing monoplane fighter designed and built in France in 1935 to compete for a government contract. Accidents delayed its development and only three prototypes were completed.
 The Armstrong Whitworth F.K.3 was a British two-seat general-purpose biplane built by Armstrong Whitworth Aircraft.
 The Albatros C.I was the first of the successful C-series of two-seat general-purpose biplanes built by Albatros Flugzeugwerke during World War I. Based on the unarmed Albatros B.II the C.I reversed the pilot and observer seating so that the observer occupied the rear cockpit which was fitted with a ring-mounted 7.92 mm (0.312 in) Parabellum MG14 machine gun.
 SM UC-72 was a German Type UC II minelaying submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. The U-boat was ordered on 12 January 1916 and was launched on 12 August 1916. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 5 December 1916 as SM UC-72. In 8 patrols UC-72 was credited with sinking 38 ships either by torpedo or by mines laid.
 The Short S.45 Seaford was a 1940s flying boat designed as a long range maritime patrol bomber for RAF Coastal Command.It was developed from the Short S.25 Sunderland and initially ordered as Sunderland Mark IV.
 For the 1970s 750 cc motorcycle see BMW R75/5The BMW R75 is a World War II-era motorcycle and sidecar combination produced by the German company BMW.In the 1930s BMW were producing a number of popular and highly effective motorcycles. In 1938 development of the R75 started in response to a request from the German Army. Preproduction models of the R75 were powered by a 750 cc side valve engine which was based on the R71 engine.
 The Bell OH-58 Kiowa is a family of single-engine single-rotor military helicopters used for observation utility and direct fire support. Bell Helicopter manufactured the OH-58 for the United States Army based on its Model 206A JetRanger helicopter. The OH-58 has been in continuous use by the U.S. Army since 1969.The latest model the OH-58D Kiowa Warrior is primarily operated in an armed reconnaissance role in support of ground troops.
 The GWR 388 class was a large class of 310 0-6-0 goods locomotives built by the Great Western Railway. They are sometimes referred to as the Armstrong Goods or Armstrong Standard Goods to differentiate from the Gooch Goods and Dean Goods classes both of which were also large classes of standard goods locomotives.
 HMS Empire Spearhead was an Type C1-S-AY-1 Infantry Landing Ship (LSI) chartered by the British Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) during World War II. She was built by Consolidated Steel Corporation Wilmington California. She was launched as Cape Girardeau and completed as Empire Spearhead. In 1945 she was transferred to the Royal Navy and was later renamed HMS Ormonde. Later that year she was transferred back to the MoWT and renamed Empire Spearhead.
 The second USS Palos (PG-16) a shallow draft gunboat built for service on the Yangtze River China was pre-constructed at Mare Island Navy Yard in 1912; dismantled and shipped to Shanghai China: laid down by the Shanghai Dock and Engineering Co. on 28 April 1913; launched on 23 April 1914; sponsored by Mrs. Lee S. Border wife of Naval Constructor Border who supervised the gunboat's construction ; and commissioned on 24 June 1914 Lt. Frank Rorschach in command.
 Re Umberto (King Humbert) was a Re Umberto-class pre-dreadnought battleship built for the Italian Navy in the 1880s. She was the lead ship of her class. She was laid down in 1884; work proceeded so slowly that she was not finished until 1893.Re Umberto carried out various duties during her service career including large-scale fleet maneuvers and diplomatic missions in Europe.
 The General Dynamics/Grumman EF-111A Raven was an electronic warfare aircraft designed to replace the B-66 Destroyer in the United States Air Force. Its crews and maintainers often called it the Spark-Vark a play on the F-111's Aardvark nickname.The USAF contracted with Grumman in 1974 to convert some existing General Dynamics F-111As into electronic warfare/electronic countermeasures (ECM) aircraft.
 The X class locomotives are a class of metre gauge 0-8-2T rack and pinion compound locomotives working on the Nilgiri Mountain Railway in the Nilgiri Hills of southern India. They are used on the 20 km section between Coonoor and Kallar where the gradient of the track can be as steep as 1 in 12.5. At these steep sections the railway uses the Abt system. The X class locomotives are compound locomotives with two high-pressure and two low-pressure cylinders.
 HMAS Sydney named after the Australian city of Sydney was one of three modified Leander-class light cruisers operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).
 The twin-engine F5L was one of the Felixstowe F series of flying boats developed by John Cyril Porte at the Seaplane Experimental Station Felixstowe England during the First World War for production in America.
 The Dayton-Wright FP.2 was a forestry patrol aircraft developed in the United States in the early 1920s for use by the Canadian Forest Service. It was a twin-engine two-bay biplane with equal-span unstaggered wings that were designed to be interchangeable between top and bottom. Initially designed with the props in a pusher position the engines were remounted in tractor position before the aircraft went into service.
 The Tata Ace is a mini-truck (similar to Japanese Kei truck) launched in May 2005 by Tata Motors in India. It is in competition with the prevalent three-wheeled goods carriers from Bajaj Auto Piaggio Mahindra and Force Motors.
 HMCS Saskatoon was a Flower-class corvette that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. She saw service primarily in the Battle of the Atlantic. She is named for Saskatoon Saskatchewan.
 USS Flasher (SSN-613) a Permit-class submarine was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the flasher a member of the Lobotidae family of fishes which have an unusual placement of the second dorsal and anal fins posteriorly located on the body close to the tail.
 HMS Benbow was an Iron Duke-class battleship of the Royal Navy the third ship of the class and the third ship to be named in honour of Admiral John Benbow.She was ordered under the 1911 Naval Estimates and built in the yards of William Beardmore and Company of Glasgow. She was laid down on 30 May 1912 and launched on 12 November 1913.
 The third USS Roanoke was the Southern Pacific freighter El Dia temporarily converted for planting the World War I North Sea Mine Barrage. Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company launched El Dia at Newport News Virginia on 30 August 1911 for service between New York City and Gulf of Mexico seaports of New Orleans and Galveston Texas. The United States Shipping Board took control of the ship from Southern Pacific Steamship Company in 1917.
 USS Alden (DD-211) was a Clemson-class destroyer of the United States Navy (USN). Serving during World War II Alden is the only ship of the US Navy to have been named for Rear Admiral James Alden Jr. (1810–1877).
 The USS Camden (AOE-2) is the second ship of the United States Navy named after the city of Camden New Jersey that lies on the Delaware River across from Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was a Sacramento-class fast combat support ship combining the functions of three logistic support ships in one hull - fleet oiler (AO) ammunition ship (AE) and refrigerated stores ship (AF).
 HMS Odzani (K356) was a River class frigate that served in the Royal Navy.
 The Heywood-class attack transport was a class of US Navy attack transport that saw service in World War II.Like all attack transports the purpose of the Heywood class ships was to transport troops and their equipment to hostile shores in order to execute amphibious invasions.
 The BRP Ismael Lomibao (PG-383) is the eleventh ship of the Jose Andrada class coastal patrol boats of the Philippine Navy. It is part of the second batch of its class ordered through US Foreign Military Sales (FMS) in 1993 and was commissioned with the Philippine Navy in 1995. It was initially designated as Fast Patrol Craft and was numbered DF-383 but later on was re-designated as a Patrol Gunboat and was finally re-numbered as PG-383.
 The Annibal class was a type of 74-gun ship of the French Navy. The type was one of the first achievements of Jacques-Noël Sané. Both ships were captured during the Third Battle of Ushant (Bataille du 13 prairial an II or Glorious First of June). AnnibalBuilder: Brest shipyardOrdered: 20 February 1778Launched: 5 October 1778Fate: captured by the Royal Navy and broken up NorthumberlandBuilder: Brest shipyardOrdered: Launched: 3 May 1780Fate: captured by the Royal Navy and broken up
 The Porsche 935 was introduced in 1976 as the factory racing version of the Porsche 911 turbo prepared for FIA-Group 5 rules. It was an evolution of the Porsche Carrera RSR 2.1 turbo prototype the second place overall finisher in the 1974 24 Hours of Le Mans.Beginning with the 1977 season Porsche offered the 935 to customers entering the World Championship for Makes in the IMSA GT championship and in the German Deutsche Rennsport Meisterschaft (DRM).
 USS Botetourt (APA-136) was a Haskell-class attack transport built and used by the US Navy in World War II and saw further service during the Korean War. She was a Victory ship design VC2-S-AP5. She was named after Botetourt County Virginia USA.
 Nordmark was a 987 GRT Coaster that was built as Faust in 1920 by Schiffbau-Gesellschaft Unterweser AG Bremen Germany for German owners. She was renamed Nordmark after a sale in 1930 and was again renamed Angeln in 1936. She was sold in 1944 and renamed Ermland. She was seized by the Allies at Lübeck in May 1945 passed to the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) and renamed Empire Congerstone. In 1947 she was sold into merchant service and renamed Oakley.
 The Gotha G.III was a heavy bomber used by the Luftstreitkräfte (Imperial German Air Service) during World War I. It succeeded the G.II in production and differed primarily in the choice of powerplant. The eight-cylinder Mercedes D.IV which had proven highly susceptible to crankshaft failure was replaced by the new six-cylinder 190 kW (260 hp) Mercedes D.IVa engine. The G.III also had a strengthened fuselage with an extra 7.92 mm (.312 in) machine gun firing through a ventral trapdoor.
 Yamaha RS-100T Torque induction series also known as RS-100 series is a series of 2T motorcycle models manufactured by Yamaha Motors Co. Ltd as a successor of the Philippines' most popular 2T motorcycle/tricycle model. It debuted in 1977 especially for the Asian market.
 The Kamov Ka-118 is a projected light multirole helicopter with the NOTAR (NO TAil Rotor) configuration based on the McDonnell Douglas design.
 USS LST-16 was a LST-1-class tank landing ship built for the U.S. Navy during World War II. Like most ships in her class she was not named and was known only by her designation. She was manned by a U.S. Coast Guard crew throughout her service career.
 The R-7A Semyorka GRAU index 8K74 was an early Soviet intercontinental ballistic missile derived from the earlier R-7 Semyorka. It was the only member of the R-7 family of rockets to be deployed as an operational missile. The R-7A first flew on 23 December 1959 entered service on 31 December of the same year and was formally accepted on 20 January 1960. It was declared fully operational on 12 September 1960 and was retired from service in 1968.
 HMS Stork was a Bittern class sloop of the Royal Navy which served in convoy escort groups during World War II.Stork was laid down on 19 June 1935 by William Denny & Brothers of Dumbarton Scotland and launched on 21 April 1936.She was completed as an unarmed survey ship and operated in Malayan waters until 1939 when she returned to Devonport for refit including installation of her anti-aircraft guns.In 1940 Stork took part in the Norwegian Campaign and assisted in the rescue of survivors from the transport MS Chrobry.In 1941 Stork under the command of Cdr FJ Johnnie Walker was assigned to lead the 36th Escort Group (36 EG). 
 The De Tomaso Longchamp is an automobile which was produced by the Italian automaker De Tomaso from 1972 to 1989.
 HMS Crusader was a C-class destroyer built for the Royal Navy in the early 1930s. She saw service in the Home and Mediterranean Fleets and spent six months during the Spanish Civil War in late 1936 in Spanish waters enforcing the arms blockade imposed by Britain and France on both sides of the conflict. Crusader was sold to the Royal Canadian Navy (RCN) in 1938 and renamed HMCS Ottawa.
 RMS Caronia was a 34183 gross register tons (GRT) passenger ship of the Cunard Line (then Cunard White Star Line). Launched on 30 October 1947 she served with Cunard until 1967. She was nicknamed the Green Goddess by the people of Liverpool because her livery resembled that of the local trams also known as Green Goddesses. She is credited as one of the first dual-purpose built ships: suited to cruising but also capable of transatlantic crossings.
 The Fiume was a Zara class heavy cruiser of the Italian Regia Marina. Her name derives from the city of Fiume and her motto Sic indeficienter virtus (thus with inexhaustible valour) derived from the city's motto since 1659 Indeficienter.
 BMW E21 is the body designation for the first BMW 3 Series compact executive car produced by the German automaker BMW from 1975 to 1983. This series was the immediate successor to the BMW 2002 and was superseded by the BMW E30.
 The USRC Salmon P. Chase was named after Abraham Lincoln's Secretary of the Treasury Salmon Portland Chase. It was a three-masted bark with a hull length of 106-feet that was designed for use as a training ship for the cadets of the Revenue Cutter Service School of Instruction. Shortly after the creation of the Revenue Cutter School of Instruction Revenue-Captain J. H.
 The Lotus Esprit is a sports car that was built by Lotus in the United Kingdom between 1976 and 2004 as well as a future release in 2014. The silver Italdesign concept that eventually became the Esprit was unveiled at the Turin Motor Show in 1972 as a concept car and was a development of a stretched Lotus Europa chassis. It was among the first of designer Giorgetto Giugiaro's polygonal folded paper designs.
 MV Tampa is a roll-on/roll-off container ship completed in 1984 by Hyundai Heavy Industries Co. Ltd. in South Korea for the Norway based firm Wilhelmsen Lines Shipowning.
 The Mazda MPV (Multi-Purpose Vehicle) is a minivan manufactured by Mazda. Introduced in 1989 as a rear-wheel-drive model with optional selectable four-wheel drive it was replaced in 2000 with a front-wheel-drive-only version. Over one million MPV models had been produced since its introduction.
 USS Hecuba (AKS-12) was an Acubens-class general stores issue ship commissioned by the U.S. Navy for service in World War II. She was responsible for delivering and disbursing goods and equipment to locations in the war zone. Hecuba (AKS-12) originally Liberty ship SS George W. Cable was launched by Delta Shipbuilding Co. New Orleans Louisiana 6 November 1944 under Maritime Commission contract; sponsored by Mrs. J.
 TSS Mona’s Queen (IV) was a passenger vessel operated by the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company from 1946 to 1962. Sold to the Chandris group in 1962 she was adapted for cruising and operated as Carina and from 1964 Fiesta until scrapped in Greece in 1981.
 HMNZS Breeze (T02) was a coastal cargo boat which was requisitioned by the Royal New Zealand Navy (RNZN) and converted into a minesweeper.Breeze was owned by the Canterbury Steam Shipping Company. She was taken up on 3 March 1942 under protest to replace the Puriri which had sunk in a minefield. She was a sister ship to Gale.
 SS Pontic was a tender and baggage vessel of the White Star Line that was built in 1894 by Harland & Wolff Ltd Belfast United Kingdom. She was sold in 1919 and continued in that role. In 1925 she was sold and used as a collier. She was scrapped in 1930.
 SS Port Quebec was under construction for the Port Line when she was requisitioned by the Ministry of War Transport for completion as the auxiliary minelayer HMS Port Quebec. She joined the Royal Navy 1st Minelaying Squadron based at Kyle of Lochalsh (port ZA) laying mines for the World War II Northern Barrage. After minelaying was completed in October 1943 she was retained for conversion to a repair ship and renamed HMS Deer Sound (F99) in 1944. She was then returned to the Port Line in 1947.
 HMS Griper was a Bold-class gun-brig of the British Royal Navy built in 1813 by Mark Williams and John Davidson at Hythe. She participated in the 1819 expedition to the Arctic led by William Parry made a voyage to Greenland and Norway in 1823 and took part in Parry's third expedition in 1824 as a support ship. Her crew in 1819 1823 or 1824 qualified for the Arctic Medal which the Admiralty issued in 1857. She was eventually broken up in 1868.
 The Palatov D1 was designed by Dennis Palatov and is being readied for production by Palatov Motorsport. A proof-of-concept prototype (dp1) was constructed over a period of several years using a 4-cylinder engine from Suzuki Hayabusa motorcycle. There are detailed blogs on the design build and testing of the prototype.
 The Curtiss CR was a racing aircraft designed for the United States Navy in 1921. It was a conventional single-seater biplane with a monocoque fuselage and staggered single-bay wings of equal span braced with N-struts. Two essentially similar landplane versions were built as the CR-1 and CR-2 which were both eventually converted to seaplanes as the CR-3 in 1923 and CR-4 in 1924. A refined version was developed for the US Army Air Service under the designation R-6.
 SM U-17 was a German submarine during World War I. U-17 sank the first British merchant vessel in the First World War and also sank another nine ships and captured one ship surviving the war without casualty.
 The Iso Rivolta is a luxurious Coupé introduced in 1962 by Iso Automotoveicoli S.p.A. of Bresso a suburb of Milan. Company chairman Renzo Rivolta and his colleague former Ferrari engineer Giotto Bizzarrini saw it as a Gran-Turismo Car in the original sense of the term designed for long and memorable journeys. For motor racing however the car was homologated not as a GT but as a Touring Car.
 The Arquebuse class was a class of 20 destroyers of the French Navy built between 1902–04 used during the First World War.
 Laiyuan (Chinese: 來遠; pinyin: Laiyuan; Wade–Giles: Lai-Yuen) was an armored cruiser in the late Qing Dynasty Beiyang Fleet. Its sister ship was the Jingyuan.
 The Alfa Romeo Diva is a concept car of the Italian automobile manufacturer Alfa Romeo.The car was first shown at the Geneva Motor Show in 2006.The car was developed through a collaboration between Centro Stile Alfa Romeo Fiat Group's research center Elasis and the Espera design school led by Franco Sbarro.The design of the car goes back to the icon Alfa Romeo 33 Stradale making use of the butterfly doors.
 SS Iroquois was a Canadian steamboat ferry active in British Columbia. She was launched on 19 February 1900 at Port Moody. She ran from Sidney British Columbia to Nanaimo making stops at the southern Gulf Islands. On 10 April 1911 Iroquois was overloaded with poorly secured cargo and sank in a heavy storm as she left Sidney. At least 21 people were killed and Iroquois' captain was charged but acquitted of manslaughter.
 Friedrichshafen FF.33 was a German single-engined amphibious reconnaissance biplane designed by Flugzeugbau Friedrichshafen in 1914.
 HMS Cornwall was a 74-gun third-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 16 January 1812 at Deptford. She served in the English Channel in the Napoleonic Wars.In 1831 she was razeed to a 50-gun ship though never saw active service again.In 1859 she was loaned to the London Association for use as a juvenile reformatory school. In 1868 she was renamed Wellesley and moved to the Tyne to serve as a school ship. She was broken up at Sheerness in 1875.
 Louhi (pennant number 999) is a Finnish multipurpose oil and chemical spill response vessel owned by the Finnish Environment Institute (SYKE) but manned and operated by the Finnish Navy. The ship ordered in 2007 was built by Uki Workboat in Uusikaupunki Finland and entered service in May 2011.
 The AEG C.III was a two-seat biplane reconnaissance aircraft a single prototype of which was built during World War I. The aircraft featured an unusual fuselage design that completely filled the gap between the upper and lower sets of wings to provide the pilot with improved vision and to allow the observer a wider field of fire for his 7.92 mm (.312 in) machine gun. The pilot sat to the rear of the observer who was stationed over the upper wing.
 The Strasbourg was the second and last battleship of the Dunkerque class built for the French Navy before World War II. She was slightly more heavily armoured than the Dunkerque.
 The second USS Bluebird (ASR-19) was a Penguin-class submarine rescue ship in the United States Navy.Bluebird was laid down on 23 June 1945 at Charleston South Carolina by the Charleston Shipbuilding & Drydock Co. as the fleet ocean tug Yurok (ATF-164). It was redesignated as the submarine rescue ship ASR-19 on 7 November 1945 and renamed Bluebird on 3 December 1945. Bluebird was launched on 15 February 1946 sponsored by Mrs.
 The EKW C-35 was a 1930s Swiss two-seat reconnaissance biplane aircraft built by the Swiss Federal Construction Works (Eidgenoessische Konstruktionswerkstaette K+W) Thun.
 USRC Active was a revenue cutter of the United States Revenue Cutter Service in commission from 1812 to 1817. She was the second Revenue Cutter Service ship to bear the name.Acquired in 1812 Active was possibly a chartered vessel. She saw service during the War of 1812. Commanded by Revenue Captain Caleb Brewster she was part of a flotilla that was blockaded at New London Connecticut by the Royal Navy during the war.
 The BMW Z8 is a roadster produced by German automaker BMW from 1999 to 2003. It was given the E52 BMW model code.The Z8 was the production variant of the 1997 Z07 concept car. The car design was the effort of a design team led by Chris Bangle. The exterior was designed by Henrik Fisker and the interior by Michael Ninic. The Z07 originally was designed as a styling exercise intended to evoke and celebrate the 1956-'59 BMW 507 and to celebrate the millennium change.
 The Budd Metroliner car was a married pair electric multiple unit (EMU) train designed for first-class high-speed service on the Pennsylvania Railroad's route between New York City and Washington DC. Built between 1968 and 1969 they operated in eponymous service on the Penn Central beginning in early 1969 (after the Pennsylvania's merger with the New York Central) and continuing under Amtrak after the latter's 1971 creation.
 The Chevrolet Nomad was a station wagon model made off and on from 1955 to 1972 and a Chevy Van trim package in the late 1970s and early 1980s produced by the Chevrolet Division of General Motors. The Nomad is best remembered in its two-door 1955–57 form and was considered a halo model during its three-year production as a two-door station wagon.
 The Turya class is the NATO reporting name for a class of hydrofoil torpedo boats built for the Soviet Navy and Soviet allies. The Soviet designation was Project 206M.
 Lyn was a 2-4-2 tank steam locomotive built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works in 1898 for the Lynton and Barnstaple Railway. Between July 1897 and January 1898 employees of many British engineering companies were striking in an attempt to win the right to an eight-hour working day leaving locomotive builders with large backlogs of unfulfilled orders. Thus the Lynton and Barnstaple instead consulted the US based Baldwin to produce the engine they needed.
 HMS Tonnant (French language: Thundering) was an 80-gun ship of the line of the Royal Navy. She had previously been the Tonnant of the French Navy and the lead ship of the Tonnant class. Rear-Admiral Horatio Nelson captured her at Aboukir Bay off the coast of Egypt at the Battle of the Nile on 1 August 1798. She was taken into British service as HMS Tonnant.
 The Naza Sutera is a city car from Malaysian manufacturer Naza and is distributed and sold by the Naza Group's new subsidiary company Naza Corporation.Introduced on 22 April 2006 by Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah Badawi the Sutera was based on the Hafei Lobo by Hafei Motor which was styled & engineered by Pininfarina and features a Lotus-tuned suspension. Lotus took care of the NVH (noise vibration and harshness) as well as ride & handling aspects of the base model.
 The Fisher Dakota Hawk is a Canadian side-by-side two-seat conventional landing gear single engined high-wing monoplane kit aircraft designed for construction by amateur builders.Fisher Flying Products was originally based in Edgeley North Dakota USA but the company is now located in Vaughan Ontario Canada.
 Alice was originally a Puget Sound steam passenger ship built in 1897. Alice was later rebuilt into a steam tug and later converted to diesel power and renamed Simon Foss. As a tug the vessel was in service until 1963. This vessel should not be confused with the similarly designed vessel Alice built in 1892 which later became Foss 18.
 The Croses EC-6 Criquet (Locust) is a 1960s French two-seat homebuilt aircraft designed by Emilien Croses.
 HMS James Watt was a 91-gun steam and sail-powered second rate ship of the line. She had originally been ordered as one of a two ship class with her sister HMS Cressy under the name HMS Audacious. She was renamed on 18 November 1847 in honour of James Watt the inventor of the steam engine. She was the only Royal Navy ship to bear this name. Both ships were reordered as screw propelled ships James Watt in 1849 and Cressy in 1852.
 SS Kronprinz Wilhelm was a German passenger liner built for the Norddeutscher Lloyd a former shipping company now part of Hapag-Lloyd by the AG Vulcan shipyard in Stettin in 1901.
 The first Missouri a 10‑gun side‑wheel frigate one of the first steam warships in the Navy was begun at New York Navy Yard in 1840; launched 7 January 1841; and commissioned very early in 1842 Capt. John Newton in command.Departing New York at the end of March 1842 on a trial run to Washington D.C. with sister ship Mississippi Missouri grounded opposite Port Tobacco Maryland 1 April and did not arrive in Washington until the 13th.
 The Fletcher FBT-2 was a military trainer aircraft built in the United States in the early 1940s. Although it was never used in its intended role it played a small part in the development of guided bombs. The FBT-2 was a low-wing cantilever monoplane with fixed tailwheel undercarriage which seated the pilot and instructor in tandem in an enclosed cockpit. Construction throughout was of plywood and the wings were interchangeable as were the tail panels.
 TSS The Ramsey was a passenger steamer operated by the London and North Western Railway from 1895 to 1911 as the Duke of Lancaster. The vessel was then acquired by an organisation referred to as the Turkish Patriotic Committee. However the acquisition was not completed and she was subsequently sold to the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company.
 The MG K-type Magnette was produced by the MG Car company from October 1932 to 1934. Launched at the 1932 London Motor Show the K-Type replaced the F-Type Magna but having at first a slightly smaller capacity engine it took the name Magnette. The chassis was similar to the Magna but strengthened and had the track increased by 6 inches (150 mm) to 48 inches (1200 mm) and was available in two lengths with a wheelbase of either 94 inches (2388 mm) or 108 inches (2743 mm).
 The Pfalz D.III was a fighter aircraft used by the Luftstreitkräfte (Imperial German Air Service) during the First World War. The D.III was the first major original design from Pfalz Flugzeugwerke. Though generally considered inferior to contemporary Albatros and Fokker fighters the D.III was widely used by the Jagdstaffeln from the fall of 1917 through the summer of 1918. It continued to serve as a training aircraft until the end of the war.
 HMS D1 was a British D class submarine built by Vickers Barrow. D1 was laid down on 14 May 1907 and was launched on 16 May 1908 at Barrow. She was commissioned in September 1909. In 1910 D1 took part in the Annual Manoevures. She torpedoed 2 blue fleet cruisers off Colonsay. This showed that the D class could operate a considerable away from their base at Fort Blockhouse.D1 was sunk as a target on 23 October 1918.
 The Boyd G.B.1 was a two seat monoplane designed for homebuilt aircraft kit building from glass fibre parts.
 Holland-class submarine No 4 was launched on the 23 May 1902. She was built by Vickers at Barrow in Furness Cumbria United Kingdom and was laid down in 1902. She was commissioned into the Royal Navy on 2 August 1903. In 1905 the submarine was fitted with a conning tower. She was the only member of the Holland-class to be given this modification.She foundered on 3 September 1912. She was salvaged and used as a gunnery target on 17 October 1914.
 USS General H. B. Freeman (AP-143) was a General G. O. Squier-class transport ship for the U.S. Navy in World War II. The ship was crewed by the U.S. Coast Guard until decommissioning. She was named in honor of U.S. Army general Henry Blanchard Freeman. She was transferred to the U.S. Army as USAT General H. B. Freeman in 1946. On 1 March 1950 she was transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) as USNS General H. B. Freeman (T-AP-143).
 USS Williams (DE-372) was a John C. Butler-class destroyer escort acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. The primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy in addition to other tasks as assigned such as patrol or radar picket. She was named in honor of Rear Admiral George Washington Williams who was awarded the Navy Cross for his World War I efforts.
 The Fokker V.27 was a German parasol-monoplane fighter prototype designed by Reinhold Platz and built by Fokker-Flugzeugwerke. The V.27 was little more than an enlarged V.26 (prototype for the D.VIII) with a 145 kW (195 hp) Benz Bz.IIIb liquid-cooled inline engine. Once again Fokker pursued similar aircraft with both rotary and inline engines. Fokker submitted the V.27 at the second fighter competition at Adlershof in May/June 1918.The V.37 was a ground-attack variant of the V.27.
 HMS Ruby was a 40-gun fourth rate[citation needed] frigate of the English Royal Navy originally built for the navy of the Commonwealth of England by Peter Pett at Deptford and was launched on 15 March 1652.She took part in numerous actions during all three of the Anglo-Dutch Wars of 1652-54 1665–67 and 1672-74. She later served in the West Indies and in 1687 the notorious English pirate Joseph Bannister was hanged aboard her while she was at Port Royal.
 The MV Cartela is an excursion vessel operating on the Derwent River in Hobart Tasmania Australia. She is now Australia's oldest continuously licensed passenger vessel although there are several older vessels still in service that have been restored after lengthy periods in dereliction.The Cartela is a motor vessel of 194 tons gross 77 net register and is 123 feet in overall length (111.0 feet keel).
 Illinois Central 201 is a steam locomotive originally owned and operated by Illinois Central Railroad. In 1949 the locomotive was operated at the Chicago Railroad Fair as part of the Wheels A-Rolling pageant. It is now on static display at Illinois Railway Museum in Union Illinois.
 USS Phoebe (MSC-199) was an Bluebird-class motor minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for clearing coastal minefields. The second Phoebe to be so-named by the Navy AMS-199 was laid down by the Harbor Boat Building Co. Terminal Island California 26 February 1953 launched 21 August 1954 sponsored by Mrs. Anne Elizabeth Gotch; reclassified MSC-199 on 7 February 1955; and commissioned 29 April 1955 Lt. George D. Ferguson in command.
 The Isotta Fraschini 8A was a car manufactured by Isotta Fraschini successor to the Tipo 8 model with a new 7.3 litre straight-eight engine to replace the 5.9 litre unit used in the previous model.This new engine could produce between 115-160 hp.This was the most powerful mass-produced straight-8 engine in the world at that time. The Tipo 8A was offered only with bare chassis and engine for the coachbuilders.The Isotta Fraschini car company promised that every car could do 150 km/h (93 mph).
 B.I.C. Humboldt is a Peruvian oceanographic research vessel with polar capacity built in 1978 by SIMA shipyard in Callao Peru in cooperation with the German Government. The ship has a capacity of 100 people including crew and scientific staff. The vessel has visited Antarctica on several occasions to assist the Peruvian Antarctic Machu Picchu Base.
 USS Harwood (DD/DDE-861) was a Gearing-class destroyer of the United States Navy. She was named for Commander Bruce L. Harwood USN (1910–1944) who was twice awarded the Navy Cross and killed in action during the Battle of Leyte Gulf. Harwood was laid down by the Bethlehem Steel Corporation at San Pedro in California on 29 October 1944 launched on 22 May 1945 by Mrs.
 The Skate-class submarines were the United States Navy's first production run of nuclear-powered submarines. They were an evolution of the Tang class in everything but their propulsion plants which were based on the experimental USS Nautilus. The four Skate class boats re-introduced stern torpedo tubes. Although among the smallest nuclear-powered attack submarines ever built the Skate class served for several decades with the last being decommissioned in 1989.
 Eastern Green Garden UAVs are Chinese UAVs developed by Xiangyang Eastern Green Garden Plant Protection Machinery Co. Ltd. (Eastern Green Garden 襄阳市东方绿园植保器械有限公司). Eastern Green Garden has been a provider of agricultural machinery specializing in the area of plant protection and has ventured into the UAV arena from its traditionally market of ground equipment.
 The second Undaunted was laid down as rescue tug ATR-126 on 27 November 1943 at Port Arthur Texas by the Gulfport Boiler and Welding Works; reclassified auxiliary ocean tug ATA-199 on 15 May 1944; launched on 22 August 1944; and commissioned on 20 October 1944 Lt. Guy S.
 The BMW K1200R is a naked supersport motorcycle manufactured between 2005 and 2008 by BMW Motorrad producing a claimed 163 hp (122 kW) @ 10250 rpm from its transverse-mounted 1157 cc inline-four engine with torque of 94 lbf·ft (127 N·m) @ 8250 rpm.
 HMS Sparham was a Ham-class minesweeper of the Royal Navy.Their names were all chosen from villages ending in -ham. The minesweeper was named after Sparham in Norfolk.
 The Lady Elizabeth was an iron barque of 1155 tons launched on 4 June 1879 and built by Robert Thompson Jr. of Southwick Sunderland. Robert Thompson Jr. was one of the sons of Robert Thompson Sr. who owned and operated the family ran shipyard J. L. Thompson & Sons. Thompson Jr. eventually left the family business in 1854 to start his own shipbuilding business in Southwick Sunderland.
 The ÖBB Class 1042 was a class of electric locomotives operated by the Austrian Federal Railways (ÖBB). From its entry into service in the 1960s it was an important element of the ÖBB's electrically powered operations.In the 1990s many members of the class were converted into Class 1142 locomotives. The remaining Class 1042 units have since been withdrawn from service.
 The Schleicher Ka 3 or Kaiser Ka 3 is a 1950s single seat training glider mostly sold in kit form.
 Cassard was a Téméraire class 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy. She was renamed Dix-août in 1798 in honour of the events of 10 August 1792 and subsequently Brave in 1803.
 Empire Eland was a 5613 GRT Design 1019 cargo ship that was built in 1920 as West Kedron by Long Beach Shipbuilding Co Long Beach California United States for the United States Shipping Board (USSB). She was transferred to the United States Maritime Commission (USMC) in 1937. In 1940 she was transferred to the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). She was torpedoed and sunk by U-94 on the night of 15–16 September 1941.
 USS Boulder Victory (AK-227) was a Boulder Victory-class cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II.
 The Tofuku Maru was a Japanese-built and operated cargo ship and hellship.
 The KTM 1190 Adventure is a 1195 cc V-twin dual-sport motorcycle from the Austrian manufacturer KTM. The model was revealed at the October 2012 Intermot trade show for the 2014 model year.The LC8 motor is based on the powerplant in the RC8 sportbike. Like the RC8 and unlike its predecessor the 990 Adventure the 1190 Adventure uses ride-by-wire throttle.
 The Hotchkiss M201 was the standard light transport vehicle used by the French army from shortly after the war until well into the 1980s. It started as a World War II Jeep built under license and in many respects was little changed forty years later. In France it is usually simply called “La Jeep”.
 The Binder EB28 is a German two-seat open-class self-launching powered sailplane designed and built by Binder Motorenbau.The EB28 is a composite-built two-seat shoulder-wing monoplane with a conventional T-type tailplane. It has a retractable central landing gear with a fixed tail wheel. The wing has Schempp-Hirth airbrakes on upper wing surface and fitted with water ballast tanks in the wing and vertical tail.
 Not to be confused with USS Conolly (DD-979).USS Connolly (DE-306) was an Evarts-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy during World War II. She was sent off into the Pacific Ocean to protect convoys and other ships from Japanese submarines and fighter aircraft.
 USNS Millinocket (JHSV-3) (ex-Fortitude) is the planned third Spearhead-class Joint High Speed Vessel intended to be part of the United States Military Sealift Command and to be built in Mobile Alabama.On 30 May 2012 Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus announced in Fall River Massachusetts that the third Joint High Speed Vessel previously having been named Fortitude by the United States Army before the transfer of the JHSV program to the Navy would be named USNS Millinocket.
 USS Groton (SSN-694) a Los Angeles-class submarine was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for Groton Connecticut. The contract to build her was awarded to the Electric Boat Division of General Dynamics Corporation in Groton Connecticut on 31 January 1971 and her keel was laid down on 3 August 1973. She was launched on 9 October 1976 sponsored by Mrs. Elliot L. Richardson and commissioned on 8 July 1978 with Commander R.
 The Weybridge Man Powered Aircraft (also known as Dumbo and later Mercury) is a British single-seat man-powered aircraft built and flown by members of the Weybridge Man Powered Aircraft Group.
 SS President was a British passenger liner that was the largest ship in the world when she was commissioned in 1840 and the first steamship to founder on the transatlantic run when she was lost at sea with all 136 on board in March 1841.
 The Reliant Ant also known as the Reliant TW9 (Three Wheeler 9) is a small three-wheeler pickup truck produced by the Reliant Motor Company in Tamworth (England) between 1967 and 1987.
 HMS Ulster (R83) was a U-class destroyer of the British Royal Navy that saw service during World War II. She was later converted into a Type 15 fast anti-submarine frigate with the new pennant number F83. HMS Ulster would be the third vessel in Royal Navy history to have that name.With funds gathered through a Naval Savings Campaign in 1942 known as Warship Week the ship was adopted by the civil community of Ulster's County Down.
 The Metropolitan Railway G Class consisted of four 0-6-4T steam locomotives numbered 94 to 97. They were built by Yorkshire Engine Company in 1915. The class was unusual in carrying names as well as numbers and were the last Metropolitan steam locomotives to do so.
 HMS Stalker was a Mark III LST (Landing Ship Tank). She was built during the later part of the Second World War and became the last steam-driven LST to be scrapped. She initially entered service under the designation LST 3515 but was commissioned into the Royal Navy in 1947 as HMS Stalker.The ship was built by Canadian Yarrow at Esquimalt.
 The Vauxhall Equus was a two-door concept car first presented by Vauxhall Motors in 1978.The Equus was based on a Panther Lima chassis which itself was based on Vauxhall Magnum mechanicals. Panther built the prototype.
 USS Resaca was a third-class screw steamer of the United States Navy. Built at Portsmouth Navy Yard Maine at a cost of $201229.19 the ship was launched on 18 November 1865 and commissioned in 1866 Comdr. J. M. Bradford in command.
 Liberdade class flying wings are autonomous underwater gliders developed by the US Navy Office of Naval Research which use a blended wing body hullform to achieve hydrodynamic efficiency. It is an experimental class whose models were originally intended to track quiet diesel electric submarines in littoral waters move at 1–3 knots and remain on station for up to six months.
 PS Thomas Dugdale was a paddle steamer passenger vessel operated by the London and North Western Railway and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway from 1873 to 1883.
 HMS Ramillies was a 74-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 15 April 1763 at Chatham Dockyard.In 1782 she was part of a fleet under Admiral Thomas Graves off Newfoundland. Ramillies was badly damaged in a violent storm and was finally abandoned and burned on 21 September 1782.[citation needed]
 USS Periwinkle (1864) was a steamer procured by the Union Navy during the final months of the American Civil War. She served the Union Navy’s struggle against the Confederate States of America as a patrol gunship. After the war this ship was retained by the U.S. Navy to support the Hall Scientific Expedition to the Arctic Ocean and during this voyage – under her new name Polaris – she proceeded into Arctic waters only to have her hull crushed by the ice.
 RMS Rhone was a British packet ship owned by the Royal Mail Steam Packet Company (RMSP). She was wrecked off the coast of Salt Island in the British Virgin Islands on 29 October 1867 in a hurricane taking the lives of 123 people. It is now a leading Caribbean wreck dive site.
 HMCS Oshawa (J330/174) was an Algerine-class minesweeper of the Royal Canadian Navy. She was commissioned in July 1944 and wore pennant J330 until she was paid off into reserve in July 1945. She was recommissioned in October 1945 and paid off into reserve in February 1946. She was recommissioned for the last time in April 1956 and wore pennant 174 until paid off in November 1958.
 The 101 series (101系) was a commuter electric multiple unit (EMU) train type introduced in 1958 by Japanese National Railways (JNR) and formerly operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) and West Japan Railway Company (JR West). The last remaining trains were withdrawn in November 2003.
 The ninth HMS Enterprise (A 71) of the Royal Navy was an Echo class inshore survey ship built by M.W. Blackmore & Sons of Bideford and commissioned in 1959.With her sister ships HMS Echo and HMS Egeria Enterprise's career was spent in hydrographic surveys of the seas sandbanks and coastlines of the East Coast and Eastern English Channel.
 The Scheibe Specht (English: Woodpecker) is a tandem seat training glider produced in Germany in the early 1950s. More than fifty were built.
 The SNCF BB 75000 (also known as the SNCF BB 475000) are 4 axle diesel electric locomotives ordered in 2000 by SNCF for freight operations to renew its aging fleet.The locomotives are also classified as Prima DE30BACThey are similar in appearance to the SNCF Class BB 27000 but are in fact the result of a collaboration between Alstom and Siemens.
 SS Egypt was a passenger liner that sunk after a collision with the Seine on 20 May 1922 in the English Channel. 252 people were rescued from the 338 passengers and crew on board at the time. A subsequent salvage operation recovered most of the cargo of gold and silver.
 USS Lyndonia (SP-734) later known as USS Vega (SP-734) was a yacht acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was assigned as an armed patrol craft but at times performed other duties along the U.S. East Coast such as dispatch boat and training ship for the U.S. Naval Academy. Post-war she was disposed of through sale to the public.
 The TrikeBuggy Delta Bullet and Transformer are a family of American ultralight trikes and powered parachutes designed and produced by TrikeBuggy of Santa Barbara California. The aircraft is supplied complete and ready-to-fly.
 USS Belle Grove (LSD-2) was a Ashland-class dock landing ship of the United States Navy named in honor of Belle Grove Plantation the birthplace of President James Madison (1751–1836) in Port Conway Virginia.Belle Grove was laid down on 27 October 1942 by the Moore Dry Dock Company Oakland California; launched on 17 February 1943 sponsored by Mrs. George M. Lowry; and commissioned at Oakland on 9 August 1943 Lieutenant Commander Morris Seavey USNR in command.
 MV Tycoon was a cargo ship that was under management by Ocean Grow International Shipmanagement Kaohsiung Taiwan. She was wrecked on 8 January 2012 after breaking her moorings and was pushed into the cliffs at Flying Fish Cove Christmas Island and broke up spilling oil and phosphate into the sea. All fifteen crew were rescued by Royal Australian Navy RIBs. Built by Sanyo Shipbuilding Onomichi Japan and launched in 1983 as Seizan.
 The Hankyu 8000 series (阪急電鉄8000系) is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated in Japan by the private railway operator Hankyu Railway since 1989.
 Reading 2124 is a class T-1 4-8-4 Northern-type steam locomotive that was built by the Reading Company in January 1947 using parts from I-10sa Class 2-8-0 Consolidation number 2044.
 C.C. Cherry was a small steam tug and general utility vessel that worked on Puget Sound from 1896 to 1930.
 HMS Cricket was the name given to a Royal Navy shore establishment on the River Hamble from 1943 to 1946. This name was previously used by the Insect class gunboat HMS Cricket that was scrapped in 1942.HMS Cricket was commissioned on 15 July 1943. Initially it was a Royal Marine Landing Craft Crew Training Base. It was established as an independent command with accounts being handled by HMS Shrapnel. The base was later used to assemble troops and landing craft in the build-up to D-day.
 USS Little (DD-803) a Fletcher-class destroyer was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for Captain George Little (1754–1809).Little was laid down by Todd-Pacific Shipyards Seattle Wash. 13 September 1943; launched 22 May 1944 sponsored by Mrs. Russell F. O'Hara; and commissioned 19 August 1944 Commander Madison Hall Jr. in command.
 HMS Gurkha (F122) was a Tribal-class frigate of the Royal Navy. She was named after an ethnic group located in Nepal and who continue to serve in the British Army.
 The Mazda Laputa is a clone of the aptly named Suzuki Kei (which was a kei car from Mazda in Japan). The Laputa was introduced in 1999 as a sort of SUV/kei car mix. The Laputa was restyled slightly for 2001 and was retired in 2006. The Laputa was available with front- or all wheel drive and as a 3-door hatchback or 5-door station wagon. Both SOHC and DOHC engines were used.
 ARA Bahía Buen Suceso (B6) was a 5000-ton fleet transport that served in the Argentine Navy from 1950 to 1982. She took part of the Falklands War (Spanish: Guerra de las Malvinas) as a logistics ship tasked with resupplying the Argentine garrisons scattered around the islands. Captured by British forces on 15 June after running aground at Fox Bay she sank in deep waters while being used as target practice by the Royal Navy on 21 October 1982.
 The Peugeot 601 was a range-topping car produced between February 1934 and July 1935 by Peugeot.
 The Macchi M.40 was a prototype 1920s Italian catapult-launched reconnaissance seaplane designed and built by Macchi it did not enter production.
 USS Waban was a steamer in commission in the United States Navy from 1898 to 1919.Waban was built as the iron-hulled stern-wheel steamer Confidence completed in 1880 at Philadelphia Pennsylvania by William Cramp and Sons. She was acquired by the U.S. Navy on 25 June 1898 from M. Revel for use during the Spanish-American War.
 USS Andromeda (AKA-15) was an Andromeda class attack cargo ship named after the constellation Andromeda. She served as a commissioned ship for 13 years.
 The Maestrale class were a group of destroyers built for the Italian Navy and served in World War II. They were an enlarged version of the Dardo class destroyers. They were 10 m longer and introduced new pattern 120 mm guns. They formed the basis for subsequent Italian destroyer designs; the Oriani and Soldati classes.
 SM U-30 was one of 329 submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy in World War I. She engaged in commerce warfare as part of the First Battle of the Atlantic. U-30 is significant for the torpedoing of the American tanker Gulflight on 1 May 1915 twenty miles west of Scilly.
 The Pander P-1 and P-2 were near-identical single engine Dutch sports aircraft with tandem seats and a parasol wing first flying in 1929. Only two were built.
 The Leyland Titan was a model of double-decker bus produced by Leyland between 1977 and 1984 primarily for London Transport.
 Empire Beaumont was a 7044 GRT cargo ship which was built by Furness Shipbuilding Ltd Haverton Hill-on-Tees in 1942. She was owned by the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) and managed by W Runciman & Co Ltd. Empire Beaumont had a short career being sunk on 13 September 1942 while a member of Convoy PQ 18.
 Coral Princess is a cruise ship owned and operated by Princess Cruises line. The vessel along with sister ship Island Princess was launched in 2002. Coral Princess and Island Princess are the only two Panamax ships operated by Princess Cruises.
 15118.29 tonsSS Carondelet was an immigrant ship active in 1877 and 1878 that transported immigrants from Havana to New York.
 German submarine U-546 was a Type IXC/40 U-boat operated by Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was laid down at the Deutsche Werft in Hamburg as Werk 367 on 6 August 1942 launched on 17 March 1943 and commissioned on 2 June 1943 under Oberleutnant zur See Paul Just. The U-boat was a member of three wolf packs.U-546 was responsible for the last combat sinking of a United States Navy vessel in the Atlantic Theatre during Operation Teardrop.
 TCDD DE21500 were diesel-electric locomotives built for operations on Turkish State Railways. Forty General Electric U20C units with GE engines were built in 1964-65. Most of the locomotives are retired from service.
 The Grob G 103 Twin Astir was a two-seat sailplane developed in Germany in the 1970s by Grob Aircraft AGas a counterpart to the single-seat G 102 Astir then in production. Construction throughout was similar although to preserve the balance of the design the wings were given a slight forward sweep.
 The Avro 641 Commodore was a British single-engine five-seat cabin biplane built by Avro in the mid-1930s for private use. A total of only six were built including the prototype.
 Histria Perla is a floating storage and offloading unit (FPSO) owned by the Romanian shipping company Histria Shipmanagement and is registered in Valletta Malta.
 The Caproni Ca.90 was a prototype Italian heavy bomber designed and built by Caproni. When it first flew in 1929 it was the largest aircraft in the world.
 SMS Posen was one of four battleships in the Nassau class the first dreadnoughts built for the German Imperial Navy (Kaiserliche Marine). The ship was laid down at the Germaniawerft shipyard in Kiel on 11 June 1907 launched on 13 December 1908 and commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 31 May 1910.
 The Albatros L 77v was a German tandem two-seat reconnaissance fighter biplane four examples of which were built under license for Albatros Flugzeugwerke by Ernst Heinkel Flugzeugwerke in 1928. Based upon the L 76 Aeolus reconnaissance trainer the aircraft was powered by a 450 kW (600 hp) BMW VI 5.5 water-cooled V12 engine.Like the L 76 the L 77v had a fabric-covered welded-steel fuselage and wooden dual-spar wings with plywood skins supported by N-type struts.
 The second USS Ludlow (DD–112) was a Wickes class destroyer in the United States Navy during the World War I. She was named for Augustus C. Ludlow.
 The Fairey Primer was a production version of the Avions Fairey Tipsy M tandem seat single-engined basic trainer. Two production aircraft were completed in the late 1940s.
 Toyota Progrès (pronounced Prog-Ray) was a Toyota mid size luxury sedan which was sold in Japan from 1998 to 2007 replacing the Toyota Corona EXiV. The engine which the Toyota Progrès used is an inline 6-cylinder of 2.5L or 3.0L with VVT-I. Since April 2001 Toyota put in Progres direct injection (D4) engines 1JZ-FSE (2.5L) and 2JZ-FSE (3.0L).
 USS Idylease (SP-119) was a motor yacht leased by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was outfitted as a patrol craft and was assigned to the Hampton Roads and Norfolk Virginia waterways. Post-war she was restored to her civilian configuration and returned to her owner.
 The A-City Class 4000 is a class of electric multiple unit trains being built by Bombardier Transportation Dandenong for the electrified Adelaide Metro train network.
 The Convair C-131 Samaritan was an American military transport produced from 1954 to 1956 by Convair. It was the military version of the Convair CV-240.
 HMS Punjabi was a Tribal-class destroyer of the Royal Navy that saw service in the Second World War being sunk in a collision with the battleship King George V. She has been the only ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name Punjabi which in common with the other ships of the Tribal class was named after an ethnic group of the British Empire. In this case these were the Punjabi people the inhabitants of the Punjab region between India and Pakistan.
 HDMS Lolland (or Laaland) was launched in March 1810. She served in at least four major engagements during the Gunboat War before she was transferred to the Norwegian navy after the Treaty of Kiel brought about the separation of Norway from Denmark in 1814. Lolland continued to serve with the Norwegian Navy until sold in 1847.
 USS Greer (DD–145) was a Wickes-class destroyer in the United States Navy the first ship named for Rear Admiral James A. Greer (1833–1904). In what became known as the Greer incident she became the first U.S. Navy ship to fire on a German ship three months before the United States officially entered World War II. The incident led President Franklin D. Roosevelt to issue what became known as his shoot-on-sight order.
 MS Stena Superfast VIII is a fast Ro-Pax ferry operated by Stena Line between Belfast and Cairnryan. The ship is owned by the Estonian ferry company Tallink and was built in 2001 by Howaldtswerke-Deutsche Werft (HDW) Kiel Germany for Attica Group's subsidiary Superfast Ferries she was sold to her current owners in 2006.In March 2006 Superfast sold their Baltic Sea operations to Tallink.
 HMS Tireless is a Trafalgar-class nuclear submarine of the Royal Navy and is the third vessel of her class. Tireless is the second submarine of the Royal Navy to bear this name. She was launched in March 1984 sponsored by Sue Squires wife of Admiral 'Tubby' Squires and commissioned in October 1985.Tireless had been scheduled to be decommissioned in 2013 however she is still in service as of April 2014. The intention is to replace her with one of the new Astute-class submarines.
 German submarine U-246 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 30 November 1942 at the Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft yard at Kiel launched on 7 December 1943 and commissioned on 11 January 1944 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Ernst Raabe.After training with the 5th U-boat Flotilla at Kiel U-246 was transferred to the 3rd U-boat Flotilla for front-line service on 1 August 1944.
 USS Iwo Jima (LHD-7) is a Wasp-class amphibious assault ship.Fabrication work for Iwo Jima began at Ingalls shipyard on 3 September 1996 and the ship's keel was laid on 12 December 1997. At the keel laying ceremony Pfc. Jacklyn H. Lucas who won the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Battle of Iwo Jima placed his Medal of Honor citation in the hull of the ship where it remains today. She was launched on 4 February 2000. USS Iwo Jima was christened by her sponsor Mrs.
 HMS Canopus was a pre-dreadnought battleship of the British Royal Navy and the lead ship of the Canopus class. At the beginning of the First world war she was involved in the search for the German East Asia Squadron of Admiral Graf Spee. Too slow to follow Craddock's cruisers she missed the Battle of Coronel but fired the first shots of the Battle of the Falklands.Transferred to the Mediterranean she took part in the Naval operations in the Dardanelles Campaign.
 USS Williamson (DD-244/AVP-15/AVD-2/APD-27) was a Clemson-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was named for Commander William Price Williamson.Williamson was laid down on 27 March 1919 and launched on 16 October 1919 by the New York Shipbuilding Corporation sponsored by Commander Williamson's widow reclassified from Destroyer No.
 For other ships with this name see Savannah (disambiguation)#Ships.NS Savannah named for SS Savannah was the first nuclear-powered cargo-passenger ship. Built in the late 1950s at a cost of $46.9 million including a $28.3 million nuclear reactor and fuel core funded by United States government agencies Savannah was a demonstration project for the potential use of nuclear energy.
 The Rio Minho-class fiscalization boat is a patrol vessel designed by the Portuguese navy to conduct patrol missions in shallow waters.
 The H&BR Class G3 (LNER Class J75) was a class of 0-6-0T steam locomotives of the Hull and Barnsley Railway (H&BR). The H&BR became part of the North Eastern Railway (NER) in 1922 and the NER became part of the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) in 1923.
 HMS Wasp was a Banterer-class composite screw gunboat of the Royal Navy built in 1880 by Barrow Iron Shipbuilding and wrecked off Tory Island in 1884.
 Chikyū (ちきゅう) is a Japanese scientific drilling ship built for the Integrated Ocean Drilling Program (IODP).
 The KAI KC-100 Naraon is a South Korean four seat low-wing single engine light aircraft under development by Korea Aerospace Industries that first flew on 20 July 2011.The name Naraon was chosen based on public input.
 USS Bright (DE-747) was a Cannon-class destroyer escort built for the United States Navy during World War II. She served in the Pacific Ocean and provided escort service against submarine and air attack for Navy vessels and convoys.
 The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Class 5 and Class 6 were two related classes of 2-4-2T steam locomotives.
 HMS Harrier was a Royal Navy Cruizer-class sloop launched in 1854. She took part in the Crimean War served on the Australia Station and took part in the New Zealand Wars. She was broken up in 1865
 The MQM-61 Cardinal was a target drone designed and built by Beechcraft.
 The Mikoyan MiG-31 (Russian: Микоян МиГ-31; NATO reporting name: Foxhound) is a supersonic interceptor aircraft developed to replace the MiG-25 Foxbat. The MiG-31 was designed by the Mikoyan design bureau based on the MiG-25.
 The Kawasaki KLR250 was a motorcycle produced from 1984 to 2005 with only minor changes during the model run. This lightweight dualsport motorcycle was used for several years by the US military for a variety of tasks including messenger duty and reconnaissance.[citation needed]
 HMS Blenheim was a 90-gun second rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 5 July 1761 at Woolwich.
 HMS Bacchus was a schooner of the Adonis class of the Royal Navy during the Napoleonic War. She was built at Bermuda using Bermudan cedar and completed in 1806. Bacchus was commissioned in 1806 under Lieutenant John Skinner. She sailed to Britain where she made good defects at Plymouth between 12 September and 29 November. She returned to the West Indies.
 HMS Minerva was an Eclipse-class protected cruiser built for the Royal Navy in the mid-1890s.
 Capricornio was a Spanish satellite launch vehicle developed by the Instituto Nacional de Técnica Aeroespacial (INTA) in the 1990s. It was expected to be a low cost solution to place up to 70 kg payloads into 600 km polar orbits or 60 to 140 kg payloads into low earth orbit. Part of the technology was related to Argentina's Condor missile program.
 SM UC-92 was a German Type UC III minelaying submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. The U-boat was ordered on 12 January 1916 and was launched on 19 January 1918. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 14 August 1918 as SM UC-92. As with the rest of the completed UC III boats UC-92 conducted no war patrols and sank no ships. She was surrendered on 24 November 1918.
 X60 is the designation of Greater Stockholm Transport's (SL) new Coradia Lirex-model commuter trains which as of 2006 are gradually replacing the older commuter trainsets.
 USS Endurance (AM-435/MSO-435) (aka Citrus Juliette) was an Aggressive-class minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the task of removing mines from waters that had been placed there to prevent the safe passage of ships.The second ship to be named Endurance by the Navy AM-435 was launched 8 August 1952 by J. M. Martinac Shipbuilding Corp. Tacoma Washington; sponsored by Miss Gerry A. Borovich; and commissioned 19 May 1954 Lieutenant L. E. Martin in command.
 The 719 series (719系) is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type introduced in 1989 by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) on services in the Miyagi Yamagata and Fukushima area.
 USS Interpreter (AGR-14) was a Guardian-class radar picket ship acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1957 from the “mothballed” reserve fleet. She was reconfigured as a radar picket ship and assigned to radar picket duty in the North Pacific Ocean as part of the Distant Early Warning Line.
 The ICE 1 is the first series of German high-speed trains and one of five in the InterCityExpress family. Revenue service at speeds up to 250 km/h (155.3 mph) started in 1991. It was raised to 280 km/h (174.0 mph) in May 1995 and later reduced to 250 km/h (155.3 mph) again. Today only a handful of ICE 1 services on the Nuremberg-Ingolstadt high-speed rail line reach 280 km/h (174.0 mph).Trainsets consist of two power cars (Class 401) and up to 14 intermediate cars (Classes 801 to 804).
 The Piaggio P.23R also known as the Piaggio P.123 for propaganda purposes was an Italian commercial transport aircraft prototype designed and built by Piaggio.
 USS Wilhoite (DE-397) was an Edsall-class destroyer escort built for the United States Navy during World War II. She served in the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean and provided destroyer escort protection against submarine and air attack for Navy vessels and convoys. She was named in honor of Thomas Mack Wilhoite who was awarded the Silver Star posthumously for his brave actions in Morocco during Operation Torch.
 Mar is a sailing tour boat based out of Halifax Nova Scotia and known for its literary and film associations. Mar was built starting in 1957 and launched in 1959 at Frederikssund Boatbulding in Frederikssund Denmark. She was built for author Ernest K. Gann author of several works including Song of the Sirens Twilight of the Gods and The High and the Mighty.
 HMCS Summerside was a Flower-class corvette that served the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. She served in several naval theatres of the war. She was named for Summerside Prince Edward Island.
 RFA Eddyness (A295) was an Eddy class coastal tanker of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary.
 The 6000 series (6000系) is a suburban electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by Shikoku Railway Company (JR Shikoku) in Shikoku Japan since 1996.
 The South African Class E38 of 1993 is a South African industrial electric locomotive.In 1993 Amcoal now Anglo Coal a wholly owned subsidiary of Anglo American placed three Class E38 electric locomotives in service at its Kromdraai Colliery near Witbank Mpumalanga.
 The Grumman G-65 Tadpole was an American prototype light amphibian designed and built by Grumman. Only one was built and it did not enter production. It was later developed into a family of amphibious aircraft by David Thurston.
 Class 27 locomotives are the staple power for SNCB/NMBS. They work all over the electrified lines including the occasional trip through to Luxembourg.Locomotive 2711 currently has the world record for the longest passenger train ever pulled by a single locomotive. The record was set on 27th of April 1991 when the locomotive pulled 70 carriages from Ghent to Ostend.
 The Meitetsu 5000 series (名鉄5000系) is a commuter electric multiple unit type operated by Nagoya Railroad (Meitetsu) in Japan since 2008.
 The Ellipse Twist is a French high-wing single-place hang glider designed and produced by La société Ellipse of Étuz.
 German submarine U-524 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She was laid down at the Deutsche Werft (yard) in Hamburg as 'werk' 339 on 7 August 1941 launched on 30 April 1942 and commissioned on 8 July with Kapitänleutnant Freierr Walter von Steinaecker in command.U-524 began her service career with training as part of the 4th U-boat Flotilla from 8 July 1942.
 The EMD SD60 is a 3800 horsepower (2800 kW) 6-axle diesel-electric locomotive built by General Motors Electro-Motive Division. Intended for heavy-duty drag freight or medium-speed freight service. It was introduced in 1984 and production ran until 1995.
 USS Muliphen (AKA-61/LKA-61) was an Andromeda-class attack cargo ship named after Muliphen a star in the constellation Canis Major. Muliphen was laid down under Maritime Commission contract on 13 May 1944 by Federal Shipbuilding and Drydock Co. Kearny N.J. launched on 26 August 1944 sponsored by Mrs. John Hascock acquired by the Navy on 21 October 1944 and commissioned on 23 October 1944 Lt. Comdr. Walter W. Williamson in command.
 The Maico Mobil is an early touring motorcycle made by Maico between 1950 and 1958. Conceived and marketed as a “car on two wheels” the Mobil had body panels that enclosed the drivetrain protected its riders from the elements and included an integral pair of panniers and a mount for a spare tyre.
 USS Nantahala (AO–60) the second ship of this name was laid down under Maritime Commission contract by Bethlehem Sparrows Point Shipyard Inc. Sparrows Point Maryland on 31 October 1943. Launched on 29 April 1944; sponsored by Miss Mary Louise Reed; delivered to the Navy 19 June 1944; and commissioned the same day Comdr. Palmer M. Gunnell in command.
 The de Havilland DH.52 was a single seat high-winged glider produced as an entrant to a 1922 prize competition. Two were built but insufficient torsional stiffness in the wings led to control problems and the DH.52 was rapidly abandoned.
 USS Longspur (AMc-10) was a coastal minesweeper of the United States Navy.Built by the Martinac Shipbuilding Co. Tacoma Washington as New Ambassador in 1935 the ship was acquired by the U.S. Navy on 30 October 1940; converted by South Coast Co. Newport Beach California; and placed in service on 11 April 1941.
 Austral was a passenger ship built by John Elder & Co. Govan and launched on 21 December 1881 for the Orient Steam Navigation Company Glasgow. She was used in the passenger route trade to Australia.She sank at her mororing in Neutral Bay off Kirribilli Point in Sydney Harbour on 11 November 1882. Five crew were killed in the incident. The ship was raised and sailed to Glasgow for refit.She was chartered to Anchor Line for 7 months during 1884 for the Liverpool to New York passenger route.
 The Gdecouv'R 582 is a French ultralight trike designed by Jean-Michel Geay and produced by Gdecouv'R of Fontaine-lès-Dijon. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 HMS Rye was a Bangor class minesweeper that saw service in the Royal Navy during the Second World War. She was built by the Ailsa Shipbuilding Co. Ltd. in Troon Scotland and commissioned in 1941. Her pennant number was J 76.
 The Praga E-45 was a single-engined single-seat biplane fighter built in Czechoslovakia in the mid-1930s. It appeared a little to late to compete with the similar Avia B-534 and failed to get a production order.
 USS Ocoee (SP-1208) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1918.Ocoee was built in 1911 as a private motorboat of the same name by the Matthews Boat Building Company at Port Clinton Ohio. On 24 August 1917 the U.S. Navy chartered her from her owner H. Walter Blumenthal of New York City for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. She was commissioned as USS Ocoee (SP-1208) on 17 September 1917.
 The Bristol XLRQ-1 was a 12-seat amphibious glider of the Bristol Aeronautical Corporation New Haven Connecticut (USA) developed for the United States Marine Corps in 1942-43. Only two prototypes were built before the USMC scrapped the idea of glider use in 1943.
 Le Triomphant was a ship of the line of the French Navy. Launched in 1667 as Princesse she was renamed Triomphant in 1671 and Constant in 1678. She left service in 1690.
 USS Whitewood (YN-84/AN-63/AG-129) a wooden-hulled Ailanthus-class net laying ship of the United States Navy was laid down on 24 October 1942 at Rockland Maine by the Snow Shipyard Inc.; named Whitewood on 5 July 1943; re-classified a net laying ship AN-63 on 1 January 1944; launched on 21 April 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Eben Kenney; and commissioned on 17 July 1944 Lt. John I. Beam USNR in command.
 HMS Sirius was an Apollo-class cruiser of the British Royal Navy which served from 1892 to 1918 in various colonial posts such as the South and West African coastlines and off the British Isles as a hastily converted minelayer during the First World War. In April 1918 Sirius was deliberately scuttled in the mouth of Ostend harbour in Belgium during the failed First Ostend Raid.
 The Carr Special also called the Carr Racer the Saginaw Junior the Blackhawk and the The World's Ugliest Race Plane was a racing aircraft developed in 1931.
 USS Heron (AM-10) was an Lapwing-class minesweeper acquired by the United States Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.Heron was named by the U.S Navy after the heron a long-necked long-legged wading bird indigenous to Louisiana and the vast coastal marshes.Heron was launched 18 May 1918 by the Standard Shipbuilding Co.; sponsored by Miss Astrid Rundquist daughter of the mine sweep's prospective commanding officer; and commissioned 30 October 1918 Lt. 
 MV Harambee was a German-built general cargo ship initially ordered as the Reg IV. Bought while under construction by a different company she was launched in 1953 and served with the German Merchant Navy under the name Belgrano making voyages to South America until 1966. She was sold to an African company renamed Harambee and served for another thirteen years before being sold once more renamed Arambee and scrapped in Taiwan shortly afterwards.
 The Hansa Brandenburg W.27 and W.32 were prototype fighter floatplanes developed in parallel in Germany during World War I. They were developments of and intended replacements for the W.12 then in service and differed from each other principally in the choice of powerplant the W.27 with a Benz Bz.IIIb and the W.32 with the same Mercedes D.III that the original W.12 used.
 The Replica Plans SE.5a is a Canadian designed biplane for amateur construction from Replica Plans. Designed as a 7/8 size replica of the first world war Royal Aircraft Factory SE.5. The prototype first flew in 1970 and is built of wood and fabric and can use engines from 65 to 125 hp. Estimated construction time is 2500 hours. Most aircraft are painted to represent SE5 aircraft flown in The Great War.
 The Powhatan class of fleet ocean tugs consists of seven ships built for the United States Navy operated by the Military Sealift Command by primarily civilian crews with the USNS designation. As of 2014 four ships are still active with the MSC.
 The SZD-36 Cobra was a glider designed and produced in Poland from 1968.
 USCGC Haida (WPG-45) was a 240-foot Tampa-class United States Coast Guard cutter in commission from 1921 until 1947.
 SM U-49 was the seventh U-boat of the SM U-43 class. She was ordered on August 4 1914 and was put into the III Flotilla August 7 1916. Over the course of her career she had sunk 38 ships for a total of over 86000 tons of those none were naval ships. Her only commander was Kapitänleutnant Richard Hartmann who led the boat throughout its entire life until the day she was sunk on September 11 1917.Her wreck lies in Cork Harbour Ireland.
 See Austin A40 for other A40 models.The Austin Cambridge (sold as A40 A50 A55 and A60) is a motor car range sold by the Austin Motor Company in several generations from September 1954 through to 1969 as cars and to 1971 as light commercials. It replaced the A40 Somerset but was entirely new with modern unibody construction.
 USS Spindrift (IX-49) was built in 1928 by F. F. Pendleton Wiscasset Maine. The auxiliary cutter was acquired by the United States Navy on 26 October 1941 and assigned to the Severn River Naval Command for duty with the United States Naval Academy.Spindrift supported midshipman training at the academy until being placed in reserve in January 1947. She was struck from the Navy List on 22 December 1952.
 USS John C. Calhoun (SSBN-630) a James Madison-class fleet ballistic missile submarine was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for John C. Calhoun (1782–1850) the distinguished legislator and statesman.
 USS Curry County (LST-685) was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named after counties in New Mexico and Oregon she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.LST-685 was laid down on 21 December 1943 at Jeffersonville Indiana by the Jeffersonville Boat & Machine Company; launched on 18 February 1944; sponsored by Miss Agnes J. Langley; and commissioned on 7 April 1944.
 Suda Bay was a 14.3 ton motor boat that was one of the first boats used for a commercial tourist operation in the Houtman Abrolhos.Between 1946 and 1948 Suda Bay and Batavia Road were used by Dal Gaze and Alan Fox to transport tourists to and from the Houtman Abrolhos especially Pelsaert Island.
 French submarine Joule (Q84) was a Laubeuf type submarine of the of Brumaire class built for the French Navy prior to World War I.
 HMS Hero was a 74-gun third rate of the Royal Navy launched on 18 August 1803 at Blackwall Yard.She took part in Admiral Robert Calder's action at the Battle of Cape Finisterre in 1805.On 25 December 1811 Hero under captain James Newman-Newman was wrecked on the Haak Sands at the mouth of the Texel during a gale with the loss of all but 12 of her crew.
 The Nissan NV (Nissan Van) is the first full-size van built by the Japanese automaker for the United States and Canada and sold by Nissan. Until the introduction of the Nissan NV Mexico was the only country in North America selling a full-size Nissan Van as the Nissan Urvan is sold there. But with the introduction of the NV it will replace the Urvan for Mexico.
 The Brinio-class (sometimes referred to as Gruno-class) was a class of three gunboats built by the Rijkswerf in Amsterdam for the Royal Netherlands Navy. The class comprised Gruno Brinio and Friso.
 The Lavochkin La-190 (a.k.a. Aircraft 190) was a swept wing jet fighter designed and manufactured by the Lavochkin Design Bureau from 1950.
 HMS Curlew had a tragically short history. She was commissioned in June 1795 under Commander Francis Ventris Field for Admiral Duncan's fleet. She disappeared during a storm in the North Sea in December 1796 and was presumed to have foundered with all hands.
 The Wright StreetLite is a low-floor midibus introduced by Wrightbus of Ballymena Northern Ireland during the summer of 2010. It was originally available in only one body style (wheel forward) before the door forward and StreetLite Max variants were introduced in 2011 and 2012 respectively.In October 2013 VDL Bus & Coach introduced the Citea MLE midibus which was a rebadged Wright StreetLite.
 The N700 series (N700系) is a Japanese Shinkansen high-speed train with tilting capability developed jointly by JR Central and JR West for use on the Tokaido and Sanyo Shinkansen lines since 2007 and also operated by JR Kyushu on the Kyushu Shinkansen line.N700 series trains have a maximum speed of 300 km/h (186 mph) and tilting of up to one degree allows the trains to maintain 270 km/h (168 mph) even on 2500 m (8200 ft) radius curves that previously had a maximum speed of 255 km/h (158 mph). 
 Westdiep was a Wielingen-class frigate of the Belgian Navy. She was launched on 8 December 1975 at the Cockerill Yards in Hoboken and christened by Princess Astrid of Belgium on 20 January 1978. The patronage of the Westdiep was accepted by the city of Sint-Niklaas. Westdiep was the second ship in the Wielingen class.
 HMS Repulse was a Royal Sovereign-class pre-dreadnought battleship of the Royal Navy. She was the tenth ship to bear the name HMS Repulse. Laid down in 1890 Repulse was completed in 1894 becoming one of the world's top fighting ships at launch. Repulse was 410 feet long and had a maximum cruising speed of 17 knots.
 USS Ascutney (1862) was a large steamer with powerful guns acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Union Navy as a gunboat in support of the Union Navy blockade of Confederate waterways. Post-war she performed some steamship service for the Navy.
 The IKCO Samand Soren is a large family car manufactured by Iran Khodro (IKCO). It is a facelift version of the IKCO Samand first released in early 2007. It comes with a driver airbag pretensioner seat-belts headlight height adjuster and active antenna. It is named after Surena an ancient Parthian spahbed (general).
 The Voskhod rocket (Russian: Восход ascent dawn) was a derivative of the Soviet R-7 ICBM designed for the human spaceflight programme but later used for launching Zenit reconnaissance satellites. It consisted of the Molniya 8K78M third stage minus the Blok L. In 1966 all R-7 variants were equipped with the uprated core stage and strap-ons of the Soyuz 11A511.All 11A57s launched after 1965 were functionally an 11A511 without the Soyuz's payload shroud and launch escape system.
 USNS Andrew J. Higgins (T-AO-190) was a Henry J. Kaiser-class fleet replenishment oiler of the United States Navy which saw active service from 1987 to 1996. Sold to Chile in 2009 she was commissioned as Almirante Montt in the Chilean Navy in 2010.
 The Gulfstream IV (or G-IV or GIV) and derivatives are a family of twin-jet aircraft mainly for private or business use. The aircraft was designed and built by Gulfstream Aerospace a General Dynamics company based in Savannah Georgia United States from 1985 until 2003.
 HMS Blackwood was a Blackwood or Type 14 class second-rate anti-submarine frigate of the British Royal Navy.
 USS Mount McKinley (AGC-7/LCC-7) was the lead ship of the Mount McKinley class of amphibious force command ships. She was named after the highest mountain in North America. She was designed as an amphibious force flagship a floating command post with advanced communications equipment and extensive combat information spaces to be used by the amphibious forces commander and landing force commander during large-scale operations.
 HMS Hibernia is the name given to a shore establishment of the Royal Navy which serves as the headquarters of the Royal Naval Reserve in Northern Ireland. Commissioned in 2009 to replace the C-class cruiser HMS Caroline as the training establishment for the RNR in Northern Ireland Hibernia is located as part of Thiepval Barracks in Lisburn County Antrim. The unit numbers approximately 100 officers and ratings.
 The sole Wright-Bellanca WB-2 named Columbia Miss Columbia and later Maple Leaf was the second in a series of aircraft designed by Giuseppe Mario Bellanca initially for Wright Aeronautical then later Columbia Aircraft Corp.
 The Caledonian Railway 264 and 611 classes were 0-4-0 saddle tank locomotives designed by Dugald Drummond and built by Neilson and Company in 1885. Later examples were built at St. Rollox railway works under the direction of John F. McIntosh in 1895 1900 1902 and 1908.These small shunters remained in long service under the LMS (who designated all Neilson saddle locomotives as Class 0F) and British Railways with the last of the class withdrawn in 1962.
 The Mistral class is a class of three amphibious assault ships also known as a helicopter carrier of the French Navy and Russian Navy. Referred to as projection and command ships (bâtiments de projection et de commandement or BPC) a Mistral-class ship is capable of transporting and deploying 16 NH90 or Tiger helicopters four landing barges up to 70 vehicles including 13 AMX-56 Leclerc tanks or a 40-strong Leclerc tank battalion and 450 soldiers.
 The Aeromarine EO is a light sport flying boat that was built in the mid-1920s.
 The Ace Scooter is an American aircraft that was designed for homebuilt construction.
 USS Britannia (1862) was a steamer captured by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Union Navy as a gunboat and patrol vessel in support of the Union Navy blockade of Confederate waterways.
 Southern Railway 385 is a steam locomotive built in 1907 by the Baldwin Locomotive Works for the Southern Railway. It is a 2-8-0 Consolidation of Southern's H-4 class.
 USS Eleanor (SP-677) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1918.Eleanor was built as the private motorboat Tringa by Murray and Tregurtha at South Boston Massachusetts in 1910. She later was renamed Eleanor.In June 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired Eleanor under a free lease from her owner C. B. Houghton of Corning New York for use as a section patrol boat during World War I. She was commissioned as USS Eleanor (SP-677) on 9 July 1917 with Ensign C. H.
 The Ford Expedition is a full-size SUV built by the Ford Motor Company. Introduced in 1996 for the 1997 model year as a replacement to the Ford Bronco it was previously slotted between the smaller Ford Explorer and the larger Ford Excursion but as of the 2005 model year it is Ford's largest and last truck-based off-road and tow-capable SUV.
 The EADS/Northrop Grumman KC-45 was a proposed aerial refueling tanker aircraft based on the Airbus A330 MRTT. The United States Air Force (USAF) had ordered 179 KC-45As in the first stage of replacing the aging Boeing KC-135 Stratotanker tankers currently in service. However the contest was reopened in July 2008 after Boeing's protest of the award was upheld.
 PS (RMS) Ben-my-Chree (II) No. 67288 was an iron paddle-steamer which served with the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company and was the second vessel in the Company to bear the name.
 The Aydlett A-1 was a one-off homebuilt aircraft constructed in the USA in the 1960s. It was a single seat single engine monoplane of conventional appearance with an enclosed cockpit.
 Sanko Harvest was a 30000 DWT bulk carrier that sank near Esperance Western Australia after striking a reef there on 14 February 1991. The Japanese owned ship was 174 metres (571 ft) long and was carrying a cargo of 30000 tonnes of fertilizer. Also on board was 570 tonnes of bunker fuel and 74 tonnes of diesel fuel.The wreck site is the second largest wreck dive in the world and the largest off the Australian coast.
 Class 19 is a class of electric locomotives operated by SNCB the national railway of Belgium.During 1993 Class 21 locomotive 2130 was converted for use as a test bed for class 13 development. It was renumbered 1901 for a time. Subsequently in 2001 it has been restored to standard condition and regained its 2130 number.
 The Piper PA-46 Malibu and Matrix are a family of American light aircraft manufactured by Piper Aircraft of Vero Beach Florida. The aircraft is powered by a single engine and has the capacity for one pilot and five passengers. Early Malibus were all piston-engined but a turboprop version the Malibu Meridian is also available.The PA-46 is the third single-engined piston aircraft with a pressurized cabin to ever reach the market after the Mooney M22 and Cessna P210 Centurion.
 HMAS Maroubra (FY.40/MR) was a cutter[citation needed] operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) during World War II. She was launched in 1930 by Norman Wright Brisbane. The ship was requisitioned by the RAN on 30 July 1942. She was sunk by Japanese aircraft at Millingimbi Northern Territory on 10 May 1943.
 USS Reuben James (DE-153) was a Buckley-class destroyer escort in the United States Navy. She was the second ship named for Reuben James a Boatswain's Mate who distinguished himself fighting the Barbary pirates.Reuben James was laid down on 7 September 1942 at the Norfolk Naval Shipyard Portsmouth Virginia launched on 6 February 1943 sponsored by Mrs. Oliver Hiram Ward and commissioned on 1 April 1943 with Lieutenant Commander Frank D. Giambattista in command.
 The Yakovlev Yak-140 was a Soviet prototype light-weight supersonic fighter developed during the 1950s. It was completed in 1954 but was forbidden to enter flight testing and was canceled in 1956.
 Cérès was an 18-gun Etna-class corvette of the French Navy launched in 1795. Begun in 1794 as Courageuse the corvette was renamed Cérès in May 1795 and launched the same month. In 1797 she was again renamed to Enfant de la Patrie. She was wrecked on the shores of Norway on 17 February 1798.
 USS Cape Esperance (CVE-88) was an Casablanca class escort carrier of the United States Navy.She (name changed from Tananek Bay on 6 November 1943) was launched on 3 March 1944 by Kaiser Co. Inc. Vancouver Washington under a Maritime Commission contract; sponsored by Mrs. W. M. McDade; transferred to the Navy on 9 April 1944; and commissioned the same day Captain R. W. Bockius in command.
 The Hudson Terraplane Utility Coupe is an automobile that was manufactured by Hudson Motor Car Company of Detroit Michigan between 1937 and 1942.
 MV Brigitte Bardot (formerly Gojira and Ocean 7 Adventurer) is a unique high-tech 35 m (115 ft) stabilized monohull twin diesel engine powered vessel designed by Nigel Irens. Construction of the Adventurer began in June 1997 and she was launched on 16 March 1998. The official naming ceremony took place on 3 April 1998 in London's West India Dock.
 MT Varzuga (Варзуга) is a Russian product tanker operated by Murmansk Shipping Company. After her modernization in 1993 she became the first merchant ship to be equipped with an electric azimuth thruster Azipod. She was also the first non-Soviet ship to transit the Northern Sea Route.
 The Windward Performance DuckHawk is an American mid-wing single-seat 15-metre class glider designed and produced by Windward Performance of Bend Oregon.
 Reina Sofía (F-84) is the fourth of six Spanish-built Santa Maria-class frigates based on the American Oliver Hazard Perry class design of the Spanish Navy.Laid down on 12 October 1987 and launched on 19 July 1989 Reina Sofía was commissioned in service on 30 October 1990. She is named for Queen Sofía of Spain.All of these Spanish frigates have the length of the later Oliver Hazard Perry frigates and have a wider beam than the US Navy design and therefore able to carry more top weight.
 USNS Charles Drew (T-AKE-10) is a Lewis and Clark-class dry cargo ship of the United States Navy named in honor of Dr. Charles R. Drew (1904–1950) who developed improved techniques for blood storage and applied his expert knowledge in developing large-scale blood banks early in World War II saving thousands of Allied lives.The contract to build Charles Drew was awarded to National Steel and Shipbuilding Company (NASSCO) of San Diego California on 31 January 2008.
 Soviet submarine K-162 was the world's fastest submarine. The first submarine constructed with a titanium hull she was the only vessel of the Soviet Union's Project 661 Anchar nuclear-powered attack submarine design. The boat is best known in the West by its NATO reporting name Papa class. K-162 was renamed K-222 in 1978.
 The Northrop YA-13 was an attack version of the Northrop Gamma type aircraft. After receiving an engine change the aircraft was redesignated XA-16.
 The Teichfuss Astore (English: Goshawk) was an Italian Intermediate single seat trainer glider designed by Luigi Teichfuss and flown in 1936. Two were built.
 HMS H12 was a British H-class submarine built by Fore River Yard Quincy Massachusetts. She was laid down on an unknown date and commissioned in 1915.HMS H12 along with HMS H11 and HMS H13 to HMS H20 were all built in America but were interned by the United States government until the USA entered World War I.HMS H12 was sold in April 1920 in Dover.
 The La Mouette Topless is a French high-wing single-place hang glider that was designed and produced by La Mouette.
 The Great Western Railway 3252 or Duke Class were 4-4-0 steam locomotives with outside frames and parallel domed boilers. They were built in five batches between 1895 and 1899 for express passenger train work in Devon and Cornwall. William Dean was their designer possibly with the collaboration of his assistant George Jackson Churchward.
 The EMC E1 was an early passenger-train diesel locomotive developing 1800 hp with an A1A-A1A wheel arrangement and manufactured by Electro-Motive Corporation of La Grange Illinois. They were built during 1937 and 1938 for the Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Railway for a new generation of diesel-powered streamlined trains. 8 cab-equipped lead A units and three cabless booster B units were built.
 HDMS Narhvalen (S320) was the lead ship of her class of submarine for the Royal Danish Navy. She was built to the German Type 205 design at the naval dockyard in Copenhagen where she was laid down on 16 February 1965. She was launched on 10 September 1968 and was commissioned into the Royal Danish Navy on 27 February 1970. In 1994 Narhvalen and sister ship Nordkaperen were modified to bring their technical performance more in line with the Royal Danish Navy's newer Tumleren class.
 The PKP class EP03 is a type of electric locomotive used by Polish railway operator Polskie Koleje Państwowe (PKP).
 The Martin MB-1 was a 1910s American large biplane bomber designed and built by the Glenn L. Martin Company for the United States Army Air Service. It was the first purpose-built bomber produced by the United States.In 1921 Martin produced its KG.1 variant of the MB-1 with 10 purchased by the Navy as a torpedo bomber under the designation MBT. After two were purchased the designation was changed to Martin MT.
 The Blenheim was a 375 ton wooden sailing ship built in 1834 at Jarrow England. Under the command of Jasper Brown she sailed from Cork Ireland on 27 July 1834 with 200 male convicts. She arrived at Port Jackson on 14 November 1834. Two male convicts died on the voyage. Blenheim left Port Jackson in December 1834 bound for Batavia. Sailing from Woolwich on 15 March 1837 under the command of Josiah Spence with 210 male convicts she arrived at Hobart Town on 16 July 1837.
 USS Lansing (DE-388) an Edsall-class destroyer escort was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Aviation Machinist Mate First Class William Henry Lansing. Her keel was laid down on 15 May 1943 by Brown Shipbuilding of Houston Texas. She was launched on 2 August 1943 sponsored by Mrs. Alberta L. Lansing widow of AD1 Lansing and commissioned on 10 November 1943 with Lieutenant Commander S. R. Sands in command.
 Ice is a large private yacht measuring 295 feet (90 m) in length. Launched in 2005 as Air she was completed at the Lürssen yard in Bremen Germany to the design of Tim Heywood. The yacht was owned by Russian billionaire Suleiman Kerimov.The ship is equipped with a diesel-electric powered using eight 842 kW Deutz 16-cylinder generators to provide electric power to two ABB type 5 Azipod electric azimuth thrusters. She can reach a speed of 18 knots.
 The Arniston was an East Indiaman that was wrecked on 30 May 1815 during a storm at Waenhuiskrans near Cape Agulhas South Africa with the loss of 372 lives – only six on board survived.
 HMS Rochester was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched at Chatham Dockyard in 1693.She was rebuilt to the 1706 Establishment at Deptford Dockyard and was relaunched on 19 March 1716. In 1744 she was renamed HMS Maidstone and converted for use as a hospital ship. Maidstone was broken up in 1748.
 The British Rail Class 931 was reserved for former Southern Region electrical multiple units converted for departmental use. Originally the series was reserved for Route Learning and Stores units. In recent years however other types have also been given numbers in this series.The Southern Region initially numbered its departmental EMUs in a series between S1 and S101. In 1968 a new series was adopted; 001-099.
 The 3001 Class as constructed by William Dean at the Swindon Works of the Great Western Railway in 1891-2 was the culmination of the tradition of GWR 2-2-2 locomotives that had begun with Gooch's North Star over 50 years earlier.
 The SS Rex was an Italian ocean liner launched in 1931. It held the westbound Blue Riband between 1933 and 1935. Originally built for the Navigazione Generale Italiana (NGI) as the SS Guglielmo Marconi its state-ordered merger with the Lloyd Sabaudo line meant that the ship sailed for the newly created Italia Flotta Riunite (Italian Line). On May 12 1938 in a demonstration of U.S. air power three YB-17 bombers of the U.S.
 HMAS Goorangai was a 223-ton auxiliary minesweeper of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). She was sunk in an accidental collision with MV Duntroon in 1940 becoming the RAN's first loss of World War II and the first RAN surface ship to be lost in wartime.Goorangai was built in 1919 as a trawler for Sydney-based fishing company Cam & Sons Pty Ltd.
 USS Dewey (DDG-105) is an Arleigh Burke-class guided missile destroyer in the United States Navy. Dewey is the third Navy ship named after Admiral of the Navy George Dewey hero of the Battle of Manila Bay during the Spanish-American War. The ship is part of Destroyer Squadron 21 of Carrier Strike Group Three which is currently headed by the aircraft carrier USS John C. Stennis (CVN-74).She was authorized on 13 September 2002 and was built by Northrop Grumman Ship Systems.
 HMS Thetis was a 38-gun fifth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy launched in 1782.
 The Chapayev class (Project 68 Чапаев) were a group of cruisers built for the Soviet Navy during and after World War II. Seventeen ships were planned but only seven were actually started before the German invasion. Three incomplete ships were destroyed when their building yard in Nikolaev was captured by Nazi Germany and the remaining five cruisers were completed only in 1950.
 SS Armonia was a 2740 GRT cargo ship built in 1924 and scrapped in 1960. In her 26-year career she had eight successive owners managers and names. Armonia was her sixth name and the one that she bore when a CIA aircraft attacked and damaged her in an air raid in Indonesia in 1958.
 The Bowers Namu II was a single-engine two-seat recreational aircraft designed and flown in the United States in the late 1970s and marketed for homebuilding. It was designed by famed aircraft designer and Boeing historian Peter Bowers.
 USS Mahan (DDG-72) is an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer currently in service with the United States Navy. She is the 22nd Arleigh Burke-class destroyer and the first Flight II variant.
 The Beriev Be-2 (originally designated KOR-1) was a two-seat reconnaissance seaplane built for the Soviet Navy shortly before World War II. It was designed to replace the Navy's obsolete license-produced Heinkel He 55 aircraft operating from warships and shore bases.
 USS Samson (1860) was a steamer acquired by the Union Army at the start of the American Civil War to serve with the ram fleet in the Mississippi River and its tributaries.She was transferred to the Union Navy in 1862 who continued her service on the Mississippi River. She was used as a tugboat and as a ship’s tender which provided machine shop services to the ships in the fleet.
 USCS later USC&GS Fathomer was a steamer that served as a survey ship in the United States Coast Survey from 1871 to 1878 and in the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey from 1878 to 1881. She was the only Coast Survey and first Coast and Geodetic Survey ship of the name.Fathomer was built by C. Sharp at Philadelphia Pennsylvania in 1871. She initially entered service in the U.S. Coast Survey.
 USS LST-560 was a United States Navy LST-542-class tank landing ship in commission from 1944 to 1946.
 The NZR RM class Wairarapa railcar (or Rimutaka railcar) was the first truly successful class of railcars to operate on New Zealand's national rail network. They entered service in 1936 and were classified RM like all other classes of railcars in New Zealand; they came to be known as the Wairarapa class (and sometimes as the Rimutaka class) as they were designed to operate over the famous Rimutaka Incline to the Wairarapa region on the Wairarapa Line.
 Before 1942 VR Class Vr1s originally had the class name was L1. The Vr1 was a powerful and effective locomotive. They were built by Hannoversche Maschinenbau AG of Germany. They were numbered 530–544 656–670 787–799 and were nicknamed “Kana” (Hen). They were operation from 1913-1975.
 The Fiat 60 HP was introduced by the Italian manufacturer Fiat in 1904 to meet the demand of very rich export markets including the USA.Designed to a high standard of luxury in every detail it was welcomed by American coachbuilders such as Quimby and Demarest.
 Adele was a steel screw steamer that was built in 1906 as a yacht. She was twice commissioned into the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) firstly as HMAS Franklin and later as HMAS Adele. She was wrecked at Port Kembla New South Wales on 7 May 1943.
 The S type carriages are a compartment layout passenger carriage used on the railways of Victoria Australia. The carriages were constructed by the Victorian Railways in 1937 for use on the Spirit of Progress with additional carriages built until the 1950s for other trains.Introduced by Victorian Railways Chief Commissioner Sir Harold Clapp for the Spirit of Progress service between Melbourne and Albury the carriages lasted through many decades of regular service across a number of operators.
 SS Mission San Diego was a Type T2-SE-A2 tanker built for the United States Maritime Commission during World War II. After the war she was acquired by the United States Navy as USS Mission San Diego (AO-121). Later the tanker transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service as USNS Mission San Diego (T-AO-121). She was a member of the Mission Buenaventura-class oiler and was named for the Mission San Diego de Alcalá.
 VTV-1 was originally a Soviet type 1125 armored motor boat with the designation No 215. It was captured by Finnish troops in 1941 after it had been damaged by artillery fire and beached by its crew. The Finns swiftly repaired the ship and in October 1941 VTV-1 took part in a reconnaissance-in-force aimed at the island of Sommers.VTV-1 was transferred to Lake Onega in June 1942.
 The Yamaha YSR50 was a miniature sport moped that was produced and sold by Yamaha during the late eighties and early nineties. The bike featured an air-cooled 50cc two-stroke engine. The engine was sometimes swapped out for a larger variety.Its first production year was 1987 and it was last made in 1992. American Motorcyclist magazine stated its top speed was 38 mph.
 The Pakistan Remote Sensing Satellite (PRS) commercially known as Remote Sensing Satellite System (RSSS) is a dual purpose Earth observational and optical satellite which is schedule to launch in 2014 for the replacement of Badr-II satellite.
 Annie Faxon was a steamboat that was built by the Oregon Steam Navigation Company. She is chiefly remembered now for the catastrophic boiler explosion in 1893 that destroyed her and killed eight people on board.
 The Caproni Ca.18 was a military reconnaissance aircraft built in Italy shortly prior to World War I. It became the first Italian-designed and -built aircraft to see service with the Italian armed forces. The Ca.18 was a monoplane of conventional configuration and fixed tailskid undercarriage.
 The I-351-class submarine (伊三百五十一型潜水艦 I-351-gata sensuikan) was a class of tanker/transport submarines built for the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) during World War II. The IJN called this type of submarine Sen-Ho (潜補 Sensuikan-Hokyū Submarine-Tanker). The IJN designed these submarines to support flying boats in forward areas. By the time the first submarine was finished this capability was no longer needed and she was converted into an oil tanker.
 SM U-138 was one of the 329 submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy in World War I. U-138 was engaged in the naval warfare and took part in the First Battle of the Atlantic.
 HMS Superb was a two-deck 80-gun second rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 6 September 1842 at Pembroke Dockyard.She was one of the Vanguard class designed by Sir William Symonds Surveyor of the Navy and an innovative and controversial naval architect. Each ship of the class was designed with a slightly different hull shape aiming to optimise speed and handling characteristics.
 HMS Nonsuch was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched at Deptford in 1696.Nonsuch was converted into a hulk in 1740 and she continued to serve in this capacity until 1745 when she was broken up.
 The Icebird is a cargo vessel which delivers supplies to the Australian Antarctic Division (AAD) bases principally Macquarie Island Mawson Casey and Davis Stations. The Icebird's maiden voyage to Antarctica began when she departed from Cape Town South Africa in November 1984. In 1996 the vessel was renamed Polar Bird.
 The Morane-Saulnier H was a sport aircraft produced in France in the years before the First World War a single-seat derivative of the successful Morane-Saulnier G with a slightly reduced wingspan Like the Type G it was a successful sporting and racing aircraft.
 USS Maryland (SSBN-738) is a United States Navy Ohio-class ballistic missile submarine. Maryland is the 13th of 18 of the Ohio-class ballistic missile submarines and has been in commission since 1992.Maryland is the fourth United States Navy vessel to be named after the U.S. state of Maryland. Her mission is to provide the United States of America with an undetectable and unattackable nuclear launch platform in support of the national strategy of strategic deterrence.
 USS LSM(R) 198 was a Landing Ship Medium (Rocket) of the US Navy during World War II.It was laid down at Charleston Navy Yard Charleston South Carolina. The ship was commissioned on 12 December 1944 with LtJG. George B. Timmerman Jr. USNR in command.
 The Sopwith Admiralty Type C was an early British seaplane designed and built by Sopwith Aviation to drop torpedos. A single engined tractor biplane seaplane three were delivered to the Royal Navy in November 1914 but proved unable to lift a torpedo.
 The Miles M.8 Peregrine was a 1930s British twin-engined light transport monoplane designed by Miles Aircraft Limited.
 USS Shreveport (LPD-12) is an Austin-class American amphibious transport dock. It is the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the city in Louisiana. Her keel was laid down on 27 December 1965 by the Lockheed Shipbuilding and Construction Company of Seattle Washington. She was launched on 22 October 1966 sponsored by Mrs. Andrew McBurney Jackson Jr. and commissioned on 12 December 1970 with Captain Pehr H. Pehrsson in command.
 The Bentley 4 Litre was a motor car built on rolling chassis made by Bentley Motors Limited. The 4 litre chassis was conceived and built in a failed attempt to restore Bentley to a good financial state. Announced 15 May 1931 it used a modified four litre Ricardo IOE engine in a shortened 8 litre chassis at two-thirds of the price of the 8 Litre in an attempt to compete with the Rolls-Royce 20/25.
 The Avama Stylus is a Slovakian light-sport aircraft designed and produced by Avama and was introduced at the Aero show held in Friedrichshafen in 2010. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 The Goliath 1100 is a small automobile that was manufactured from 1957 to 1961 by the Bremen based Goliath-Werke Borgward & Co a subsidiary of Borgward. A two-door saloon and a three-door kombi (estate) version were available from launch and a two-door coupe was introduced a year later.
 INS Chapal (K94) was a Chamak class missile boat of the Indian Navy.It is now a museum ship on Rabindranath Tagore Beach in Karwar Karnataka.
 The Avro 547 was a prototype triplane airliner developed in Britain after the First World War. It utilised components from the highly successful 504 but added an extra set of wings and a new deep fuselage housing a fully enclosed cabin to seat four passengers. The aircraft was powered by a 160 hp (120 kW) Beardmore engine. The pilot sat in an open cockpit offset to port.
 Ilmarinen was a small steam-powered icebreaker that was part of the Finnish state-owned icebreaker fleet in 1918–1922. Built as Silatch for Russia she was given back her original name when the ship was returned to the Soviet Union in 1922.
 Bredenhof VOC Bredenhof was a Dutch East Indiaman transport ship that foundered on a reef 120 miles south of Mozambique and only 13 miles off the African coast near the Cape of Good Hope on 6 June 1753. The loss of the Bredenhof on her third voyage to the East Indies was meticulously recorded in the Dutch archives.
 USS Sunbeam III (SP-251) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919. The prefix designator means Section Patrol Craft.[1]Sunbeam III was built as a civilian motorboat of the same name in 1917 by the Charles L. Seabury Company and the Gas Engine and Power Company at Morris Heights in the Bronx New York. Her owner Mr. R. B. Roosevelt of New York City loaned her to the U.S. Navy under a free lease agreement for World War I service as a patrol vessel.
 The GER Class F48 was a class of sixty 0-6-0 steam tender locomotives designed by James Holden for the Great Eastern Railway in Great Britain. They passed to the London and North Eastern Railway at the grouping in 1923 and received the LNER classification J16.
 The CVA-01 aircraft carrier was to be a class of at least two fleet carriers that would have replaced the Royal Navy's existing aircraft carriers most of which had been designed prior to or during World War II.The project was cancelled along with the proposed Type 82 destroyers that would have escorted them in the 1966 Defence White Paper due to inter-service rivalries the huge cost of the proposed carriers and the difficulties they would have presented in construction operation and maintenance. 
 The Ford Transit is a range of light commercial vehicles produced by Ford Motor Company since 1965. Sold primarily as a cargo van the Transit is also built as a passenger van (marketed as the Tourneo since 1995) minibus cutaway van chassis and as a pickup truck.
 The ADI Bumble Bee (sometimes Hollmann Bumble Bee) is an ultralight gyrocopter the first of its kind when it flew in 1983 and still available in plans form for homebuilding.It was designed by Martin Hollmann after a back injury (sustained in the crash of the ADI Condor) prevented him from flying his previous design (the ADI Sportster) on account of not being able to lift the rotor assembly.[citation needed]
 SM U-96 was one of the 329 submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy in World War I. U-96 was engaged in the naval warfare and took part in the First Battle of the Atlantic. Launched in 1917 she survived the war.
 USNS Richard G. Matthiesen (T-AOT-1124) was one of four tankers known as T5s with double hulls ice-strengthened for protection against damage during missions in extreme climates. She was part of Military Sealift Command's Sealift Program transporting fuel for the Department of Defense. Richard G. Matthiesen had missions including refueling the National Science Foundation in Antarctica and Thule Air Base in Greenland.
 HMS Greyhound was a Hawthorn Leslie three-funnel 30 knot destroyer ordered by the Royal Navy under the 1898 – 1899 Naval Estimates.
 The Magicienne class was a type of twelve 32-gun frigates of the French Navy each with a main battery of 26 x 12-pounder long guns and with 6 x 6-pounders on the quarterdeck and forecastle. They were designed by Joseph-Marie-Blaise Coulomb. MagicienneBuilder: ToulonOrdered: 7 February 1777Begun: March 1777Launched: 1 August 1778Completed: October 1778Fate: captured by British Navy off Boston on 2 July 1781 and added to the British Navy.
 The first USS Calypso was a steamer captured by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. Calypso was used by the Navy as a gunboat and was ordered to patrol navigable waterways of the Confederacy to prevent the South from trading with other countries.
 The S sets are a class of electric multiple unit operated by Sydney Trains in New South Wales Australia. The carriages are of stainless steel double deck construction and are not air-conditioned. Withdrawal of the sets commenced in 2012 with all planned to be replaced by A sets by 2015. However with no new rolling stock ordered for the South West Rail Link some will remain in service.
 The airship L 19 (also known as the LZ 54) was a World War I Zeppelin of the German Kaiserliche Marine (Imperial Navy). While returning from her first bombing raid on the United Kingdom in early 1916 she came down in the North Sea. Her crew survived the crash but drowned after the crew of a British fishing vessel refused to rescue them; at the time this was a widely reported and notorious incident.
 The Suzuki GSX-R750RK also known as the RR was a limited edition version of the Suzuki GSX-R750. Since 1989 only 500 were made.
 HMCS St. John's (FFH 340) is a Halifax-class frigate that has served in the Royal Canadian Navy since her commissioning in 1996. She is the eleventh of twelve ships in her class which is based on the Canadian Patrol Frigate Project. St. John's is named after the city of St.
 USS Batfish (SSN-681) a Sturgeon-class submarine was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the bat rayas implied by the ship's badge or the batfish.
 The Messerschmitt Bf 161 was a 1930s prototype German reconnaissance aircraft.
 The LK50GY (Pulse Rage 50 – LK50GY-2 in Europe) is a motorcycle manufactured by Pulse Motorcycles Ltd and is currently their only 50 cc sport moped. The manufacturer's suggested retail price (SRP) for the LK50GY in the UK market is £1395. The LK50GY is particularly popular amongst 16-year-old learner drivers. The LK50GY is also very fuel economical as the manufacturer's advised fuel consumption is 141.24 MPG.
 The Penrhyn Port Class was a class of three narrow gauge steam locomotives built for the Penrhyn Quarry Railway (PQR). These locomotives were built by the Hunslet Engine Company between 1883 and 1885 and supplied specifically to work at Port Penrhyn near Bangor north Wales. They were a variant of the standard Dinorwic Alice Class design.
 The Rans S-19 Venterra (English: wind over the earth) is an American single-engined tractor configuration two-seats in side-by-side configuration low-wing monoplane designed by Randy Schlitter as a light-sport aircraft and manufactured by Rans Inc. The Venterra is available as a complete factory-built aircraft and in kit form for amateur construction.
 Couronne was a Téméraire class 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy.She took part in the Invasion of Algiers in 1830. She was later renamed Barricade and Duperré after Admiral Duperré's death. She was used as a hulk from 17 August 1869 and broken up the next year.
 USS R-26 (SS-103) was an R-class coastal and harbor defense submarine of the United States Navy. Her keel was laid down 26 April 1917 by the Lake Torpedo Boat Company in Bridgeport Connecticut; the R-boats built by Lake Torpedo Boat (R-21 through R-27) are sometimes considered a separate class from those built by Fore River Shipbuilding (R-1 through R-14) and Union Iron Works (R-15 through R-20). She was launched on 18 June 1919 sponsored by Mrs. J.
 SS Scoresby was a British cargo steamship that was built in 1923 sailed in a number of transatlantic convoys in 1940 and was sunk by a U-boat that October.
 The Siemens-Schuckert Dr.I was a German single seat triplane fighter aircraft first flown in 1917. Its development and that of a more powerful uncompleted variant was abandoned after a flight test programme.
 USS General Burnside (1862) was a Steamship acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Navy as a gunboat and was assigned to patrol waterways in the Confederate South.
 The MFI BA-12 Sländan is a single seat ultralight of pod and high boom configuration and with a butterfly tail. It was designed and built in Sweden in the 1980s and led to a two seat slightly larger development called the BA-14.
 Eugénie was a French 16-gun privateer ship-sloop launched in 1798. On 16 March 1798 HMS Magnanime was escorting a small convoy when she spied a privateer lurking about seeking an opportunity to pick off a prize. Captain Michael de Courcy set Magnanime in chase. Twenty-three hours and 256 miles later he captured the Eugénie at Latitude 42 and Longitude 12. She had been armed with 18 guns eight of which she had thrown overboard during the chase and had a crew of 107 men.
 The Ville de Paris was an Océan class 118-gun ship of the line of the French Navy.Her keeled was in Rochefort in 1807 as Marengo. During her construction she was renamed Ville de Vienne Comte d'Artois during the Bourbon Restoration Ville de Vienne again briefly during the Hundred Days and back to Comte d'Artois thereafter. On 9 October 1830 following the July Revolution she took her name of Ville de Paris.
 HMS Eagle was a 64-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 2 May 1774 at Rotherhithe.On 7 September 1776 the experimental American submarine Turtle under the guidance of army volunteer Sergeant Ezra Lee attacked HMS Eagle which was moored off what is today called Liberty Island but was unable to bore through the hull. When Lee attempted another spot in the hull he lost the ship and eventually abandoned the attempt.
 The U sets were a type of electric multiple unit operated by the New South Wales Government Railways and its successors between September 1958 and November 1996. They were nicknamed U-boats.
 HMS Royal Sovereign was a 100-gun first rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy which served as the flagship of Admiral Collingwood at the Battle of Trafalgar. She was the third of seven Royal Navy ships to bear the name. Designed by Sir Edward Hunt she was launched at Plymouth Dockyard on 11 September 1786 at a cost of £67458 and was the only ship built to her draught. She was known by her crew as the West Country Wagon due to her poor manoeuvrability and speed.[citation needed]
 USS Ocelot (IX–110) was an unclassified miscellaneous vessel of the United States Navy which served as the flagship of Service Squadron 10 in the Pacific War from late 1944 until she was wrecked in a typhoon in late 1945.
 The Barry Railway class H was a small class of seven 0-8-2T tank locomotives built for the Barry Railway by Sharp Stewart in 1896. When they were introduced they were the first locomotives in Britain to use the 0-8-2 wheel arrangement.
 USS Effingham (APA-165) was a Haskell-class attack transport acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II for the task of transporting troops to and from combat areas.
 RMS Majestic was a White Star liner working on the North Atlantic run originally launched in 1914 as the Hamburg America Line liner SS Bismarck. At 56551 gross register tons she was the largest ship in the world until completion of the SS Normandie in 1935. The third and largest member of German HAPAG Line's trio of transatlantic liners her completion was delayed by World War I. She never sailed under the German flag except on her sea trials in 1922.
 The Lotus 59 is a racing car built by Lotus Components Ltd. for the 1969 and 1970 seasons.
 Eliza Hayward (SP-1414) was a sloop that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1918.The U.S. Navy acquired Eliza Hayward on 24 August 1917 for World War I service. She served in the 5th Naval District in a non-commissioned status for the next thirteen months.The Navy returned Eliza Hayward to her owner on 24 September 1918.
 The Dornier Do 11 was a German medium bomber developed in secret in the early 1930s. It was originally called the Dornier F before being renamed by the Reichsluftfahrtministerium (RLM) in 1933 and was considered a heavy bomber at the time. It came into service in 1932 a continuation of a line of bomber designs going back to the Dornier Do P in 1930 and the Dornier Do Y in 1931. The line would continue to develop with the Dornier Do 13 and Dornier Do 23.
 The Storm class fast patrol boats (FPB) were a class of 20 vessels built for the Royal Norwegian Navy.In Norwegian these boats were called missilkanonbåter (MKB) meaning boats with missiles and guns. They were operated by the Coastal Combat Flotilla together with the MTBs or Missile Torpedo Boats. None of the boats are currently in service with the Royal Norwegian Navy.
 The Fuji LM-1 Nikko is a Japanese light communications aircraft of the 1950s.
 The B.A. Eagle was a British light aircraft of the 1930s. It was a three-seat low-wing monoplane built by the British Klemm Aeroplane Company (which later became known as the British Aircraft Manufacturing Co.) 42 were built.
 The Alco S-5 (DL 421A) was a diesel-electric locomotive of the switcher type rated at 800 horsepower (600 kW) that rode on two-axle trucks having a B-B wheel arrangement.This was Alco's second attempt to build a replacement 251-engined switcher to replace the 539-engined S-3 and S-4. Only seven were sold. The demonstrator unit was ALCO specification DL421 and the six production units were ALCO specification DL421A.
 The Drache-class ironclad was a class of armored frigates built for the Austro-Hungarian Navy in the 1860s.
 The VLS-1 (Portuguese: Veículo Lançador de Satélites) is the Brazilian Space Agency's main satellite launch vehicle. The launch vehicle will be capable of launching satellites into orbit. The launch site is located at the Alcântara Launch Center due to its proximity to the equator.Associated vehicles include the Sonda I Sonda II Sonda III and Sonda IV the VS-30 VS-40 and VSB-30.
 USCGC Wachusett (WHEC-44) was an Owasco class high endurance cutter built for World War II service with the United States Coast Guard. She was commissioned too late for service in that war and consequently did not see military service until the Vietnam War.Wachusett was built by Western Pipe & Steel at the company's San Pedro shipyard. Named after Wachusett Lake Massachusetts she was commissioned as a patrol gunboat with ID number WPG-44 on 23 March 1946.
 The Akaflieg Darmstadt D-6 Geheimrat often shortened to Darmstadt D-6 Geheimrat was an early competition glider with a single seat and high cantilever wing designed and built by German University students in 1922.
 HMAS Tamworth (J181/B250/A124) named for the city of Tamworth New South Wales was one of 60 Bathurst class corvettes constructed during World War II and one of 20 built on Admiralty order but manned by personnel of and later commissioned into the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). Tamworth later saw service in the Royal Netherlands Navy (RNN) and in the Indonesian Navy (TNI-AL).
 The first USS Union was a steamer designed and constructed by the U.S. Navy as an experimental improved version of its current steam-powered ships which were not considered as efficient as they should be.Union was laid down at the Norfolk Navy Yard Portsmouth Virginia in 1841; launched in late 1842; and commissioned at Norfolk Virginia in early 1843 Lt. W. W. Hunter in command.
 The LD&ECR class B (LNER Class J60) was a class of 0-6-0T steam locomotives of the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway.Four were built in 1897. Three were normally based at Langwith Junction and the other at Tuxford. In later years they moved to Wrexham with one transferring to Gorton as the works shunter.
 Hillsborough was a 764 ton merchantman and convict ship that was dispatched in 1798 from England to Australia. She was employed for the services of the East India Company between 1783 and 1798.Under the command of William Hingston she sailed from Gravesend via Portland Roads England on 23 December 1798 with 300 male convicts. She arrived at Port Jackson on 26 July 1799. Ninety five convicts died on the voyage.
 The CD4E was a 4-speed automatic transaxle for front-wheel-drive cars from 1994 to 2007. It was manufactured at Ford's Batavia Transmission plant starting in 1994. The CD4E was called the LA4A-EL by Mazda and is also known as the 4F44E internally to Ford.
 The SS Barossa was a 4239 gross ton cargo ship built by Caledon Shipbuilding & Engineering Company Dundee for the Adelaide Steamship Company in 1938. She was heavily damaged and sank as a result of damage suffered during the Japanese air raid on Darwin on 19 February 1942. She was salvaged and refloated. Barossa was transferred to Associated Steamships in January 1964 before being sold in May and renamed Cronulla.
 The Curtiss Model 54 Tanager was an aircraft constructed in 1929 as Curtiss' entry in the Guggenheim Safe Aircraft Competition. It was a conventional biplane design with a highly streamlined fuselage similar in outline to the Curtiss Eagle but of considerably smaller proportions.
 The Goliath Pionier is a small three wheeled two seater vehicle first presented by Carl F. W. Borgward at the 1931 Berlin motor show. It remained in production until 1934 by when approximately 4000 had been produced.
 The Tatra 623 was a Czech two-seat rear-engined car developed for rapid assistance on races and in normal operation. At first it was created by rebuilding the Tatra 613-2 vehicles by rescue organization AMK Narex (since 1992 Narimex). Tatra for this rebuild prepared the basic documentation and let it approve rebuilds then took place in the Tatra service and mostly in collaboration with Narex and Kovoslužba organizations.
 The Aeritalia F-104S Starfighter was a licensed production Italian version of the Lockheed F-104 Starfighter which served in the Italian Air Force (AMI Aeronautica Militare Italiana) and was the AMI's mainstay from the late 1960s until the beginning of the 21st Century. The F-104S also served in the Turkish Air Force until the mid-1990s.
 HMS H7 was a British H-class submarine built by the Canadian Vickers Co Montreal Canada. She was laid down on 19 May 1915 and was commissioned in June 1915.HMS H7 was sold in 1921.
 The NEOPLAN Megaliner is a double-deck multi-axle luxury touring coach built by the German coach manufacturer NEOPLAN Bus GmbH.
 The Beagle B.206 is a 1960s British seven-seat twin-engined liaison and communication aircraft built by Beagle Aircraft Limited at Shoreham Airport and Rearsby Aerodrome.
 The MV Agusta F4 was the motorcycle that launched the resurrection of MV Agusta in 1998. The F4 was created by motorcycle designer Massimo Tamburini at CRC (Cagiva Research Center) following his work on the Ducati 916. The F4 has a four pipe undertail exhaust single-sided swingarm large front forks (49 or 50 mm diameter) and traditional MV Agusta red and silver livery. The F4 is also one of the few production superbikes to have hemispherical chamber 4 valves per cylinder engine.
 The RMS Duke of Lancaster was a steamer passenger ship operated by the London Midland and Scottish Railway from 1928 to 1956.
 Class E 499.1 electric locomotives were built in Škoda Works in Plzeň for use in the Czechoslovakia on the ČSD. They were also used outside Czechoslovakia in Poland as the class EP05 and in the Soviet Union as ЧС3 (ChS3).After the fall of the iron curtain and consequent upheavals in railway operations they remain in use with a number of railways. Still in the 1980s ČSD locomotives were renumbered to the class 141.
 MS Azura is a cruise ship operated P&O Cruises and owned by Carnival PLC. The ship was built by Fincantieri at their shipyard in Monfalcone Italy. At 115055 tonnes Azura is the second largest of seven ships currently in service with P&O Cruises. She is also the sister ship of MS Ventura. She officially entered service with the company in April 2010 and was named by Darcey Bussell.
 BB-MAI (Russian: ББ-МАИ) was a Soviet light bomber/attack plane prototype aircraft. Designed in 1939 by Pyotr Grushin of the Moscow Aviation Institute (MAI hence the designation) it was delayed by problems with the new Klimov M-105 engine and eventually only a single prototype was built. While the design was not accepted for serial production it was the first Soviet aircraft to use a tricycle landing gear and one of the first to feature a supercharger and leading-edge slats.
 German submarine U-32 was a Type VIIA U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.Her keel was laid down on 15 March 1936 by AG Weser of Bremen as Werk 913. She was launched on 25 February 1937 and commissioned on 15 April with Kapitänleutnant (Kptlt.) Werner Lott in command. On 15 August 1937 Lott was relieved by Korvettenkapitän (Krv.Kpt.) Paul Büchel and on 12 February 1940 Oberleutnant zur See (Oblt.z.S.) Hans Jenisch took over he was in charge of the boat until her loss.
 The Bridgewater class sloop was a class composed of two ships built for the Royal Navy HMS Bridgewater and HMS Sandwich. The ships were part of the Royal Navy's 1927 Build Programme as replacements for the Flower-class sloop.
 The G60 is a mid-engined sports car produced by British based Ginetta Cars based on the Ginetta F400 which itself was based on the Farbio GTS. It is manufactured in Garforth Yorkshire and only around 50 a year will be produced from the start of 2012.The G60 is powered by a Ford Cyclone V6 engine with a capacity of 3727cc producing 310 bhp (231 kW; 314 PS) at 6500rpm and torque of 288 lb·ft (390 N·m) at 4500rpm.
 The TW 6000 is a type of articulated light rail vehicle used on the Hanover Stadtbahn system originally manufactured by Düwag AEG Kiepe and Siemens the later batches being built by LHB (now part of Alstom). The vehicle can serve both high platforms and street-level stops; it has cabs at both ends thus eliminating the need for turning loops. It was unique in Germany at the time for featuring thyristor chopper control and a contemporary design by Prof.
 The A35 is a small (compact) car that was sold by the British Motor Corporation under the Austin marque in the 1950s.
 HMS Charlotte was a mercantile schooner that Royal Navy hired or chartered in 1796 (or earlier) purchased in 1797 and commissioned in 1798. In her brief military career in the Caribbean she captured two small enemy privateers before she herself fell prey to a French privateer. The British recaptured her a little more than a year later but then broke her up in 1799 rather than recommissioning her.
 SS Oster is a Norwegian steamship built in 1908 by Christianssands Mekaniske Værksted for the Indre Nordhordlandske Dampskibsselskab. She sailed between Bergen and Osterfjorden in Norway with passengers and goods from 1908 until World War II when she was acquired as a guard ship by the Royal Norwegian Navy and later by the German Navy. After the war the vessel was in need of maintenance and modernization before she could be put back in service in 1956.
 The RagWing RW7 Duster is a single seat low wing strut-braced single engine ultralight aircraft designed by Roger Mann and sold as plans by RagWing Aircraft Designs for amateur construction.
 German submarine U-29 was a Type VIIA U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She was laid down on 2 January 1936 launched on 29 August and commissioned on 10 November. During her career U-29 was involved in seven war patrols under the command of Kapitänleutnant Otto Schuhart.
 USAT Brigadier General M. G. Zalinski was a U.S. Army transport ship that served in World War II. It sank in 1946 in the Grenville Channel in British Columbia's Inside Passage.The crew were rescued by a tug boat and the SS Catala passenger steamer but the cargo of bombs and oil went down with the ship. As of June 2006 planning is underway by Canadian officials to deal with the wreck located near the site of the ferry MV Queen of the North which sank on 22 March 2006.
 SM UC-68 was a German Type UC II minelaying submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. The U-boat was ordered on 12 January 1916 and was launched on 12 August 1916. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 17 December 1916 as SM UC-68. In 2 patrols UC-68 was credited with sinking 2 ships either by torpedo or by mines laid. UC-68 was sunk by the detonation of one of her own mines at Start Point on 13 March 1917.
 USS Nirvana (SP-706) later USS SP-706 was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission in 1917 and from 1918 to 1919.Nirvana was built as the civilian motorboat Tarpon II in 1915 by S.O. Hauser at Staten Island New York. She later was renamed Nirvana.The U.S. Navy acquired Nirvana from her owner M. S. Martin on 21 May 1917 for World War I service as a patrol vessel on the section patrol.
 The 'S.S. Ben Lomond' was an 1872 twin screw steamer plying the waters of Lake Wakatipu in New Zealand. For some years she was the oldest vessel on Lloyd's Register.The vessel was launched as the Jane Williams at Queenstown on 10 February 1872 and registered at Dunedin on 26 March the same year. The vessel's name was changed to Ben Lomond after the mountain of the same name on 12 May 1886. She was withdrawn from service on 30 June 1951 and sunk off Kingston Bay on 28 October 1952.
 MS Vesterålen is a passenger vessel operated by the Norwegian-based Hurtigruten. The vessel was constructed in Harstad Norway in 1983. She was refitted in Bremen Germany in 1989 to increase passenger capacity and then later in 1995. As of 2010 the ship operates cruises primarily along the coast of Norway.
 HMS H22 was a British H class submarine built by Vickers Limited Barrow-in-Furness as part of the Batch 3 H class submarines. She was laid down on 7 September 1918 and was commissioned on 6 November 1918.HMS H22 was sold on 19 February 1929 and was broken up in Charlestown Fife.
 The No.6-class submarine (第六型潜水艦 Dairoku-gata sensuikan) was the first class of submarines of the Imperial Japanese Navy built domestically in Japan. Consisting of two vessels these submarines were highly modified versions Holland-class vessels designed in the United States.
 USS Minos (ARL-14) was one of 39 Achelous-class landing craft repair ships built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named for Minos (in Greek mythology a son of Zeus and Europa who was a king and lawgiver of Crete) she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.Originally laid down as LST-644 by the Chicago Bridge & Iron Company of Seneca Illinois; launched 15 September 1944; sponsored by Miss Ruth D.
 USNS Yano (T-AKR-297) was originally constructed as the container ship Leise Maersk in 1980. In 1987 the ship was lengthened and again in the 1990s before it was purchased by the United States Navy. Once the transfer was complete the ship underwent a conversion to a large medium-speed roll-on/roll-off ship at NASSCO.
 The Evans VP-2 is a development of the Evans VP-1 Volksplane both of which were designed in La Jolla California by William Samuel Evans a design specialist with the aircraft company Convair.
 The Northrop P-61 Black Widow named for the American spider was the first operational U.S. military aircraft designed specifically for night interception of opposing aircraft and was the first aircraft specifically designed to use radar. The P-61 had a crew of three: pilot gunner and radar operator.
 The Thor-Burner was an American expendable launch system a member of the Thor rocket family. It consisted of a Thor missile with one or two Burner upper stages. It was used between 1965 and 1976 to orbit a number of satellites most commonly Defense Meteorological Satellite Program weather satellites. Twenty-four were launched of which two failed. Each launch cost 11.890 million 1985 US Dollars. It weighed 51810 kg and was 24 metres tall.
 The County of Peebles was the world's first four-masted iron-hulled full-rig ship built in 1875 by Barclay Curle Shipbuilders in Glasgow Scotland for the shipping firm R & J Craig of Glasgow. Measuring 81.2m (266 feet 6 inches) long with a beam of 11.8m (38 feet 7 inches) a draft of 7.1m (23 feet 4 inches) and displacing 1614 tons she was a state-of-the-art windjammer when she entered the jute trade between Great Britain (e.g. Dundee and Cardiff) Bombay India and East India e.g.
 The Jaguar XE (codename X760) is a forthcoming model range announced by the British car manufacturer Jaguar at the March 2014 Geneva Motor Show with sales scheduled to commence in 2015. It will be the first small Jaguar since the X-Type which stopped production in 2009.It is designed to sit below the XF model and is claimed to be the first car in its segment to use an aluminium monocoque structure first previewed in the C-X17 concept car shown in 2013.
 Io Volcano Observer (IVO) is a proposed unmanned spacecraft that if approved and launched would orbit Jupiter and perform at least seven flybys of Jupiter's moon Io.
 USS Western Belle (ID-3551) was a United States Navy cargo ship in commission from 1918 to 1919.
 USS Blue Bird (SP-465) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Blue Bird was built as the private motorboat Houqua in 1911 by the Matthews Boat Company at Port Clinton Ohio for A. A. Augustus of Lakewood Ohio. She may have been renamed Parthenia later and eventually was renamed Blue Bird.On 25 June 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired Blue Bird under a free lease from her owner - by then E.
 RFA Scotol was an 1000-ton class tanker of the British Royal Fleet Auxiliary.The ship was built by the Tyne Iron Shipbuilding Co. Ltd. at Willington Quay Howdon Northumberland and launched on 23 June 1916. First used as a Port Oiler at Dover and then stationed at Portland until August 1947. The ship was sold to Hemsley Bell Ltd (H.L.R.
 The IAR-23 and IAR-24 were low-wing monoplane light multipurpose aircraft with a conventional undercarriage built by IAR of Romania.
 The 5000 series is a series of Chicago 'L' car built by Bombardier Transportation. A $577 million order for 406 cars was placed in 2006. In July 2011 the CTA ordered 300 more cars for $331 million as an option on the first contract.The 5000-series reuses a numbering set used on 4 experimental articulated train-sets that were in service from 1947 to 1985. Only 2 currently survive 5001 at the Fox River Trolley Museum and 5002 at the Illinois Railway Museum.
 The La Fayette-class units (FL-3000 for Frégate Légère de 3000 tonnes 3000-tonnes light frigates or FLF or Frégate Légère Furtive Light Stealth Frigate) are light multi-mission frigates built by DCNS and operated by French Marine Nationale. Derivatives of the type are in service in Saudi Arabia (Royal Saudi Navy) Singapore (Republic of Singapore Navy) and Taiwan (Republic of China Navy).These frigates were referred to as stealth frigates.
 The Brede class lifeboat was operated by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) from its stations around the coasts of the United Kingdom between 1982 and 2002 at which time it was the fastest all-weather lifeboat in its fleet. Eleven were put into service and when replaced by larger boats seven were sold for further use as lifeboats mainly in South Africa.The class takes its name from the River Brede which joins the River Rother to flow into the English Channel at Rye Sussex.
 The Ducati Supermono is a lightweight single-cylinder racing motorcycle made by Ducati. It is named for the Supermono racing class. The Supermono is arguably one of the most collectable Ducatis in any era. Only 65 Supermonos were built by Ducati between 1993 and 1995.
 The Douglas DC-7 is an American transport aircraft built by the Douglas Aircraft Company from 1953 to 1958. It was the last major piston-engine powered transport made by Douglas coming just a few years before the advent of jet aircraft such as the Boeing 707 and Douglas DC-8.
 USS Kingfish (SS-234) a Gato-class submarine was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for the kingfish a fish found along the Atlantic coast of the United States.Kingfish (SS-234) was laid down on 29 August 1941 by Portsmouth Navy Yard. She was launched 2 March 1942 (sponsored by Mrs. Harry A. Stuart wife of Rear Admiral Stuart) and commissioned 20 May 1942 with Lieutenant Commander Vernon L. Rebel Lowrance (Class of 1930) in command.
 The 2000 series (2000系) is a type of monorail train which has operated on the Osaka Monorail since 2001. The trains are built by Hitachi Ltd. and Kawasaki Heavy Industries have aluminium bodies and operate as four-car formations.
 The Icaro Mars is an Italian high-wing single-place hang glider that was designed and produced by Icaro 2000.
 USS Moonstone (PYc-9) was a coastal patrol yacht in the service of the United States Navy. She was built in 1929 as Nancy Baker by Germaniawerft in Kiel Germany later renamed Mona and subsequently acquired by the Navy as the Lone Star on 10 February 1941. Renamed Moonstone and designated PYc-9 she was converted for Navy service in Jacksonville Florida and commissioned on 10 April 1941.
 HMNZS Taupo (P3570) is a Protector-class inshore patrol boat of the Royal New Zealand Navy. Taupo was delivered to the Ministry of Defence on the 28 May 2009 and commissioned into the Royal New Zealand Navy on 29 May 2009. Taupo is the third ship of this name to serve in the Royal New Zealand Navy and is named after Lake Taupo.
 Atlas V is an active expendable launch system in the Atlas rocket family. Atlas V was formerly operated by Lockheed Martin and is now operated by the Lockheed Martin-Boeing joint venture United Launch Alliance. Each Atlas V rocket uses a Russian-built RD-180 engine burning kerosene and liquid oxygen to power its first stage and an American-built RL10 engine burning liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen to power its Centaur upper stage.
 The Van's RV-6 and RV-6A are two-seat single-engine low-wing homebuilt airplanes sold in kit form by Van's Aircraft. The RV-6 is the tail-wheel equipped version while the RV-6A features a nose-wheel. The RV-6 was the first aircraft in the popular Van’s RV series to feature side-by-side seating and the first to offer a nosewheel option. It was first flown in 1985. Over 2500 kits have been completed and flown.The RV-6 kit has been superseded by the similar but improved RV-7.
 Samuel P. Ely is a shipwreck in Two Harbors Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places. She was a schooner that sailed the Great Lakes carrying iron ore coal and other bulk freight. She was built in 1869 and was a fairly typical example of the 200-foot schooner built in the 1870s though she was reinforced for the demands of carrying iron ore.
 The Breguet 761/763/765 were a family of 1940s and 1950s French double-deck transport aircraft produced by Breguet. The aircraft were normally called the Deux-Ponts (Double-Decker) but it was not an official name.
 The Kozakura-class traffic boat (小櫻型交通艇 Kozakura-gata kōtsūtei) was a class of motor gunboat of the Imperial Japanese Navy serving during from 1930s to World War II. The IJN official designation was 30-ton traffic boat (三拾瓲交通艇 30-ton kōtsūtei).
 The LFG Roland D.IV later redesignated LFG Roland Dr.I was a German single engine single seat triplane fighter flown in mid-1917. It produced no performance or operational advantages over existing types and only one was built.
 USS Nausett a single-turreted twin-screw monitor was built by Donald McKay South Boston MA and launched on 26 April 1865 and commissioned on 10 August 1865 Acting Master Win. U. Grozier in command. Soon after her commissioning she steamed to New York NY where she decommissioned on 24 August 1865 and was laid up at the New York Navy Yard.Nausett was a Casco-class light-draft monitor intended for service in the shallow bays rivers and inlets of the Confederacy.
 The Kawasaki Ki-3 (九三式単軽爆撃機 Kyūsan-shiki tankei bakugekiki) was a light bomber built by Kawasaki Kōkūki Kōgyō KK for the Imperial Japanese Army in the 1930s. It was the last biplane bomber design to be produced for the Imperial Japanese Army Air Force and saw combat service in Manchukuo and in north China during the early stages of the Second Sino-Japanese War.
 The Ducati ST series are Italian sport touring motorcycles that were made by Ducati between 1997 and 2007. The models included (in order of release) the ST2 ST4/ST4s and ST3/ST3s.
 USS Nautilus (SSN-571) was the world's first operational nuclear-powered submarine. The vessel was the first submarine to complete a submerged transit to the North Pole on 3 August 1958. Sharing names with the submarine in Jules Verne's Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea and named after another USS Nautilus (SS-168) that served with distinction in World War II Nautilus was authorized in 1951 and launched in 1954.
 USS Devastator (MCM-6) is an Avenger-class mine countermeasures ship of the United States Navy.Construction of Devastator began on 9 February 1987 when her keel was laid at Peterson Shipbuilders in Sturgeon Bay Wisconsin. Construction was finished and the vessel was launched on 11 June 1988. Devastator received her commission in the US Navy on 6 October 1990.
 The Suzuki CS is a series of scooters/mopeds that were produced between 1982 and 1988 by the Suzuki Motor Corporation in Japan. The line-up consisted of three basic models the CS50 (49cc two-stroke engine) CS80 (79cc two-stroke) and CS125 (125cc four-stroke). The CS series were marketed as the 'Suzuki Gemma' in Asia and the 'Suzuki Roadie' in the UK and Australasia.
 Z16 Friedrich Eckoldt was a Type 1934A-class destroyer built for the German Navy (Kriegsmarine) in the late 1930s. It was named after Kapitänleutnant Friedrich Eckoldt (1887-1916) the commander of torpedo boat V 48 who was killed when his boat was sunk during the Battle of Jutland on 31 May 1916. At the beginning of World War II the ship was initially deployed to blockade the Polish coast but she was quickly transferred to the German Bight to lay minefields in German waters.
 Stalwart class auxiliary general ocean surveillance ships (T-AGOS) were a class of United States Naval Ship (USNS) auxiliary support Ocean Surveillance Ships commissioned between April 1984 and January 1990.
 The Chrysler Town & Country is a family minivan sold worldwide by the Chrysler division of Chrysler Group LLC. The model was introduced in 1990 as a minivan.The Town & Country has evolved through five generations offered variously in long-wheelbase (LWB) and short-wheelbase (SWB) versions — though currently only in LWB form.
 SM UC-79 was a German Type UC II minelaying submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I.
 The Renault MT was a compact sport automobile manufactured by Renault from 1923 to 1925.
 USS SC-742 was a United States Navy SC-497-class submarine chaser which after service during World War II was transferred to the Philippine Navy in 1948.Laid down on 22 April 1942 at Julius Petersen Inc. Nyack New York and launched on 17 August 1942 and commissioned on 1 January 1943.
 The St-Just Cyclone also called the St-Just Cyclone 180 is a Canadian homebuilt aircraft that was designed and produced by St-Just Aviation of Mirabel Quebec. The company has since moved to Boucherville Quebec. While it was available the aircraft was supplied as a kit and in the form of plans for amateur construction.The Cyclone was later developed into the higher gross weight (3500 lb (1600 kg)) St-Just Super-Cyclone which superseded it in production.
 HMS Black Prince was a Duke of Edinburgh-class armoured cruiser built for the Royal Navy in the mid-1900s. She was stationed in the Mediterranean when the First World War began and participated in the pursuit of the German battlecruiser SMS Goeben and light cruiser SMS Breslau. After the German ships reached Ottoman waters the ship was sent to the Red Sea in mid-August to protect troop convoys arriving from India and to search for German merchant ships.
 The Type J1 submarines were large cruiser submarines of the Imperial Japanese Navy.Four boats were built between 1926 and 1929. These boats based on the KD2 and U-139 designs were of a junsen or cruiser type with an impressive range of 24000 nm. Elderly by 1941 they were among the first Japanese submarines converted to supply duty. I-1 was present during the attack on Pearl Harbor and witnessed the Doolittle raid on Tokyo before patrolling the Aleutians.
 The Canadair CT-133 Silver Star (company model number CL-30) was the Canadian license-built version of the Lockheed T-33 Shooting Star jet trainer aircraft in service from the 1950s to 2005. The Canadian version was powered by the Rolls-Royce Nene 10 turbojet whereas the Lockheed production used the Allison J33.
 The Orbiter Mini UAV System Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) is a compact and lightweight system designed for use in Military and Homeland Security missions. It has been used with great effect in the Middle East since it was first developed. The system is used for 'Over The Hill' reconnaissance missions Low Intensity Conflicts and Urban warfare operations as well as any close range ISTAR mission.
 The South African Class 8E 4-8-0 of 1903 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape Colony.In 1903 at the same time that the Cape Government Railways ordered its second batch of thirty-eight 8th Class 4-8-0 Mastodon type steam locomotives four additional locomotives of the same class were ordered but built to modified specifications in order to accommodate a larger grate area.
 Tronador (Thunderer) is a series of Argentine rockets including the Tronador II a liquid propellant expendable launch system which is under development.The Tronador I rocket is an unguided liquid-fueled rocket[citation needed] used for suborbital test flights. It will lead to the larger Tronador II which will have an indigenous guidance system and be capable of reaching low Earth orbit. It is expected to make its maiden flight in 2014.
 The Dassault Étendard IV was a supersonic carrier-borne strike fighter aircraft designed for service with the French Navy. It was in service from 1962 to 1991.
 The Messerschmitt Me 323 Gigant (Giant) was a German military transport aircraft of World War II. It was a powered variant of the Me 321 military glider and was the largest land-based transport aircraft of the war. A total of 213 are recorded as having been made a few being converted from the Me 321.
 The Howard Wright 1909 Biplane was an early British experimental aircraft designed and built by Howard T Wright. It was displayed at the first Aero Show at Olympia in March 1909 and although only one was built it was the first of a series of aircraft built by Wright that were to earn him brief fame as one of England's foremost aircraft manufacturers in the early years of flight.
 USS Redwing (YTB-783) was a United States Navy Natick-class fleet tug large district harbor tug named for the Redwing songbird.
 USS Needle (SP-649) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Needle was built as a private motorboat of the same name by George Lawley & Son at Neponset Massachusetts in 1906. On 9 June 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired her from her owner George L. Batchelder of Medford Massachusetts for use as a section patrol boat during World War I. She was commissioned as USS Needle (SP-649) on 20 June 1917.
 The AEC railmotor was the Victorian Railways of Australia's first successful railmotor. They were introduced in 1922 and until 1925 a total of 19 AECs were built. They came in 3 different forms; seating for 37 passengers in Second Class only seating for 32 First Class passengers Seating for 10 First Class passengers and 22 in Second Class and Seating for 11 First Class passengers and 21 in Second Class. They also had special designed trailers built to increase capacity.
 MV Golden Mariana is a passenger ferry operated by Orkney Ferries.
 USS Contoocook was a screw sloop-of-war in the United States Navy during the American Civil War.Contoocock was launched 3 December 1864 at Portsmouth Navy Yard and commissioned 14 March 1868 Captain George Balch in command. Her first cruise as flagship of the North Atlantic Squadron took her to the West Indies where she patrolled extensively for the protection of American interests during 1868 and 1869. Her name was changed to Albany on 15 May 1869.
 HMS Captain was a 74-gun third-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 26 November 1787 at Limehouse. She served during the French revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars before being placed in harbour service in 1799. An accident caused her to burn and founder in 1813. Later that year she was raised and broken up.
 The Piaggio P.3 was an Italian night bomber prototype built by Piaggio in 1923.
 The Attacker class (also referred to as the Tracker class) is a class of patrol boats. Formerly operated by the Royal Navy and the HM Customs seven of the class are currently operated by the Lebanese Navy and two by Lebanese Customs
 USS Chimaera (ARL-33) was one of 39 Achelous-class landing craft repair ships built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named for the Chimaera (a mythological character symbolic of the destructive forces of nature) she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.Originally planned as LST-1137 the ship was redesignated ARL-33 14 August 1944 ; launched 30 March 1945 by Chicago Bridge and Iron Company of Seneca Illinois; sponsored by Mrs. D. L.
 Yasukuni Maru (靖国丸) was a Japanese ocean liner owned by Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK). The ship was launched in 1930 by Mitsubishi Shipbuilding & Engineering Co. at Nagasaki on the southern island of Kyūshū Japan entering service in 1930. The ship was named for the Yasukuni Shrine a famous Shinto shrine dedicated to the war dead of Japan located in Tokyo.
 MT Haven formerly Amoco Milford Haven was a VLCC (very large crude carrier) leased to Troodos Shipping (a company run by Lucas Haji-Ioannou and his son Stelios Haji-Ioannou). In 1991 while loaded with 144000 tonnes (1 million barrels) of crude oil the ship exploded caught fire and sank off the coast of Genoa Italy killing six Cypriot crew and flooding the Mediterranean with up to 50000 tonnes of crude oil.
 The Lockheed Air Express was the second aircraft design created by the Lockheed Aircraft Company after its founding in 1927; the type first flew in April 1928.
 SS Kanguroo was a heavy-lift ship built to transport submarines before World War I. She delivered submarines to Brazil and Peru before the war began. Requisitioned in 1914 by the French Navy she was torpedoed by a German submarine in late 1916 and sunk at Funchal Madeira.
 The DKW F7 is a sub compact front wheel drive automobile launched by Auto Union’s DKW division in 1937 as a replacement for the DKW F5.
 The Akitsushima (秋津洲) was a seaplane tender of the Imperial Japanese Navy serving during World War II from 1942 until being sunk in September 1944.
 The NC class were a class of diesel-hydraulic locomotives built by Clyde Engineering Granville for the Lakewood Firewood Company Kalgoorlie in 1956 and later sold to the Commonwealth Railways.
 The Nantucket Lightship LV58 was a lightvessel of the United States Lighthouse Board from 1894 to 1905. During those years she primarily served the coast of Fire Island in New York and the Nantucket Shoals though she was a relief vessel and served as needed in other locations off the northeast coast as well. From 1898 to her sinking in 1905 she was occasionally used as a lighthouse tender.In the course of her brief career the LV58 suffered two accidents.
 The Acura RDX is Acura’s first compact luxury crossover SUV taking over from the MDX as Acura's entry-level crossover SUV as the MDX grew in size and price.
 Sicilia was a Re Umberto-class pre-dreadnought battleship built for the Italian Navy in the 1880s. She was the second ship of her class to be laid down but was the last to be completed. Decommissioned before World War I she was used during the war as a depot ship at Taranto and then became a repair ship. She was stricken again in 1923.
 The Holland-class destroyers were built for the Royal Netherlands Navy in the 1950s. They were the first major ships designed and built by the Dutch after World War II. In contrast to previous Dutch Navy practice the ships were named after provinces rather than admirals.
 Glenlee is a steel-hulled three-masted barque built in 1896 for Glasgow owners trading as a cargo ship. From 1922 she was a sail training ship in the Spanish Navy. She is now a museum ship at the Riverside Museum on Pointhouse Quay Glasgow known as The Tall Ship at Glasgow Harbour.
 The first USS Mugford (DD-105) was a Wickes-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War I. She was named for James Mugford.
 The Jaguar XK120 is a sports car which was manufactured by Jaguar between 1948 and 1954. It was Jaguar's first sports car since the SS 100 which ceased production in 1940.
 The Boeing SolarEagle (Vulture II) is a High Altitude Long Endurance (HALE) unmanned aerial vehicle solar-electric spy plane developed by Boeing Phantom Works.It will remain airborne for five years at a time without needing to land. It has a wingspan of 120m and will begin testing in 2014. It has 20 motors of the same type as the Qinetiq Zephyr designed by Newcastle University. DARPA is funding $90 million for the project with Boeing paying the rest.
 The Optare Tempo is a full-size single-deck bus manufactured by Optare and was launched in late 2004. It is marketed and sold as the replacement for the Optare Excel. It is designed as a lightweight bus to use less fuel than traditional heavy duty integrals.
 RFA Maine was a hospital ship of the British Royal Fleet Auxiliary that served during World War I.The second ship to bear the name she was built by D & W Henderson & Co. Ltd. of Glasgow for Harris & Dixon & Co. Ltd. as the SS Heliopolis. Launched on 1 December 1905 she was purchased by the Admiralty in 1913 and converted at Pembroke Dock for service in World War I and was renamed Mediator. After the loss of the first RFA Maine the Mediator was renamed.
 SMS Pfeil was an aviso of the Imperial German Navy the second and final member of the Blitz class. She had one sister ship SMS Blitz. Pfeil was laid down at the Kaiserliche Werft shipyard in Wilhelmshaven in 1881 launched in September 1882 and commissioned in November 1884. Throughout her career Pfeil served in various units in the German fleet and participated in numerous training exercises. In 1889–90 she was sent to German East Africa to assist in the suppression of a colonial revolt.
 Empire Conrad was a 7009 GRT cargo ship that was built in 1942 by Charles Connell & Co Ltd Clydebank for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). She was sold to a French company in 1952 and renamed Franta and then resold later that year and renamed Nia. In 1954 she was sold to a Panamanian company and renamed Eugenia. She served until 1967 when she was scrapped.
 The Cessna Skymaster is a United States twin-engine civil utility aircraft built in a push-pull configuration. Its engines are mounted in the nose and rear of its pod-style fuselage. Twin booms extend aft of the wings to the vertical stabilizers with the rear engine between them. The horizontal stabilizer is aft of the pusher propeller mounted between and connecting the two booms. The combined tractor and pusher engines produce 'centerline' thrust and a unique sound.
 HMS Fisgard was a shore establishment of the Royal Navy active at different periods and locations between 1848 and 1983. She was used to train artificers and engineers for the Navy.
 SMS Lützow was the second Derfflinger-class battlecruiser built by the German Kaiserliche Marine (English: Imperial Navy) before World War I. Ordered as a replacement for the old protected cruiser Kaiserin Augusta Lützow was launched on 29 November 1913 but not completed until 1916. Lützow was a sister ship to Derfflinger from which she differed slightly in that she was armed with an additional pair of 15 cm (5.9 inch) secondary guns and had an additional watertight compartment in her hull.
 The Japanese Class 7170 steam locomotive was among the first trains to be used in Hokkaido and was utilized alongside the JNR Class 7100 on the Horonai Railway. The two tender locomotives that were to become the Class 7170 were purchased from the American Baldwin Locomotive Works in 1889 and were included into the numbering sequence of the six 7100 trains as numbers 7 and 8.
 The General Motors K platform (commonly called the K-body) was an automobile platform designation used for front wheel drive Cadillac models beginning in 1980. It replaced the rear wheel drive K platform.The K-body designation was used for sedans; similar coupé models used the nearly identical GM E platform. The GM G platform (FWD) was also based on the K. Beginning in 1986 K- and E-bodies were produced at GM's high-tech Detroit/Hamtramck Assembly plant.
 German submarine U-592 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She carried out ten patrols was a member of 16 wolfpacks and sank one ship of 3770 GRT.The boat was sunk by depth charges from British warships on 31 January 1944.
 HMS Poictiers was a 74-gun Royal Navy third rate. This ship of the line was launched on 9 December 1809 at Upnor. She played a small role in the War of 1812. She was broken up in 1857.
 SS Mission De Pala was a Type T2-SE-A2 tanker built for the United States Maritime Commission during World War II. After the war she was acquired by the United States Navy as USS Mission De Pala (AO-114). Later the tanker transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service as USNS Mission De Pala (T-AO-114). She was a member of the Mission Buenaventura-class oiler and was named for Mission San Antonio de Pala in eastern San Diego County California.
 Tschukundu and Indlovu are tugboats built in South Africa by Farocean Marine to a design from Dutch shipbuilders the Damen Group.The tug's design was based on the Damen Stan Tug 2006. The vessels have special bows for handling the South African Navy's submarines. They were delivered in February 2006 to their homeport of Simonstown.South Africa's National Ports Authority also operates a floating crane named Indlovu based in Durban.
 Tanikaze (谷風 Valley Wind) was a Kagero-class destroyer of the Imperial Japanese Navy.In June 1942 the ship participated in the battle of Midway where she was damaged by air attacks.
 The Shelby Dakota was a limited-production performance version of the Dodge Dakota Sport pickup truck. Offered by Shelby for 1989 only it was his first rear wheel drive vehicle in many years.The Shelby Dakota started with a short-wheelbase short-bed standard-cab pickup. The 3.9 L V6 was removed in favor of the company's 5.2 L V8 with throttle-body injection.
 USS Holt (DE-706) was a Rudderow-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy. It was named after William Mack Holt who was born on 9 September 1917 at Great Falls Montana. He enlisted in the Navy on 4 October 1940 was appointed an Aviation Cadet on 26 December 1940 he reported to the aircraft carrier Enterprise (CV-6) as a fighter pilot on 16 December 1941.
 The S/V Denis Sullivan is a replica three-masted wooden gaff rigged schooner from Milwaukee Wisconsin. She is a flagship of both the state of Wisconsin and of the United Nations Environment Programme.
 USS Patrol No. 2 (SP-409) often rendered as USS Patrol #2 was an armed motorboat that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1919.Patrol No. 2 was built as a private motorboat of the same name in 1915 or 1916 by Britt Brothers at Lynn Massachusetts. She was one of five motorboats built to the same design for private owners by Britt Brothers as part of the civilian Preparedness Movement program with an understanding that they would enter U.S.
 The Subaru Tribeca is a mid-size crossover SUV sold since 2005 by Subaru the automobile manufacturing division of Japanese transportation conglomerate Fuji Heavy Industries (FHI). Released in some markets as the Subaru B9 Tribeca the name Tribeca derives from the TriBeCa neighborhood of New York City. Built on the Subaru Legacy platform and sold in five- and seven-seat configurations the Tribeca was intended to be sold alongside a slightly revised version known as the Saab 9-6.
 The Terrible was a 110-gun ship of the line of the French Navy lead ship of her class.
 USCGC Acushnet (WMEC-167) was a cutter of the United States Coast Guard homeported in Ketchikan Alaska. She was originally USS Shackle (ARS-9) a Diver-class rescue and salvage ship commissioned by the United States Navy for service in World War II. She was responsible for coming to the aid of stricken vessels and received three battle stars during World War II before a long career with the Coast Guard.
 The Rumpler C.IV was a German single-engine two-seat reconnaissance biplane. The C.IV was a development of C.III with different tail surfaces and using a Mercedes D.IVa engine in place of C.III's Benz Bz.IV. In addition to the parent company the aircraft was also built by Pfalz Flugzeugwerke as the Pfalz C.I.
 HMS Edlingham was one of 93 ships of the Ham-class of inshore minesweepers. Their names were all chosen from villages ending in -ham. The minesweeper was named after Edlingham in Northumberland.
 For the modern submarines referred to as the Som class see Tango class submarine.The Som class were a series of submarines built for the Imperial Russian Navy in 1904-1907. They were designed by the Electric Boat Company and ordered in the 1904 emergency programme at the time of the Russo-Japanese War. The boats were designed to be transportable by train. The first boat Som was the former Fulton delivered to Russia in sections and re-assembled in St. Petersburg.
 HNoMS Thor was a monitor built for the Royal Norwegian Navy in 1871. She was decommissioned in 1918 long after her heavy guns were outdated. She was considered an improvement on the Skorpionen class of monitors with heavier armour and a wider beam.The name was a reference to the Norse god Thor. The earlier monitor Mjølner was named after Thor's hammer.
 HMS Porlock Bay (K650/F650) was a Bay-class anti-aircraft frigate of the British Royal Navy named for Porlock Bay on the northern coast of Somerset. Commissioned in 1946 she served on the American and West Indies Station and as a Fisheries Protection Vessel before being put into reserve in 1949. She was sold to Finland in 1962 and served as the training ship Matti Kurki until 1974.
 USS Commodore Morris (1862) was a ferryboat acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. Ferryboats were of great value since — because of their flat bottom and shallow draft — they could navigate streams and shallow waters that other ships could not.
 The Ford Falcon GT is an automobile which was produced by Ford Australia from 1967 to 1976 briefly in 1992 again in 1997 and then from 2003 to the present day with intermittent limited edition anniversary models offered in between. Since 2003 the car has been marketed as the FPV GT but FPV continue to release anniversary editions commemorating the release of the original 1967 model.
 The Gulfstream V (or G-V or GV) is a business jet aircraft produced by Gulfstream Aerospace. It is also used by the US military under the designation C-37A. The G500 and G550 are improved versions which are currently in production. The Gulfstream G550 was formerly known as the Gulfstream V SP (G-V SP).
 DE1 is an Ukrainian two section locomotive series. 40 pieces were produced from 1997 to 2008 by Dnipropetrovsk research-and-production association for electric locomotive engineering.
 USS Glance (1863) was a steamship acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used as a tugboat in Virginia by the Navy during the war after which she was stationed in Philadelphia Pennsylvania where she provided tug services until sold in 1883.
 The Optare Rapta was an integral double decker launched at the Euro Bus Expo on 4 November 2008. It was one of the first of the new Optare model range to have the new family look the other of which is the new Solo+ (since removed from Optare's online list of products). The Rapta is the first new Optare-designed double decker since the Spectra low-floor in 1997 that was discontinued in 2005.
 USS Anton Dohrn (SP-1086) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Anton Dohrn was built as a civilian motorboat of the same name in 1911 by the Miami Yacht & Machine Company at Miami Florida. On 31 July 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired her under a lease - either a free lease or for USD $1.00 per month - from her owner the Carnegie Institute of Washington D.C. for use as a section patrol boat during World War I.
 The Hawker Siddeley Harrier known colloquially as the Harrier Jump Jet was developed in the 1960s and formed the first generation of the Harrier series of aircraft. It was the first operational close-support and reconnaissance fighter aircraft with vertical/short takeoff and landing (V/STOL) capabilities and the only truly successful V/STOL design of the many that arose in that era.
 RMS Atrato was a passenger steamship launched on 22 September 1888 for the Royal Mail Steam Packet Company.She was renamed SS Viking in 1912 after her sale to the Viking Cruising Company. She was requisitioned by the Admiralty on the outbreak of the First World War and outfitted use as a naval auxiliary being renamed again Viknor. She served alongside the 10th Cruiser Squadron under the Command of Commander E. O. Ballantyne with a complement of 22 officers and 273 ratings.
 The MV Willapa was a car ferry that served on the San Francisco Bay and later on Puget Sound. She was one Steel Electric-class ferries built in 1927 for service across the San Francisco Bay. Originally named MV Fresno she was operated by the Southern Pacific Railroad and provided ferry service across the bay.Fresno served on the San Francisco Bay for ten years when the completion of the San Francisco Bay Bridge in 1936 and the Golden Gate Bridge in 1937 made the ferries no longer necessary.
 Hydra (Greek: ΒΠ Ύδρα) was a Greek destroyer of the Dardo class which served with the Hellenic Navy during the early stages of the Second World War. It was named after the Saronic Gulf island of Hydra which played an important role in the Greek War of Independence and was the fourth ship to bear this name.She was constructed in Sestri Ponente Italy by Cantieri Odero and commissioned by the Hellenic Navy in 1933.
 HMS Ambush (P418) was an Amphion-class submarine of the Royal Navy built by Vickers Armstrong and launched 24 September 1945.In 1948 she took part in trials of the Schnorkel.In 1951 she heard and decoded a distress message from HMS Affray which was sunk with the ultimate loss of all 75 hands. In 1953 she took part in the Fleet Review to celebrate the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II.
 USS Wahkiakum County (LST-1162) previously USS LST-1162 was a United States Navy landing ship tank (LST) in commission from 1953 to 1970 and which then saw non-commissioned Military Sealift Command service as USNS Wahkiakum County (T-LST-1162) from 1972 to 1973.
 HMS Cumberland was a 74-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 19 August 1807 at Northfleet.She was converted to serve as a prison ship in 1830. She was renamed Fortitude in 1833.During the Napoleonic wars she brought King William I of the Netherlands from London to The Netherlands.She was eventually sold out of the service in 1870.
 HMS Lion was a two-deck 80-gun second rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 29 July 1847 at Pembroke Dockyard.She was fitted with screw propulsion in 1859. In 1871 Lion was activated as a training ship at Devonport and for a number of years she was anchored off Torpoint. With the construction of a shore facility at Shotley Lion was sold out of the navy for breaking up in 1905.
 The Florence Mkhize is an environmental protection vessel operated by the South African Ministry of the Environment.She was launched in June 2006.At 14 metres (46 ft) and capable of 65 knots she is smaller and faster than four earlier environmental protection vessels.The three vessels in the Lillian Ngoyi class are 47 metres (154 ft) long and capable of 25 knots.At her launch Marthinus van Schalkwyk South African Ministry of the Environment asserted the vessel's design was unique.The hull is constructed of aluminium and she was designed & tested by Cape Advanced Engineering a South African company based in Atlantis Western Cape.She spent her first four months in commission countering perlemoen poaching in Algoa Bay near Port Elizabeth.All of the South African environmental patrol vessels are named after anti-apartheid heroines like Florence Mkhize.
 HMS Boyne was a 98-gun second rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 3 July 1810 at Portsmouth.On 12 February 1814 she took part with HMS Caledonia in a hot action against the French line-of-battle ship Romulus off Toulon; the French 74 managed to escape to Toulon by sailing close to the coast to avoid being surrounded.In 1834 she was renamed HMS Excellent and became a training ship. Excellent was broken up in 1861.
 HMS Bellerophon was a 74-gun third-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy. Launched in 1786 she served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars mostly on blockades or convoy escort duties.
 The Coupé-Aviation JC-01 is the first of a series of very similar designs of two seat single engine sports aircraft amateur built from plans in France from 1976. These provided a range of engines sizes and undercarriage layouts but total production was small.
 HMS Triumph (R16) (1944–1981) was a Royal Navy Colossus-class light fleet aircraft carrier. She served in the Korean War and later after reconstruction as a support ship.
 The ALCO S-1 and S-3 were 660 horsepower (490 kW) switcher diesel-electric locomotives produced by ALCO and their Canadian subsidiary Montreal Locomotive Works (MLW). Basically the two locomotives differed only in trucks with the S-1 using ALCO's own Blunt trucks and the S-3 riding on standard AAR type A switcher trucks.
 The BSA B21 was a British motorcycle made by Birmingham Small Arms Company (BSA) at their factory in Small Heath Birmingham. Production started in 1937 and ended with the outbreak of World War II in 1939.
 The British Aviation B.A.IV Double Eagle was a British twin-engined six-seater monoplane designed and built by the British Aircraft Manufacturing Company of London Air Park Hanworth England.
 USS Glynn (APA-239) was a Haskell-class attack transport that was built for service with the US Navy in World War II. She was commissioned shortly after the war and consequently never saw action. Glynn was named after a county in Georgia. She was launched 25 August 1945 under Maritime Commission contract by the Oregon Shipbuilding Corporation of Portland Oregon and acquired and simultaneously commissioned 17 October 1945 Commander Ben Koerner USNR in command.
 The Blackburn Type I was a single-engine civil two-seat monoplane built in Britain just before the First World War. Three were produced and used for flying demonstrations and training including seaplane pilotage.
 USNS Brittin (T-AKR-305) is a Bob Hope-class roll on roll off vehicle cargo ship of the United States Navy. She was built by Northrop Grumman Ship Systems New Orleans and delivered to the Navy on 30 January 2001 . They assigned her to the United States Department of Defense's Military Sealift Command. Brittin is named for Medal of Honor recipient Sergeant First Class Nelson V. Brittin and is one of 11 Surge LMSRs operated by a private company under contract to the Military Sealift Command.
 MV Lochiel was the Islay mailboat operated by David MacBrayne Ltd from 1939 until 1970. Sinking in West Loch Tarbert in 1960 she was refloated and repaired. She became MacBrayne's last surviving mailboat seeing out her life as a floating bar in Bristol.
 Grigorovich TB-5 (Russian: Григорович ТБ-5) was an experimental heavy bomber designed and tested in the Soviet Union in the early 1930s. Designed as a competitor for TB-3 TB-5 was intended to be powered by two FED 24-cylinder X engines of 746 kW (1000 hp) each. When these were canceled the underwing pods were revised to each house a pair of Bristol Jupiter engines in a push-pull configuration.
 The E1 Gavilán is an unmanned electrical-surveillance airplane of design and manufacturing by the Mexican firm Hydra Technologies of Mexico.
 The Ducati Diavel is the second cruiser motorcycle from Ducati after the Indiana of 1986–1990.
 HMS Marlborough was a 'Duke'-class Type 23 frigate of the Royal Navy and the sixth ship to bear the name. She was named after John Churchill 1st Duke of Marlborough.
 The United States Lightship LV-87 (Ambrose) is a lightship built 1907 and served at the Ambrose Channel station until 1932. She would be the first lightship to serve in the relocated position nearer the center of the channel. In 1921 would have the first radio beacon installed in the United States. This greatly assisted ships navigating the congested Ambrose Channel in dense fog. She would also be the last steam-powered vessel to hold the Ambrose Channel post.
 USS Cormorant (AMS-122/MSC-122) was a Bluebird-class minesweeper in the United States Navy.Cormorant was launched 8 June 1953 by Mare Island Naval Shipyard; sponsored by Mrs. I. H. Whitthorne; and commissioned 14 August 1953 Lieutenant F. A. Mitchell USNR in command. She was reclassified MSC-122 7 February 1955.
 The Lotus Evora is a sports car produced by British car manufacturer Lotus. The car which was developed under the project name Project Eagle was launched as the Evora on 22 July 2008 at the British International Motor Show.
 PS Earl of Ulster was a paddle steamer passenger vessel operated by the London and North Western Railway and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway from 1878 to 1894.
 The VDL SB120 (previously known as the DAF SB120) is a low-floor light-weight midibus produced from 1999 by VDL Bus International (formerly DAF Bus International) of the Netherlands primarily for the UK market.The SB120 is similar to its major competitor Dennis Dart SLF. Powered by a Cummins B Series 6-cylinder Euro II engine (later Cummins ISBe 4-cylinder Euro III engine) the SB120 is available in lengths from 8.5m to 10.8m similar to the Dart SLF.
 The Steam Horse was constructed by the Butterley Company in Derbyshire in 1813 by William Brunton (1777–1851). Also known as the Mechanical Traveller it had a pair of mechanical legs with feet that gripped the rails at the rear of the engine to push it forwards at about three miles an hour.
 HMS Isham was a Ham-class minesweeper of the Royal Navy.Their names were all chosen from villages ending in -ham. The minesweeper was named after Isham in Northamptonshire.
 The Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-8 Utka ((Russian: Микоян и Гуревич МиГ-8 «Утка») duck) was a Soviet experimental aircraft. Built of wood the aircraft wasdesigned and built in 1945 to test the novel canard configuration. It also used a tricycle undercarriage the first used by the design bureau (OKB). It was modified to test a variety of vertical stabilizer and wing tip configurations and later used as a liaison aircraft for many years by the design bureau.
 HMC Seeker is a Border Agency (customs) cutter of the United Kingdom. She was launched by Damen Shipyards in the Netherlands in 2001 and is one of four 42-metre (138 ft) cutters formerly operated by Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs and since 2008 operated by the UK Border Agency.
 The Vickers Valentia was a British flying boat designed during the First World War.
 The MV Korean Star was a bulk carrier built in 1984 that was wrecked on 20 May 1988 near Cape Cuvier Western Australia.
 Hougoumont was the last convict ship to transport convicts to Australia.A three-masted full rigged ship of the type commonly known as a Blackwall Frigate of 875 tons gross on dimensions of 165.5 feet long 34 ft beam and 23 ft depth of hold Hougoumont was constructed at Moulmein Burma in 1852 and named after the Château d'Hougomont where the Battle of Waterloo was fought.
 The Tupolev Tu-124 (NATO reporting name: Cookpot) was a 56 passenger short range twinjet airliner built in the Soviet Union. It was the world's first turbofan-powered airliner.
 HMS Eden was a Hawthorn Leslie type River Class Destroyer ordered by the Royal Navy under the 1901 – 1902 Naval Estimates. Named after the River Eden in the northern England she was the second ship to carry this name since it was introduced in 1814 for a 26-gun 6th Rate ship sold in 1833.
 The RAF-977 was a Soviet (now Latvian) van made by Riga Autobus Factory based on components from the GAZ-21 Volga. It was introduced in 1958 and was manufactured in two main styles: a 10-seat minibus and an ambulance. In 1961 an updated version called the RAF-977D was put into production and in 1968 the RAF-677DM. The production ceased in 1975 replaced by RAF-2203.
 The Mercury Cyclone Spoiler II was a car produced by the Mercury Division of Ford Motor Company in early 1969. The Mercury Cyclone Spoiler II was a special more aerodynamic version of the Mercury Cyclone. It was produced specifically to make Mercury even more competitive in NASCAR stock car racing and was sold to the public only because homologation rules required a minimum number of cars (500 in 1969) be produced and made available for sale to the public.
 The Lockheed X-7 (dubbed the Flying Stove Pipe) was an American unmanned test bed of the 1950s for ramjet engines and missile guidance technology.
 The Space Capsule Recovery Experiment II (commonly known as SRE-2) is an Indian re-entry demonstration experiment designed by the Indian Space Research Organization. It is follow-on mission of SRE-1 which was successfully completed in January 2007. It will test some of the critical technologies for the Indian human spaceflight program.
 USS Halsey Powell (DD-686) a Fletcher-class destroyer was a ship of the United States Navy to be named for Captain Halsey Powell (1883–1936) who served during World War I.Halsey Powell was launched by Bethlehem Steel Co. Staten Island N.Y. on 30 June 1943; sponsored by Mrs. Halsey Powell widow of Captain Powell; and commissioned on 25 October 1943 Commander W. T. McGarry in command.
 The Martin S was a two-seat observation seaplane produced in the United States in 1915. Designed along the same general lines as the preceding Model T it was a largely conventional two-bay biplane with unstaggered wings of equal span. The fuselage was not directly attached to the lower wings but was carried on struts in the interplane gap. The undercarriage consisted of a single large pontoon below the fuselage and outrigger floats near the wingtips.
 The Blackburn B.26 Botha was a British four-seat reconnaissance and torpedo bomber. It was built by Blackburn Aircraft at their factory at Dumbarton Scotland as a competitor to the Bristol Beaufort and entered service with the RAF in 1939. It was underpowered and was quickly withdrawn from operations.
 HMS Bulwark belonged to a sub-class of the Formidable-class of pre-dreadnought battleships of the Royal Navy known as the London class. Entering service with the Royal Navy in 1902 she sailed with the Mediterranean Fleet until 1907. She then served with the Home Fleet for a time under Captain Robert Falcon Scott.
 Carnival Valor is a post-Panamax Conquest-class cruise ship operated by Carnival Cruise Lines based out of San Juan Puerto Rico and has a Heroes and Heroics theme. Duty-free shopping a spa a casino and numerous entertainment options are some of her features. She offers seven-night cruises to the Southern Caribbean Sea.
 USS Whidbey (AG-141) was a Whidbey-class miscellaneous auxiliary acquired from the U.S. Army where it was known as USA FS-395 during World War II Army operations. She was transferred to the United States Navy in 1947 and the Navy assigned her to support the needs of the Pacific Ocean Trust Territory created as a result of the war.
 USS Badger (DD–126) was a Wickes-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War I. She was named for Commodore Oscar C. Badger.Badger was launched 24 August 1918 by New York Shipbuilding Corporation Camden New Jersey; sponsored by Mrs. Henry F. Bryan granddaughter of Commodore Badger; commissioned 29 May 1919 Commander Q. T. Swasey in command; and reported to the Atlantic Fleet.
 The first HMAS Bendigo (J187/B237/A111) was a Bathurst class minesweeper a group commonly known as corvettes and including escort and patrol duties along with minesweeping. Bendigo was laid down by the Cockatoo Docks and Engineering Company at Sydney in New South Wales on 12 August 1940 launched on 1 March 1941 by Dame Mary Hughes wife of the Minister for the Navy and commissioned on 10 May 1941.
 The HTT Pléthore is the first Canadian super car developed and produced by HTT Automobile in Quebec Canada.
 The Curtiss P-36 Hawk also known as the Curtiss Hawk Model 75 was an American-designed and built fighter aircraft of the 1930s and 40s.
 HMS Ganges was an 84-gun second-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 10 November 1821 at Bombay Dockyard constructed from teak. She is notable for being the last sailing ship of the Navy to serve as a flagship and was the second ship to bear the name.Admiralty orders of 4 June 1816 directed her to be built as a facsimile of HMS Canopus (the ex-French ship Franklin which had fought at the Battle of the Nile).
 USS Western Sea (ID-3153) was a cargo ship of the United States Navy that served during World War I and its immediate aftermath.`
 RMS Baltic was an ocean liner of the White Star Line that sailed between 1904 and 1933. At 23876 gross tons she was the largest ship in the world until 1905. She was the third of a quartet of ships all measuring over 20000 gross tons dubbed The Big Four (the other three being RMS Celtic Cedric and Adriatic).She was launched on 21 November 1903 by Harland and Wolff at Belfast and sailed from Liverpool on her maiden voyage to New York on 29 June 1904 with Captain Edward Smith in command.
 Warspite was a great ship (later classed as a second rate) of the English Royal Navy built at Deptford Dockyard by the master shipwright Edward Stevens and launched about 1 March 1596.
 The Rogožarski AŽR (Serbian Cyrillic:Рогожарски АЖР) was a single-engined two-seat biplane aircraft designed as a trainer in Yugoslavia before World War II. It was designed and built at the Rogožarski factory in Belgrade.
 The Pontiac Streamliner was a full-sized car produced by Pontiac from the 1942 to the 1951 model years.
 The Flylight Motorfloater is a British ultralight trike designed by Ben Ashman and produced by Flylight Airsports of Northamptonshire. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.The Motorfloater was introduced at the Flying Show in Birmingham in 2010.
 The Rajdoot 350 or RD 350 was a two-stroke Yamaha motorcycle made in India by Escorts group from 1983 to 1990. RD stands for 'Race Developed' series In India promoted by Rajdoot in collaboration with Yamaha Japan. It was a licensed copy of the Yamaha RD350B modified to suit Indian conditions.
 HMS Cardiff was a C-class light cruiser of the Royal Navy named after the Welsh capital city of Cardiff. She was part of the Ceres group of the C-class of cruisers.The steps to Cardiff occurred in quick procession from being ordered under an Emergency Plan in April 1916 due to World War I then to being laid down in July 1916 by Fairfield Shipbuilding & Engineering Company to the culmination of her being launched in April 1917.
 USS La Prade (DE-409) was a John C. Butler-class destroyer escort acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. The primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy in addition to other tasks as assigned such as patrol or radar picket. She was named in honor of USMC First Lieutenant Robert M. La Prade who was awarded the Navy Cross for bravery in action on Guadalcanal.
 USS Hoggatt Bay (CVE-75) was a Casablanca class escort carrier of the United States Navy.She was launched under Maritime Commission contract by Kaiser Co. Inc. Vancouver Washington on 4 December 1943. Originally classified AVG-75 she had been reclassified ACV-75 on 20 August 1942. Sponsored by Mrs. Victor Sundrik she was reclassified again to CVE-75 on 15 July 1943 and was commissioned at Astoria Oregon on 11 January 1944 with Captain W. V. Saunders in command.
 Empire Cowper was a 7161 GRT cargo ship that was built in 1941 by William Doxford & Sons Ltd Sunderland United Kingdom. She was built for the Ministry of War Transport. Empire Cowper was bombed and sunk on 11 April 1942 whilst a member of Convoy QP 10.
 The Buffel-class monitors were a pair of ships built for the Royal Netherlands Navy in the 1860s.
 The UAC TurboTrain was an early high-speed gas turbine train manufactured by United Aircraft that operated in Canada between 1968 and 1984 and in the United States between 1968 and 1976. (Amtrak disposed of the trains in 1980.) It was one of the first gas turbine powered trains to enter service for passenger traffic and was also one of the first tilting trains to enter service.
 The H-M-Vehicles Free-Way was a three-wheel microcar manufactured in Burnsville Minnesota from 1979 to 1982.These small commuter cars had a single seat and were powered by a 12 or 16 horsepower gasoline engine or a 4 hp electric motor. A diesel engine was offered but none were ordered with it.The 12 HP version was guaranteed to get 100 mpg-US (2.4 L/100 km; 120 mpg-imp) when driven at a steady 40 mph (64 km/h).
 USS Scourge was an American warship converted from a confiscated Canadian merchant schooner. She foundered along with the American warship Hamilton during a squall on Lake Ontario at 2:00am on Sunday August 8 1813. during the War of 1812.Scourge began its career as the schooner Lord Nelson named after the famous British Admiral Horatio Nelson.
 The Mikoyan-Gurevich I-320 was a prototype Soviet long-range all-weather jet fighter of the late 1940s-early 1950s. Only two were made with no production following.
 I-58 was a Japanese B3 type cruiser submarine that served in the final year of World War II. Modified to carry Kaiten manned torpedoes she damaged two enemy destroyers with them but her most significant success was the USS Indianapolis sunk with conventional torpedoes on 30 July 1945. The submarine surrendered in September 1945 and was later scuttled by the United States Navy.
 The South African Class GC 2-6-2+2-6-2 of 1924 is a South African steam locomotive from the South African Railways era.In 1924 and 1925 the South African Railways placed six Class GC Garratt articulated steam locomotives with a 2-6-2+2-6-2 wheel arrangement in branchline service.
 USS Montpelier (SSN-765) a Los Angeles-class submarine is the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for Montpelier Vermont. The contract to build her was awarded to Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company in Newport News Virginia on 6 February 1987 and her keel was laid down on 19 May 1989. She was launched on 23 August 1991 sponsored by Mrs.
 USS Chepachet (AO-78) originally named SS Eutaw Springs and later known as USNS Chepachet (T-AOT-78) until disposition was a Suamico-class fleet oiler of the T2-SE-A1 tanker hull type serving in the United States Navy during World War II. Originally a namesake of the Battle of Eutaw Springs when laid down 1 November 1942 she was renamed for the Chepachet River located in a village of Glocester Rhode Island bearing the same name.
 HMS North Star was a 28-gun Atholl class corvette sixth-rate post ship built to an 1817 design by the Surveyors of the Navy. She was launched in 1824.
 The K VIII class submarine was a three boat class of submarines of the Koninklijke Marine (Royal Netherlands Navy). The class varied from K V class submarine due to the removal of two external torpedo tubes which were removed to reduce the boats' vulnerability to depth charging. The boat had a diving dept of 50 meters. All ships were still in service at the start of World War II. During the war K IX was transferred to the Royal Australian Navy and Renamed to K9.
 The Passaic-class ironclad monitors of the U.S. Navy saw service in the U.S. Civil War and the Spanish-American War. The last such monitor was stricken from the Navy List in 1937.
 The Fiat C-platform is an automobile platform used in small family cars of the Fiat Group. The predecessor of the C-platform was the Type Three platform and the successor is the new Compact platform which debuted in Alfa Romeo Giulietta in 2010.
 The FAP 1118 is a series of 4x4 military trucks manufactured by Fabrika automobila Priboj (FAP) based on the Mercedes-Benz NG series. The FAP 1118 is intended to replace the TAM 110 series of military trucks in the Serbian Armed Forces.
 USS S. P. Lee was laid down on 27 June 1966 by the Defoe Shipbuilding Co. Bay City Michigan; launched on 19 October 1967; sponsored by Mrs. David Scull great granddaughter of Admiral Lee; and was delivered to the navy on 2 December 1968.Although she had originally been intended to operate under the Oceanographer of the Navy on 10 September 1968 S. P. Lee was placed under sponsorship of the Naval Underwater Research and Development Center San Diego California. Commanded by Capt. Paul L.
 USS Hancock (CV/CVA-19) was one of 24 Essex-class aircraft carriers built during World War II for the United States Navy. The ship was the fourth US Navy ship to bear the name and was named for John Hancock president of the Second Continental Congress and first governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Hancock was commissioned in April 1944 and served in several campaigns in the Pacific Theater of Operations earning four battle stars.
 USS Killarney (SP-219) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Killarney was built as the civilian motorboat or motor yacht Dora in 1910 by the Defoe Boat Works at Bay City Michigan. She was renamed Killarney in 1911. The U.S. Navy purchased Killarney from her owner James H. McGillan of Green Bay Wisconsin on 30 April 1917 for World War I service as a patrol vessel. She was commissioned as USS Killarney (SP-219) on 12 June 1917 with Ensign James H.
 The Handley Page Type D or H.P.4 was a single seat single engined tractor monoplane the first Handley Page design to fly for more than a few hops. Only one was built.
 The first USS Astoria (SP-2005/AK-8) was a steel-hulled coal-burning steam cargo ship of the United States Navy.
 X3 is an electric multiple unit train used by Arlanda Express on the airport rail link service between Stockholm Central Station and Stockholm-Arlanda Airport in Sweden. Alstom built seven of these four-train car units in Birmingham which were delivered in 1998 and 1999. The X3 is part of the Coradia family and can reach speeds up to 205 km/h.
 The Agusta A.105 was an Italian rotorcraft designed by Agusta. It was never developed beyond the prototype stage.
 HMS M3 built by Armstrong Whitworth Newcastle Upon Tyne was an M class submarine of the Royal Navy.M3 was ordered from Armstrong Whitworth on 28 July 1916 and laid down at Elswick in December as an M-class submarine but was referred to as K20. She was launched on 19 October 1919 and commissioned as M3 on 16 March 1920. After completion of trials on 17 August she was placed in reserve.
 RNLB Julia Park Barry of Glasgow (ON 819) is a former RNLI Watson-class lifeboat that was in active service in Peterhead Scotland from 15th June 1939-14th January 1969.During its near 30 years of service RNLB Julia Park Barry of Glasgow saved 496 lives.
 The United States Revenue Cutter Washington was one of the 13 cutters of the Morris-Taney class. These cutters were the backbone of the United States Revenue Cutter Service for more than a decade. Samuel Humphreys designed these cutters for roles as diverse as fighting pirates privateers combating smugglers and operating with naval forces. He designed the vessels on a naval schooner concept. They had Baltimore Clipper lines.
 HMAS Benalla (J323/M323) named for the city of Benalla Victoria was one of 60 Bathurst class corvettes constructed during World War II and one of 36 initially manned and commissioned solely by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).
 CSS Shenandoah formerly Sea King was an iron-framed teak-planked full-rigged ship with auxiliary steam power captained by Confederate States Navy Lieutenant Commanding James Waddell a North Carolinian with twenty years of prior service in the United States Navy.The C.S.S. Shenandoah was launched on August 17 1863 and went on to become one of the most feared commerce raiders in the Confederate Navy.
 The Niger-class frigates were 32-gun sailing frigates of the fifth rate produced for the Royal Navy. They were designed in 1757 by Sir Thomas Slade and were an improvement on his 1756 design for the 32-gun Southampton-class frigates. Slade's design was approved in September 1757 on which date four ships were approved to be built to these plans - three by contract and a fourth in a royal dockyard.
 USS Goldcrest (AM-80) a steel-hulled commercial trawler built as MV Shawmut in 1928 by the Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corp. Quincy Massachusetts was acquired by the United States Navy from the Massachusetts Trawling Co. of Boston Massachusetts on 29 November 1940 and converted to a minesweeper. The ship was commissioned as a naval trawler at the Boston Navy Yard on 15 May 1941 Lt. Conrad H. Koopman in command.
 The USCGC Richard Etheridge is the second of the United States Coast Guard's Sentinel-class cutters.
 USS Catalpa (AN-10/YN-5) was an Aloe-class net laying ship which was assigned to serve the U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II with her protective anti-submarine nets.
 The Dragon Fly 333 is an ultralight utility helicopter developed by archaeologists and filmmakers Angelo and Alfredo Castiglioni in the 1980s. French UAV manufacturer CAC Systèmes created a drone version named the Héliot for use in reconnaissance and as an aerial target but the aircraft did not enter production.DF Helicopters was acquired in 2010 by a Swiss Group Avio International Group.
 USS Normannia (SP-756) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1918.Normannia was built as a private motorboat of the same name in 1912 by Fellows Boat Works at San Diego California. On 10 July 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired her under a free lease from her owner F. Thum of Pasadena California for use as a section patrol boat during World War I.
 TS Playfair is a traditionally-rigged brigantine training ship operated by Toronto Brigantine Inc. a sail-training Canadian registered charity based in Toronto Canada. Playfair along with her sister ship S.T.V. Pathfinder operate a youth sail training program on the Great Lakes during the summer months. This program is one of the very few sail training programs where all of the crew except for the captain are in high school (13–19 years old).
 HMS Lynx (F27) was a Leopard-class Type 41 anti aircraft frigate of the British Royal Navy named for the lynx.She was laid down by John Brown and Company Clydebank Scotland on 13 August 1953 launched on 12 January 1955 and commissioned on 14 March 1957.
 The Spacek SD-1 Minisport is a Czech amateur-built aircraft designed and produced by Spacek sro of Hodonin and also by SkyCraft Airplanes of Orem Utah as a light-sport aircraft. The aircraft is supplied in the form of plans or as a kit for amateur construction or as a ready-to-fly aircraft.
 The VL Tuisku was a Finnish trainer aircraft designed in the 1930s. It was a two-seat single-engined biplane with a welded steel framework covered with fabric. 30 were produced for the Finnish Air Force and served from 1935 to 1949.
 Ex-LNER 60034 Lord Faringdon (or formerly 4903 Peregrine as it was before being renumbered under British Railways) was one of 35 Doncaster built Class A4 Gresley Pacific steam locomotives.It entered service on 1 July 1938 and was withdrawn on 24 August 1966.Like her famous sister Mallard Lord Faringdon was one of a small number of A4 Pacifics built with a double chimney and double Kylchap blastpipe.60034 Lord Faringdon was based at Kings Cross and ran on the London-Edinburgh line.When British Railways were nationalised and the LNER A4s were renumbered 60034 Lord Faringdon and two of her sisters E22 Mallard and 60033 Seagull were used for the 1948 Locomotive Exchange Trials. 
 The EMD MP15DC was a 1500 hp (1100 kW) switcher-type diesel locomotive model produced by General Motors' Electro-Motive Division between March 1974 and January 1983. 351 examples were built. A MP15AC variant with an AC drive was also offered.
 SM U-56 was one of the 329 submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy in World War I.U-56 was engaged in the naval warfare and took part in the First Battle of the Atlantic.On November 2 1916 U-56 was attacked by gunfire from the Russian destroyer Grozovoi off Khorne Island Norway (near Vardö). U 56 was survived this attack. U-56 put the crew of the Norwegian merchant ship Ivanhoe ashore at 07:45 on November 3 at Lodsvik.
 The Gee Bee Model Y Senior Sportster was a sports aircraft built in the United States in the early 1930s by the Granville Brothers. Essentially an enlarged two-seat version of the single-seat Sportster it was a low-wing strut-and-wire-braced monoplane of conventional -- if short-coupled -- design with open cockpits and fixed tailskid undercarriage.
 Aerocar International's Aerocar (often called the Taylor Aerocar) was an American roadable aircraft designed and built by Moulton Taylor in Longview Washington in 1949. Although six examples were built the Aerocar never entered production.
 The Diver class of rescue and salvage ship were operated by the United States Navy.
 HMS Rook was a Royal Navy Cuckoo-class schooner that Thomas Sutton built at Ringmore (Teignmouth) and launched in 1806. In 1808 two French privateers captured and burnt her on her way back to Britain from Port-Royal Jamaica
 SS Cape Intrepid was originally laid down in 1975 as SS Arizona a Type C7 ship intended for both commercial or military use. The ship was launched in 1975 and turned over to the Maritime Administration for commercial use and acquired by the Lykes Brothers and named the SS Lipscomb Lykes. On June 8th 1976 she was removed from commercial duty and reacquired by the United States Navy and renamed USNS Jupiter to serve alongside USNS Mercury.
 HMS H33 was a British H class submarine built by Cammell Laird Birkenhead. She was laid down on 20 November 1917 and commissioned on 17 May 1919.In March 1937 the submarine navigated the Gloucester and Sharpness Canal in the company of H49 whose commander had arranged the trip. HMS H33 was scrapped at Troon on 19 May 1944.
 USS Salt Lake City (CL/CA-25) of the United States Navy was a Pensacola-class heavy cruiser sometimes known as Swayback Maru or Old Swayback. She had the (unofficial) distinction of having taken part in more engagements than any other ship in the fleet.
 USS Parker (Destroyer No. 48/DD-48) was an Aylwin-class destroyer built for the United States Navy prior to the American entry into World War I. The ship was the first U.S. Navy vessel named in honor of Foxhall A. Parker a U.S. Navy officer who served in the American Civil War and as Superintendent of United States Naval Academy.Parker was laid down by William Cramp and Sons of Philadelphia in March 1912 and launched in February 1913.
 HMS Orion was a Leander-class light cruiser which served with distinction in the Royal Navy during World War II. She received 13 battle honours a record only exceeded by HMS Warspite and matched by two others.
 The Empire Star was a standard motorcycle made by BSA at their factory in Small Heath Birmingham. Named to commemorate the Siver Jubilee of King George V of the United Kingdom and advertised as The Masterpiece of the Industry the Empire Star range was produced between 1936 and 1939 when it was developed into the BSA Gold Star and World War II stopped production.
 The USS Forrestal (CV-59) formerly AVT-59 and CVA-59 is a supercarrier that was named after former Secretary of the Navy James Forrestal and was the lead ship of her class of aircraft carriers. The other carriers of her class were the USS Saratoga USS Ranger and USS Independence. She superseded Japanese carrier Shinano of World War II vintage as the largest aircraft carrier ever built by full load displacement and was the first to specifically support jet aircraft.
 The Mercedes-Benz E-Class is a range of executive cars manufactured by Mercedes-Benz in various engine and body configurations. The E initially stood for Einspritzmotor (German for fuel injection engine); a new feature in volume production vehicles at the time that the E-Class first appeared with the E as a suffix to the engine nomenclature (e.g. 230E) in the 1950s.
 The Stearman Model 6 Cloudboy was a 1930s American training biplane designed and built by the Stearman Aircraft Company of Wichita Kansas.
 HMAS Archer (P 86) was an Attack class patrol boat of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).
 The Honda NM4 is a feet forwards motorcycle introduced by Honda for sale in the United States in June 2014.The NM4 was shown under the name NM4 Vultus as a concept motorcycle at the March 2014 Osaka Motorcycle Show and Tokyo Motor Show. In April Honda dropped the Vultus name and announced the motorcycle would go sale in June of the same year.
 The Patroller is an unmanned air vehicle designed and manufactured jointly by SAGEM and Stemme. It is based on the Stemme S-15 motor-glider. The first flight was in June 2009 at Kemijarvi in Finland; it was shown at the 2009 Paris Air Show.It completed another series of flight tests in July 2010 which demonstrated it is capable of missions lasting 20–30 hours; it can carry a 250 kg payload (including 80 kg under each wing).
 The Hanriot H.110 was an unusual pusher configuration twin boom single seat fighter aircraft built in France in the early 1930s. It proved to be slower and less manoeuvrable than its contemporaries and failed to reach production even as the Hanriot H.115 after receiving a more powerful engine and cannon armament.
 The Zongshen 200 GS also known as Xplorer z200 zs200GS or simply 200GS is the first of Zongshen Chongqing Group's line-up of Sport touring bikes. First introduced worldwide in 2004 and is continuously being sold by bonafide Zongshen distributors in different countries even though the second in-line Zongshen 250 GS (introduced 2006) is now being marketed.The Zongshen Chongqing Group is one of the five largest motorcycle manufacturers in China.
 German submarine U-271 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 21 October 1941 at the Bremer Vulkan yard at Bremen-Vegesack as 'werk' 36 launched on 29 July 1942 and commissioned on 22 September under the command of Kapitänleutnant Curt Barleben. After training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla U-271 was transferred to the 1st U-boat Flotilla for front-line service from 1 June 1943.U-271 sank no ships in her short career.
 The Hawker P.V.3 was a British single-engined biplane fighter prototype of the 1930s. Only a single example was built the Gloster Gladiator being selected instead to fulfill the requirement to which it was designed.
 The BA 2100 or Olympus is a conceptual design for a larger heavier and more capable expandable space station module or interplanetary human transport module by Bigelow Aerospace. The larger BA 2100 would extend the volume and capabilities of the BA 330 module which is under development for deployment in 2015 as part of the Bigelow Commercial Space Station.
 SM U-77 was one of 329 submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy in World War I engaged in commerce warfare during the First Battle of the Atlantic.
 The Bréguet Br 905 Fauvette (English: Warbler) is a single seat standard class competition sailplane designed and produced in France from the late 1950s. Some 50 were built but most remained grounded after a structural accident in 1969; a few remain airworthy.
 USS Western Star (ID-4210) was a cargo ship of the United States Navy that served during World War I and its immediate aftermath.`
 The first USS Saipan (CVL-48) was a light aircraft carrier of the United States Navy the lead ship of her class of carrier. She was later selected for conversion into a command ship in 1963–1964 but instead of becoming a command ship she was converted to the Major Communications Relay Ship Arlington (AGMR-2) in 1965.Saipan was laid down on 10 July 1944 by the New York Shipbuilding Corporation Camden New Jersey launched on 8 July 1945 sponsored by Mrs. John W.
 SS Empire Brigade was a 5184 GRT cargo ship that was built in 1912 as SS Hannington Court. She served through the First World War and was sold in 1936 to Achille Lauro who renamed her Elios. In 1940 when Italy declared war on France and the United Kingdom she was interned by the UK as a war prize and taken over by the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) which renamed her Empire Brigade. Four months later she was torpedoed and sunk by U-99.
 HMS D5 was a British D class submarine built by Vickers Barrow. D5 was laid down on 23 February 1910 launched on 28 August 1911 and was commissioned on 19 February 1911.
 USS Tiru (SS-416) a Balao-class submarine was a ship of the United States Navy named for the tiru. Tiru—laid down on 17 April 1944 at Vallejo Calif. by the Mare Island Navy Yard—remained uncompleted for three years as a result of the curtailment of the submarine building program at the end of World War II. In the fall of 1947 the Navy decided to complete Tiru as a Guppy (Greater Underwater Propulsive Power) snorkel boat.
 The Green Sky Zippy Sport is an American single-seat single-engined monoplane designed for amateur construction by Green Sky Adventures of Hawthorne Florida.
 The Sukhoi Su-30MKM (Modernizirovannyi Kommercheskiy Malaysia – Modernized Export Malaysia) is strongly similar to India’s Sukhoi Su-30MKI. Like its Indian counterpart the Su-30MKM is a substantial advance upon the original Su-30K export version maintaining much of basic airframe but incorporating a number of advances from the Sukhoi Su-35 and Sukhoi Su-37 project.In 2003 the Su-30MKM was selected by the Royal Malaysian Air Force (RMAF).
 The JGR Class 3900 was a type of 0-6-0 steam tank locomotive used on Japanese Government Railways. The locomotives were imported from Germany for the Abt rack system railway built in Karuizawa Nagano.
 The packet steamer SS Rushen Castle was operated by the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company from her purchase in 1928 until she was sold for breaking in 1947.
 Belleisle was a 64-gun ship of the line of the French Navy launched in 1760.She was captured by the Royal Navy on 3 April 1761 and commissioned as the Third Rate HMS Belleisle.
 The Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.4 was a biplane floatplane built by the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service aircraft factory Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk from 1918. The aircraft was the first purpose-built trainer aircraft in Norwegian service and served until retired in October 1924.
 The Caudron R.11 was a French five-seat twin-engine bomber reconnaissance and escort biplane developed and produced by Caudron during the First World War.
 The Sukhoi Su-30MKI (NATO reporting name: Flanker-H) is a supermaneuverable air superiority fighter developed by Russia's Sukhoi and assembled under licence by India's Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) for the Indian Air Force (IAF). A variant of the Sukhoi Su-30 it is a heavy all-weather long-range fighter.Development of the variant started after India signed a deal with Russia in 2000 to manufacture 140 Su-30 fighter jets.
 The Comfort class hospital ship was a United States Navy World War II-era hospital ship design. Three vessels (Comfort Hope and Mercy) were made using these specifications. All ships were constructed in 1943 by the Consolidated Steel Corporation before being decommissioned in 1946.The Comfort operated with a navy crew and army medical personnel throughout its short career.
 The Suzuki VX800 is a road motorcycle shaft-drive V-twin bike from Suzuki.The VX800 was designed at U.S. Suzuki's Design Studio in Brea California from 1986 to 1989 and produced in years 1990 to 1997. Lackluster sales in the United States brought the model to an end in 1993 European version was produced until 1997.
 Van Veen or Van Veen Kreid is a former motorcycle manufacturer. It was founded in Amsterdam by Henk van Veen the Dutch importer of Kreidler motorcycles.Van Veen completed its first prototype in 1974 using a 1000 cc Comotor 624 twin-rotor Wankel engine. Small-series production of the OCR 1000 production model began in 1978 and ceased in 1981 after poor press reviews and complications with Comotor engine production.
 HMS Ouse was a Laird type River-class destroyer ordered by the Royal Navy under the 1903 – 1904 Naval Estimates. Named after the River Ouse[citation needed] in north east England near the city of York she was the first ship to carry this name in the Royal Navy.
 The Chevrolet Trax is one of three small car concepts introduced on 4 April 2007 at the 2007 New York International Auto Show. The Trax showcases a new style of small car from General Motors with a two-tone exterior. The mini car was completely designed by GM Daewoo in South Korea. The tiny hood houses a 1.0 L gas engine with a top speed of 105mph
 The Cerva CE.43 Guépard is a 1970s French four/five seat cabin monoplane produced by Cerva.
 The Suzuki Boulevard M50 or VZ800 is a V-twin engine cruiser style motorcycle based on the popular VL800 C50 made by Suzuki Motor Corporation. The VL800 C50 was originally named the VL800 Intruder Volusia with the name later shortened to Volusia. Its styling is from the first generation VZ800 Marauder.
 The Fisker Karma is an electric vehicle with on-board range extender luxury sports sedan that was produced by Fisker Automotive between 2011 and 2012. The vehicle is a series hybrid since the internal combustion engine ICE does not provide propulsion power to the drive wheels. The cars were manufactured at Valmet Automotive in Finland.
 NSB Class 62 is the first electric railcar operated by Norges Statsbaner between 1936 and 1970. Four units were built by Skabo and Norsk Elektrisk & Brown Boveri in 1931–35 with unit has been preserved by the Norwegian Railway Museum.The units served along with trailer cars on the first mainline electrified railway Drammenbanen. Two were delivered in 1931; two more in 1933.
 The Ikarus IO (Serbian Cyrillic:Икарус ИО - Извиђач Обални) was a biplane flying boat produced in Yugoslavia in the late 1920s. It was a conventional flying boat design for its day featuring a large single-bay wing cellule the staggered wings of slightly uneven span braced with N-struts. The pilot and observer sat side by side in an open cockpit and a gunner sat in an open position ahead of them on the bow. The pusher engine and frontal radiator were carried on struts in the interplane gap.
 The Toyota Yaris Verso is a mini MPV produced by Toyota Motor Corporation. In Japan it was called the Fun Cargo. It was replaced in 2004 by the Ractis but continued in many markets until 2005. Some Caribbean countries still have the Yaris Verso in production.Most reviews in the UK where the car has since been replaced by the Verso-S have praised the space and the driving characteristics whilst passing adverse comment on the car's appearance.
 The Nord 1221 Norélan was a 1940s three-seat training monoplane designed and built in France by Nord Aviation.
 The Polyot (Also known as Sputnik GRAU index 11A59) was an interim orbital carrier rocket built to test ASAT spacecraft. It was required as a stopgap after the cancellation of the UR-200 programme but before the Tsyklon could enter service. Only two were ever launched the first on 1 November 1963 and the last on 12 April 1964. Both of these flights were successful.The rocket consisted of a core stage and four boosters which were taken from a Voskhod 11A57 rocket.
 The Gardan GY-120 was a single engine parasol wing ultralight seating two in tandem and designed and built in France in the 1980s. It did not go into production.
 USCGC Cape Fox (WPB-95316) was a Type B Cape-class cutter of the United States Coast Guard. Built at the Coast Guard Yard in Curtis Bay Baltimore the vessel was commissioned on August 22 1955.
 Maud is one of only two surviving Norfolk trading wherries to be found on the Norfolk Broads. Maud was built in 1899 and served as a sailing wherry and later as a lighter before being sunk in the mid-1960s as protection for part of the banks of Ranworth Broad. In 1981 she was refloated and taken to Upton where she was restored over a number of years finally returning to the water in 1999. As of 2010 Maud is active on the Norfolk Broads.
 HMS Pegasus was one of 11 Pelorus-class protected cruisers ordered for the Royal Navy in 1893 under the Spencer Program and based on the earlier Pearl-class. The class were fitted with a variety of different boilers most of which were not entirely satisfactory and by 1914 four ships had been withdrawn. They had all been condemned in 1904 but were reprieved and remained in service with scrapping proposed in 1915.
 The Namaqualand 0-4-2IST Caledonia of 1904 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape Colony.In 1904 a single 0-4-2 inverted saddle-tank locomotive was placed in service by the Cape Copper Company as a shunting engine at O'okiep in the Cape Colony.
 The SsangYong Istana is a 2 9 12 and 15 seat van based on the Mercedes-Benz MB100 'Bus' variant. It comes with most of the options of the MB100 as well. The word Istana is Malay for palace which is the name of the Presidential residence in Singapore.
 USS Bulkeley (DDG-84) is an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer in the United States Navy. She was named after Vice Admiral John D. Bulkeley who was a World War II Medal of Honor recipient.Bulkeley was laid down on 10 May 1999 by Ingalls Shipbuilding and launched on 21 June 2000 in Pascagoula Mississippi.
 Aura II (formerly known as SS Halland Bore II SS Seagull and SS Aura) was a Finnish escort vessel and a former presidential yacht operated by the Finnish Navy between 1939 and 1940. The ship participated in the Winter War.The ship was originally constructed as the passenger vessel SS Halland. She was renamed into Bore II during a sejour with another shipping company.
 USS Wemootah (SP-201) was a United States Navy patrol vessel and net tender in commission from 1917 to 1919.Wemootah was built as a civilian motorboat of the same name in 1913 by the Gas Engine and Power Company and the Charles L. Seabury Company at Morris Heights in the Bronx New York. The U.S. Navy purchased her from her owner A. Gardner Cooper of New York City on 16 June 1917 for World War I service as a patrol vessel.
 USS Mahan (DDG-42) named for Rear Admiral Alfred Thayer Mahan USN (1840–1914) was a Farragut-class guided missile frigate (destroyer leader) laid down as DLG-11 by the San Francisco Naval Shipyard on 31 July 1957 launched on 7 October 1959 by Mrs. H. P. Smith wife of Vice Adm. Harold Page Smith (CINCLANT at the time) and commissioned on 25 December 1960. Mahan was reclassified as a guided missile destroyer on 30 June 1975 and designated DDG-42.
 The Alma-class ironclads were a group of seven wooden-hulled armored corvettes built for the French Navy in the mid to late 1860s. Three of the ships attempted to blockade Prussian ports in the Baltic Sea in 1870 during the Franco-Prussian War. Three others patrolled the North Sea and the Atlantic while the last ship was en route to Japan when the war began and blockaded two small Prussian ships in a Japanese harbor.
 RV Coastal Guardian is a survey vessel which is owned and operated by the Environment Agency. Her work takes her around the UK most notably the West Coast.
 The Schempp-Hirth Arcus is a flapped Two Seater Class glider in production by Schempp-Hirth. It first flew 7 April 2009. It is offered in addition to the Duo Discus which is an unflapped 20 metre two-seater whose fuselage it shares. The wings have flaperons integrated along the whole span.It is available as a pure glider a turbo using the Solo 2350-engine and as a self-launching glider using the Solo 2625-02i.
 The Boeing AH-64 Apache is a four-blade twin-engine attack helicopter with a tailwheel-type landing gear arrangement and a tandem cockpit for a two-man crew. It features a nose-mounted sensor suite for target acquisition and night vision systems. It is armed with a 30 mm (1.18 in) M230 Chain Gun carried between the main landing gear under the aircraft's forward fuselage.
 JXMSRI UAV is a micro air vehicle (MAV) developed by Jiangxi Provincial Meteorological Science Research Institute (JXMSRI 江西省气象科学研究所) for weather reconnaissance mission and it has entered service with People's Liberation Army Nanjing Military Region. JXMSRI MAV is capable of both remotely piloted and autonomous flight and carries numerous scientific instruments including fully digitized radiosonde and other equipment needed for weather reconnaissance mission.
 The GCR Class 9J (LNER Class J11) was a class of 174 0-6-0 steam locomotives designed by John G. Robinson for freight work on the Great Central Railway (GCR) in 1901.
 Placilla was a four-masted barque which was built for F. Laeisz Hamburg Germany in 1892. She was sold in 1901 and renamed Optima in 1903. In 1905 she was wrecked on the Haisborough Sands.
 The Gordon Dove was a British low powered low wing single seat monoplane built for the ultralight sports market in competition with aircraft like the Belgian designed Tipsy S. There was little enthusiasm for such machines in England in the late 1930s and only three were constructed.
 The Getrag 260 (RPO M35) was a 5-speed manual transmission incorporated in BMW and General Motors vehicles between 1984 and 2005. It coexisted in the market with the lighter-duty Getrag 240 and more expensive Getrag 265 models.
 USS Petrof Bay (CVE–80) was an Casablanca class escort carrier of the United States Navy.She was laid down under a Maritime Commission contract by the Kaiser Shipbuilding Company Vancouver Washington 15 October 1943; launched 5 January 1944; sponsored by Mrs. J. G. Atkins; acquired 18 February 1944 and commissioned the same day at Astoria Oregon Captain Joseph L. Paddy Kane in command.
 The Aurore MB 04 Souris Bulle (English: Bubble Mouse) is a French ultralight aircraft designed by Michel Barry and produced by Aurore Sarl of Sauvagnon. The aircraft is supplied as a kit or as plans for amateur construction.
 The Nissan Prince Royal is a limousine made for the Imperial Household of Japan.
 The Great Western Railway (GWR) 4700 Class was a class of nine 2-8-0 steam locomotives numbered 4700 through 4708. They were the final locomotives designed by George Jackson Churchward and were introduced in 1919–1921 for fast goods work. Although built for freight the class sometimes hauled passenger trains notably heavy holiday expresses in the summer.
 The Martin Marietta Model 845 was a remotely piloted aircraft developed in the United States in the late 1960s and early 1970s for use as a communications relay in the Vietnam War. Two prototypes were built as part of the United States Air Force's Compass Dwell program these machines also being based on a Schweizer SGS 1-34 sailplane and similar in configuration to the competing XQM-93 design by Ling-Temco-Vought.
 The Gracieuse was a 32-gun Charmante class frigate of the French Navy. Renamed to Unité she took part in the French Revolutionary Wars. The Royal Navy captured her in 1796 and brought her into British service as HMS Unite.
 USS Ellis (DD–154) was a Wickes class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was reclassified AG-115 on 30 June 1945. She was the second ship named for Chief Yeoman George Henry Ellis.Ellis was launched 30 November 1918 by William Cramp & Sons Philadelphia Pennsylvania; sponsored by Mrs. E. T. Stotesbury; and commissioned 7 June 1919 Lieutenant Commander T. E. Van Metre in command.
 The Dyn'Aéro MCR4S is a four seat development of the French two seat single engine Dyn'Aéro MCR01. It first flew in early 2000 and is sold as a kit for homebuilding in several versions.
 The JNR class ED60 was a DC electric locomotive operated by Japanese National Railways (JNR) between 1958 and 1986. It was the first second-generation DC electric locomotive type featuring increased-power traction motors. Despite its diminutive size the Bo-Bo wheel arrangement ED60 design offered performance comparable with the much larger JNR Class EF15 1Co+Co1 design weighing almost twice as much.Eight locomotives were built between 1958 and 1960 by Kawasaki Tōyō + Kisha and Mitsubishi.
 The Murakumo class destroyers (叢雲型駆逐艦 Murakumogata kuchikukan) were a class of six torpedo boat destroyers (TBDs) of the Imperial Japanese Navy. The class is also sometimes referred to as the Shinonome class destroyers (東雲駆逐艦 Shinonomegata kuchikukan).
 HMS Royal Sovereign was a 100-gun first rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built at Woolwich Dockyard and launched in July 1701. She had been built using some of the salvageable timbers from the previous Royal Sovereign which had been destroyed by fire in 1697.She was Admiral George Rooke's flagship in the War of the Spanish Succession.Royal Sovereign formed the basis for the dimensions for 100-gun ships in the 1719 Establishment being a generally well-regarded vessel.
 Iore often stylized IORE is a class of 26 electric locomotives built by Adtranz and its successor Bombardier Transportation for the Swedish mining company LKAB's railway division Malmtrafik. The class is a variation of Adtranz's Octeon modular product platform thus related to Bombardier's later TRAXX platform. The locomotives haul iron ore freight trains on the Iron Ore Line and Ofoten Line in Sweden and Norway respectively.
 The SD26 is an EMD SD24 diesel locomotive that was rebuilt by the Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Railway between January 1973 and January 1978. In an effort to spare the cost of purchasing new motive power the Santa Fe elected to expand on the success of its CF7 and other capital rebuild programs and extend the life of its fleet of 80 aging SD24s by rebuilding them at its San Bernardino California Shops. The rebuilt locomotives saw service throughout much of the Santa Fe system.
 SS William A. Graham (MC hull number 160) was a liberty ship built by the North Carolina Shipbuilding Company of Wilmington North Carolina and launched on 26 July 1942. One of 2700 cargo ships produced during an emergency shipbuilding program the Graham was named for William Alexander Graham a 19th century governor of North Carolina and a U.S. Secretary of the Navy.Constructed in eight weeks the 441-foot steamship was operated by J.H. Winchester & Co. of New York.
 The DF4 (Chinese: 东风4) is a type of diesel-electric locomotive used in the People's Republic of China. It has been in production since 1969 and is still produced as of 2007 by several local companies. It is the most common locomotive in China and is used for both passenger and freight services.
 USS Salisbury Sound (AV-13) a Currituck-class seaplane tender was laid down on 10 April 1943 by Todd Pacific Shipyards San Pedro California. The ship was originally named Puget Sound however it was renamed on 5 June 1944 before it was launched on 18 June 1944. Salisbury Sound was sponsored by Mrs. John D. Price and commissioned on 26 November 1945 Capt. Doyle G. Donaho in command.
 German submarine U-995 was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine. She was laid down on 25 November 1942 by Blohm & Voss in Hamburg Germany and commissioned on 16 September 1943 with Oberleutnant zur See Walter Köhntopp in command.
 The Armstrong Siddeley Sapphire is a large automobile which was produced by the British company Armstrong Siddeley Motors Limited from 1952 to 1960. A distinctive element of the Sapphires was the traditional Armstrong Siddeley V-shaped radiator grille with the Sphinx motif mounted on it.
 The KTM 65 SX is a youth motorcycle made by KTM. The factory introduced the motorcycle in 1998 but it's still available. It has a 64 cc single-cylinder two-stroke water-cooled engine a six-speed manual gearbox and 56 kg dry weight.
 The Radium King was built in 1937 to haul ore on the Mackenzie River and her tributaries.This included uranium used in the US atom bombs of World War II. Later in her active career she hauled barges on Great Slave Lake.
 The Nieuport-Delage NiD 120 series was a series of French single-seat parasol monoplane fighter aircraft of the 1930s. It was built in a number of versions fitted with various types of engines with six aircraft designated NiD 123 being sold to Peru.
 The Latécoère 25 was a French airliner built in 1925 for use on Latécoère's own airline and its subsidiaries. Essentially a refined version of the Latécoère 17 with an enlarged wingspan it supplanted that type in production and then in service. As Lignes Aériennes Latécoère increasingly shifted its emphasis from carrying passengers to carrying airmail the Latécoère 25 found its definitive role as a mail plane and was widely used in establishing the line's South American services.
 HMCS Spikenard was a Flower-class corvette that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. She served primarily in the Battle of the Atlantic as a convoy escort. She was named for the Spikenard flower.
 Hayate (疾風 “Squall”) was one of nine Kamikaze-class destroyers built for the Imperial Japanese Navy following World War I. Advanced for their time these ships served as first-line destroyers through the 1930s but were considered obsolescent by the start of the Pacific War. Hayate had the distinction of being the first major Japanese warship sunk during the war.
 The first generation Proton Perdana is a four-door mid-size saloon manufactured by Malaysian automobile producer Proton which launched on 26 January 1995. It is a badge engineered seventh generation Mitsubishi Eterna developed as the result of a collaboration between Proton and Mitsubishi Motors. About 80000 first generation Proton Perdanas were sold between 1995 and 2010.Perdana is the Malay word for Prime.
 USS Tacoma (C-18/PG-32/CL-20) was a Denver-class protected cruiser in the United States Navy during World War I. She was the second Navy ship named for the city of Tacoma Washington.Tacoma was laid down on 27 September 1900 at Mare Island California by the Union Iron Works; launched on 2 June 1903; sponsored by Miss Julia M. Harris; and commissioned on 30 January 1904 Commander Reginald Fairfax Nicholson in command.
 The Aptera 2 Series (formerly the Aptera Typ-1) was a high-efficiency passenger three-wheeled automobile under development by Aptera Motors.
 The Dacia Duster is a compact sport utility vehicle (SUV) produced jointly by the French manufacturer Renault and its Romanian subsidiary Dacia since 2010. It is also marketed as the Renault Duster in certain markets such as India Iran Russia or in South America. It was officially launched at the 2010 Geneva Motor Show and is the third model based on the Logan platform after the Sandero.
 The USS Leopold (DE-319) was an Edsall-class destroyer escort built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named for Ensign Robert Lawrence Leopold (who served aboard the battleship Arizona and was killed during the Attack on Pearl Harbor) she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.Leopold was laid down on 24 March 1943 by the Consolidated Steel Corporation of Orange Texas; launched on 12 June 1943; sponsored by Ms. Helen S.
 The Milwaukee Road classes F6 and F6-a comprised twenty-two steam locomotives of the 4-6-4 configuration commonly nicknamed “Hudson” but known as “Baltic” on the Milwaukee Road. They would have been the first 4-6-4 tender locomotives in the world were it not for the Milwaukee's financial difficulties which culminated in bankruptcy in 1925.The fourteen class F6 locomotives were not delivered from their builder the Baldwin Locomotive Works of Philadelphia Pennsylvania until 1929–1930.
 INS Sharada (P55) is a Sukanya class patrol vessel of the Indian Navy.
 The Legend Legend is an American sports monoplane designed by Performance Aircraft for sale as a kit for amateur construction. The assets of Performance Aircraft were taken over by Lanny Rundell to be marketed by Legend Aircraft of Winnsboro Louisiana.
 The Dacia 1325 (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈdat͡ʃia]) (also known as 1325 Liberta or simply as Liberta) was a car manufactured by Romanian auto marque Dacia.
 The 350 class were a class of diesel locomotives built by Islington Railway Workshops for the South Australian Railways in 1949.
 The Airdale Backcountry is an American amateur-built aircraft that was designed by John Larsen as a derivation of the Avid Mk IV and produced by Airdale Flyer Company of Rhinelander Wisconsin. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 Empire Dell was a 7065 GRT CAM ship that was built in 1941 by Lithgows Ltd Port Glasgow United Kingdom for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). She served until May 1942 when she was torpedoed and sunk by U-124 whilst a member of Convoy ONS 92.
 USS Blue Ridge (AGC-2) was an Appalachian-class amphibious force flagship in the United States Navy. She was named for the southeasternmost ridge of the Appalachian Mountains in Virginia and North Carolina.
 The Great Eastern Railway (GER) Class Y14 is a class of 0-6-0 steam locomotive. The LNER classified them J15.The Class Y14 was designed by T.W. Worsdell for both freight and passenger duties - a veritable 'maid of all work'. Introduced in July 1883 they were so successful that all the succeeding chief superintendents continued to build new batches down to 1913 with little design change the final total being 289. During World War I 43 of the engines served in France and Belgium.
 HMS Crescent was a 36-gun Flora-Class frigate of the British Royal Navy. Launched in 1784 she spent the first years of her service on blockade duty in the English Channel where she single-handedly captured the French frigate La Reunion. In 1795 Crescent was part of a squadron commanded by George Elphinstone that forced the surrender of a Batavian squadron at the Battle of Saldanha Bay.
 HMS Euryalus was a Dido-class cruiser of the Royal Navy. She was built at Chatham Dockyard UK) with the keel being laid down on 21 October 1937. She was launched on 6 June 1939 and commissioned 30 June 1941. Euryalus was the last cruiser that Chatham Dockyard built.
 The Sikorsky S-300 (formerly Hughes 300 and Schweizer 300) family of light utility helicopters was originally produced by Hughes Helicopters as a development of the Hughes 269. Later manufactured by Schweizer Aircraft the basic design has been in production for almost 50 years. The single three-bladed main rotor and piston-powered S-300 is mostly used as a cost-effective platform for training and agriculture.
 USCGC Vigilant (WPC-154) was an Active-class patrol boat of the United States Coast Guard. She was 125-foot steel-hulled twin-screw diesel-powered cutter primarily outfitted for Aids to Navigation work. She was involved in the rescue of survivors of several U-boat attacks off central Florida in the 1940s.
 The Widerøe C.5 Polar sometimes known as the Honningstad C.5 Polar was a Norwegian general purpose land or floatplane built by Widerøes Flyveselskap.
 The SST (Sea Scout Twin) class of non-rigid airship or blimp was developed in Great Britain during World War I from the earlier SS class airship. The main role of these craft was to escort convoys and scout or search for German U-Boats.Designs were submitted in 1917 for a twin-engined SS class airship the idea being that should there be an engine failure the craft would not be rendered helpless and therefore less likely to be lost.
 For the 1928 Stutz land speed record car see Stutz Black Hawk SpecialThe Stutz Blackhawk was an American luxury car manufactured from 1971 through 1987. Other than the name it bears no resemblance with the original Stutz Blackhawk (1929-1931). The Stutz Motor Company was revived in August 1968 by New York banker James O'Donnell. He joined forces with retired Chrysler stylist Virgil Exner who designed the new Blackhawk.
 The Ducati 1098 is a sport bike made by Ducati from 2007 to 2009 in three versions the 1098 1098S and 1098R. The 1098 was succeeded by the 1198 in 2009 though the 1098R remained in production that year.The 1098 shares more design elements with the older 998 than with its predecessor the 999 such as horizontally placed headlights and a non-integrated exhaust system. Another carryover from its 916/998 heritage is the single-sided swingarm.
 HMS Temeraire was an ironclad battleship of the Victorian Royal Navy which was unique in that she carried her main armament partly in the traditional broadside battery and partly in barbettes on the upper deck.
 The Murphy Elite is a Canadian light aircraft that was designed and is produced by Murphy Aircraft of Chilliwack British Columbia. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction.When it was introduced in April 1996 it was originally known as the Rebel Elite.
 The NEOPLAN Jumbocruiser was an articulated double-deck multi-axle city coach built by NEOPLAN Bus GmbH between 1975 and 1992. At 18 meters in length 2.50m wide and 4m in height it is in the Guinness World Records as the world's largest bus with a capacity for 170 passengers.
 USS Bandera (APA-131) was a Haskell-class attack transport of the US Navy. She was built and used during World War II. She was of the VC2-S-AP5 Victory ship design type. Bandera was named for Bandera County Texas.
 Deep Impact was a NASA space probe launched on January 12 2005. It was designed to study the interior composition of the comet 9P/Tempel by releasing an impactor into the comet. At 5:52 UTC on July 4 2005 the impactor successfully collided with the comet's nucleus. The impact excavated debris from the interior of the nucleus allowing photographs of the impact crater. The photographs showed the comet to be more dusty and less icy than had been expected.
 Adami was an automobile manufactured in Florence Italy.
 Brita was a cargo ship that was built in 1908 by Sunderland Shipbuilding Ltd Sunderland as Odland for Norwegian owners. A sale in 1922 saw her renamed Odland 1. In 1928 she was sold to Sweden and renamed Brita. She was seized by Germany in 1940 at Bergen Norway and impressed into service under the name Desiderus Siedler. In May 1945 she was seized by the Allies at Copenhagen passed to the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) and renamed Empire Connell.
 The Hawker Danecock biplane was developed from the Hawker Woodcock for the Danish air force and naval service.
 HMS Galatea was an Arethusa-class light cruiser of the Royal Navy launched on 14 May 1914 at William Beardmore and Company shipyard.On her commissioning she was assigned as the leader to the 2nd Destroyer Squadron of the Harwich Force guarding the eastern approaches to the English Channel. On the 4 May 1916 she took part in the shooting down of Zeppelin L 7. At the battle of Jutland she was the flagship of the 1st Light Cruiser Squadron under Commodore E.S. Alexander-Sinclair.
 The Beeson MB.26 was a French sesquiplane floatplane designed by Marcel Besson as a shipborne two-seat reconnaissance aircraft for the French Navy but it was not ordered into production.
 CSS Palmetto State an ironclad ram was built by Cameron and Co. Charleston South Carolina in January 1862 under the supervision of Flag Officer D. N. Ingraham CSN. She was readied for service by September 1862 when Lieutenant Commander John Rutledge CSN was placed in command. Her armor was 4 thick on the shield backed by 22 of wood 2 of iron elsewhere.
 USS Concord (Gunboat No. 3/PG-3) was a member of the Yorktown class of steel-hulled twin-screw gunboats in the United States Navy in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. She was the second U.S. Navy ship named in honor of the town of Concord Massachusetts site of the Battle of Concord in the American Revolutionary War.The contract to build Concord was awarded to N. F. Palmer & Co. of Philadelphia in the 1888 fiscal year.
 HMS Swiftsure was a 74-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched from Bucklers Hard on 23 July 1804. She fought at Trafalgar.The French 74-gun ship Swiftsure also took part in the battle. She had originally been a British ship but was captured by the French in 1801.It was a myth at the time that the Swiftsure sailed faster at night.[citation needed]Swiftsure became a receiving ship in 1819 and was eventually sold out of the service in 1845.
 This article is about the 1930s-50s models - there were also entirely different Fiat 1500s manufactured from 1961 to 1967.The Fiat 1500 was a car produced by the Fiat from 1935 to 1950. The car was introduced in Salone dell'Automobile di Milan in 1935. It was one of the first cars tested in a wind tunnel following the Chrysler Airflow produced one year earlier.
 HMS Astute (P447) was an Amphion-class submarine. Her keel was laid down by Vickers at Barrow-in-Furness. She was launched in 1944 and commissioned in 1945.In 1953 she took part in the Fleet Review to celebrate the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II.Astute was scrapped on 1 October 1970 at Dunston on Tyne.
 William Lyon Mackenzie # 334 named for Toronto's first mayor William Lyon Mackenzie is a fireboat for the Toronto Fire Services. It was built in 1964 with a modified Tugboat hull to provide marine fire fighting as well as ice breaking capabilities. In 2004 the fireboat was refurbished and it is expected to be in service until 2037.
 HMS L5 was a British L class submarine built by Swan Hunter Wallsend. She was laid down on 23 August 1916 and was commissioned on 15 May 1918.HMS L5 was sold in 1931 and broken up in Charlestown Fife.
 The ELA 07 is a series of Spanish autogyros designed and produced by ELA Aviación of Córdoba Andalusia. The aircraft are supplied complete and ready-to-fly.
 MV Baragoola is an under restoration Manly ferry owned by the Baragoola Preservation Association Incorporated and statically moored at Balls Head Waverton. She was built in 1922 by Mort's Dockyard and Engineering Company Limited Balmain in New South Wales for The Port Jackson and Manly Steamship Company Limited as SS Baragoola.
 RMS Empress of Britain was a transatlantic ocean liner built by Fairfield Shipbuilding at Govan on the Clyde in Scotland in 1905-1906 for Canadian Pacific Steamship (CP). This ship -- the first of three CP vessels to be named Empress of Britain -- regularly traversed the trans-Atlantic route between Canada and Europe until 1922 with the exception of the war years.
 INS Nilgiri (F33) was the lead ship of her class of frigates. Commissioned on June 3 1972 into the Indian Navy she was decommissioned in 1996.INS Nilgiri was the first major warship built in India keel up. It was built at Mazagon Docks Limited Mumbai in collaboration with Yarrow Shipbuilders Glasgow. The collaboration involved designs of the Royal Navy's improved Type 12 general purpose frigate and technical and training support for construction of 6 vessels.
 German submarine U-394 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She carried out two patrols. She did not sink or damage any ships.She was sunk by a British aircraft and warships in the Norwegian Sea in September 1944.
 Courageux was a heavy 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy launched in 1753. She was captured by the Royal Navy in 1761 and taken into service as HMS Courageux. She was wrecked in 1796.
 Prévoyante (1792) was the second of two flûtes (supply or store ships) built to a design by Raymond-Antoine Haran. She was launched on May 1793 at Bayonne. The British frigates HMS Thetis and HMS Hussar captured her in 1795 and the British took her into the Royal Navy after first converting her to a fifth rate. She served as a frigate until 1800 when she underwent reconversion back to a store ship. As a store ship she sailed to the Mediterranean Cape of Good Hope and Quebec.
 The SGP M-222 Flamingo was an Austrian twin engine four seat light aircraft developed with a series of prototypes into the early 1960s. There was no series production.
 The Extra EA-500 is a six-seat single-engined turboprop aircraft produced by the Extra Aircraft company.
 The Vought SB2U Vindicator was a carrier-based dive bomber developed for the United States Navy in the 1930s the first monoplane in this role. Obsolete at the outbreak of World War II Vindicators still remained in service at the time of the Battle of Midway but by 1943 all had been withdrawn to training units. It was known as the Chesapeake in Royal Navy service.
 German submarine U-548 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She was laid down at the Deutsche Werft (yard) in Hamburg as 'werk' 369 on 4 September 1942 launched on 14 April 1943 and commissioned on 30 June with Kapitänleutnant Eberhard Zimmermann in command.U-548 began her service career with training as part of the 4th U-boat Flotilla from 30 June 1943.
 The Sr2 is a class of electric locomotives of the VR Group. They were built by SLM / ABB and later by Adtranz and finally Bombardier Transportation and assembled by Transtech Oy. They are closely based on the class Re 460 (or Lok 2000) locomotives of Swiss Federal Railways.The nicknames of this class are Alppiruusu (Edelweiss) Käkikello (Cuckoo clock) both referring to the Swiss origin of the locomotive and Marsu (Guinea pig) from the looks of the locomotive.
 The Mariner Aircraft Mariner is an American ultralight amphibious flying boat that was designed by Larry Seifert and produced by Mariner Aircraft starting in 1989. The aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 USS Atglen (ID-1315) also sometimes listed as ID-1350 was a United States Navy barge in service from 1917 to 1919.Atglen was laid down as a non-self-propelled commercial barge at South Roundout New York in 1900. The U.S. Navy' 3rd Naval District inspected her for possible World War I service in 1917 and the Navy acquired her on 16 November 1917 assigning her one of two reported Naval Registry Identification Numbers (either Id. No. 1315 or Id. No.
 The LML NV is a scooter made by Lohia Machinery Limited India. It is sold in Europe as the LML Star North America as the Stella and New Zealand as the BelladonnaThe scooter is a licensed copy of Vespa PX 150 introduced in 1986. This model lacks an automatic lubrication system thus two-stroke oil must be pre-mixed with petrol. An upgraded version of this scooter was called the LML Select 2. Production of the LML NV and LML Select 2 ended in 2004.
 The United States Revenue Cutter Taney was one of the 13 cutters of the Morris-Taney class. These cutters were the backbone of the Revenue Cutter Service for more than a decade. Samuel Humphreys designed these cutters for roles as diverse as fighting pirates privateers combating smugglers and operating with naval forces. He designed the vessels on a naval schooner concept. They had Baltimore Clipper lines.
 The Aviafiber Canard 2FL was a one-person recreational aircraft of highly unusual design. Variously described as a rigid-wing hang-glider or as a foot-launched sailplane it was the brainchild of Swiss aerodynamicist Hans Farner. Of fibreglass construction it consisted of a tiny fuselage just big enough to accommodate the pilot in a prone position and provided with doors in the bottom through which the pilot's feet could protrude for takeoff and landing.
 M/S Sigyn is the ship that transports spent nuclear fuel from Swedish nuclear power plants to Clab the storage facility at Oskarshamn. She is named after the goddess Sigyn the mythological wife of Loki.
 USS Clarence L. Evans (DE-113) was a Cannon-class destroyer escort built for the United States Navy during World War II. She served in the Atlantic Ocean and provided escort service against submarine and air attack for Navy vessels and convoys. She was launched on 22 March 1944 by Dravo Corporation Wilmington Delaware sponsored by Mrs. E. E. Evans; commissioned on 25 June 1944 Lieutenant Commander W. C. Hughes USNR in command; and reported to the Atlantic Fleet.
 USS St. Sebastian (SP-470) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.St. Sebastian was built as a private motorboat of the same name by Captain R. D. Hardee at St. Sebastian Florida. On 25 June 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired her from her owner J. W. Taylor of Marathon Florida for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. She was commissioned as USS St. Sebastian (SP-470) on 9 August 1917. St.
 Navarra was an Aragon-class unprotected cruiser of the Spanish Navy in the late 19th century.
 SS Clan Macarthur was a British refrigerated cargo steamship. She was built for Cayzer Irvine and Company's Clan Line Steamers Ltd as one of its Cameron-class steamships. She was launched in Greenock in 1936 and sunk in the Indian Ocean by enemy action in August 1943.This was the third Cayzer Irvine ship to be named after Clan Arthur. The first was a 3984 GRT ship built in 1883 sold to an Indian buyer in 1904 and renamed Shah Jehan.
 The Liebherr T 282B is an off-highway ultra class rigid frame two-axle diesel-electric AC powertrain haul truck designed and manufactured by the Liebherr Mining Equipment Co. The T 282B is Liebherr’s largest highest payload capacity haul truck offering one of the largest haul truck payload capacities in the world up to 400 short tons (363 t).
 The Baldwin DR-6-6-1500 was a diesel-electric locomotive of the road switcher type rated at 1500 horsepower (1100 kW) that rode on a pair of three-axle trucks having an C-C wheel arrangement.
 USS Santaquin (YTB-824) is a United States Navy Natick-class large district harbor tug named for Santaquin Utah.
 The Platzer Motte (English: Moth) is a German amateur-built aircraft designed by Michael Platzer and made available in the form of plans for amateur construction.
 The Berliner Helicopters were a series of experimental helicopters built by Henry Berliner between 1922 and 1925. The helicopters had only limited controllability but were the most significant step forward in helicopter design in the USA until the production of the Vought-Sikorsky VS-300 helicopter in 1940. The 1922 flights of the Berliner and the de Bothezat H1 were the first by manned helicopters.
 The first USS Yellowstone (ID-2657) was a cargo ship of the United States Navy that served during World War I and its immediate aftermath.
 The Jog is a scooter produced by the Yamaha Motor Company since 1983 and was introduced in North America in 1986. It continued production in North America after 3 style changes and model designations (CE50 CG50 and CY50) until 2001. The Jog has continued production elsewhere in the world and uses the current CV50 designation.
 The Huff-Daland Type XV Training Water-Cooled TW-5 was a biplane trainer designed by the Huff-Daland Aero Corporation in the early 1920s for the United States Army Air Service.
 HMS Russell was a Blackwood or Type 14 class second-rate anti-submarine frigate of the British Royal Navy.
 USS Charles R. Greer (DE-23) was an Evarts-class destroyer escort constructed for the United States Navy during World War II. It was promptly sent off into the Pacific Ocean to protect convoys and other ships from Japanese submarines and fighter aircraft. At the end of the war she returned to the United States proudly with two battle stars.She was intended for Great Britain under Lend-Lease as BDE-23. However Charles R.
 HMS Exeter was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the English Royal Navy built by contract of 20 February 1678 by Henry Johnson at Blackwall Yard and launched in March 1680.She was involved in the Battle of Beachy Head against France in 1690. However the ship suffered damage from an explosion the next year and was hulked in 1691. She was broken up at Portsmouth in 1717.
 USS PCS-1465 was a PCS-1376-class minesweeper built for the United States Navy during World War II. Late in the war she was renamed and reclassified Minah (AMc-204) and in the 1950s reclassified first as AMCU-14 and later as MHC-14. Named for the myna under a variant spelling she was the only U.S. Navy ship of that name.
 The RevoPower is a motorized wheel concept the idea being the conversion of a pedal-powered bicycle into a motorcycle. It was invented by Denver Colorado based RevoPower Inc.The RevoPower concept is a wheel with a two-stroke engine inside it which allows the bike to which it is attached to travel up to 20 miles per hour (32 km/h) at over 100 miles per US gallon (2.4 L/100 km; 120 mpg-imp).
 HMCS Elk was an armed yacht serving with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War.
 The Škoda 440 and the similar 445 and 450 are cars that were produced by AZNP in Czechoslovakia between 1955 and 1959. In Czechoslovakia vehicles were known under popular name Spartak.The three models are all powered by inline four-cylinder engines.
 Frisco 1352 is an Alco built 2-8-2 Steam locomotive. Built in 1912 as a 2-8-0 by the American Locomotive Company of Schenectady New York for the St. Louis-San Francisco Railway (commonly known as Frisco) the engine was later rebuilt into a 2-8-2 Mikado type to keep up with the traffic demands around World War II. Once retired the engine was stored in many locations under several owners until it ended up in a small engine house in rural Illinois.
 HMS Laforey was a L class destroyer of the Royal Navy. She was commissioned in and served during the Second World War and was torpedoed and sunk by a U-boat in 1944. She had been adopted by the civil community of Northampton in November 1941.
 The Bristol 401 saloon and Bristol 402 cabriolet are British luxury sporting cars produced by the Bristol Aeroplane Co. between 1948 and 1953. They were the successors to the initial Bristol 400.Although mechanically the 401 and 402 used an improved version of the BMW engine used in the 400 the styling was a huge advance on the pre-war bodies of that first Bristol model.
 HMS Apollo the third ship of the Royal Navy to be named for the Greek god Apollo was a 38-gun Artois-class fifth rate frigate of the Royal Navy. She served during the French Revolutionary Wars but her career came to an end after just four years in service when she was wrecked on the Haak sands off the Dutch coast.
 Murell was a 319 GRT coaster that was built in 1940 as Fiddown by Goole Shipbuilding & Repairing Co Ltd Goole Yorkshire United Kingdom for S Morris Ltd. In 1941 she was run down and sunk by HMS Campbelltown in the Mersey Estuary. She was salvaged in 1942 repaired and passed to the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) renamed Empire Estuary. She was sold into merchant service in 1946 and renamed Goldfawn. A further sale in 1952 saw her renamed Creekdawn.
 The de Havilland DH.90 Dragonfly was a 1930s British twin-engined luxury touring biplane built by the De Havilland Aircraft Company at Hatfield Aerodrome.
 Pioneer is the name of the first railroad locomotive to operate in Chicago Illinois. It was built in 1837 by Baldwin Locomotive Works for the Utica and Schenectady Railroad (U&S) in New York then purchased used by William B. Ogden for the Galena and Chicago Union Railroad (G&CU the oldest predecessor of Chicago and North Western Railway). The locomotive arrived in Chicago by schooner on October 10 1848 and it pulled the first train westbound out of the city on October 25 1848.
 The Hydra class were two minelayers of the Royal Netherlands Navy built to serve in the Dutch East Indies and Dutch territorial waters in Europe. The construction of the ships began in 1910 and was completed in 1912. The ships were built by the navy yard (Rijkswerf) in Amsterdam. Both ships were still in service during the Second World War. Only the Medusa escaped to the United Kingdom however. The Hydra was lost after it was fired on by an anti-tank weapon. It sank in the waters off Zeeland.
 SMS Thetis was the fourth member of the ten-ship Gazelle class built by the Imperial German Navy. She was built by the Imperial Dockyard in Danzig laid down in 1899 launched in July 1900 and commissioned into the High Seas Fleet in September 1901.
 The Royal Enfield Thunderbird is a cruiser style motorcycle produced by Royal Enfield Motors in India. It was introduced in 2000 with an AVL lean burn engine and five-speed gearbox. It is an Indian market model that has never been exported. A 500 cc prototype was also created which was launched as a production model in October 2012.In 2009 the AVL semi-unit engine was replaced with the new 346 cc unit construction engine (UCE).
 The Cody Michelin Cup Biplane was an experimental aircraft designed and built in Britain during 1910 by Samuel Franklin Cody a prominent showman and aviation pioneer. Cody had worked with the British Army on experiments with man-lifting kites and in October 1908 had successfully built and flown the British Army Aeroplane No 1 making the first officially verified powered flight in the United Kingdom.
 The Reid and Sigrist R.S. 1 was a British twin-engined three-seat advanced trainer developed in the Second World War.
 HMS Kempenfelt was a C-class destroyer built for the Royal Navy in the early 1930s. A flotilla leader she saw service in the Home Fleet before World War II and the ship made several deployments to Spanish waters during the Spanish Civil War enforcing the arms blockade imposed by Britain and France on both sides of the conflict. Kempenfelt was transferred to the Royal Canadian Navy (RCN) in 1939 and renamed HMCS Assiniboine.
 The Triumph Italia 2000 Coupé was built between 1959 and 1962 during which time 329 cars were produced. Designed by Giovanni Michelotti the TR3 chassis and mechanical components were supplied by the Triumph Motor Company in the United Kingdom and built by Alfredo Vignale in Turin Italy.
 The German Type IXA submarine was a sub-class of the German Type IX submarine built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine between 1937 and 1938. These U-boats were designed between 1935 and 1936 and were intended to be fairly large ocean-going submarines.
 Esso Cadillac was a 8149 GRT tanker which was built in 1940 as Empire Bronze for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). She was sold into civil service in 1946 and renamed Esso Cadillac. Another change of ownership in 1956 saw her renamed Maribella II and she served under this name until scrapped in 1959.
 USS Besugo (SS/AGSS-321) a Balao-class submarine was a ship of the United States Navy named for the besugo a fish of the porgie family.Besugo (SS-321) was launched 27 February 1944 by Electric Boat Co. Groton Conn.; sponsored by Mrs. P. J. Homer; and commissioned 19 June 1944 Commander T. L. Wogan in command.Assigned to the Pacific Fleet Besugo arrived at Pearl Harbor 25 July 1944.
 The Bellanger-Denhaut 22 (sometimes known by the military designation Bellanger-Denhaut HB.3) was a twin-engined bomber/reconnaissance flying boat designed by François Denhaut the technical director for seaplanes for the car manufacturer Bellanger.
 Haijian 49 (Chinese: 中国海监 49) is a China Marine Surveillance (CMS) ship in the 4th Marine Surveillance Flotilla of the East China Sea Fleet. On September 11 2012 after Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda decided to purchase Diaoyu Islands from its private owner Haijian 46 and Haijian 49 set out to conduct cruise operations in waters around the disputed Diaoyu Islands.
 The ZiS-485 army designation BAV (Russian большой автомобиль водоплавающий - bolshoi avtomobil vodoplavayushchiy big floating vehicle) is a Soviet amphibious transport similar to the DUKW.Introduced in 1952 it was intended to complement the GAZ 46 4x4 amphibious reconnaissance vehicle but using the ZiS-151 6x6 truck (also used in the BTR-152) as its basis.
 The Leopoldus Primus also called Leopold I was the first convoy ship commissioned to protect the free city of Hamburg. She was designed for use against piracy on the trade routes to Spain Portugal and West Africa and to accompany whalers to Greenland. Named in honor of the Roman Emperor Leopold I she was put into service in 1668 and scrapped in 1705 after 34 major missions. She was probably identical with the Wapen von Hamburg which went into service shortly after her.
 The first USS Accentor (AMc-36) was the lead boat of the Accentor-class of coastal minesweepers in the service of the United States Navy named after the accentor bird.She was laid down on 21 January 1941 by W. A. Robinson launched on 10 May 1941 sponsored by Mrs. W. A. Robinson and commissioned at the Boston Navy Yard on 24 July 1941 with Lt. (jg) Gordon Abbott in command.
 The Honda FC50 also known as the Beat was a 50 cc scooter manufactured by Honda in 1983. It was produced mainly for the Japanese domestic market—although both new and used models were exported from Japan—making it a fairly hard-to-find scooter. It was available in red or black only both with gold wheels. The FC50 was powered by a single cylinder petrol two-stroke engine that was liquid cooled making it one of the most powerful in its class.
 The Airspeed AS.10 Oxford was a twin-engine aircraft used for training British Commonwealth aircrews in navigation radio-operating bombing and gunnery during the Second World War.
 The Triumph Street Triple is a naked motorcycle produced by Triumph Motorcycles first released towards the end of 2007.The bike is closely modelled on the Speed Triple 1050 but uses a re-tuned inline three cylinder 675 cc engine from the Daytona 675 sportsbike which was released in 2006.
 USS Michigan was the United States Navy's first iron-hulled warship and served during the American Civil War. She was renamed USS Wolverine in 1905.
 The third USS Ticonderoga was a steamship in the United States Navy which served as a cargo ship. She was originally built as Camilla Rickmers a steamer in 1914 by Rickmers Aktien Gesellschaft at Bremerhaven Germany and operated by Rickmers Reederei & Schiffbau Aktien Gesellschaft.
 The W. G. Bagnall Victor/Vulcan 0-6-0ST is type of Industrial Steam Locomotive that ran in the United Kingdom from 1951 to 1973 in Industrial service.
 The War Department (WD) Austerity 2-8-0 is a type of heavy freight steam locomotive that was introduced in 1943 for war service. A total of 935 were built making this one of the most-produced classes of British steam locomotive.
 SM UB-81 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 18 September 1917 as SM UB-81.UB-81 was sunk 2 December 1917 by a mine at 50°27′N 0°53′W 29 crew members died in the event.
 Whiskey-class submarines (known in the Soviet Union as Projects 613 644 and 665) are a class of naval submarines that the Soviet Union built in the early Cold War period.
 PS Princess of Wales was a paddle steamer passenger vessel operated by the London and North Western Railway and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway from 1870 to 1896.
 The Martin T was a training biplane produced in the United States in 1913 for military use. It was a conventional three-bay biplane with unstaggered wings of equal span. The pilot and instructor sat in tandem open cockpits with dual controls.
 The Volvo L340 was a light truck produced by Swedish automaker Volvo between 1950 and 1956.
 The Hawker Harrier was an experimental biplane torpedo bomber aircraft built by Hawker Aircraft to a specification issued in the 1920s for the RAF.
 Clio was a 4558 GRT cargo ship that was built in 1939 as Bukarest by Deutsche Werft Hamburg Germany for Deutsche Levant Line. She was seized by Allied forces in 1945 passed to the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) and renamed Empire Ettrick. She was passed to the Norwegian Government in 1940s and renamed Bremnes. In 1947 she was sold to a Norwegian company and renamed Clio. A sale to a Greek company in 1963 saw her renamed Panorea.
 USS Troilus (AKA-46) was an Artemis-class attack cargo ship named after the minor planet 1208 Troilus which in turn was named after a Trojan prince. She served as a commissioned ship for 12 months.Troilus (AKA-46) was laid down under a Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 1907) on 18 March 1945 at Providence R.I. by the Walsh-Kaiser Co. Inc.; launched on 11 May 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Arthur G. B. Metcalf; acquired by the Navy and commissioned on 8 June 1945 Lt. Comdr.
 German submarine U-599 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She was a member of four wolfpacks carried out one patrol and sank no ships.She was sunk northwest of the Azores by a British aircraft in October 1942.
 German submarine U-864 was a Type IX U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine in World War II. She departed from Kiel on 5 December 1944 on her last mission to transport to Japan a large quantity of mercury and parts and engineering drawings for German jet fighters. While returning to Bergen Norway to repair a misfiring engine U-864 was detected and sunk on 9 February 1945 by the British submarine HMS Venturer killing all 73 on board.
 USS Giraffe (IX-118)an Armadillo-class tanker designatedan unclassified miscellaneous vessel was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the giraffe a large ruminant mammal of Africa having a very long neck that makes it the tallest of quadrupeds. Her keel was laid down as Sanford B. Dole by the California Shipbuilding Corporation in Wilmington California. She was launched on 11 November 1943 sponsored by Miss Mary F.
 The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Class 25 is a class of 0-6-0 steam locomotive. They were introduced to the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway in 1876 by new locomotive superintendent William Barton Wright and 280 were built in total. Of these 230 were later converted to saddle tanks by John Aspinall to become L&YR Class 23.
 The Syren was the longest lived of all the clipper ships with a sailing life of 68 years 7 months. She sailed in the San Francisco trade in the Far East and transported whaling products from Hawaii and the Arctic to New Bedford.
 The Nissan Leaf (also formatted LEAF as a backronym for Leading Environmentally friendly Affordable Family car) is a compact five-door hatchback electric car manufactured by Nissan and introduced in Japan and the United States in December 2010. The US Environmental Protection Agency official range for the 2013 model year Leaf is 121 km (75 mi) and rated the Leaf's combined fuel economy at 115 miles per US gallon gasoline equivalent (2.0 L/100 km).
 USS Conecuh (AOR-110) was a replenishment fleet tanker originally built by F. Schichau Danzig in 1938 as a combination oiler and supply vessel for the German Navy and christened as Dithmarschen. Taken over by British authorities at Bremerhaven when World War II ended Dithmarschen was allocated to the United States Navy on 15 January 1946 by the Inter-Allied Reparations Commission.
 USS Grosbeak (AMS-14/YMS-317) was a YMS-1-class minesweeper of the YMS-135 subclass built for the U.S. Navy during World War II.
 The Finnish Steam Locomotive Class B1 is an 0-4-2 saddle tank locomotive built by Beyer Peacock and Company at their Gorton Foundry Manchester England. Nine were constructed between 1868 and 1890; they were designed for use as shunting locomotives. Number 9 is Finland's oldest preserved locomotive and is preserved at the Finnish Railway Museum. The B1 was nicknamed “Ram”. They were numbered 9–10 53–56 150–151. B1 locomotives were withdrawn in the 1920s. The last was withdrawn in 1928.
 The Aeros Combat is a family of Ukrainian high-wing single-place hang gliders designed and produced by Aeros of Kiev and introduced in 2000.
 USS Eisele (DE-34) was an Evarts class short-hull destroyer escort in the service of the United States Navy named after Seaman Second Class George Raymond Eisele killed in action on board the heavy cruiser San Francisco (CA-38) on 12 November 1942 during the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal.Eisele (DE-34) was launched on 29 June 1943 at Mare Island Navy Yard Solano County California as BDE-34 by Mrs. George A. Eisele mother of Seaman Second Class Eisele.
 HMAS Warrego named for the Warrego River was a River-class torpedo-boat destroyer of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). Ordered in 1909 construction of the destroyer started in England but she was then broken down and reassembled at Cockatoo Island Dockyard in order for the Australian shipbuilding industry to gain experience in warship construction.
 BRP Pangasinan (PS-31) is a Miguel Malvar-class corvette of the Philippine Navy. She was originally built as USS PCE-891 a PCE-842-class patrol craft for the United States Navy during World War II. She was decommissioned from the U.S. Navy and transferred to the Philippine Navy in July 1948 and renamed RPS Pangasinan (E-31). The ship is in active service as of 2014.
 SS Fazilka was a 4152 GRT steamship with a length of 366 feet (112 m) breadth of 48.2 feet (14.7 m) and draught of 26.5 feet (8.1 m). She was built by William Doxford and Sons for the British-India Steam Navigation Company (B.I.S.N.) in 1890. She had triple expansion 462 nhp steam engines with a top speed of 12.5 knots.
 The LSM(R)-188 class was a class of twelve Landing Ship Medium (Rocket) of the United States Navy during World War II. They were used in the Pacific War for bombardment of shore positions.
 The British Rail Class 29 were a class of 20 diesel-electric Bo-Bo locomotives produced by the re-engining of the British Rail Class 21 units. The units were designed for both passenger and freight trains. The outwardly similar Class 22 shared no mechanical parts with the 29s.[citation needed]
 The R179 is a future New York City Subway car ordered for the B Division. These cars will replace all of the existing R32 and R42 cars which are running well past the average service life of a New York City Subway car and expand the fleet for the Second Avenue Subway. The contract to build these cars has been awarded to Bombardier Transportation who will build the cars in its Plattsburgh New York facility.
 The AOD (for automatic overdrive) is a four-speed automatic transmission with overdrive. Introduced in 1980 it was Ford's first four-speed automatic overdrive transmission. The gearset design is based on the Ford X automatic transmissions used during the 1950s 60s and 70s. The AOD replaced many of Ford's older transmissions such as the C4 C5 and light duty applications of the FMX.
 The Hindustan HT-2 is an Indian two-seat primary trainer designed and built by Hindustan Aeronautics Limited. The HT-2 was the first company design to enter production in 1953 for the Indian Air Force and Navy. The HT-2 is a low-wing cantilever monoplane with a fixed tailwheel landing gear. Powered by a 155hp (116kW) Cirrus Major III piston engine the aircraft has enclosed tandem cockpits with dual controls. Apart from military use the aircraft was also used by Indian flying schools.
 USS LCI(L)-189 was an amphibious assault ship commissioned in 1943 by the United States Navy and assigned to the Mediterranean theater during World War II. As part of Operation Husky LCI(L)-189 participated in the allied landings in Sicily from 9 - 15 July 1943.
 USS Springfield (SSN-761) a Los Angeles-class submarine is the fourth ship of the United States Navy to bear that name. The ship was named in honor of both the cities of Springfield Illinois and Springfield Massachusetts.The contract to build her was awarded to the Electric Boat Division of General Dynamics Corporation in Groton Connecticut on 21 March 1986 and her keel was laid down on 29 January 1990.
 MV Rena was a 3351 TEU container ship owned by the Greek shipping company Costamare Inc. through one of its subsidiaries Daina Shipping Co. The ship was built in 1990 as ZIM America for the Israeli shipping company Zim by Howaldtswerke-Deutsche Werft AG in Kiel Germany. She was renamed Andaman Sea in 2007 and has sailed under her current name and owner since 2010.On 5 October 2011 the Rena ran aground near Tauranga New Zealand resulting in an oil spill.
 German submarine U-2321 was the first of the highly advanced Type XXIII U-boats built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine in 1944 and 1945. As the first of this class U-2321 was one of a handful of such boats to undertake an operational patrol in March 1945.
 USS Nomad (SP-1046) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1918.Nomad was built as a private motorboat of the same name in 1914 by Goulartte at San Diego California. In May 1917 the U.S. Navy chartered her from her owner F. N. Howe of San Diego for use as a section patrol boat during World War I. She was commissioned on 10 May 1917 as USS Nomad (SP-1046) with Ensign R. N.
 The Mississippi Queen was the second largest paddle wheel driven river steamboat ever built. The ship was the largest such steamboat when she was built in 1976 by the Delta Queen Steamboat Company at Jeffboat in Indiana and was a seven-deck recreation of a classic Mississippi riverboat. She was later owned by the Majestic America Line.The company's American Queen is now the largest steamboat.The Mississippi Queen had 206 state rooms for a capacity of 412 guests and a crew of 157.
 The Bede BD-6 was a single-seat light aircraft first flown in the United States in 1974. Similar in design to the Bede BD-4 it is a high-wing cantilever monoplane of conventional configuration. The BD-6 is marketed as a kit homebuilding.The prototype was damaged in St Louis in the Great Flood of 1993 but in 2005 was reportedly under restoration by Bedecorp. The company created new drawings to finally bring the design to market.
 The Sikorsky S-67 Blackhawk was a private-venture prototype attack helicopter built in 1970 with Sikorsky Aircraft R&D funds. A tandem two-seat aircraft designed around the dynamic drive and rotor systems of the Sikorsky S-61 it was designed to serve as an attack helicopter or to transport up to 8 troops into combat.
 HMS Pheasant (U49) was a Modified Black Swan-class sloop of the Royal Navy. She was laid down by Yarrow Shipbuilders in Scotstoun Glasgow on 13 July 1942 launched on 21 December 1942 and commissioned on 12 May 1943.The Modified Black Swan-class sloops were specialised convoy-defence vessels with an anti-aircraft and an anti-submarine capability.
 SS Pacific was a 876-ton sidewheel steamer built in 1851 most notable for its sinking in 1875 as a result of a collision southwest of Cape Flattery Washington. The Pacific had an estimated 275 passengers and crew aboard when it sank. Only two survived. Among the casualties were several notable figures including the vessel's captain at the time of the disaster Jefferson D. Howell the brother-in-law of ex-Confederate President Jefferson Davis.
 The Saipan class aircraft carriers were a class of two light carriers [Saipan (CVL-48) and Wright (CVL-49)] built for the United States Navy during World War II. Like the nine Independence- class light carriers they were based on cruiser hulls. However they differed from the earlier light carriers in that they were built from the keel up as carriers and were based on heavy rather than light cruiser hulls.
 The fifth-generation Ford Mustang is a pony car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company. The fifth generation began with the 2005 model year and received a facelift for 2010. In 2010 the 2011 Mustang received engine upgrades. It is manufactured at the Flat Rock Assembly Plant in Flat Rock Michigan.
 Sibylle was an 38-gun Hébé class frigate of the French Navy. She was launched in 1791 at the dockyards in Toulon and placed in service in 1792. After the 50-gun Fourth Rate HMS Romney captured her in 1794 the British took her into service as HMS Sybille. She served in the Royal Navy until disposed of in 1833. While in British service Sybille participated in three notable single ship actions in each case capturing a French vessel.
 The Landing Craft Infantry (LCI) were several classes of seagoing amphibious assault ships of the Second World War used to land large numbers of infantry directly onto beaches. They were developed in response to a British request for a vessel capable of carrying and landing substantially more troops than their smaller Landing Craft Assault (LCA). The result was a small steel ship that could land 200 troops traveling from rear bases on its own bottom at a speed of up to 15 knots.
 Bras d'Or (R-103) was a small experimental hydrofoil built for the Royal Canadian Navy (RCN) during the 1950s. It led to the development of HMCS Bras d'Or (FHE 400) in the late 1960s.Built by Saunders-Roe from either a Saunder-Roe motor boat or Vosper PT boat hull the Bras d'Or was built based on the prototype R-101 in service with the Royal Navy. Launched in 1957 it underwent trials off Wales in May and arrived in Canada in July.
 The BMW M3 is a high-performance version of the BMW 3-Series developed by BMW's in-house motorsport division BMW M. M3 models have been derived from the E30 E36 E46 and E90/E92/E93 3-series and sold with coupe saloon and convertible body styles. Upgrades over the standard 3-Series automobiles include more powerful and responsive engines improved handling/suspension/braking systems aerodynamic body enhancements and interior/exterior accents with the tri-colour M (Motorsport) emblem.
 USNS Sumner (T-AGS-61) is a Pathfinder class oceanographic survey ship that became operational in 1997. It is the fourth United States Navy ship named Sumner.
 USS Cimarron (AO-22) was a Cimarron-class oiler serving with the United States Navy and only the second ship to be named for the Cimarron River in the southwestern United States. She was launched 7 January 1939 by Sun Shipbuilding and Drydock Company Chester Pennsylvania; sponsored by Mrs. William D. Leahy; and commissioned 20 March 1939 with Lieutenant Commander William W. Behrens Jr. in command.
 The Aeromarine 40F was an American two-seat flying-boat training aircraft produced for the US Navy and built by the Aeromarine Plane and Motor Company of Keyport New Jersey. Fifty out of an original order for 200 were delivered before the end of World War I with the remainder cancelled due to the armistice. The aircraft was a biplane with a pusher propeller. The pilot and instructor sat side by side.
 RM 2 was a class of two-bogie four-axle (Bo'Bo' wheel arrangement) tram operated by Turku City Transport (Finnish: Turun kaupungin liikennelaitos (TuKL); Swedish: Åbo stads trafikverk) popularly known as ghost cars. They were the last trams acquired for the Turku tram network prior to its closure in 1972 built by the Finnish metal industry corporation Valmet in 1956.
 Iso Lele (or Iso Rivolta Lele) was a sports coupé produced by the Italian automobile maker Iso Rivoltabetween 1969 and 1974. The Lele being a 2+2-seater filled the gap between the Grifo and theFidia and shared its powertrain a V8 engine and automatic gearbox from GM(when not manual) with these types.
 The Koolhoven F.K.51 was a 1930s Dutch two-seat basic training biplane built by the Koolhoven Company.
 The second HMS Wivern (D66 later I66) was a Modified W-class destroyer of the British Royal Navy that saw service in World War II.
 SM UC-22 was a German Type UC II minelaying submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. The U-boat was ordered on 26 August 1915 and was launched on 1 February 1916. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 30 June 1916 as SM UC-22. In 15 patrols UC-22 was credited with sinking 23 ships either by torpedo or by mines laid. UC-22 was surrendered to France on 3 February 1919 and was broken up at Landerneau in July 1921.
 The Sikorsky S-40 was an American amphibious flying boat built by Sikorsky in the early 1930s for Pan American World Airways at a cost of $250000 it was the largest commercial airliner of its time and the world's largest amphibious aircraft.
 HMS Verbena was a Flower-class corvette of the Royal Navy during the Second World War. She was launched in 1940 served in the Battle of the Atlantic and was scrapped in 1951.
 HMS Cressy was a Cressy-class armoured cruiser built for the Royal Navy around 1900. Upon completion she was assigned to the China Station. In 1907 she was transferred to the North America and West Indies Station before being placed in reserve in 1909. Recommissioned at the start of World War I she played a minor role in the Battle of Heligoland Bight a few weeks after the beginning of the war.
 Tatsuta (龍田) was an unprotected cruiser of the Imperial Japanese Navy. The name Tatsuta comes from the Tatsuta River near Nara. Tatsuta was used by the Imperial Japanese Navy primarily as an aviso (dispatch boat) used for scouting reconnaissance and delivery of priority messages.
 he Fiat 128 is a small family car marketed by the Italian automotible manufacturer Fiat for model years 1969–1985 in two- and four-door sedan three- and five-door wagon as well as two-door and three-door coupes (128SL/128 3P) variants. Rather than a sport or convertible model carrying the 128 nameplate the 128 running gear and engine were reconfigured for a mid-engined layout and marketed as the Fiat X1/9.
 The World is a private residential cruise ship serving as a residential community owned by its residents. The Residents from about 19 different countries live on board as the ship travels the globe—staying in most ports approximately three days. Some people live on board full time while others visit periodically throughout the year.
 The Airbus A320neo family is a family of aircraft under development by Airbus replacing the predecessor A320 family (now A320ceo (current engine option)). The letters neo stand for New Engine Option and are the last step of the modernisation programme A320 Enhanced (or A320E) which was started in 2006.
 GTS Celebrity Infinity is a Millennium Class cruise ship owned and operated by Celebrity Cruises. She was launched in 2001 as Infinity and renamed Celebrity Infinity in 2007. During the summer cruising season she cruises Alaska and during the winter cruising season South America including Chile Argentina Panama and Uruguay. From 2013 she will sail the Norwegian Fjords and British Isles between fall and spring she sails to South America and the Panama Canal.
 The Goupy No.2 was an experimental aircraft designed by Ambroise Goupy and Mario Calderara and built in France in 1909 at the Blériot factory at Buc. The Goupy No.2 is significant for two major and influential innovations in aircraft design: it was the first tractor configuration biplane to fly and the first biplane to feature staggered wings.
 HMAS Ballarat (J184) named for the city of Ballarat Victoria was one of 60 Bathurst class corvettes constructed during World War II and one of 20 built for the Admiralty but manned by personnel of and commissioned into the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).
 The New Zealand J class were steam locomotives with the wheel arrangement of 2-6-0 that were built in 1874 to operate on the railway network of New Zealand. They should not be confused with the more famous J class of 1939. The original J class was the first class of locomotive in New Zealand to have a tender; all previous classes were tank engines.
 Empire Austen was a 7027 ton cargo ship which was built in 1942. She was renamed Frinton in 1949 Freecrest in 1951 Fairwater in 1955 and APJ Usha in 1961. She was scrapped in 1962.
 The Akaflieg Stuttgart FS-29 TF is a glider designed and built in Germany from 1972.
 The SEAT 124 is a mid-sized family car produced by the Spanish manufacturer SEAT in its Barcelona Zona Franca and Landaben Pamplona plants between 1968 and 1980. The car was very successful in Spain having sold 896136 units and was produced in both the 4-door and station wagon (Familiar) versions under various engines and trim levels.
 HMNZS Rotoiti (P3569) is a Protector-class inshore patrol boat of the Royal New Zealand Navy. These boats perform border and fishery protection patrols.She was fitted out in Whangarei and on 20 November 2007 started contractor sea trials. After delays due to problems with gear and fittings she was commissioned on 17 April 2009 and arrived at the Devonport Naval Base for the first time on 24 April 2009.
 HSS Discovery is a high-speed ferry owned by Albamar Shipping Company. It is a member of the HSS 1500 class of high-speed ferries built for and designed by Stena Line from 1996 onwards. The vessel was previously named Stena Discovery and operated for Stena Line between Harwich International Port in the United Kingdom and Hoek van Holland in The Netherlands.
 USS Pomfret (SS-391) a Balao-class submarine was a ship of the United States Navy named for the pomfret a fish of the seabream family; a powerful and speedy swimmer capable of operating at great depths.Pomfret was laid down 14 July 1943 and launched 27 October 1943 by the Portsmouth Navy Yard in Kittery Maine sponsored by Miss Marilyn Maloney daughter of Senator Francis Maloney; and commissioned 19 February 1944 Commander Frank C. Acker in command.
 The WAGR Dm class was a type of 4-6-4T tank engine used by the Western Australian Government Railways from 1945. It was based on the earlier D class but differed significantly in the addition of large boiler-length side tanks and was built by converting older E Class tender locomotives. The Dm Class served on suburban workings around Perth until the end of steam of Western Australia's railways.
 The Yakovlev Yak-16 (NATO reporting name Cork) was a Soviet light transport that first flew in 1947. Prototypes were built in both passenger and military cargo versions but neither was put into production as the Antonov An-2 was felt to be more versatile.
 The South African Class GL 4-8-2+2-8-4 of 1929 is a South African steam locomotive from the South African Railways era.During 1929 and 1930 the South African Railways placed eight Class GL Garratt articulated steam locomotives with a 4-8-2+2-8-4 Double Mountain wheel arrangement in service. Constructed at Beyer Peacock and Company's Gorton Foundry they were originally designed to work on the Durban to Cato Ridge section of the Natal mainline.
 Timblo-class patrol crafts are a series of 30 watercraft being built by Timblo Drydocks Private Limited Goa for the Indian Coast Guard.
 The Nobska was a steamship that plied the waters of Nantucket sound as part of The Woods Hole Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket Steamship Authority's fleet between 1925 and 1973 as a ferry. She was eventually scrapped in 2006 despite efforts to save her.
 The Mazda Titan is a commercial truck produced by Japanese automaker Mazda since 1971. From the fourth and sixth generation model the vehicle had become a rebadged Isuzu Elf truck.
 USS Richey (DE-385) was an Edsall-class destroyer escort built for the U.S. Navy during World War II. She served in the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean and provided destroyer escort protection against submarine and air attack for Navy vessels and convoys. She was named in honor of ensign Joseph Lee Richey who was killed 7 December 1941 during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
 USS Presidio (APA-88) was a Gilliam-class attack transport acquired by the U.S. Navy for service in World War II. She had the ability to hold a full battalion of troops and disembark them in her landing craft.
 Not to be confused with the Airborne Command Post version of the Mil Mi-6.The Mil Mi-22 was a single-engined helicopter project of the 1960s. It was similar in size and shape to the Mil Mi-2 and had problems with planned engine configuration (first W-2 config.). Later schematics interested the Russian military by illustrations of higher-capacity engine configuration 10A GTD-940 kW to be precise (next W-20 config.) and had an improved fuselage unlike the earlier Mil Mi-2.
 USS Sibyl (1863) was a wooden-hull steamer outfitted with heavy guns purchased by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. Sibyl was used by the Union Navy primarily as a dispatch boat in the blockade of ports and waterways of the Confederate States of America. She carried messages (dispatches) between ships and shore; but with her heavy guns she was also prepared to act as a gunboat if the need presented itself.
 USS Elk (1863) was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Union Navy as a convoy and patrol vessel on Confederate waterways.
 The B4 class were 4-4-0 steam locomotives for express passenger work on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway. They were designed by R. J. Billinton and were either built at Brighton works 1899–1902 or else by Messrs Sharp Stewart and Company in 1901. Twelve members of the class were rebuilt from 1922–1924 by L. B. Billinton with a larger boiler cylinders and a superheater. The rebuilt locomotives were classified B4X.
 The Kreutzer Air Coach is an American-built light trimotor transport aircraft of the late 1920s.
 The Europe Sails Special Dimensione is an Austrian high-wing single-place hang glider that was designed and produced by Europe Sails.
 The Piaggio P.2 was an Italian fighter prototype of advanced design built by Piaggio in 1923.
 HMS Pactolus was a Pelorus class cruiser of the Royal Navy. There were eleven Third class protected cruisers in the class which was designed by Sir William White. While well armed for their size they were primarily workhorses for the overseas fleet on “police” duties and did not serve with the main battlefleet.
 The Enterprize is a replica Topsail Schooner built in Melbourne Australia. It is currently operated by a not-for-profit group for the purpose of providing the people of Melbourne with a means of experiencing nineteenth century sailing and the city's history.
 The Arado SD I was a fighter biplane developed in Germany in the 1920s. It was intended to equip the clandestine air force that Germany was assembling at Lipetsk. The layout owed something to designer Walter Rethel's time with Fokker. Of conventional configuration the SD I featured a welded steel tube frame metal-covered ahead of the cockpit and fabric-covered aft.
 HMS Tudor was a British submarine of the third group of the T class. She was built as P326 at Devonport Dockyard and launched on 23 September 1942. So far she has been the only ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name Tudor after the Tudor period or Tudor dynasty.
 The Brochet MB.100 was a three-seat light aircraft developed in France in the early 1950s. It was a further derivative of the Brochet MB.70 using essentially the same airframe as the MB.80 but with a revised tail and cabin the latter now including a third seat. The Service de l'Aviation Légère et Sportive purchased several examples for distribution to French aeroclubs including a number of tropicalised versions for use in North Africa.
 The Tariq-class destroyers are ex-Royal Navy Type 21 frigates acquired by the Pakistan Navy from the United Kingdom in 1993-94.
 USS Wyoming (SSBN-742) is a United States Navy Ohio-class ballistic missile submarine which has been in commission since 1996. She is the fourth U.S. Navy ship to be named USS Wyoming although it was only the third named after the state of Wyoming.
 The Murphy JDM-8 is a Canadian single-seat ultralight monoplane designed by Daryl Murphy. The type was intended to be sold as a kit for home construction by Murphy Aircraft of Chilliwack British Columbia.The designation indicates the designer's initials J. Daryl Murphy and his eighth design.
 Amphibious Command Ships (LCC) in the United States Navy are large special purpose ships originally designed to command large amphibious invasions. However as amphibious invasions have become unlikely they are now used as general command ships and serve as floating headquarters for the various combatant commands. Currently they are assigned to the 6th and 7th fleets as flagships.
 The Kawasaki KE100 is a dual-sport motorcycle that was produced by Kawasaki from 1976 to 2001. A direct successor to the G5 the major changes on the KE100 were different ergonomics and a change in transmission layout (1-N-2-3-4-5 to the G5's N-1-2-3-4-5). The KE100 did not change much through the years although minor changes were made to the engine and transmission over successive model years as well as a switch to different tanks after the B4 model.
 The Mooney M22 Mustang is the first attempt at a pressurized single engine aircraft by the Mooney Aircraft Company of the United States.
 See also 1955 Ford Ford Crown VictoriaFord's 1954 Crestline Skyliner was replaced in 1955 by the Fairlane Crown Victoria Skyliner based on the new 1955 Ford design. It shared the flashy chrome basket handle which stretched the B-pillar across the roof of the 1955 Crown Victoria model but added a smoked acrylic glass window over the front seat area.
 The SS Vienna was built in 1873 during the era when steamers were built with sail rigging. She had a 19 year career marked with maritime incidents including sinking when she was just 3 years old. She sank for her final time in fair weather in Whitefish Bay in Lake Superior after she received a mortal blow when she was inexplicably rammed by the steamer Nipigon.
 USS Sarsfield (DD-837) a Gearing-class destroyer was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named after Eugene S. Sarsfield an officer and commander of the Maddox. He disappeared after the sinking of his ship and was presumed dead on 11 July 1943. Sarsfield was laid down on 15 January 1945 by the Bath Iron Works Co. Bath Maine; launched on 27 May 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Eugene S. Sarsfield; and commissioned at Boston Naval Shipyard on 31 July 1945 with Commander Hepburn A.
 USS Nyanza (1863) was a large steamer purchased by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was assigned by the Union Navy to gunship duty in the waterways of the rebellious Confederate States of America.
 The Volvo 200 series is a range of executive cars (mid-size cars in the USA) produced by Volvo from 1974 to 1993 with more than 2.8 million units sold worldwide. The 200 series was essentially an updated version of the 140; both were designed by Jan Wilsgaard. It shared the same body but included a number of mechanical and safety improvements. The 200 replaced the 140 and the 140-based 164 and overlapped production of the Volvo 700 series introduced in 1982.
 The Bellone was an Iphigénie-class 32-gun frigate of the French Navy. She was one of the French ships with a copper-covered hull.
 This article is about a lake steamer in British Columbia. For other uses see Bonnington (disambiguation)Bonnington was a sternwheel steamboat that ran on the Arrow Lakes in British Columbia from 1911 to 1931. Bonnington and two sisterships were the largest sternwheelers ever built in British Columbia. Bonnington was partially dismantled in the 1950s and later sank making the vessel the largest freshwater wreck site in British Columbia.
 The Minerve was a 38-gun Armide class frigate of the French Navy captured by the British in 1806 and brought into Royal Navy service as HMS Alceste. She was wrecked in 1817.
 Royal Fleet Auxiliary ship Maine (formerly the SS Panama) was a hospital ship of the British Royal Fleet Auxiliary that served during World War II.The third and longest serving ship to bear the name was originally launched as the SS Panama in 1902. She was purchased by the Admiralty in 1920 for use as a hospital ship with the Mediterranean Fleet. She entered service after conversion in 1922 and was mainly based at Malta although in 1926 she spent a period on the China Station.
 The Max Plan PF.204 Busard was a French-built light sporting monoplane of the early 1950s.
 The Dupuy de Lôme (A759) named after the 19th century engineer Henri Dupuy de Lôme is a ship designed for the collection of signals and communications beyond enemy lines which entered the service of the French Navy in April 2006.
 The NVI F.K.29 was a small Dutch biplane transport carrying two passengers who boarded after the nose with its single engine and fuselage had been swung open. It was intended to link small local fields to main airports.
 USS Achelous (ARL-1) was one of 39 tank landing ships converted into landing craft repair ships for service in the United States Navy during World War II. The lead ship in her class she was named for the Greek god Achelous the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.She was laid down as the unnamed LST-10 on 15 August 1942 at Pittsburgh Pennsylvania by the Dravo Corporation; launched on 25 November 1942; sponsored by Mrs. George F.
 USS Puffer (SSN-652) a Sturgeon-class attack submarine was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the pufferfish a fish which inflates its body with air.
 Berkshire No. 7 is a wood and steel barge measuring 104 feet (32 m) long with a 20 feet (6.1 m) beam. It was constructed in 1935 by Jacobson and Peterson Inc. in Brooklyn New York for Stewart J. Dailey. In the spring of 1974 one of the barges Berkshire No. 7 Priscilla Dailey or the Elmer S. Dailey began to take on water and took down the other two connected barges.
 The USCGC Kathleen Moore is the ninth Sentinel-class cutter Bollinger shipyards delivered to the United States Coast Guard.She was delivered to the Coast Guard for pre-commissioning testing on March 28 2014.The first six cutters are home-ported in Miami Florida.The second six cutters including the Kathleen Moore will be home-ported in Key West Florida.
 Holden HZ is a full-sized automobile which was produced in Australia between October 1977 and 1980 by General Motors-Holden's Ltd in a variety of equipment levels and in several different bodystyles. It was also assembled in New Zealand.
 USS Omaha (SSN-692) a Los Angeles-class submarine was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for Omaha Nebraska. The contract to build her was awarded to the Electric Boat Division of General Dynamics Corporation in Groton Connecticut on 31 January 1971 and her keel was laid down on 27 January 1973. She was launched on 21 February 1976 sponsored by Mrs. Roman L. Hruska and commissioned on 11 March 1978 with Commander Ted A.
 The Toyota Celica /ˈsɛlɨkə/ is a sports compact car which was produced by the Japanese company Toyota from 1970 to 2006. The Celica name was ultimately derived from the Latin word coelica meaning heavenly or celestial. In Japan the Celica was exclusive to Toyota Japanese dealerships Toyota Corolla Store.Throughout its life span the Celica has been powered by various four-cylinder engines.
 USS John P. Gray (APD-74) ex-DE-673 was a United States Navy high-speed transport in commission from 1944 to 1946.
 USS Tatum (DE-789/APD-81) was a Buckley-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy named for Lieutenant Commander Laurice Aldridge Tatum (1894–1942).Tatum was laid down by the Consolidated Steel Corp. on 22 April 1943; launched on 7 August 1943 sponsored by Mrs. Cecile Cofield Tatum and commissioned on 22 November 1943 Lt. Comdr. William C. D. Bellinger USN in command.
 The North American FJ-1 Fury was the first operational jet aircraft in United States Navy service and was developed by North American Aviation as the NA-135. The FJ-1 was an early transitional jet of limited success which carried over similar tail surfaces wing and canopy derived from the piston-engined P-51D Mustang.
 Space launch vehicle Volna (wave in Russian) is a converted SLBM used for launching artificial satellites into orbit. It is based on the R-29R designed by State Rocket Center Makayev and related to the Shtil' Launch Vehicle . The Volna is a 3 stage launch vehicle that uses liquid propellant. The warhead section is used for the payloads that can be either put into orbit with the help of an additional boost engine or travel along a sub-orbital trajectory to be recovered at the landing site.
 SS Glentworth was a shelter deck cargo steamship built in 1920 by Hawthorn Leslie & Co. in Newcastle-upon-Tyne England for R.S. Dalgliesh and Dalgliesh Steam Shipping Co. Ltd. also of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.
 The SM-65A Atlas or Atlas A also designated X-11 was the first full-scale prototype of the Atlas missile which first flew on 11 June 1957. Unlike later versions of the Atlas missile the Atlas A did not feature the stage and a half design. Instead the booster engines were fixed in place and the sustainer engine was omitted.The Atlas A conducted eight test flights of which four were successful.
 The Stad Amsterdam (City of Amsterdam) is a three-masted clipper that was built in Amsterdam the Netherlands in 2000 at the Damen Shipyard.The ship was designed by Gerard Dijkstra who modelled her after the mid-19th century frigate Amsterdam but she is not a replica. A major difference is that the hull is made of steel.
 P29 was a Kondor I-class patrol boat built by Peenewerft shipyard to patrol the river banks between the East and West Germany and then was also used as a minesweeper for the East German Navy under the name Boltenhagen. In 1992 it became a patrol boat of the Maritime Squadron of the Armed Forces of Malta.
 The Hyundai Dynasty is a premium executive sedan that debuted in 1996. The features of the Dynasty were electronically controlled suspension dual climate control and power memory seats (front and rear). In order to differentiate the Dynasty from its platform-shared Grandeur Hyundai used a different badge (stylized D logo) for Dynasty. The Hyundai Dynasty was produced in Ulsan South Korea and it was discontinued in 2005.
 USS Albany (SSN-753) a Los Angeles-class submarine was the fifth ship of the United States Navy to be named for Albany New York. The contract to build her was awarded to Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company in Newport News Virginia on 29 November 1983 and her keel was laid down on 22 April 1985. She was launched on 13 June 1987 sponsored by Nancy M. Kissinger wife of Henry Kissinger and was commissioned on 7 April 1990 with Commander Darl R.
 The second USS Fresno (CL-121) was a United States Navy Juneau-class light cruiser launched on 5 March 1946 by Federal Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company of Kearny New Jersey sponsored by Mrs. Ruth R. Martin; and commissioned on 27 November 1946 with Captain Elliott Bowman Strauss in command. She was reclassified CLAA-121 on 18 March 1949.
 In 1995 Nissan reintroduced the 200SX nameplate in United States and Canada to designate a two-door version of the Nissan Sentra (B14 chassis a front wheel drive car) known in Japan and Mexico as Lucino replacing the Sentra coupe and Nissan NX (discontinued in 1993). The 200SX came in base SE and sportier SE-R models. All shared their front-end appearance front-drive chassis dashboard and many dimensions with the Nissan Sentra (Japanese: Nissan Lucino).
 The Blackburn B-7 was a single-engine two/three-seat biplane built to a British Air Ministry specification for a general-purpose multitasking aircraft. It first flew in 1934 but no contracts were issued and only one aircraft was completed.
 The KTM 200 Duke is a standard motorcycle made by KTM available in Europe Australia Nepal Hong Kong India Korea Japan Thailand Malaysia Singapore and Colombia. It has a single-cylinder 4-stroke spark-ignition liquid-cooled engine. For the Indian market as well as for the global market the bike is completely manufactured in Bajaj Auto's facility at Chakan near Pune. In Colombia is being assembled in by the company Auteco S.A.
 USS Cambria (APA-36) was a Bayfield-class attack transport acquired by the U.S. Navy for service in World War II. Cambria was launched 10 November 1942 as SS Sea Swallow by the Western Pipe and Steel Company San Francisco California under a Maritime Commission contract; sponsored by Mrs. W. Griffin; acquired by the Navy 4 May 1943; placed in partial commission the same day Lieutenant Commander William S.
 The Nash Metropolitan is a car that was sold initially only in the United States and Canada from 1954–62.It conforms to two classes of vehicle: economy car and subcompact car. In today’s terminology the Metropolitan is a “subcompact” but this category had not yet come into use when the car was made.
 The first USS Orca (SP-726) was a yacht that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1918.Orca was built as the steam yacht Monaloa by George Lawley & Son Neponset Massachusetts. Later renamed Orca she was commissioned into the U.S. Navy for World War I service on 8 May 1917 with Boatswain F. D. Grassie in command and was formally purchased by the United States Government from S. W.
 The RMS Moldavia was a passenger steamship owned by the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company. She was launched on 28 March 1903 and travelled the England — Australia route via the Suez Canal.The Moldavia was purchased by the Admiralty in 1915 and converted into an armed merchant cruiser. She was torpedoed and sunk on 23 May 1918 off Beachy Head in the English Channel by a single torpedo from the German Type UB III submarine SM UB-57.
 HNLMS Pelikaan (A804) is a logistic support vessel of the Royal Netherlands Navy. The ship was built and designed specially for the Caribbean Sea and is permanently based at Curaçao. She entered service on 12 June 2006. The vessel has the Det Norske Veritas (DNV) Classification 1A1 E0 NAUT-OC ICS CRANE.
 SM U-58 was one of the 329 submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy in World War I.U-58 was engaged in the naval warfare and took part in the First Battle of the Atlantic. The boat was sunk with the loss of two men and the capture of the rest of the crew in the Action of 17 November 1917.
 HMS Saxifrage was launched in 1918 as a Flower-class anti-submarine Q-ship. She was renamed HMS President in 1922 and moored permanently on the Thames as a Royal Navy Reserve drill ship. In 1982 she was sold to private owners and having changed hands twice now serves as a venue for conferences and functions and serves as the offices for a number of media companies.
 The Hyūga-class helicopter destroyer (ひゅうが型護衛艦 Hyūga-gata-goei-kan ) is a type of helicopter carrier built for the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF). Two ships of the class were built to replace the two 7000-ton Haruna-class helicopter destroyers. The new ships are the largest combatant ship operated by Japan since the Imperial Japanese Navy was superseded by the JMSDF. The first ship in the class Hyūga was commissioned on March 18 2009 and stationed in Yokosuka near Tokyo.
 The Greek Frigate Psara (F-454) (Greek Φ/Γ Ψαρά) is the third ship of the Greek Hydra frigate class. It is based on the Blohm + Voss MEKO 200 frigate class and was buil by Hellenic Shipyards Co.
 The Bell X-2 (nicknamed Starbuster) was a research aircraft built to investigate flight characteristics in the Mach 2–3 range. (The term Starbuster is seldom if ever found in contemporary accounts.)The X-2 was a rocket-powered swept-wing research aircraft developed jointly in 1945 by Bell Aircraft Corporation the U.S.
 The Midland Railway 480 Class was a class of double framed 0-6-0 steam locomotive designed by Matthew Kirtley for the Midland Railway of Britain. They were built between 1863 and 1868.
 The Mercedes-Benz 260 D was one of the first two diesel engined series produced passenger cars. The other was the diesel version of the Hanomag Rekord. Both were introduced at the Berlin Motor Show in February 1936. The 260 D was named in reference to its engine's cubic capacity. Nearly 2000 vehicles were assembled until 1940 after which the Daimler-Benz group had to devote itself almost entirely to military manufacture.
 Jason is a remotely operated vehicle (ROV) designed and built by WHOI’s Deep Submergence Laboratory to allow scientists to have access to the seafloor without leaving the deck of a ship.Jason is a two-body ROV system. A 10-kilometer (6-mile) electro-optical-mechanical tether delivers electrical power and commands from the ship through Medea and down to Jason which then returns data and live video imagery.
 The Great Western Railway Pyracmon Class were 0-6-0 broad gauge steam locomotives for goods train work. This class was introduced into service between November 1847 and April 1848 and withdrawn between August 1871 and December 1873.
 USS Accentor (LCI(L)-652/LSIL-652/AMCU-15) was an LCI(L)-351-class landing craft infantry in the service of the United States Navy named after the accentor bird.She was laid down as the unnamed LCI(L)-652 on 10 June 1944 at Barber New Jersey by New Jersey Shipbuilding launched on 13 July 1944 and commissioned on 19 July 1944.After shakedown training during the summer of 1944 the large infantry landing craft joined the Pacific Fleet.
 USS Manderson Victory (AK-230) was a Boulder Victory-class cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She served in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations through the end of the war earning one battle star and then returned to the United States for disposal.
 Robin Hood was a tea clipper built by Alexander Hall and Sons in Aberdeen Scotland in 1856. The ship’s best known commander was Capt. Cobb. The ship is remembered for a 107 day passage to San Francisco.
 USS Keokuk (YTB-771) is a United States Navy Natick-class large district harbor tug named for Keokuk Iowa and the third navy ship to carry the name.
 The E6 series (E6系) is a Japanese Shinkansen high-speed train type operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) on Komachi mini-shinkansen services on the Tohoku Shinkansen and Akita Shinkansen from Tokyo to Akita since 16 March 2013. A pre-production set was delivered in June 2010 for extensive testing with 23 full-production sets delivered between November 2012 and spring 2014.
 The Bücker Bü 133 Jungmeister (Young master) was an advanced trainer of the Luftwaffe in the 1930s. It was a single-engine single-seat biplane of wood and tubular steel construction and covered in fabric.
 HMS Duncan was a D-class destroyer leader built for the Royal Navy in the early 1930s. The ship was initially assigned to the Mediterranean Fleet before she was transferred to the China Station in early 1935 where she remained until mid-1939. Duncan returned to the Mediterranean Fleet just after World War II began in September 1939.
 English Electric EL.100 (Polish designations EP01 EL.100 E100 and E01) was a class of electric locomotives used by the Polish State Railways. Originally built and designed by English Electric as a line engine it was used in Poland mainly for shunting as a supplemental engine to ferry steam locomotives across the Warsaw Cross-City Line tunnel between Pruszków and Otwock. It was the first electric locomotive used in Poland.
 The second USS Kanawha was a screw-powered steamer that served in the United States Navy in 1898 during the Spanish-American War.Kanawha was built in 1896 by Charles L. Seabury and Company Nyack on Hudson New York. The U.S. Navy purchased her from John P. Duncan on 7 June 1898 for use in the Spanish-American War and armed her. She commissioned as USS Kanawha at the New York Navy Yard New York New York on 26 July 1898 Lieutenant Frank F.
 MV B. P. Newton was a Norwegian tanker built in 1940 and sunk by German submarine off South America in July 1943.
 The Fisher FP-202 Koala and Super Koala are a family of Canadian single and two seat high wing conventional landing gear single engined light kit aircraft designed for construction by amateur builders. Both aircraft were inspired by the design of the Piper J-3 Cub and strongly resemble that design.Fisher Flying Products was originally based in Edgeley North Dakota USA but the company is now located in Woodbridge Ontario Canada.
 HMS Achilles was an armoured frigate built for the Royal Navy in the 1860s. Upon completion in 1864 she was assigned to the Channel Fleet. The ship was paid off in 1868 to refit and be re-armed. When she recommissioned in 1869 she was assigned as the guard ship of the Fleet Reserve in the Portland District until 1874. Achilles was refitted and re-armed again in 1874 and became the guard ship of the Liverpool District in 1875.
 HMCS Sorel was a Flower-class corvette that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. She served primarily in the Battle of the Atlantic as an ocean escort. She is named for Sorel Quebec.
 USS Thresher (SS-200) a Tambor-class submarine was the first United States Navy ship to be named for the thresher shark. Her keel was laid down 27 May 1939 at the Electric Boat Company of Groton Connecticut. She was launched on 27 March 1940 sponsored by Mrs. Claude A. Jones and commissioned on 27 August 1940 with Lieutenant Commander William Lovett Anderson (Annapolis Class of 1926) in command.
 The Chevrolet Series BA Confederate (or Chevrolet Confederate) is an American vehicle manufactured by General Motors' Chevrolet division in 1932 to replace the 1931 Series AE Independence. Production slipped significantly from over 600000 cars to 313395 as the Great Depression continued but was still sufficient for Chevrolet to retain first place in the American car sales table.
 The Beechcraft Model 50 Twin Bonanza was a small twin-engined aircraft designed by Beechcraft as an executive transport for the business market. It was developed to fill a gap in Beechcraft's product line between the single-engined Model 35 Bonanza and the larger Model 18. The Twin Bonanza is about 50% larger than the Bonanza has more powerful engines and is significantly heavier while in its earliest form having only half the passenger capacity of the Model 18.
 USS Endurance (AMc-77) was an Accentor-class minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.
 The SAS Drakensberg (A301) is a fleet replenishment ship (AOR) of the South African Navy with the primary role of assisting and supporting the SAN's combat vessels at sea. Built by the (now defunct) Sandock Austral shipyard in Durban it is the largest and most sophisticated warship to have been built in South Africa.
 The Porsche 914-6 GT was a race car built and sold collaboratively by Volkswagen and Porsche.
 USCGC General Greene (WPC/WSC/WMEC-140) was a 125 ft (38 m) United States Coast Guard Active-class patrol boat in commission from 1927 to 1968 and the fourth cutter to bear the name of the famous Revolutionary War general Nathanael Greene. She served during the Rum Patrol World War II and into the 1960s performing defense law enforcement ice patrol and search and rescue missions.
 The Mercedes-Benz 300 SEL 6.3 is a luxury car built by Mercedes Benz from 1968 to 1972.
 The Zotye 2008 is a small 5-door SUV produced by Zotye Auto in Zhejiang China. A facelifted version is sold as the Zotye 5008 and is known in export markets as Nomad and Hunter.
 The Douglas A-33 (Model 8A-5) was an updated version of the Northrop A-17 for the export market with a more powerful engine and increased bomb load.
 USNS Wheeling (T-AGM-8) was a Wheeling-class missile range instrumentation ship acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1962 and converted from her Victory ship cargo configuration to a missile tracking ship a role she retained for a number of years before being sunk as a target by Harpoon missiles on 12 July 1981.
 The Lima-Hamilton 2500 horsepower Transfer locomotive (sometimes referred to by its Specification Number A-3177 or the railfan designation LT-2500) was a diesel-electric transfer-unit locomotive built by the Lima Locomotive Works between 1950 and 1951. The LT-2500 was the final locomotive model produced by Lima-Hamilton before the company merged with the Baldwin Locomotive Works in 1951. All twenty-two units were purchased by the Pennsylvania Railroad.
 The Altoona Works BP4 is a 1350 hp (1010 kW) B-B battery-electric locomotive rebuilt by the Altoona Works of the Norfolk Southern railroad. It is the result of a conversion of an existing EMD GP38-type locomotive.
 SS York was a small steamer that was used to haul freight on Okanagan Lake and Skaha Lake. The York was built in 1902 by Bertram Iron Works of Toronto and assembled at Okanagan Landing. She was pre-fabricated with a steel hull and was twin-screw-driven. She was a small vessel in comparison to the many other ships on the lake; the York was only 88 by 16 feet (27 by 4.9 metres). The York was capable of moving 134 tons in freight.
 The Sigma is an experimental glider developed in Britain from 1966 by a team led by Nicholas Goodhart. After disappointing performance during flight testing the Sigma was passed on to a Canadian group which carried out modifications making the Sigma more competitive.
 The USCGC Duane (WPG-33/WAGC-6/WHEC-33) (earlier known as the USCGC William J. Duane) was a cutter in the United States Coast Guard. Her keel was laid on May 1 1935 at the Philadelphia Navy Yard Philadelphia Pennsylvania. She was launched on June 3 1936 as a search and rescue and law enforcement vessel.The Treasury class Coast Guard cutters (sometimes referred to as the Secretary or 327-foot class) were all named for former Secretaries of the Treasury Department.
 The Fiat 527 is a passenger car produced by Fiat between 1934 and 1936. The 527 was a six-cylinder version of 518 Ardita also known as Ardita 2500. This car was built only with a full-length sedan chassis having a wheelbase of 3170 mm (124.8 in).The 527 was not assembled outside Italy. Approximately 1000 were produced.
 Australian Hospital Ship (AHS) Centaur was a hospital ship which was attacked and sunk by a Japanese submarine off the coast of Queensland Australia on 14 May 1943. Of the 332 medical personnel and civilian crew aboard 268 died including 11 of the 12 nurses aboard.The Scottish-built vessel was launched in 1924 as a combination passenger liner/freighter and operated a trade route between Western Australia and Singapore via Indonesia carrying passengers cargo and livestock.
 The 2250 class are a class of diesel locomotives rebuilt by Queensland Rail's Redbank Workshops in 2004.
 The Lawson L-4 was the last in a series of Lawson biplane airliners designed and built by the Alfred Lawson under the livery of the Lawson Airplane Company of Milwaukee Wisconsin. The largest of the series it designed for long distant flights. Completed in 1920 but never flew crashing on its initial takeoff.
 Infanta was a 74-gun ship of the line of the Spanish Navy launched in 1750.She was captured by the Royal Navy on 13 August 1762 and commissioned as the third rate HMS Infanta. She was sold out of the navy in 1775.
 The Bâtiment de Transport Léger (Light ferry ship) are small landing ships of the French Navy. They have been used for regional transport and patrol needs in French Overseas Departments and Territories since the 1970s. On 9 January 2014 it was announced that the two remaining Batrals in French service would be replaced in 2015/16 by three 1500-tonne Bâtiments Multimission (B2M) at a cost of ~€100m (US$136m).
 The Neptune is a ship replica of a 17th-century Spanish galleon. The ship was built in 1985 for Roman Polanski's film Pirates where she portrayed the Spanish ship of the same name. An accurate replica above the waterline but sporting a steel hull and a 400 HP auxiliary engine the Neptune is currently a tourist attraction in the port of Genoa where its interior can be visited for a 5 euro entry fee.
 Locomotive Duplex was an experimental 4-cylinder steam locomotive designed by John Haswell of the Austrian State Railway Works at Vienna and built in 1861. It was exhibited at the International Exhibition of 1862 and was then used on the line from Praha to Podmokly (part of Děčín today) where it worked till 1900. Praha (Prague) was the capital of Bohemia which became part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire in 1867.
 USS Klamath — a single-turreted twin-screw monitor of the United States Navy — was launched 20 April 1865 by S. T. Hambleton & Co. Cincinnati OH under subcontract with Alexander Swift & Co. also of Cincinnati OH. She was delivered to the Navy on 6 May 1866 but was never commissioned and saw no service. Klamath was a Casco-class light-draft monitor intended for service in the shallow bays rivers and inlets of the Confederacy.
 SS Marcus Daly was a liberty ship built by the Kaiser Shipyards at their Permanente No.1 yard at Richmond California and launched on 24 July 1943.
 The Lightship Finngrundet is a lightvessel built in 1903 and now a museum ship moored in Stockholm Sweden.She was the second Finngrundet lightvessel built in Gävle Sweden in 1903 and replacing one dating from 1859.
 USS San Diego (AFS-6) was a Mars-class combat stores ship acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1968. She served the U.S. Atlantic Fleet until decommissioned in 1993. She then was redesignated as a United States Naval Ship assigned to the Military Sealift Command and served in a non-commissioned status with a mostly civilian crew as USNS San Diego (T-AFS-6) until 1997.
 St Florentine was a 60-gun ship of the line of the French Navy.She was captured by the Royal Navy on 4 April 1759 and commissioned as the fourth rate HMS St Florentine.St Florentine was sunk as a breakwater in 1771.
 The Airbus A318 is the smallest member of the Airbus A320 family of short- to medium-range narrow-body commercial passenger jet airliners manufactured by Airbus Industrie. The A318 carries up to 132 passengers and has a maximum range of 3100 nmi (5700 km; 3600 mi).
 The 3X55 Trener (Trainer) and 3X47 Ultra are a family of ultralight civil aircraft produced in Poland by the 3Xtrim Aircraft Factory. Both are two-seat high-wing strut-braced monoplanes with fixed tricycle undercarriage and available only as completed aircraft.
 MS Jutlandia (lat.: Jutland) was contracted by and built for the East Asiatic Company (EAC) in 1934 as a combined passenger and cargo ship at EAC's Nakskov Shipyard Denmark. Following an extended operational life in which she also served as a hospital ship and a royal yacht she was finally decommissioned in 1965.
 USS Wahoo (SS-518) a Tench-class submarine. Her construction was authorized but the contract for her construction was cancelled on 29 August 1944. The name Wahoo was reassigned to SS-516 which had already been laid down.
 The GNS Stephen Otu is a Chamsuri-class offshore patrol vessel built by Hyundai Hanjin and Korea Tacoma for the Republic of Korea Navy. In 2011 control of the Stephen Otu known in the South Korean Navy as the PKM 237 was transferred to the Ghanaian Navy.
 The Curtiss Falcon is a family of military biplane aircraft built by the United States aircraft manufacturer Curtiss Aeroplane and Motor Company during the 1920s. Most saw service as part of the United States Army Air Corps as observation aircraft with the designations O-1 and O-11 or as the attack aircraft designated the A-3 Falcon. U.S. Navy variants were used initially as fighter-bombers with the designation F8C Falcon then as the first U.S.
 HMAS Grantala was a hospital ship operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) during World War I. She was launched in 1903 by Armstrong Whitworth Company Newcastle upon Tyne as Grantala for the Adelaide Steamship Company. The ship operated in Australian waters from 1904 and was requisitioned by the RAN on 7 August 1914. She was returned to her owners in 1915 sold and renamed Figuig and was later scrapped in 1934.
 The Boisavia B-80 Chablis was French light sport aircraft of the 1950s.
 The DeKi 400 (デキ400形 deki 400 gata) was an electric locomotive built by Nippon Sharyo for Aichi Electric Railroad and introduced in 1930.
 The Pilatus SB-2 Pelican was a civil utility aircraft developed by the newly formed Pilatus Aircraft company during World War II.
 The Famà Kiss 209M is an Italian ultralight two seat helicopter built from composite materials around a steel frame and with an optional retractable undercarriage.
 HMS Triumph was a 90-gun second rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched at Chatham Dockyard in 1698. She was renamed HMS Prince in 1714.On 13 December 1742 Prince was ordered to be taken to pieces and rebuilt at Chatham according to the 1741 proposals of the 1719 Establishment. She was relaunched on 8 August 1750.Prince continued to serve until 1773 when she was broken up.
 PKP class Ol49 was a class of ordinary passenger (O) 2-6-2 (l) steam engine designed in 1949 and used in Poland by the Polskie Koleje Państwowe (Polish State Railways) (PKP). A total of 116 were built between 1951 and 1954 112 for the PKP and four for export to North Korea by Fablok in Chrzanów. They replaced the older Ok1 and Ok22.Several examples are still in use based out of Wolsztyn while others have been mounted at various locations across Poland.
 HNLMS Johan Maurits van Nassau (Dutch: Hr.Ms. Johan Maurits van Nassau) named after John Maurice of Nassau was a Dutch gunboat that served in the early part of World War II when it was sunk. She was the sole ship of her class which was developed from the earlier Flores-class.
 The Ford Explorer is a sport utility vehicle produced by the American manufacturer Ford since 1990. It is manufactured in Chicago Illinois. It was also assembled in Hazelwood Missouri until the plant closed on March 10 2006. The Ford Explorer went on to become one of the most popular sport utility vehicles on the road. The model years through 2010 were traditional body-on-frame mid-size SUVs.
 The SNCF 141 R is a class of 2-8-2 steam locomotives of the Société Nationale des Chemins de fer Français (French State Railways). They were used all over the French rail network from 1945–1974.
 RFA Bacchus (A404) was a stores ship of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary (RFA). She was the third ship to bear this name.Built by Henry Robb of Leith for the British-India Steam Navigation Company (later P & O) and operated by the RFA on a long-term bareboat charter.
 The first USS Wampanoag was a screw frigate in the United States Navy built during the American Civil War.
 The Arabis class was the third class of minesweeping sloops and the largest building project completed under the Emergency War Programme for the Royal Navy in World War I. They were part of the larger Flower Class which were also referred to as the Cabbage Class or Herbaceous Borders. The ships were also used outside their minesweeping duties as patrol vessels tugs and personnel and cargo transports.The design for the Arabis class was made at the end of 1914.
 The Railton Special later rebuilt as the Railton Mobil Special is a one-off motor vehicle built for John Cobb's successful attempts at the land speed record. It was powered by two supercharged Napier Lion VIID (WD) W-12 aircraft engines. These engines were the gift of Marion 'Joe' Carstairs who had previously used them in her powerboat Estelle V.
 The Tripartite class is a class of mine warfare vessel used by the navies of Belgium France and the Netherlands as well as Pakistan Indonesia Latvia and Bulgaria.
 The Lautaro was initially the British East Indiaman Windham built by Perry Wells & Green at the Blackwall Shipyard for the East India Company (EIC) and launched in 1800. She made six voyages to India and China for the EIC. In 1809-10 the French captured her twice but the British also recaptured her twice. The Chilean Navy bought her in 1818 and she then served in the Chilean Navy taking part in several actions during the liberation wars in Chile and Peru.
 The IAR 471 was a 1943 prototype of ground attack aircraft and dive bomber aircraft built by Industria Aeronautică Română.
 HMS Valorous was a 16 gun steam powered paddle frigate of the Royal Navy built at Pembroke Dockyard and launched on 30 April 1851.
 For the BMW 1 Series M Coupe see BMW 1 Series M CoupeFor the BMW Z4 M Coupe see BMW Z4 M CoupeThe BMW M Coupe is a shooting brake coupe styled high-performance automobile produced by BMW. Only two generations of the M Coupe have been manufactured the original E36/8 Z3 Coupe and the second generation E86 Z4 Coupe.
 The Rogožarski SIM-XIV-H (Serbian: Рогожарски СИМ-XIV-Х) was a 1930s Yugoslav coastal reconnaissance floatplane and light bomber twin-engined with three crew members. It was designed and built at the Rogožarski factory in Belgrade.
 Keka class patrol boats are vessels designed by ASC Pty. Ltd. (formerly named Australian Submarine Corporation) originally for the Royal Thai Navy (3 vessels). A second variant series was designed for the Hong Kong Marine Police (6 vessels).
 HMS Lady Shirley (ASW) (also known as HMT Lady Shirley) was a fishing trawler requisitioned by the Royal Navy in 1940 and converted for anti-submarine warfare. In its brief career it sunk one German submarine U-111.
 The F class of US Navy blimps comprised a single airship built during World War I by Goodyear as one of a group of three small blimps offered to the US government. Two were purchased for the US Navy and one for the US Army. The Navy blimps were designated E-1 F-1 and the Army airship A-1. classified as an Experimental Engine Testing Dirigible. F-1 had the same envelope size as the E-1 due to the use of a tractor mounted 125 hp Union engine the performance was different.
 The Van Hool AGG300 is a 25-metre long bi-articulated bus built by Belgian coachbuilder Van Hool.In the 1990s two prototypes were built one of these vehicles still remains in service in Liège and the other (ex-demonstrator) in Angola.In 2001 the AGG300 received an updated front design and became known as the newAGG300. In 2002 GVB of Utrecht ordered 15 buses of this type for lines 11 and 12 which are particularly busy. Utrecht was the first city where these buses were widely used.
 USS Platte (AO-24) was a Cimarron-class oiler serving with the United States Navy named for the 1836 Platte Purchase that included the Platte Rivers in Iowa Missouri and Nebraska. Her memorial in Platte County Missouri honors all four rivers that share the name recorded by Lewis and Clark in 1803. Platte was built by the Bethlehem Steel Company Baltimore Maryland; launched 8 July 1939; sponsored by Mrs. Harold R. Stark; and commissioned at Norfolk Virginia 1 December 1939 Commander P. L.
 The Bellanca 14-7 Cruisair and its successors were a family of single-engined light aircraft manufactured in the United States from the mid-1930s onwards.
 The DR 130 family of locomotives comprises the DR Class 130 (DBAG Class 230) DR Class 131 (DBAG Class 231) DR Class 132 (DBAG Class 232 as well as Classes 233 234 and 241 produced through modifications) and DR Class 142 (DBAG Class 242).They were produced in the Soviet Union in Luhansk Ukraine from the 1970s onwards and were imported into the GDR.
 USS Cleveland (CL-55) was the lead ship and one of the 26 United States Navy Cleveland class light cruisers completed during or shortly after World War II. She was the second ship to be named for the city of Cleveland Ohio.Cleveland was commissioned in June 1942 and saw extensive service in the war in both the Mediterranean and Pacific theaters. Like almost all of her sister ships she was decommissioned shortly after the end of the war and never saw active service again.
 The Messerschmitt P.1095 was a German military aircraft designed by Rudolf Seitz at the end of 1943. The aircraft used the wings cockpit and controls of the Me 262 and the tail surface and landing gear of the Me 309. The design was to be powered by a turbojet engine located under the fuselage and was to be armed with two nose-mounted MK 108 cannons. Two variants were also drawn the Me P.1095/2 and Me P.1095/3: the former had smaller wings while the latter had larger ones.
 The USS Prince (CVE-45) (originally named McClure designated 'AVG-45' then later 'ACV-45') was an escort aircraft carrier laid down on 17 December 1942 by the Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Corporation of Tacoma Washington. She was renamed the Prince on 13 November 1942 and launched on 18 May 1943. She was sponsored by Mrs. J. L.
 The third USS Tillamook (ATA-192) originally USS ATA-192 a United States Navy tug in service from 1945 to 1971.
 The Kawasaki KX 250F is a liquid-cooled DOHC 249 cc (15.2 cu in) four-valve four-stroke single motocross motorcycle made by Kawasaki. The Kawasaki KX250F was co-developed with the Suzuki Motor Co. under their unique joint venture that started in 2002. This joint venture produced the Suzuki RMZ250 which is the mechanical twin to the KX250F but is in yellow Suzuki markings.
 The SIPA S.70 was a late 1940s French eight-passenger light transport aircraft prototype built by Société Industrielle Pour l’Aéronautique (SIPA).
 HMS Eclipse was a Royal Navy Cruizer-class brig-sloop built by John King at Dover and launched in 1807. She served off Portugal and then in the Indian Ocean at the capture of the Île de France. Shortly thereafter she captured Tamatave. She was sold for mercantile service in 1815. She then continued to trade until 1833.
 TSS (RMS) Lady of Mann was a passenger ship built by Vickers Shipbuilding and Engineering for the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company at Barrow-in-Furness in 1930 at a cost of £ 249073 (£13333020 as of 2014).. Certificated to carry 2873 passengers and 81 crew she was commissioned to operate on the Island's busy Douglas - Liverpool; Douglas - Fleetwood routes and had a maximum speed of 23 knots.
 Atlantic Conveyor was a British merchant navy ship registered in Liverpool that was requisitioned during the Falklands War. She was hit on 25 May 1982 by two Argentine air-launched AM39 Exocet missiles killing 12 sailors. Atlantic Conveyor sank whilst under tow on 28 May 1982. The wrecksite is designated under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986.
 The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Hughes 4-6-4T was a class of steam locomotives. They were a 4-6-4T tank engine version of the L&YR Class 8 (Dreadnought Class 4-6-0) hence they were known as Dreadnought tanks.
 The Air Creation Fun is a series of French single-surface ultralight trike wings designed and produced by Air Creation of Aubenas. The wing is widely used on Air Creation trikes as well as by other ultralight aircraft manufacturers.
 The Guaiquerí class patrol vessels (Avante 2200 Combatant) are a class of ocean patrol vessels or POVZEE (Spanish: Patrullero Oceánico de Vigilancia de la Zona Económica Exclusiva) in Venezuelan Navy service. The lead ship were originally intended to have the pennant F-31 and name of Guaicaipuro but has since been renumbered.
 HMS Bramham (L51) was a Hunt class destroyer of the Royal Navy laid down in Alexander Stephen and Sons shipyards Govan Scotland on 7 April 1941. She was launched on 29 January 1942 and commissioned into the Royal Navy on 16 June 1942. She was one of two ships that returned to rescue the survivors of the HMS Curacoa.In the following August she served in Operation Pedestal a mission to deliver supplies to the besieged island of Malta as an escorting destroyer.
 The Oldershaw O-2 officially registered as the Oldershaw Jana-Linn O-2 is an American high-wing single seat V-tailed glider that was designed and built by Vernon Oldershaw.
 USS Nita (1856) was a captured Confederate steamer acquired by the Union Navy from the prize court during the American Civil War. She was put into service by the Union Navy to patrol navigable waterways of the Confederacy to prevent the South from trading with other countries.
 USCGC Rush (WHEC-723) is a U.S. Coast Guard high endurance cutter based out of Honolulu Hawaii and previously based out of Alameda California. Constructed at Avondale Shipyard near New Orleans Louisiana and launched November 16 1968 she is the fifth Coast Guard Cutter to be named after the eighth Secretary of the Treasury Richard Rush.
 SS Robin Moor was a Hog Islander steamship that sailed under the American flag from 1919 until being sunk by German submarine U-69 on 21 May 1941 before the United States had entered World War II after allowing the passengers and crew to disembark. This sinking of a neutral nation's ship in an area considered until then to be relatively safe from U-boats and the plight of her crew and passengers caused a political incident in the United States.
 The Yamaha YZF750 is a motorcycle that was produced from 1993 to 1998 in two forms the standard R and the single seat SP. The 750R was the only version sold in the US.Mechanically the SP differed from the R in the following areas: adjustable swingarm pivot position 39 mm Keihin FCR flatslide carburetors a lower screen and a single seat. The Swing arm is also different.
 HMS Lily was an Arab-class composite gunvessel built for the Royal Navy. She was launched in 1874 saw service in Chinese and North American waters and was wrecked on the coast of Labrador on 16 September 1888.
 HMS Harrier was a schooner of the Royal Navy. Built at Cowes Isle of Wight and launched in 1872. She was bought by the Royal Navy for £2874 and named HMS Harrier.Initially in use for policing the East Africa slave trade she commenced service on the Australia Station in September 1883. Undertaking some survey work she was paid off in 1888 and she was sold in Sydney to the London Missionary Society for £1200.Harrier was wrecked upon F Reef Great Barrier Reef near Cooktown in July 1891.
 HMNZS Wellington (P-55) is a Protector class off-shore patrol vessel in the Royal New Zealand Navy. The ship was built by Tenix as part of the New Zealand government's Royal New Zealand Navy plans and was originally expected to enter service during the winter of 2008. However in late 2008 it became known that the vessel was considered sub-standard and did not fulfill a number of specifications such as being 100 tonnes overweight making it unfit for Antarctic duties.
 The X3 (also known as the X3) is an 800 cc V4 race bike built by Ilmor Engineering to compete in the 2007 MotoGP series.The X3 is the brainchild of Ilmor co-founder Mario Illien and former grand prix rider Eskil Suter of Suter Racing Technology (SRT).
 The fourth USS Dale (DD-353) was Farragut-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was named for Richard Dale.Dale launched 23 January 1935 by Brooklyn Navy Yard; sponsored by Mrs. E. C. Dale; and commissioned 17 June 1935 Commander W. A. Corn in command.
 HMS Inflexible was an Invincible-class battlecruiser of the British Royal Navy. She was built before World War I and had an active career during the war. She tried to hunt down the German battlecruiser SMS Goeben and the light cruiser SMS Breslau in the Mediterranean Sea when war broke out and she and her sister ship Invincible sank the German armoured cruisers SMS Scharnhorst and SMS Gneisenau during the Battle of the Falkland Islands.
 The Sud-Ouest S.O.30 Bretagne was a 1940s French airliner built by Sud-Ouest.
 HMCS St Julien was one of twelve Battle class naval trawlers used by the Royal Canadian Navy (RCN). Named after the Battle of St. Julien she was built by Polson Iron Works in Toronto Ontario and was commissioned on 13 November 1917. Decommissioned in 1920 she was turned over to the Department of Marine and Fisheries and like sister ships HMCS Messines HMCS St. Eloi and HMCS Vimy was converted to a lightship eventually being designated Lightship No. 22.
 HOPE was a Japanese experimental spaceplane project designed by a partnership between NASDA and NAL (both now part of JAXA) started in the 1980s. It was positioned for most of its lifetime as one of the main Japanese contributions to the International Space Station the other being the Japanese Experiment Module.
 HMS Cooke (K471) was a British Captain-class frigate of the Royal Navy in commission during World War II. Originally constructed as the United States Navy Evarts-class destroyer escort USS Dempsey (DE-267) she served in the Royal Navy from 1943 to 1946.
 The USCGC Spar (WLB-206) is a United States Coast Guard seagoing buoy tender home-ported in Kodiak Alaska. The ship tends buoys in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska and has acquired the nickname Aleutian Keeper. The Spar also performs other duties such as maritime border security maritime environmental protection maritime law enforcement search and rescue and domestic icebreaking.
 The Hankyu 8300 series (阪急電鉄8300系) is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated in Japan by the private railway operator Hankyu Railway since 1989.
 The Lancia Delta S4 is a Group B rally car that competed in the World Rally Championship in 1985 and 1986 until Group B cars were banned from competition by the FIA. The car replaced and was an evolution of the Lancia 037. The S4 took full advantage of the Group B regulations and featured a midship-mounted engine and all-wheel drive for superior traction on loose surfaces.
 The Hyundai Mighty (hangul:현대 마이티) is a line of light-duty commercial vehicle by Hyundai Motor Company. The range was primarily available in Korea and some other countries.Manufactured from 1987 with the first cars going to Asia other European and American countries which saw import or manufacture of the Mighty included Europe Mid-east Africa and South America. Korea was another market until early 1987.
 The Tachikawa Ki-36 (named Ida in Allied reporting code) was a Japanese army cooperation aircraft of World War II. It was a two-seat low-wing monoplane with a single piston-engine and a fixed tailwheel-type undercarriage.
 The Maple Leaf is a schooner built in 1904 making it British Columbia's oldest tall ship. In 1906 the Maple Leaf was the only Canadian vessel to qualify for the first ever Trans-Pac sailing race which was slated to take place in San Francisco but never took place due to the massive earthquake that occurred in that year. From the 1930s to the 1970s the Maple Leaf was a halibut longliner on the Bering Sea making it one of the longest-running ships to fish.
 The Thomas Saf-T-Liner C2 (often shortened to C2) is a Type C (conventional-style) school bus produced by Thomas Built Buses. In production since 2004 the C2 is based on a Freightliner C2 chassis itself derived from the Freightliner M2 Business Class medium-duty conventional. It was introduced as the replacement for the Thomas Conventional and Thomas Saf-T-Liner FS-65; the latter was produced alongside the C2 until December 2006.
 German submarine U-320 was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She carried out just two patrols but did not sink any ships.The boat was sunk in May 1945 by a British aircraft and scuttling in the North Sea the last to be sunk by direct action.
 MV Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller is the lead ship of Maersk's Triple E class of container vessels. It has the largest cargo capacity in TEU of any ship yet constructed and is the longest ship in service worldwide as of 2014. It was constructed for Maersk by Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME) of South Korea and entered service in July 2013. It was named for Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller the CEO of Maersk between 1965 and 1993. The ship is the first of a planned class of 20 identical vessels.
 The Tata Indica is a supermini car produced by the Indian manufacturer Tata Motors since 1998. It is the first passenger car from Tata Motors and it is also considered India's first indigenous developed passenger car. As of August 2008 more than 910000 units were produced and the platform had spawned off close to 1.2 million vehicles. The annual sales of Indica has been as high as 144690 units in 2006–07. As of July 2009 monthly sales of Indica were around 8000 units.
 The Westland Limousine was a 1920s British single-engined four-seat light transport aircraft built by Westland Aircraft.
 The Tribal class or Afridi class were a class of destroyers built for the Royal Navy Royal Canadian Navy and Royal Australian Navy that saw service in World War II. Originally conceived as a failed design for a light fleet cruiser the Tribals evolved into fast powerful destroyers with greater emphasis on guns over torpedoes than previous destroyers in response to new designs by Japan Italy and Germany.
 German submarine U-373 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She carried out thirteen patrols before being sunk by a British aircraft in June 1944 in the Bay of Biscay.*She was a member of 16 wolfpacks.She sank three ships.
 USS Pigeon (AM-374) was an Auk-class minesweeper acquired by the United States Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.Pigeon was laid down 10 November 1944 by the Savannah Machine and Foundry Co. Savannah Georgia; launched 28 March 1945; sponsored by Miss Jean Ross; and commissioned at Savannah on 30 October 1945 Lt. Comdr. Robert S. Cathcart in command.
 The second USS Brooklyn (CA-3) (originally ACR-3) was a United States Navy armored cruiser the only to be named at commissioning for a city rather than a state.She was launched on 2 October 1895 by William Cramp and Sons Ship and Engine Building Company of Philadelphia Pennsylvania; sponsored by Miss Ida May Schieren; and commissioned on 1 December 1896 Captain Francis Augustus Cook in command.
 The Tatra T5C5 was tramcar built by ČKD Tatra in Prague in the late 1970s and early 1980s. In 1978 two prototypes were tested in Prague and Budapest. They differed in many ways to earlier Tatra products most notably that the vehicle was controlled by a hand lever rather than a foot pedal. Between 1978 and 1984 322 vehicles were supplied to Budapest and as of March 2014 still remain in active service there.
 The Ikazuchi class destroyers (雷型駆逐艦 Ikazuchigata kuchikukan) was a class of six torpedo boat destroyers (TBDs) of the Imperial Japanese Navy. All were named after celestial phenomena.
 The Brazilian ironclad Rio de Janeiro was an armored gunboat (Portuguese: Canhoneira Couraçada Nr. 3) built for the Brazilian Navy during the Paraguayan War in the mid-1860s. Like the other two gunboats she was built in Brazil and was designed as a casemate ironclad. Commissioned in April 1866 the ship did not enter combat until September when she bombarded Paraguayan fortifications at Curuzu. Rio de Janeiro hit two mines on 2 September and rapidly sank taking 53 of her crew with her.
 HMS Fearless was an Active-class scout cruiser of the Royal Navy. She was built at Pembroke Dockyard and launched on 12 June 1912. On commissioning she was assigned to the Harwich Force with her sisters and was the leader of the 1st Destroyer Flotilla. She led the flotilla in the Battle of Heligoland Bight on 28 August 1914 and at the Battle of Jutland on 31 May - 1 June 1916.
 RV Akademik Fyodorov (Russian: Академик Фёдоров) is a Russian scientific diesel-electric research vessel the flagship of the Russian polar research fleet. It was built in Rauma Finland for the Soviet Union and completed on September 8 1987. It started operations on October 24 1987 in the USSR. The ship was named after a Soviet polar explorer academician of the USSR Academy of Sciences Evgeny Fyodorov who worked on the first Soviet manned drifting ice station North Pole-1.
 The Agusta CP-110  also known as CVV P.110 or Politecnico P.110 was a prototype Italian four-seat light aircraft first flown in 1951 that failed to attract interest from either civil or military operators although it was evaluated by the Aeronautica Militare (Italian Air Force). Originally designed and built by the CVV - (Centro Volo a Vela del Politecnico di Milano) production aircraft were to have been built by Agusta but for lack of interest.
 The South African Class 8A 4-8-0 of 1902 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Transvaal.In 1902 the Imperial Military Railways placed forty Cape Eighth Class 4-8-0 Mastodon type steam locomotives in service. In that same year when the Central South African Railways was established they were designated Class 8-L1. In 1912 when they were assimilated into the South African Railways they were renumbered and reclassified to Class 8A.
 The Tecnam P2004 Bravo is a high-wing light aircraft built by the Tecnam aircraft company. It is similar to the Tecnam P92 Echo Super but has a cantilevered wing rather than the P92's strut-braced wing.
 The Yubari-class destroyer escort (or frigate) of the Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force is the successor of the Ishikari-class destroyer escort. Yubari was named after the experimental light cruiser of the 1920s-30s which served in (and was lost during) World War II.This class was the extended version of its predecessor JDS Ishikari (DE-226). The displacement was slightly increased and some improvements were introduced.
 The KAI T-50 Golden Eagle (골든이글) is a family of South Korean supersonic advanced trainers and multirole light fighters developed by the consortium that established by Korea Aerospace Industries (KAI) along with the American aerospace company Lockheed Martin. The T-50 is South Korea's first indigenous supersonic aircraft and one of the world's few supersonic trainers. Development began in the late 1990s and its maiden flight occurred in 2002.
 HMS Encounter was an early wooden screw sloop of the Royal Navy. She was ordered as one of a pair of Encounter-class sloops in 1845 but her sister-ship Harrier was suspended six months after the order and cancelled in 1851. Encounter had her armament radically altered in 1850 and she was broken up at Devonport in 1866.
 USS Dorado (SS-526) a Tench-class submarine was the second submarine of the United States Navy to be named for the dorado the Spanish language name for the fish also known as the dolphinfish and the mahi-mahi. Her keel was laid down but construction was canceled on 29 July 1944.
 USS Sagamore (ATA-208) originally designated ATR-135 was laid down simply as ATA-208 on 27 November 1944 by the Gulfport Boiler and Welding Works Port Arthur Texas; launched on 17 January 1945; and commissioned on 19 March 1945 Lt. S. D. Northrop in command. She was the third United States Navy ship named Sagamore — an Algonquian term for chief. Following shakedown off the Texas coast ATA-208 departed Galveston on 18 April for Hawaii and general towing duty in the Pacific.
 HMS Aurora was an Arethusa-class light cruiser launched on 30 September 1913 at Devonport Dockyard.Construction started in 1912 and she was commissioned into the Royal Navy and saw service as part of the Grand Fleet from 1914 to 1915 as leader of the 1st Destroyer Flotilla.
 The Pawtuxet-class cutters were a class of six screw steam revenue cutters built for the United States Revenue Cutter Service during the American Civil War.The cutters served mostly on patrol and convoy escort duty during the war. In the postwar period some were used as transports for government officials in addition to their normal duties.
 Adventure Galley also known as Adventure was an English sailing ship captained by William Kidd the notorious privateer. She was a type of hybrid ship that combined square rigged sails with oars to give her manoeuvrability in both windy and calm conditions. The vessel was launched at the end of 1695 and was acquired by Kidd the following year to serve in his privateering venture.
 MAZ-203 is a low-floor city bus. It is a representative of second generation of MAZ city buses being a successor of MAZ-103. It has been built since 2006 there are over 100 models built already. MAZ 203 can be found in Poland Ukraine Russia and Romania.
 NSB Class 73 (Norwegian: NSB-type 73) is a class of 22 electric multiple units built by Adtranz for the Norwegian State Railways. The four-car trains were modifications of Class 71 which was again based on the Swedish X2. The A-series consists of 16 intercity trains; they were delivered in 1999 and 2000 and are used on the Bergen Dovre and Sørland Lines. The intercity service was branded as Signatur until 2003.
 The Mitsubishi Regional Jet (MRJ) is a passenger jet aircraft seating 70–90 passengers manufactured by Mitsubishi Aircraft Corporation a partnership between majority owner Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and Toyota Motor Corporation with design assistance from Toyota affiliate Fuji Heavy Industries already a manufacturer of aircraft. The project is in early manufacturing as of September 30 2010 with its maiden flight scheduled for 2015.
 Europestar (Chinese: 欧洲明星 pinyin: ōuzhōu míngxīng) is a Chinese car brand of the English Lotus Group plc. They brand named is used from a joint-venture with the Chinese Jinhua Youngman Vehicle Co. Ltd. Sometimes the brand is called Qingnian Kuaile(Chinese: 青年快乐(莲花) pinyin: qīngnián (liánhuā) English: Youngman (Lotus). The vehicles are manufactured in the prefecture-level city of Jinhua. The brand name is only applied on the export models.
 The Lockheed HC-130 is an extended-range search and rescue (SAR) and Combat search and rescue (CSAR) version of the C-130 Hercules transport. The HC-130H and HC-130J versions are operated by the United States Coast Guard in a SAR and maritime reconnaissance role. The HC-130P Combat King and HC-130J Combat King II models are operated by the United States Air Force for long-range SAR and CSAR.
 The Ambrosini SAI 1 was a two-seat biplane aircraft built in Italy to compete in the 1935 Avioraduno del Littorio rally. It was of conventional configuration and featured a neatly cowled radial engine and a long canopy fairing for added streamlining.
 USS Gulfport (PF-20) a Tacoma-class frigate was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for Gulfport Mississippi.Gulfport (PF-20) a frigate originally classified PG-128 was launched on 21 August 1943 at the American Ship Building Company in Cleveland Ohio sponsored by Mrs. John C. Chambers; and commissioned at Gulfport Mississippi on 16 September 1944 with Commander G. A. Knudsen USCG in command.
 USS Guitarro (SSN-665) a Sturgeon-class submarine was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the guitarro a ray of the guitarfish family.
 The Gudrun Maersk is a very large container ship capable of carrying 8500 TEU and with a deadweight (DWT) of 115700 metric tons. The ship was built in 2005 and is operated by the Maersk Line.
 MV Lymington is a former ro-ro ferry built in 1938 for serve the Isle of Wight. She is Britain's earliest example of a Voith Schneider driven ferry. Renamed MV Sound of Sanda in 1974 she served Western Ferries on the Upper Clyde until 1993.
 The first HMS Wivern was an ironclad turret ship built at Birkenhead England one of two sister ships secretly ordered from the John Laird Sons & Company shipyard by the Confederate States of America in 1862. Her true ownership was concealed by the fiction that she was being constructed as the Egyptian warship El Monassir. She was to have been named Mississippi upon delivery to the Confederates.
 The second USS Benicia (PGM-96/PG-96) was a Asheville-class gunboat in the United States Navy during the Vietnam War. She later served in the South Korean Navy as Paek Ku 51 (PGM-351). Benicia was laid down on 14 April 1969 at Tacoma Washington by the Tacoma Boatbuilding Company after a fire in August 1968 destroyed the incomplete hull laid down on 3 January 1967; launched on 20 December 1969; sponsored by Mrs. William F. Petrovic; and commissioned at Tacoma on 25 April 1970 Lt. James L.
 The Heinkel He 116 was an extremely long-range mail plane designed to deliver airmail between Germany and Japan. Several examples were built for this role as well as a small batch to be used in the long-range reconnaissance role.
 HMAS Kooronga was a 60-ton tug boat and training ship operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). She was constructed at the Williamstown Dockyard Victoria in 1917. Kooronga was commissioned on 6 June 1924 and named Cerberus II as a tender at the Flinders Naval Depot. The vessel was later renamed HMAS Kooronga. She ran aground in the Port Phillip channel and was stranded from 28 June until 14 July 1940. Upon being refloated she was refitted out.Kooronga remained in RAN service until 1947.
 SS Antenor was the second of five ships to bear the name. She was built in 1896 by Workman Clark and Company Limited at Belfast Northern Ireland. She was built for Alfred Holt and Company who owned various shipping lines including the Nederlandsche Stoomvaart Maatschappij Oceaan (NSMO) and Blue Funnel. SS Antenor had a gross registered tonnage (GRT) of 5570 was 422 feet long had a beam of 49 feet 4 inches and a service speed of 10 knots.
 HMS Pelorus was a 2330 ton displacement 21 gun corvette launched on 5 February 1857 from the Devonport dockyard. It was captained at first by Frederick Beauchamp Paget Seymour then by Henry Boys and later William Henry Haswell.She participated as part of a squadron after the Indian Rebellion of 1857.
 USS Rolf (DE-362) was a John C. Butler-class destroyer escort acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. The primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy in addition to other tasks as assigned such as patrol or radar picket. USS Rolf was named in honor of Robert Walter Rolf who was awarded the Navy Cross for his brave actions at New Guinea.
 Oryol (Russian: Орёл) was a wooden-hulled steam-powered 84-gun third-rate ship of the line built for the Imperial Russian Navy in the 1850s. She was begun as a sailing ship but was converted to steam power while under construction. The ship served with the Baltic Fleet until she was stricken from the Navy List in 1863.
 The PL type carriages were a series of wooden passenger carriages used on the railways of Victoria Australia. They consisted of the first class APL second class BPL and combination second and guard's van BCPL's.
 The Dewoitine D.520 was French fighter aircraft that entered service in early 1940 shortly after the beginning of World War II. Unlike the Morane-Saulnier M.S.406 which was at that time the most numerous fighter in the French Air Force the Dewoitine D.520 came close to being a match for the latest German types such as the Messerschmitt Bf 109. It was slower than the Bf 109E but superior in manoeuvrability.
 USS Crosley (APD-87) was a Crosley-class high speed transport that served in the United States Navy during World War II. She was laid down as Rudderow-class destroyer escort Crosley (DE-226) on 16 October 1943 at the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard and launched on 12 February 1944. She was converted to a Crosley-class high speed transport before her construction was complete and commissioned on 22 October 1944.
 Edith May is a wooden Thames sailing barge built in Harwich Essex in 1906. She was then used to carry various cargos (mainly grain) until 1952 when a diesel engine was fitted and she was then used in various Thames Sailing Barge matches. Winning quite a few. After a period as a museum ship. She was then restored in 2010 to become a charter trips on the River Medway.
 The second USS Raccoon (IX-127) an Armadillo-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the raccoon. She was built as the Liberty ship J. C. W. Becham (MCE Hull No. 1931) by the Maritime Commission and renamed Raccoon by the Navy on 27 October 1943. Her keel was laid down on 7 November 1943 by the Delta Shipbuilding Company in New Orleans Louisiana. She was launched on 23 December 1943 sponsored by Mrs. J. C.
 HMS Broke was a Thornycroft type flotilla leader of the Royal Navy. She was the second of four ships of this class that were ordered from J I Thornycroft in April 1918 and was originally named Rooke after Rear Admiral Sir George Rooke of the Dutch Wars and the Battle of Vigo Bay.The naturalist Peter Scott among the ship's crew in 1940 conducted experiments in ship camouflage having the two sides of Broke painted in different patterns.
 The Delta A or Thor-Delta A was an American expendable launch system used to launch two Explorer spacecraft in October 1962. A derivative of the Thor-Delta it was a member of the Delta family of rockets.The first stage was a Thor missile in the DM-21 configuration and the second stage was the Delta A an uprated version of the original Delta. An Altair solid rocket motor was used as a third stage.
 USS Evansville (PF-70) a Tacoma-class frigate in commission from 1944 to 1945 and from 1950 to 1953 was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for Evansville Indiana. She also served in the Soviet Navy as EK-30 and in the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force as JDS Keyaki (PF-295) and YAC-21.
 HMCS Runnymede was a River-class frigate that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. She served primarily as a convoy escort in the Battle of the Atlantic. She was named for York Ontario however due to possible confusion with HMCS West York her name reflects a connection with that community.Prince Rupert was ordered in June 1942 as part of the 1942-1943 River-class building program. She was laid down on 11 September 1943 by Canadian Vickers Ltd.
 The Honda NX250 was a new concept produced by Honda a crossover dual-sport motorcycle available in the USA from 1988 through 1990. It was a lightweight bike intended for both on-road and off-road riding. The NX250 featured the new MD21E engine which was a liquid-cooled 249 cc single-cylinder four-valve DOHC four-stroke with an electric start. It had a bore and stroke of 70.0 mm × 64.8 mm (2.76 in × 2.55 in) 11 to 1 compression ratio and a six-speed transmission.
 MS Splendour of the Seas is a Vision-class cruise ship operated by Royal Caribbean International. Her itineraries include European cruising in the Mediterranean and Baltic along with South America and other more exotic locations in Royal Caribbean's worldwide destinations. Dedicated towards an international clientele official languages on Splendour of the Seas include English French German Italian Spanish and Portuguese[citation needed].
 Georg Stage is a Danish iron-hulled fully rigged three-masted sailing ship launched in 1934. The ship serves as a training-platform for sailors in Denmark and is owned and operated by the independent foundation Georg Stages Minde (in memory of Georg Stage). The foundation was instituted in 1882 by the shipowner Frederik Stage and his wife Thea recognizing the need for better training and qualification of sailors at their time.
 The NZR JA class were a type of 4-8-2 steam locomotive used on the New Zealand railway network. The class was built in two batches with the second batch possessing some differences from the first.
 The Sharpe SA-1 is an American single seat homebuilt aircraft.
 The L&YR Class 30 was a class of 0-8-0 steam locomotives of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway. The class was designed by John Aspinall and introduced in 1900.
 USNS Waters (T-AGS 45) is a United States Navy vessel tasked with supporting submarine navigation-system testing and providing ballistic missile flight test support services. In 2011 it was homeported in Port Canaveral Florida.
 The E653 series (E653系) is an AC/DC dual-voltage electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) in Japan since 1997.
 USS LST-380 was a LST-1-class tank landing ship of the United States Navy during World War II later loaned to the Royal Navy.LST-380 was laid down on 10 December 1942 at Quincy Massachusetts by the Bethlehem Steel Company; launched on 10 February 1943; sponsored by Mrs. D. J.
 The ACS-100 Sora is a Brazilian two-seat Light Sport Aircraft designed by Advanced Composites Solutions.
 USS Demand (AMc-74) was an Accentor-class coastal minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.Demand was launched by the Gibbs Gas Engine Co. Jacksonville Florida on 22 May 1941.
 The Aveko VL-3 Sprint also called the VL-3 Evolution is a Czech ultralight aircraft designed and initially produced by Aveko of Brno. The design is now produced by JMB Aircraft of Choceň. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 Leytenant Zatsarenni (Russian: Лейтенант Зацаренный) was an Imperial Russian Navy destroyer of the four-strong Leitenant Shestakov class (named after Ivan Shestakov (1820–1888)).The Zatsarenni herself was named after a torpedo boat captain who had distinguished himself in the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-1878.She was sunk on 30 June 1917 when she ran onto a German naval mine that had been laid only days before by the German-Turkish cruiser SMS Breslau.
 The 5000 series (5000系) is a suburban electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by Shikoku Railway Company (JR Shikoku) in Shikoku Japan.Seven 2-car sets were introduced in 2003 by JR Shikoku along with the JR West 223-5000 series. 223-2000 series cars were later added to each set and these were renumbered 5201 to 5207.The 5100 type bilevel cab cars received the 47th Blue Ribbon Award in 2004.
 USS LSM-115 was a LSM-1-class Landing Ship Medium of the United States Navy that saw active service in World War II in the Pacific Theater.Built by the Brown Ship Building Co. Houston Texas the ship was commissioned on 2 December 1944 Lt. Lewis J. Loveland USNR in command. Later Lt. Robert Morris USNR was in command of the vessel.
 KBS PS UAVs are Chinese UAVs developed by Kangbashi Police Station (康巴什分局) of Ordos Public Security Bureau (鄂尔多斯市公安局) and has since entered service with local law enforcement.
 The Dixie class destroyer tender was a class of United States Navy destroyer tenders used during World War II. This class' design was based on the specifications of USS Dixie (AD-14) and constructed based on drawings for that vessel plus ongoing modifications specified for each continued vessel of the class.
 See also list of Honda transmissions for other HondamaticsThe Hondamatic (also called the H2) was Honda's first automatic transmission. It was produced from 1973 through 1979. The Hondamatic name is used on all automatic transmissions from Honda.The original Hondamatic like all following Honda automatics featured sliding gears on parallel axes rather than planetary gears like most other automatic transmissions.
 SS Mission Solano was a Type T2-SE-A2 tanker built for the United States Maritime Commission during World War II. After the war she was acquired by the United States Navy as USS Mission Solano (AO-135). Later the tanker transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service as USNS Mission Solano (T-AO-135). A Mission Buenaventura-class oiler she was named for Mission San Francisco Solano she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.
 RMS Quetta was a Royal Mail Ship that was wrecked on the Far North Queensland coast on 28 February 1890. Of the 292 people aboard 134 died.
 The Vought V-141 (which was later redesignated V-143 after modification) was a prototype American single-seat fighter aircraft of the 1930s. It was a development of the unsuccessful Northrop 3-A design but was itself a failure being rejected by the United States Army Air Corps. The sole prototype was sold to the Japanese Army in 1937 but no production followed with the type proving to be inferior to existing Japanese fighters.
 The Zenit-3F Zenit-3SLBF or Zenit-2SB/Fregat is an expendable carrier rocket. It is a member of the Zenit family of rockets which were designed by the Yuzhnoye Design Bureau of Ukraine.Launches of Zenit-3SLBF rockets are conducted from Baikonur Cosmodrome Site 45/1. The rocket consists of a Zenit-2SB (Zenit-2M) core vehicle with a Fregat-SB upper stage developed by NPO Lavochkin of Russia in place of the Block-DM used on the Zenit-3SL and 3SLB.
 HMCS Glace Bay was a River-class frigate built for the Royal Canadian Navy (RCN) in 1943. Commissioned in 1944 she served in the Battle of the Atlantic until the end of the Second World War. After the war she was sold to the Chilean Navy and renamed Esmerelda.Glace Bay was ordered as HMCS Lauzon in June 1942 as part of the 1943-1944 River-class building program. She was laid down on 23 September 1943 by Davie Shipbuilding and Repairing Co. Ltd.
 The Highland Railway Loch class locomotives were large 4-4-0s normally used north of Inverness.They were introduced in 1896 the design of David Jones and had the typical Jones appearance with outside cylinders domed cab roof louvred chimney but as with the Jones Goods class 4-6-0 the Allan style front framing was dispensed with.
 The Airco DH.9 (from de Havilland 9) - also known after 1920 as the de Havilland DH.9 - was a British bomber used in the First World War.
 Scion xA is a five-door hatchback subcompact marketed in the US from 2004-2006 — as an export model of the Japanese Domestic Market Toyota ist. Based on the first generation Toyota Vitz hatchback the xA shared a platform with the Toyota Platz sedan.The xA received a minor facelift for the 2006 model year before importation ended in December 2006. The xA's successor the xD was delivered to US dealerships beginning in August 2007 as a 2008 model.
 SM UB-38 was a German Type UB II submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. The U-boat was ordered on 22 July 1915 and launched on 1 April 1916. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 19 July 1916 as SM UB-38.The submarine sank 47 ships in 21 patrols. UB-38 struck a mine and sank in the English Channel on 8 February 1918.
 The first USS Warrington (DD-30) was a modified Paulding-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War I. She was named for Lewis Warrington.Warrington was laid down on 21 June 1909 at Philadelphia Pennsylvania by the William Cramp & Sons Ship & Engine Building Company; launched on 18 June 1910; sponsored by Mrs. Richard Hatton; and commissioned on 20 March 1911 Lieutenant Walter M. Hunt in command.
 The sixth generation Ford F-Series is a line of pickup trucks and medium-duty commercial trucks that was produced by Ford Motor Company from 1973 to 1979. These are the last generation of trucks to use the F-Series chassis introduced in 1965. After a decade as a compact SUV the Bronco was redesigned as a shortened version of the F-Series.
 The Saturn V (spoken as Saturn five) was an American human-rated expendable rocket used by NASA's Apollo and Skylab programs from 1966 until 1973. A multistage liquid-fueled launch vehicle NASA launched 13 Saturn Vs from the Kennedy Space Center Florida with no loss of crew or payload.
 HMAS Canberra (FFG 02) was an Adelaide class guided missile frigate of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). Based on the Oliver Hazard Perry class design Canberra was one of four Adelaide class ships constructed in the United States of America and one of six to serve in the RAN.The frigate entered service in 1981.
 Class 270 (later reclassified as Class 70) locomotives were the first diesel shunters used by NMBS/SNCB. Three were initially ordered as prototypes of Diesel Electric traction. Three Diesel-Hydraulic Class 271 locomotives were also ordered for comparison.One loco 7005 has been preserved by PFT at Saint Ghislain the remainder were scrapped after they were displaced by class 77s.
 PS Brighton was a ferry constructed by Thomas B Seath of Rutherglen in 1883 for the Sydney to Manly run. She was hulked in 1916 and used as a storeship for timber exporters in Port Stephens. Her hull lies abandoned in The Duckhole at Port Stephens.
 SS Golconda was a 5874 gross ton passenger ship built in 1887 by William Doxford & Sons Sunderland England. She was 422 feet (129 m) long with a beam of 41.8 feet (12.7 m) and had two funnels and was operated by the British India Steam Navigation Company. Golconda struck a mine and sank in the North Sea on 3 June 1916 5 nautical miles (9.3 km; 5.8 mi) south east by east of Aldeburgh Suffolk (52°08′30″N 1°44′45″E) with the loss of nineteen lives.
 SMS Babenberg  was a pre-dreadnought battleship built by the Austro-Hungarian Navy in 1899. She was launched on 4 October 1902 as the last of three Habsburg-class battleships. Along with her sister ships she participated at the bombardment of Ancona during World War I. At the end of the war she was ceded to Great Britain as a war prize. She was scrapped in Italy in 1921.
 The Ilyushin Il-14 (NATO reporting name Crate) was a Soviet twin-engine commercial and military personnel and cargo transport aircraft that first flew in 1950 and entered service in 1954. Il-14 was also manufactured in East Germany by VVB Flugzeugbau in Czechoslovakia as the Avia 14 and in China under the Chinese designation Y-6[citation needed]. The Ilyushin Il-14 was typically replaced by the Antonov An-24 and Yakovlev Yak-40.
 The Holden Commodore SS Group A was a series of four motor vehicles built by Australian manufacturer Holden and then heavily modified by Holden's official performance tuner originally the Holden Dealer Team then later Holden Special Vehicles. The SS Group A series of cars existed primarily as a homologation special created specifically so a racing optimised version of the Holden Commodore could be utilised for Group A touring car motor racing.
 The first USS Pigeon (AM-47/ASR-6) was a Lapwing-class minesweeper of the United States Navy. She was later converted to a submarine rescue ship. She was named for the avian ambassador the pigeon.Pigeon was laid down by the Baltimore Dry Dock and Shipbuilding Co. Baltimore Maryland; launched on 29 January 1919; sponsored by Mrs. Joseph B. Provance; and commissioned in the Norfolk Navy Yard on 15 July 1919 Lieutenant William C. Procknow in command.
 The Haven class of hospital ships was built for the United States Navy (USN) during World War II. Haven-class ships also served in the Korean War and the Vietnam War. They were among the first ships to be able to receive casualties directly by helicopter and were the first fully air conditioned ships in the USN.The first ship was laid down in July 1943 while the last was launched in August 1944. In that span the United States produced 6 Haven-class hospital ships.
 Initially presented early in 1933 the Audi Front UW 220 was Europe’s first car to combine front-wheel drive with a six-cylinder engine. It remained in production for slightly under two years before being replaced by the Audi Front UW 225 featuring a larger 2.25-litre engine. The larger-engined car introduced in 1935 was built till April 1938 and continued to be listed into 1939. Between 1933 and 1938 the Front was the only Audi in volume production.
 The Electric Aircraft Corporation ElectraFlyer Trike is an ultralight trike fitted with an electric motor instead of a traditional gasoline engine.
 USS D-3 (SS-19) was a D-class submarine of the United States Navy. Her keel was laid down by Fore River Shipbuilding Company in Quincy Massachusetts under a subcontract from Electric Boat Company of Groton Connecticut as Salmon making her the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for the salmon. Salmon was launched on 12 March 1910 sponsored by Miss R. Fitzgerald and commissioned on 8 September 1910 with Lieutenant D. G. Weaver in command.
 The Bond Bug is a small British two-seat three-wheeled sports car built from 1970 to 1974. It is a wedge-shaped microcar with a lift-up canopy and side screens instead of conventional doors. Following the purchase of Bond Cars Ltd. Reliant commissioned Tom Karen of Ogle Design to design a fun car. The Bond Bug was based on Chief Engineer John Crosthwaite's newly designed chassis and some Reliant Regal running gear.
 The PAL P-750 XSTOL (formerly known as the PAC 750XL) is a utility aircraft of conventional all-metal low-wing monoplane design with fixed tricycle undercarriage. Combining the engine and wings of the PAC Cresco with a new large fuselage and modified tail all versions to date have been powered by a 750 hp (560 kW) Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6 turboprop. It is designed and manufactured in Hamilton New Zealand by Pacific Aerospace Limited.
 The South African Class MF 2-6-6-2 of 1911 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Transvaal.In 1911 the Central South African Railways placed nine Mallet articulated compound steam locomotives with a 2-6-6-2 wheel arrangement in service. In 1912 when they were assimilated into the South African Railways they were renumbered and classified as Class MF.
 Locomotive 'Pioneer' 1001 (former 394X) was two-cylinder simple non-condensing coal-fired 0-6-0 Saddle Tank locomotive for the New South Wales Government Railways built in 1861 by Manning Wardle.
 Éole was a Téméraire class 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy.Between 1791 and 1793 she was based in Saint-Domingue. She took part in the Glorious First of June where she and Trajan dismasted HMS Bellerophon. She later took part in the Expédition d'Irlande an ill-fated attempt to invade Ireland.On 19 August 1806 during the Atlantic campaign of 1806 she was dismasted by a tempest off Martinique and had to be taken in tow by American ships to Annapolis.
 USS SC-38 during her service life known as USS Submarine Chaser No. 38 or USS S.C. 38 was an SC-1-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I.SC-38 was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn New York. She was commissioned on 1 February 1918 as USS Submarine Chaser No. 38 abbreviated at the time as USS S.C. 38.In 1919 Submarine Chaser No.
 The Honda Silver Wing and Honda Silver Wing ABS are scooters designed and manufactured by Honda. The name SilverWing was also used for an earlier motorcycle series including the GL500 and GL650. In 2001 Honda resurrected the Silver Wing brand this time in the form of a 540 lb (240 kg) 582 cc maxi-scooter. It has a CVT transmission.
 The Pará class destroyers were a class of 10 destroyers built for the Brazilian Navy between 1908 and 1910 by Yarrow in the Scotstoun district of Glasgow Scotland. All named after states of Brazil the class closely resembled the River class destroyers. All ten ships were ordered under the 1907 Naval Programme and exceeded the design speed during sea trials the best being Parana which reached a top speed of 28.76 knots.
 MS Stena Precision is a ro-ro ferry that entered service with Seatruck Ferries in July 2012.The vessel is currently on charter to Stena Line from Seatruck Ferries. It was previously named Seatruck Precision.
 German submarine U-13 was a Type IIB U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine which was commissioned on 30 November 1936 following construction at the Deutsche Werke shipyards at Kiel. The first commander on board was Hans-Gerrit von Stockhausen. In its career it completed nine patrols all while serving with the 1st U-boat Flotilla. It succeeded in sinking nine ships and damaging three more.
 The EoN 460 series are wooden single-seat standard class sailplanes built in the UK in the 1960s. It did not have major competition success but some remain in use in 2011.
 The Tupolev Tu-244 was a proposed supersonic transport (SST) aircraft developed from the Tu-144. It implemented novel features such as cryogenic fuel to enable flight distances of up to 10000 km (6214 mi) and would have carried up to 300 passengers. The project was cancelled in 1993.
 SS Pink Star an American-owned ship flying under the Panamanian flag was the seventh American ship sunk by a German U-boat prior the United States entry into World War II. On September 20 1941 she was torpedoed by U-552.
 The CANSA FC.20 was a twin engine reconnaissance bomber/ground attack monoplane designed and built in Italy in 1941. Several versions with different armament and engines were flown but only the FC.20bis ground attack variant reached squadron service in very small numbers before the 1943 armistice.
 HMS C4 was a British C class submarine built by Vickers at Barrow-in-Furness. She was laid down on 25 November 1905 and was commissioned on 13 March 1907.C4 was the only C class submarine not to be scrapped at the end of the war instead she was used for trial and sold on 28 February 1922.
 Mars Pathfinder (MESUR Pathfinder) is an American spacecraft that landed a base station with a roving probe on Mars in 1997. It consisted of a lander renamed the Carl Sagan Memorial Station and a lightweight (10.6 kg/23 lb) wheeled robotic Mars rover named Sojourner.Launched on December 4 1996 by NASA aboard a Delta II booster a month after the Mars Global Surveyor was launched it landed on July 4 1997 on Mars's Ares Vallis in a region called Chryse Planitia in the Oxia Palus quadrangle.
 The AeroLites AeroMaster AG is an American homebuilt agricultural aircraft designed and produced by AeroLites of Welsh Louisiana. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 The two Hindenburg-class airships were passenger carrying rigid airships built in Germany in the 1930s and named in honor of Paul von Hindenburg. They were the last such aircraft ever built and in terms of their length and volume the largest aircraft ever to fly. During the 1930s airships like the Hindenburg class were widely considered the future of air travel and the lead ship of the class LZ 129 Hindenburg established a regular transatlantic service.
 The Vickers Vanox was a British biplane bomber design intended as a successor to the Virginia for the Royal Air Force. Although it underwent extensive development it was not successful only a single aircraft being built.
 The Honda N360 is a kei car designed and built by Honda and produced from March 1967 through 1970 while the larger N600 was marketed through 1973. After a January 1970 facelift the N360 became the NIII360 and continued in production until 1972. The car featured front wheel drive and an air-cooled four stroke 354 cc 31 hp (23 kW) two-cylinder engine which was borrowed from the Honda CB450 motorcycle.
 USS Duval County (LST-758) was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named after counties in Florida and Texas she was the only U.S. naval vessel to bear the name.LST-758 was laid down on 5 June 1944 at Ambridge Pennsylvania by the American Bridge Company; launched on 25 July 1944; sponsored by Mrs. F. D. Colburn; and commissioned on 19 August 1944.
 The Oldsmobile Series 70 is an automobile from General Motors introduced in the 1939 model year as the mid-range model. It was last produced in the 1950 model year.
 MV Seabourn Quest is a luxury cruise ship in Seabourn Cruise Line. It was constructed by Italian shipbuilder T. Mariotti. The vessel entered service in June 2011.
 The Southern Railway (SR) gave the designations 6-PUL 6-CITY and 6-PAN to electric multiple units built to work the routes between London and Brighton West Worthing and Eastbourne. None of these units survived long enough in British Rail ownership to be allocated a TOPS class number. The 6-PUL units were designated 6-COR until 1935 (the COR designation was later used for 4-COR units).
 HMS Milfoil was a modified Flower-class corvette that served in the Royal Navy and the United States Navy (as USS Intensity (PG-93)) before being transferred to Panama where she served as a whaling ship. During most of World War II she operated from New York on escort duty to the Caribbean. She completed 15 escort runs in this role. As the USS Intensity she was designated an Action-class patrol gunboat and manned by the United States Coast Guard.
 The Z23 class (formally O.446 class) was a class of steam locomotives built for the New South Wales Government Railways in Australia.
 HMAS Shepparton (A 03) is a Paluma class survey motor launch of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).
 The Fairey Delta 2 or FD2 (internal designation Type V within Fairey) was a British supersonic research aircraft produced by the Fairey Aviation Company in response to a specification from the Ministry of Supply for investigation into flight and control at transonic and supersonic speeds.The aircraft was the first to exceed 1000 mph flying faster than the sun moves across the sky and held the World Air Speed Record for over a year.In modified form it became the BAC 221 and was used to test the ogee delta wing design which was used on the Concorde SST.
 USS Mobile (AKA-115/LKA-115) was a Charleston class attack cargo ship named after the city of Mobile Alabama. She was the fourth U.S. Navy ship to bear that name. She served as a commissioned ship for 24 years and 4 months. LKA's had the distinction of being the only ships in the Gator Navy that were not flat bottom.
 The USS Tabberer (DE-418) was a John C. Butler-class destroyer escort acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. The primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy in addition to other tasks as assigned such as patrol or radar picket.
 USS Lizardfish (SS-373) a Balao-class submarine was a boat of the United States Navy named for the lizardfish a slender marine fish having a scaly lizard-like head and large mouth.Lizardfish (SS-373) was laid down 14 March 1944 by Manitowoc Shipbuilding Co. Manitowoc WI; launched 16 July 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Lansdale G. Sasscer; wife of Congressman Sasscer of Maryland; and commissioned 30 December 1944 Cmdr. Ovid M. Butler in command.
 Aquarius was a low-cost launch vehicle concept designed by Space Systems/Loral to carry small inexpensive payloads into LEO.
 Cargo vessel Monte Penedo was the first German sea-going diesel-engined motor vessel. Seized by the Brazilian Government in 1917 and renamed Sabara she operated various routes from Brazil. From 1948 until scrapping in 1969 she was named Ascanio Coelho.
 The Gregor GR-1 also called the GR-1 Continental and the GR-1 Sportplane was a biplane with a tail-wheel undercarriage developed by Michael Gregor
 The Fokker E.II was the second variant of the German Fokker Eindecker single-seat monoplane fighter aircraft of World War I.
 Delaware & Hudson #16 is a PA-4 locomotive rebuilt by Morrison-Knudsen in 1974 from an ALCO PA-1. It is one of only 6 surviving PAs.The rebuilt locomotives pulled the Adirondack for two years until March 1977 when Amtrak stopped using Delaware and Hudson Railway equipment and introduced the Turboliners. Attempts to use the locomotive in freight service were disappointing and it was leased to MBTA Commuter Rail. Its last revenue run in the United States took place on October 13 1978.
 HMS Triumph was a broadside ironclad battleship of the Victorian era the sister-ship of HMS Swiftsure. These two ships comprise the Swiftsure class of 1870.The two sister-ships which were built side by side by Palmers were designed and built specifically to serve as flagships on distant stations primarily with the Pacific squadron. They were powered by a Maudslay horizontal twin-cylinder return connecting-rod engine and were the last British battleships to be fitted with a hoisting screw.
 USS Choctaw (1856) was a large (1004-ton) steamer built for the merchant service but acquired by the Union Navy during the second year of the American Civil War.Choctaw with her crew of 106 was outfitted by the Navy as a ram with heavy rifled guns and was used both as a gunboat and as a ram on the rivers of the Confederate States of America.
 The Lada Nadezhda or VAZ-2120 Nadezhda (Hope) is a seven-person minivan produced by Russian automaker AvtoVAZ from 1998-2005.The VAZ 2120 is the first minivan produced by the Russian auto industry and was based on the VAZ 2131 Niva line of sport utility vehicles. The vehicle had low sales and production was down to 1500 units before the line was cancelled.
 Ljusneälf was a 1391 GRT cargo ship that was built in 1917 as Tilburg by L Smit & Zoon Kinderdijk for Dutch owners. She was sold to German owners in 1922 and renamed Ljusneälf. A sale in 1938 saw her renamed Hubert Schröder. She was seized by the Allies in April 1945 passed to the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) and renamed Empire Conquest.In 1947 Empire Conquest was sold into merchant service and renamed Southern Island. In 1951 she was sold to Italian owners and renamed Verax.
 TEP80 (ТЭП80) is a Soviet diesel locomotive produced in 1988-1989. Only two locomotives of this model were built.
 The Delta Pegass is a Czech two-seat ultralight cabin monoplane designed and built by Delta System-Air.
 Chung Shan (中山艦；Zhongshan in pinyin) originally named Yung Feng (永豐艦; Yongfeng in pinyin) is a Chinese gunboat built in Japan in 1913 of 830 tons and later renamed in 1925 Chung Shan in honor of Dr. Sun Yat-sen the founder of the Republic of China.
 British Rail's fourth design of passenger carriages was designated Mark 4 designed for use in InterCity 225 sets on the newly electrified East Coast Main Line between London Leeds and Edinburgh.
 USS Campti (YTB-816) was a United States Navy Natick-class large district harbor tug named for Campti Louisiana.
 NOAAS Hi'ialakai (R 334) is an oceanographic research ship acquired by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) in 2001.
 Princess Charlotte was an “extra ship’’ of the British East India Company (EIC) launched in 1796. She made four voyages for the EIC. On her second voyage she suffered a short-lived mutiny and then spent almost a year as an armed ship in the service of the EIC including a voyage to the Red Sea. A squadron of the French Navy captured her in the Vizagapatam roads in 1804 on her fourth voyage.
 The Narval class were a group of submarines built for the Imperial Russian Navy. They were designed by the Electric Boat Company and ordered in the 1911 programme as the Holland 31A design. The Narval class had advanced features including watertight bulkheads a crash diving tank and gravitationally filled ballast tanks which did not feature in contemporary Russian-designed boats.
 The Fiat 500X is the new SUV announced by the Italian automotive manufacturer Fiat in July 2012 with sales expected by the end of 2014. The new car shares the name and general design features of the Fiat 500 and 500L and will replace the Fiat Sedici.The car is scheduled start production in 2014 in the SATA plant of Melfi Italy and will also form the basis of a new model of Jeep the 2014 Jeep Renegade.
 USS Frederick Funston (APA-89) was a Frederick Funston-class attack transport that served with the US Navy during World War II. Before serving as a Navy APA she had been the US Army transport USAT Frederick Funston. After World War II she was returned to the Army and operated as USAT Frederick Funston.
 HMS Champion was one of nine Comus-class corvettes of the Royal Navy built in the late 1870s and early 1880s to a design by Nathaniel Barnaby. Champion was one of three in the class built by J. Elder & Co. Govan Scotland and was launched on 1 July 1878. She was the third vessel under this name in the Royal Navy.
 The Boeing C-135 Stratolifter is a transport aircraft derived from the prototype Boeing 367-80 jet airliner (also the basis for the 707) in the early 1950s. It has a narrower fuselage and is shorter than the 707. Boeing gave the aircraft the internal designation of Model 717. Since the first one was built in August 1956 the C-135 has been a fixture of the United States Air Force.
 The Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 Sparviero (Italian for Sparrowhawk) was a three-engined Italian medium bomber with a wood-and-metal structure. Originally designed as a fast passenger aircraft this low-wing monoplane in the years 1937–39 set 26 world records that qualified it for some time as the fastest medium bomber in the world. It first saw action during the Spanish Civil War and flew on all fronts in which Italy was involved during World War II.
 Life-Line was a Baptist missionary boat used to conduct ministry work in the Coos Bay region of southwestern Oregon United States from 1914 to 1923.
 INS Vinash (K47) is a Veer class corvette currently in active service with the Indian Navy.
 Dolfijn (Dutch: Dolphin) was a Dolfijn-class submarine of the Royal Netherlands Navy.
 TEMSA Safari is a coach produced by TEMSA aimed for long-distance travel and designed for safety and comfort. It was first produced in 2000. It is sold in the Europe Middle-East and Africa markets.
 USS Steele (BDE-8/DE-8) was an Evarts-class short-hull destroyer escort in the service of the United States Navy named for Private John M. Steele US Marines killed during the Battle of the Coral Sea on 8 May 1942.Steele was laid down on 27 January 1942 by the Boston Navy Yard; launched on 9 January 1943; sponsored by Mrs. John Steele; and commissioned on 4 May 1943 Lieutenant Commander Mark E. Dennett in command.
 Maine Central Railroad Class H locomotives were intended for branch line passenger service. They were of 4-4-0 wheel arrangement in the Whyte notation or 2'B in UIC classification. They were the last American eight-wheeler type locomotives built for the Maine Central. Class H locomotives were numbered from 140 to 152 as delivered. American Locomotive Company's (ALCO) Manchester plant assembled builders numbers 38704 through 38708 in 1905 and 41216 through 41220 in 1907.
 The GAZ-M20 Pobeda (Russian: ГАЗ-М20 Победа; Победа means Victory) was a passenger car produced in the Soviet Union by GAZ from 1946 until 1958. It was also licensed to Polish Fabryka Samochodów Osobowych.The first Pobeda was developed in the Soviet Union under chief engineer Andrei A. Liphart. Pobeda means victory; and the name was chosen because the model's first tests were done in 1943 at Gorky Avto Zavod (GAZ Gorky Car Plant) when victory in World War II began to seem likely.
 The Admiral Mitchell served under two contracts for the Royal Navy as a hired armed cutter or schooner one at the end of the French Revolutionary Wars and the second at the beginning of the Napoleonic Wars. She participated in several notable small engagements and actions. In 1806 the Admiralty purchased her and took her into service as the Sir Andrew Mitchell in 1807.
 USS Helena (CL-113) was a planned Fargo-class light cruiser of the United States Navy. The Helena was to be built by the New York Shipbuilding Corp. in Camden New Jersey. Due to labor problems and interference with the construction of other ships including the Worcester-class light cruisers the Helena was cancelled on 5 October 1944 before being laid down.
 USS Bumper (SS-333) a Balao-class submarine was a ship of the United States Navy named for the bumper a small fish of the North and South Atlantic Ocean.Bumper (SS-333) was launched 6 August 1944 by Electric Boat Co. Groton Conn.; sponsored by Mrs. Joseph W. Williams Jr. wife of the prospective commanding officer; and commissioned 9 December 1944 Commander J. W. Williams Jr. in command.
 The L&YR Class 3 was a class of 4-4-0 steam locomotives of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway. It was introduced in 1891. Forty locomotives were built and 34 passed to the London Midland and Scottish Railway at the grouping in 1923.
 SKNL PRz PR-5 Wiewiór plus is a Polish unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) being developed by students of Rzeszów University of Technology (Polish: Studenckie Koło Naukowe Lotników Politechnika Rzeszowska SKNL PRz) beginning in January 2006. Fifth of the series following PR-1 Szpion PR-2 Gacek PR-3 PR-4 (SAE lifter) and PR-5 Wiewiór it is an experimental reconnaissance aircraft. It has carbon fiber and kevlar monocoque structure with aluminium ferrules.
 The BICh-14 (aka TsKB-10) was a twin-engined tail-less sport / touring aircraft designed and built in the USSR from 1934.
 Amalfi was a Pisa-class armored cruiser of the Italian Royal Navy (Italian: Regia Marina) built in the first decade of the 20th century. She was a participant in the Italo-Turkish War and the First World War before she was sunk in July 1915.The ship was the second of two ships of the Pisa class which was designed in 1904. In the Italian classification system at the time of their building the Pisa ships were considered second-class battleships.
 German submarine U-383 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.The submarine was laid down on 29 March 1941 at the Howaldtswerke yard at Kiel launched on 22 April 1942 and commissioned on 6 June under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Horst Kremser.
 The Intercity Materieel or ICM (English - Intercity Material) is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by the Nederlandse Spoorwegen in the Netherlands. The prototypes were built in 1977 and production lasted from 1983 to 1994 by Talbot.
 The British Rail Class 156 Super Sprinter is a diesel multiple-unit train (DMU). 114 of these units were built from 1987 to 1989 by Metro-Cammell (now owned by Alstom) at its Washwood Heath works in Birmingham. They were built to replace elderly first-generation Heritage DMUs and locomotive-hauled passenger trains.
 The USCGC Conifer (WLB 301) was a 180 foot (55 m) seagoing buoy tender. Conifer and her sister ships commonly referred to as one-eighties served as the backbone of the Coast Guard's Aids to Navigation fleet for over 50 years before their replacement by the newer Juniper-class cutters.
 The Meyers Me-165W was a tandem-seat trainer designed for the American Civilian Pilot Training Program requirement during the Second World War.
 The first Alliance of the United States Navy was a 36-gun sailing frigate of the American Revolutionary War.Originally named Hancock she was laid down in 1777 on the Merrimack River at Amesbury Massachusetts by the partners and cousins William and James K. Hackett launched on 28 April 1778 and renamed Alliance on 29 May 1778 by resolution of the Continental Congress. Her first commanding officer was Capt.
 The GippsAero GA10 Airvan is a ten-seat turbo prop single-engined utility aircraft currently being developed by GippsAero (formerly Gippsland Aeronautics) of Victoria Australia.
 Humaytá was a modified Balilla-class submarine built in Italy for the Brazilian Navy. The submarine was laid down by Odero-Terni-Orlando at La Spezia on 19 November 1925 launched on 11 June 1927 and handed over to the Brazilian Navy on 11 June 1929. Proceeds from the sale of the Brazilian battleship Marshal Deodoro to the Mexican Navy provided funds for Humaytá's purchase. Humaytá was commissioned into the Brazilian Navy on 20 July 1929.
 The Royal Aircraft Factory F.E.8 was a British single-seat fighter of the First World War designed at the Royal Aircraft Factory. Although a clean and well designed little aeroplane for a pusher it could not escape the drag penalty imposed by its tail structure and was no match for the Albatros fighters of late 1916.
 The Dodge Mirada was a mid-sized rear-wheel drive coupe built from 1980–83 and was one of the three cars based on the Chrysler J platform the other models being the second generation Chrysler Cordoba and the Imperial these three vehicles being Chrysler's response to the downsizing of its car lines. The Mirada was 800 lb (360 kg) lighter and its wheelbase 2.3 shorter (112.7 vs 115) than the Magnum it replaced.
 USS Road Runner (AMc-35) was a coastal minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.Road Runner was named after the bird of that name: a speedy largely terrestrial bird of the cuckoo family found from California to Mexico and eastward to Texas.Road Runner was built in 1939 as Treasure Island California by Western Boat Yard Tacoma Washington; acquired by the Navy on 27 November 1940 from Mr.
 MS Deutschland is a German-registered cruise ship owned and operated by Peter Deilmann Cruises. She is decorated in the Art Deco style made famous by such classic ocean liners as the SS Ile de France and SS Normandie. The Deutschland was launched in 1998. She carries 513 passengers and 260 crew members.
 The Honda Ballade was a subcompact automobile built by Honda of Japan. It began as a four-door higher equipment content version of the Civic in 1980. The Ballade was developed at the same time the Honda Vigor appeared which was a higher content Honda Accord. The Ballade was sold exclusively in Japan at Honda Verno dealerships alongside the Vigor Prelude CR-X and Quint.
 The Aprilia RSV Mille was a sport motorcycle manufactured by Aprilia from 1998 to 2003. It was offered in three versions RSV Mille RSV Mille R and RSV Mille SP.The first RSV Mille (ME) was made from 1998 to 2000 the updated RSV Mille (RP) from 2001 to 2002 and the last update was made in 2003.With a 998 cc 60-degree V-twin engine built by the Austrian company Rotax the RSV Mille was the first large displacement motorcycle made by Aprilia that up to then had made up to 250cc engines.
 HMS Harwich was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the English Royal Navy launched at Deptford in 1695.The Harwich was wrecked in November 1699 while careening in China.
 HMNZS Hinau (P3556) was a Moa-class inshore patrol vessel of the Royal New Zealand Navy. It was commissioned in 1985 for the Naval Volunteer Reserve and decommissioned in 2007.Hinau is the second ship with this name to serve in the Royal New Zealand Navy. The name comes from a forest tree which is native to New Zealand.
 Mia electric was a French electric car manufacturer . The company based in Cerizay France designed and built electric vehicles made totally in France. The Mia was the company's first all-electric model on the market. The car has a 9.7 kW (13 hp) electric motor with a 8 kWh lithium iron phosphate (LiFePO4 or LFP) battery pack that delivers a range of 90 km (56 mi) and a maximum speed of 100 km/h (62 mph).Production began in June 2011 and sales to the public started in 2012.
 USS Sterope (AK-96) was an Crater-class cargo ship commissioned by the U.S. Navy for service in World War II. She was responsible for delivering troops goods and equipment to locations in the war zone. Sterope (AK-96) ex-SS James Wilson (MC hull 183) was laid down on 9 December 1941 by the Oregon Shipbuilding Co. Portland Oregon; launched on 22 February 1942; sponsored by Mrs. John Spady; acquired by the Navy on 27 March 1943; and commissioned on 14 May 1943 Lt. Comdr. Leo P.
 HMS Ledbury (Pennant L90) was an escort destroyer of the Hunt class Type II. The Royal Navy ordered Ledbury's construction two days after the outbreak of the Second World War and J. I. Thornycroft Ltd laid down her keel at their Southampton yard on 24 January 1940. Air raid damage to the yard delayed her construction and she did not launch until 27 September 1941. Her initial assignment was to perform escort duties between Scapa Flow and Iceland.
 The 155 series (155系) was an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by Japanese National Railways (JNR) from 1959 until 1983. They were originally designed for and used on school excursion trains running between Tokyo and the Keihanshin Kyoto/Osaka/Kobe area via the Tokaido Main Line.
 Atlantic Oak is a tug boat based out of Halifax Nova Scotia. She is owned by Atlantic towing Limited which is owned by Irving Shipbuilding. Atlantic Oak was built by East Isle Shipyard Ltd. in P.E.I and was commissioned in 2004. One of her duties in the Harbour is to assist in launches at the Halifax Shipyard. She also guides many tankers and bulk freighters along with other large ships into port.
 USS Speed (AM-116) was an Auk-class minesweeper acquired by the United States Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.Speed was laid down at Cleveland Ohio on 17 November 1941 by the American Ship Building Company launched on 18 April 1942 and commissioned on 15 October 1942 Comdr. Ernest L. Posey in command.
 HMIS Malwa (J55) was a Bangor class minesweeper which served in the Royal Indian Navy (RIN) during World War II. She was transferred to Pakistan in 1948 after the Partition of India and eventually renamed PNS Peshawar.
  The DKW F2 was a small car produced at the company’s Zwickau plant by DKW (part of the Auto Union) between 1932 and 1935. Launched at the Berlin Motor Show in April 1932 it shared its 584cc engine and front wheel drive configuration with its predecessor but came with a longer wheelbase and a larger body.Known within the company and in retrospect as the DKW F2 this was the first of several successive small DKWs cars to be marketed using the more pleasing name “DKW Meisterklasse”.
 The Continental Navy xebec Champion commanded by Captain James Josiah served in the Delaware River in a force composed of ships of the Continental and Pennsylvania State Navy during the American Revolution. It was this force that contested British efforts to establish sea communications with their forces in Philadelphia in the fall of 1777. After several months of fighting against heavy odds the American ships attempted to run past Philadelphia.
 The Volkswagen EA489 Basistransporter was a small front-wheel drive platform truck with a front-mounted Volkswagen air-cooled engine.
 USS Dortch (DD-670) was a Fletcher-class destroyer of the United States Navy the only Navy ship named for Isaac Foote Dortch who was awarded the Navy Cross.Dortch (DD-670) was laid down on 2 March 1943 and launched 20 June 1943 by Federal Shipbuilding and Drydock Company Kearny New Jersey; sponsored by Miss M.C. Dortch daughter of Captain Dortch; and commissioned 7 August 1943 Lieutenant Commander R.C. Young in command.
 The Dash 8 Series is a line of diesel-electric freight locomotives built by GE Transportation Systems. It replaced the Dash 7 Series in the mid-1980s and was superseded by the Dash 9 Series in the mid-1990s.All models of the Dash 8 Series are powered by a 16- or 12-cylinder turbocharged GE 7FDL 4-stroke diesel engine.
 USS New Orleans (CA-32) (formerly CL-32) was a United States Navy heavy cruiser the lead ship of her class. The New Orleans-class were the last U.S. cruisers built to the specifications and standards of the Washington Naval Treaty of 1922. Such ships with a limit of 10000 tons standard displacement and 8-inch calibre main guns may be referred to as treaty cruisers. The term heavy cruiser was not defined until the London Naval Treaty in 1930.
 New York Central Tugboat 16 was a railroad tugboat built in 1924 for car float service. The vessel operated with the New York Central Railroad from its completion until its retirement in 1969. In 1982 it was moved to dry land at Bourne Massachusetts where it remained as a local attraction until it was dismantled in 2006.
 Goggomobil was a series of microcars produced in the Bavarian town Dingolfing after World War II by Glas.Glas produced three models on the Goggomobil platform: the Goggomobil T sedan the Goggomobil TS coupé and the Goggomobil TL van. The engine was an air-cooled two-stroke two-cylinder unit originally displacing 250 cc but later available in increased sizes of 300 cc and 400 cc. It had an electric pre-selective transmission built by Getrag and a manual clutch.
 The Mitsubishi ATD-X Shinshin is a prototype fifth-generation jet fighter that uses advanced stealth technology. It is being developed by the Japanese Ministry of Defense Technical Research and Development Institute (TRDI) for research purposes. The main contractor of the project is Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. Many consider this aircraft to be Japan's first domestically made stealth fighter. ATD-X is an acronym meaning Advanced Technology Demonstrator – X.
 Gabrielle Giffords (LCS-10) will be an Independence-class littoral combat ship of the United States Navy. The ship is named after former United States Representative Gabrielle Giffords who was shot along with eighteen other people during the 2011 shooting in Tucson Arizona. The ship's name was announced by Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus on 10 February 2012.
 USS Paul G. Baker (DE-642) was a Buckley-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy named in honor of Lieutenant (junior grade) Paul G. Baker (1910–42) a naval aviator who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for heroism during the Battle of the Coral Sea.Paul G. Baker was laid down on 26 September 1943 by Bethlehem Steel Co. San Francisco California; launched on 12 March 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Katherine E. Baker; and commissioned on 25 May 1944 Lieutenant Commander W.
 The Soviet locomotive class LV (Russian: ЛВ) was a Soviet main freight steam locomotive type. Between 1952 and 1956 522 locomotives were built.
 USS Parche (SSN-683) a Sturgeon-class submarine was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the parche /ˌpɑrˈtʃeɪ/ a small coral reef butterfly fish. Parche is the most decorated ship in U.S. Navy history.
 USS Sandpiper (AM-51) was a Lapwing-class minesweeper. Laid down on 15 November 1918 at the Philadelphia Navy Yard Philadelphia Pennsylvania and launched on 28 April 1919 USS Sandpiper (Minesweeper No.51) was commissioned on 9 October 1919 redesignated AM-51 on 17 February 1920 and reclassified as a Small Seaplane Tender AVP-9 on 22 January 1936.
 The Arado SD III was a fighter biplane developed in Germany in the 1920s. It was developed in parallel with the SD II and shared most of that aircraft's airframe design. The main differences were connected with the powerplant installation which in turn required a shorter forward fuselage and redesigned undercarriage.
 RFA Olna (A216) was one of two ships built for Shell. She was originally named Hyalina and taken up for Fleet Service soon after building.She was taken into service as a fleet tanker of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary. The ship was built for service with the British Pacific Fleet against Japan and was commissioned into the Royal Navy for that purpose. However after the Second World War the ship was quickly transferred to the RFA making the move in 1946.
 USS Phaon (ARB-3) was one of twelve Aristaeus-class battle damage repair ships built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named for Phaon (in Greek mythology a boatman of Mitylene in Lesbos) she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.Originally laid down as LST-15 by the Tampa (Florida) Shipbuilding Company on 17 September 1942; reclassified as a battle damage repair ship 25 January 1943; launched 30 January 1943; sponsored by Mrs. Marion D.
 The Embraer Legacy 450 is a Brazilian business jet being developed Embraer.
 HMS Santa Margarita was a 36-gun fifth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy. She had been built for service with the Spanish Navy but was captured after five years in service eventually spending nearly 60 years with the British.
 USS West Coast (ID-3315) was a cargo ship for the United States Navy during World War I. The ship was laid down as SS War Dagger but launched in July 1918 as SS West Coast and reverted to that name at the end of her Navy service.SS West Coast was a steam-powered for the United States Shipping Board (USSB) as part of the West boats a series of steel-hulled cargo ships built on the West Coast of the United States for the World War I war effort.
 The IVECO Turbocity is a class of Italian buses built between 1989 and 1996 by IVECO. Replacing the Effeuno they consisted of three variants with different internal arrangement: IVECO 480 for urban services IVECO 580 for suburban services and IVECO 680 for interurban services.The buses were provided (depending from the sub-manufacturer chosen by the customer) with two different chassis length 95 m 10.5 m and 12 m.
 État 141-001 to 141-250 was a series of 2-8-2 steam locomotives of the Chemins de Fer de l'État.
 Minoo (箕面) was a minelayer of the Imperial Japanese Navy which was in service during the final stages of World War II. She was the lead ship of what was intended to be a two-vessel class but her sister ship designated Vessel #1822 was not completed before the end of the war.
 The Hawker P.1121 was an unbuilt British design for a supersonic fighter aircraft. The design was to be powered by either the de Havilland Gyron Bristol Olympus or Rolls-Royce Conway engines it was designed by a team headed by Sydney Camm and funded as a company project to meet an Air Ministry Operational Requirement (OR.339).
 USS McCormick (DD-223/AG-118) was a Clemson-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was named for Lieutenant junior grade Alexander McCormick Jr.McCormick was laid down 11 August 1919 by William Cramp & Sons; launched 14 February 1920; sponsored by Miss Katherine McCormick sister of Lieutenant (jg.) McCormick; and commissioned 30 August 1920 Lieutenant Commander L. C. Scheibla in command.
 The Alstom Metropolis C830 trains are the second generation of communication-based train control (CBTC) rolling stock to be used in Singapore’s Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) lines. Alstom was contracted in 2000 (as part of turnkey contract Contract C830) by the Land Transport Authority (LTA) in Singapore to supply the trains for the Circle Line.
 The PZL Bielsko SZD-50 Puchacz (Polish: Eagle Owl) is a Polish two-place training and aerobatic sailplane.
 USS Millicoma (AO-73) was a United States Navy fleet oiler which served in the Pacific Theatre during World War II winning eight battle stars for her dangerous work.
 The second USS Ossipee (WPG-50) was a United States Coast Guard cutter that served in the Coast Guard from 1915 to 1917 in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1919 in the Coast Guard again from 1919 to 1941 and in the Navy again from 1941 to 1945.Ossipee built by Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Corporation Newport News Virginia as a cruising cutter was launched in 1915. Accepted by the United States Government on 10 July 1915 she commissioned on 28 July 1915.
 The 'Colibri' is a one-person light electric vehicle developed by Innovative Mobility Automobile in Jena Germany.
 The Buxton Hjordis was a single-seat sailplane built by Slingsby Sailplanes Ltd. in the UK to a design by G.M Buxton. Only one was constructed and was flown by Philip Wills at competitions in Europe between 1935-7.
 The Fokker A.I (Fokker designation M.8) was a two-seat observation aircraft of the 1910s powered by a 75 kW (100 hp) Oberursel engine. The aircraft resembled the Fokker E.I. The A.IIs were A.Is license-built by Halberstadt. The origins of the A.I A.II and A.III were in a Morane-Saulnier Type H purchased from France. This led to the Fokker M.5 designed by Kreutzer. Fokker gave many aerobatic demonstrations in the M.5 on the eve of World War I.
 The British Rail Class 73 is a United Kingdom model of electro-diesel locomotive. The type is unusual in that it can operate from the Southern Region's 650/750 V DC third-rail or an on-board diesel engine to allow it to operate on non-electrified routes. This makes it very versatile although the diesel engine produces less power than is available from the third-rail supply so the locomotives rarely stray from the former Southern Region of British Rail.
 Sadko was a Russian and Soviet icebreaker ship of 3800 tonnes displacement. She was named after Sadko a hero of a Russian bylina.She was built in Newcastle upon Tyne (England) in 1912. The length of the ship was 78 metres (256 ft) and its width was 11.4 metres (37 ft). The vessel was originally constructed for the Reid Newfoundland Company for the ferry service in Newfoundland and was part of the Alphabet Fleet and christened Lintrose. She was sold to the Russian Government in 1915.
 HMS Thorn (N11) was a T-class submarine of the Royal Navy. She was laid down by Cammell Laird & Co Limited Birkenhead and launched in March 1941.
 HMS Verulam was an Admiralty V-class destroyer of the Royal Navy. She was built by Hawthorn Leslie and was launched on 3 October 1917. She struck a mine off the island of Seiskari in the Gulf of Finland on the night between 3–4 September 1919 and sank.The sunken destroyer was given to the state of Finland on 12 December 1919 together with her sister ship Vittoria; however when salvage efforts began in 1925 it was found that both ships were broken in two and impossible to repair.
 The Opel 4/8 PS or known as the doctor's car (Doktorwagen in German) is an automobile from the German automaker Adam Opel KG.
 RFA King Salvor (A291) initially HMS King Salvor (W191) was the lead ship of a class of 12 salvage vessels of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary. A 13th ship was completed as a submarine rescue vessel for the Royal Navy as HMS Reclaim.King Salvor was built by Wm. Simons & Co. Ltd. of Renfrew as Allegiance launched on 18 May 1942 and commissioned on 17 July 1942.
 The British Rail Class 442 Wessex Electric (or 5WES) electrical multiple units were introduced in 1988 on the South Western Main Line from London Waterloo to Southampton Central Bournemouth Poole and Weymouth. Twenty-four of these 5-car units were built in 1988/89 by BREL at its Derby works. Their introduction coincided with the completion of electrification from Bournemouth to Weymouth.
 USS Jennings County (LST-846) was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named after Jennings County Indiana she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.Originally laid down as LST-846 by the American Bridge Company of Ambridge Pennsylvania on 27 October 1944; the ship was launched on 12 December sponsored by Mrs. L. P. Quill; and commissioned on 9 January 1945.
 The Faulknor class were a class of flotilla leaders that were under construction in the United Kingdom for the Chilean Navy at the outbreak of World War I. These ships were purchased by the British taken over and completed for the Royal Navy for wartime service. In common with Royal Navy convention they were named after famous Royal Navy captains of the past in this case the members of the Faulknor family.
 German submarine U-103 was a Type IXB U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine that operated during World War II. She was one of the most successful boats in the entire war sinking over 237000 tons of Allied shipping in 11 patrols in a career lasting more than four years.U-103 was laid down on 6 September 1939 at AG Weser in Bremen as 'werk' 966. She was launched on 12 April 1940 and commissioned on 5 July under the command of Korvettenkapitän Victor Schütze.
 HMS Flying Fish was the American-built schooner Flying Fish launched in 1801. She became the French privateer schooner Poisson Volant which the British captured in 1803 in the West Indies and took into the Royal Navy. She captured a privateer and recaptured some small merchant vessels. She was renamed Firefly in 1807 but was lost with all hands when she foundered later that year.
 USS Laura Reed (SP-2009) also listed as ID-2009 was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Laura Reed was built as a civilian schooner of the same name in 1895 at Noank Connecticut. On 27 November 1917 the U.S. Navy chartered her from her owner Henry L. Galpin of New Haven Connecticut for use as a section patrol boat during World War I.
 The Learjet 55 Longhorn is a business jet manufactured by Gates Learjet.
 HMS Orion was a dreadnought battleship of the Royal Navy. Launched in 1910 she was the lead ship of her class; she was the first so-called super-dreadnought being the first British dreadnought to mount guns of calibre greater than twelve inches and the first British dreadnought to have all of its main armament mounted on the centreline.
 USS Zenda (SP-688) was an armed motorboat that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1919.Zenda was a wooden-hulled motorboat built in 1912 at Neponset Massachusetts by George Lawley & Son. She was acquired by the U.S. Navy on 19 May 1917 from Mr. Francis S. Eaton for service with the section patrol during World War I.
 SS Almeda Star originally SS Almeda was a British turbine steamer of the Blue Star Line. She was both an ocean liner and a refrigerated cargo ship providing a passenger service between London and South America and carrying refrigerated beef from South America to London. She was built in 1926 significantly enlarged in 1935 and sunk by enemy action in 1941.
 The Fiat CR.42 Falco (Falcon plural:Falchi) was a single-seat sesquiplane fighter which served primarily in Italy's Regia Aeronautica before and during World War II. The aircraft was produced by the Turin firm and entered service in smaller numbers with the air forces of Belgium Sweden and Hungary. With more than 1800 built it was the most widely produced Italian aircraft to take part in World War II.
 The Model Y is the first Ford automobile specifically designed for markets outside the United States of America replacing the Model A in Europe.
 The 8725 ton Hiyo Maru (飛鷹丸) was the largest member of the Japanese whaling fleet; providing fuel resources and stock storage space for that fleet and its crew. In 1992 it was renamed and re-flagged to Panama as the Oriental Bluebird. According to Greenpeace after a dispute with the Panamanian Government in 2008 it was de-flagged and re-registered to Japan.
 USS Chosin (CG-65) is a Ticonderoga-class guided-missile cruiser serving in the United States Navy. She is named in honor of the Battle of Chosin Reservoir of the Korean War. Commissioned in 1991 she is currently serving in the Pacific Fleet based in Pearl Harbor. She has participated in Operation Southern Watch Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom. She is the first ship of this name.
 The Fokker F.10 was an enlarged version of the Fokker F.VII airliner built in the late 1920s by the Fokker Aircraft Corporation of America. It carried 12 passengers four more than the F.VII and had a larger wing and more powerful engines.Fokker built 65 for U.S. commercial and military service.
 The Alenia Aeronautica Sky-X is a self-financed Unmanned combat air vehicle for demonstration and research purpose; on May 29 2005 it became the first European-designed UAV in the over 1000 kg category to fly with success.
 The seventh-generation Honda Accord for the European and Japanese markets was a mid-sized sedan and wagon produced by Honda from 2002 to 2007.This generation saw the European and Japanese Accord previously separate models converge into one version designed to be more competitive in the European market with the addition of a station wagon and the first Honda-built diesel engine available later in its life.
 USS Tallulah (AO-50) originally named the SS Valley Forge was a Type T2-SE-A1 Suamico-class fleet oiler of the United States Navy.The ship was laid down on 1 December 1941 under a Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 321) at Chester Pennsylvania by the Sun Shipbuilding & Drydock Co.; launched on 25 June 1942; sponsored by Mrs. H. Bowring; acquired by the Navy on 30 July 1942; and commissioned on 5 September 1942 Comdr. Jesse B. Goode in command.
 The Brabus Rocket is a tune-up version of Mercedes-Benz CLS-Class vehicle.
 The Commonwealth Aircraft CA-28 Ceres was a crop-duster aircraft manufactured in Australia by the Commonwealth Aircraft Corporation (CAC) between 1959 and 1963. The aircraft was a development of the Wirraway trainer of World War II .
 The Maybach Zeppelin was the Maybach company's Repräsentationswagen model from 1929 to 1939. Named for the company's famous production of zeppelin engines prior to and during World War I it was an enormous luxury vehicle which weighed approximately 6600 lb. This weight was so great that German drivers required an additional goods vehicle licence for vehicles over 2½ tons. Along with the Voisin and behind the Daimler Double Six this was Europe's joint second luxury V12 car in production.
 The Submillimeter Wave Astronomy Satellite (SWAS) was an astronomical observatory launched on December 5 1998 as part of the Small Explorer program within NASA. Investigators at Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and Goddard Space Flight Center designed the telescope and the spacecraft respectively.The satellite examined microwaves from 487–556 GHz that originated in water molecules molecular oxygen atomic carbon and carbon monoxide in space.
 Beaver was the first steamship to operate in the Pacific Northwest of North America. She made remote parts of the west coast of Canada accessible for maritime fur trading and was chartered by the Royal Navy for surveying the coastline of British Columbia.
 The Holden Brougham is a large luxury automobile which was produced by General Motors–Holden's in Australia between July 1968 and 1971.It was based on the mainstream Holden Premier of the same years but with a lengthened rear body. The boot was simply extended by 8 inches (200 mm) rather than increasing the 111-inch (2800 mm) wheelbase. The Premier's four-headlight grille was also kept. The model was a hasty response to Ford Australia’s successful Fairlane.
 HMS Bellona was the name ship of her sub-class of light cruisers for the Royal Navy. She was a modified Dido-class design with only four turrets but improved anti-aircraft armament. Entering service in 1943 the cruiser operated during World War II as an escort for the Arctic convoys as a jamming ship to prevent the use of radio-controlled bombs and in support of the Omaha Beach landings.In 1946 the cruiser was loaned to the Royal New Zealand Navy.
 HMS Grafton was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built at Portsmouth Dockyard to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment and launched on 29 March 1750.Grafton served until 1767 when she was sold out of the navy.
 The Fokker T.IV was a Dutch torpedo bomber/maritime reconnaissance floatplane of the 1920s and 30s. First flying in 1927 it served with the Dutch Naval Aviation Service in the Dutch East Indies until the remaining aircraft were destroyed during the Japanese invasion in 1942.
 The 733 series (733系) is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by Hokkaido Railway Company (JR Hokkaido) on suburban services in the Sapporo area of Hokkaido Japan since 1 June 2012.
 The 81 class are a class of diesel locomotives built by Clyde Engineering Kelso for the State Rail Authority.
 The Aero A.32 was a biplane built in Czechoslovakia in the late 1920s for army co-operation duties including reconnaissance and tactical bombing. While the design took the Aero A.11 as its starting point (and was originally designated A.11J) the aircraft incorporated significant changes to make it suited for its new low-level role.
 HMS Devonshire was a three-deck 80-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built at Woolwich Dockyard and launched on 12 December 1710. Her design was according to the 1706 Establishment of dimensions as laid down for 80-gun ships.Devonshire was hulked in 1740 and eventually sold out of the navy in 1760.
 The Savoia-Marchetti S.55 was a double-hulled flying boat produced in Italy beginning in 1924. Shortly after its introduction it began setting records for speed payload altitude and range.
 HMS Resolution was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built by Sir Joseph Allin according to the 1706 Establishment at Deptford Dockyard and launched on 25 March 1708.Resolution was wrecked in 1711.
 Southern Railway 542 is a steam locomotive built in 1903 by the Baldwin Locomotive Works for the Southern Railway. It is a 2-8-0 Consolidation of Southern's J class.
 Epsilon is General Motors' mid-size front-wheel drive automobile platform. The architecture was developed by Opel and debuted in the 2002 Opel Vectra and 2003 Saab 9-3. Since this platform falls squarely in the center of the worldwide automobile market GM plans to produce a great many Epsilon vehicles with over a dozen variations. As of 2005 it is GM's highest volume worldwide platform.
 The Orbital Sciences X-34 was intended as a low-cost testbed to demonstrate key technologies integratable to the Reusable Launch Vehicle program. It was intended to be an autonomous pilotless craft powered by a 'Fastrac' liquid rocket engine capable of reaching Mach 8 and performing 25 test flights per year. The X-34 began as a program for a suborbital reusable-rocket technology demonstrator.
 The De Bernardi M.d.B. 02 Aeroscooter is a two seat light sport aircraft designed by Mario De Bernardi as a follow on to the single seat Partenavia P.53 Aeroscooter.
 The Bristol Belle (G-AVTL) was the name given to the first modern hot air balloon in Britain. The balloon was created from an idea developed by members of the Bristol Gliding Club in the UK. Following developments by Ed Yost in the United States members of the Bristol Gliding Club decided to create their own hot air balloon.
 The Ethan Allen class of fleet ballistic missile submarine was an evolutionary development from the George Washington class. The Ethan Allen together with the George Washington Lafayette James Madison and Benjamin Franklin classes comprise the 41 for Freedom.Rather than being designed as Skipjack class attack submarines with a missile compartment added the Ethan Allens were designed from scratch as Fleet Balistic Missile (FBM) submarines carrying the Polaris A-2 missile.
 USS George A. Johnson (DE-583) was a Rudderow-class destroyer escort in the United States Navy during World War II and later served as a Navy Reserve training ship.George A. Johnson was laid down by Bethlehem-Hingham Shipyard Hingham Massachusetts 24 November 1943; launched 12 January 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Alfred R. Johnson Private Johnson's mother; and commissioned 15 April 1944 Lieutenant Commander Alvin Robinson in command.After shakedown off Bermuda George A.
 The EP20 (ЭП20) is a type of 6 axle Bo'Bo'Bo' electric passenger locomotive being built for Russian Railways by Transmashholding's Novocherkassk Electric Locomotive Plant. The locomotive was designed by Tekhnologii Relsovogo Transporta (TRTrans) a joint venture between Transmashholding and Alstom.An order for 200 locomotives was placed in 2010 and the first production unit formally presented in 2012.
 The South African Class GE 2-8-2+2-8-2 of 1925 is a South African steam locomotive from the South African Railways era.Between 1925 and 1931 the South African Railways placed eighteen Class GE Garratt articulated locomotives with a 2-8-2+2-8-2 wheel arrangement in service.
 The Boeing YAL-1 Airborne Laser Testbed (formerly Airborne Laser) weapons system is a megawatt-class chemical oxygen iodine laser (COIL) mounted inside a modified Boeing 747-400F. It is primarily designed as a missile defense system to destroy tactical ballistic missiles (TBMs) while in boost phase. The aircraft was designated YAL-1A in 2004 by the U.S. Department of Defense.The YAL-1 with a low-power laser was test-fired in flight at an airborne target in 2007.
 The Aeronca C-2 is an American ultralight monoplane designed by Jean A. Roche and built by Aeronca Aircraft.
 USS Racine (PF-100) a Tacoma-class frigate was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for Racine Wisconsin.The first Racine (PF-100) was laid down by the American Ship Building Company in Cleveland Ohio 14 September 1943; launched on 15 March 1944 sponsored by Mrs. Francis H. Wendt; and commissioned on 22 January 1945 at Houston Texas with Lieutenant Commander C. H. Waring USCG in command.
 MS Prinsendam a Holland-America liner built at Shipyard de Merwede in the Netherlands in 1973 was 427 feet long and typically carried about 350 passengers and 200 crew members. The liner was sailing through the Gulf of Alaska approximately 120 miles south of Yakutat Alaska at midnight on October 4 1980 when a fire broke out in the engine room.
 Originally named USS Manayuk after a town in Pennsylvania USS Ajax was a single-turreted Canonicus-class monitor built for the Union Navy during the American Civil War. Completed after the end of the war Ajax was laid up until 1871 although she received her new name in 1869. The ship was briefly activated in 1871 before a much longer commission began in 1874–75. She was assigned to the North Atlantic Squadron during this time. Ajax was again placed in reserve in 1891.
 The Krunichev T-411 Aist (en: Stork) is a Russian light utility monoplane designed by the Russian company Aeroprogress and placed into production by the Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center. A version is marketed in the United States as the Aeroprogress T-411 Wolverine powered by a Continental TSIO-550-B.
 The Microleve ML 450 (sometimes ML450) is a Brazilian microlight aircraft that was designed and produced by Microleve of Rio de Janeiro. When it was available the aircraft was supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft or as a kit for amateur construction.
 The fourth USS St. Louis Cruiser No. 20 (C-20) was the lead ship of her class of protected cruisers in the United States Navy. St. Louis was launched on 6 May 1905 by Neafie & Levy Company Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was sponsored by Miss Gladys Bryant Smith and commissioned on 18 August 1906 with Captain Nathaniel R. Usher in command.
 Edward J. Moran is a tugboat built in 2006 by Washburn and Doughty Associates in the port of East Boothbay Maine. Built for the Moran Towing Corporation of New Canaan Connecticut the tug was profiled in Popular Mechanics as the world's most powerful tugboat. The boat works out of Georgia and its tasks include escorting gas carriers transporting liquefied natural gas.
 The Weymann W-1 was a French single seat biplane fighter aircraft built during World War I. It had a most unusual layout with an engine buried in the fuselage driving a pusher configuration propeller behind a cruciform tail. It was not successful and soon abandoned.
 USS Vendace (SS-430) a proposed World War II Balao-class submarine was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the vendace a species of whitefish native to Lochmaben in Scotland. Her construction by the Cramp Shipbuilding Company at Philadelphia Pennsylvania was authorized but the contract for her construction was cancelled on 29 July 1944.
 SS Republic was a sidewheel steamship originally named Tennessee (also named USS Mobile for a time) lost in a hurricane off the coast of Georgia in October 1865 en route to New Orleans.In 2003 the wreck was located 100 mi (160 km) off the coast of Savannah Georgia and artifacts are on display in selected museums along with video stories about passengers and crew members.
 The Émeraude is a nuclear submarine from the first-generation of attack submarines by the French Navy.She is the fourth of the Rubis series.
 Cluster was a constellation of four European Space Agency spacecraft which were launched on the maiden flight of the Ariane 5 rocket Flight 501 and subsequently lost when that rocket failed to achieve orbit. The launch which took place on Tuesday 4 June 1996 ended in failure due to an error in the software design caused by assertions having been turned off which in turn caused inadequate protection from integer overflow.
 The Active was a wooden ketch that was wrecked on the Oyster bank at the entrance of Newcastle Harbour New South Wales near the previously wrecked Colonist on 19 January 1898 while carrying a cargo of ironbark to Morpeth New South Wales under the command of Captain P. Williams. There were no casualties but the ship was lost. The wreck has not been located but the approximate co-ordinates of the shipwreck are 32.92°S 151.79°E﻿ / -32.92; 151.79.
 USCGC Barataria (WAVP-381) later WHEC-381 was a Casco-class United States Coast Guard cutter in service from 1949 to 1969.
 The ASW 24 is a modern single seat high performance composite Standard Class sailplane.
 The Falls of Halladale was a four-masted iron-hulled barque that was built in 1886 for the long-distance bulk carrier trade. Her dimensions were 83.87m x 12.64m x 7.23m and she displaced 2085 GRT and 2026 NRT. Built for the Falls Line (Wright Breakenridge & Co. Glasgow Scotland) at the shipyard of Russell & Co. Greenock on the River Clyde she was named after a rather small waterfall on the Halladale River in the Caithness district of Scotland.
 The SS Gothenburg was a steamship that operated along the British and then later the Australian and New Zealand coastlines. In February 1875 she left Darwin Australia en route to Adelaide when she encountered a cyclone-strength storm off the north Queensland coast. The ship was wrecked on the Great Barrier Reef north-west of Holbourne Island on 24 February 1875.
 The Elias TA-1 was a 1920s American biplane training aircraft built by Elias. Only three aircraft were built for evaluation by the United States Army Air Service.The TA-1 (a United States military designation Trainer Aircooled No. 1) was designed to meet a United States Army requirement for a training aircraft for the air service. The TA-1 was a conventional two-seat biplane.
 USS Hillsborough County (LST-827) was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named after Hillsborough County Florida she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.Originally laid down as USS LST-827 by the Missouri Valley Bridge & Iron Company of Evansville Indiana on 13 October 1944; launched 22 November; sponsored by Mrs. Clark H. Woodward; and commissioned 12 December with Lieutenant R. L. Olander in command.
 The Hedley Hi-V a New York City Subway car was built between 1910 and 1911 which were motor cars and then in 1915 an order for trailers that were numbered 4223-4514. These were the first cars built with center doors.
 The Rans S-10 Sakota is an American single-engined tractor configuration two-seats in side-by-side configuration mid-wing monoplane designed by Randy Schlitter for aerobatics and manufactured by Rans Inc. The Sakota is available in kit form for amateur construction.Production of the S-10 was ended as part of Rans' extensive reorganization of its product line on 1 June 2006 after having been available for 18 years but the S-10 was reintroduced in about 2009 and is again available.
 HMS Rodney (pennant number 29) was one of two Nelson-class battleships built for the Royal Navy in the mid-1920s. She was named after Admiral Lord Rodney.
 The Stout 3-AT trimotor was the first all-metal trimotor built in America. The poorly performing tri-motor led to an updated design which became the popular Ford Tri-Motor.
 The Kellner-Béchereau EC.4 and Kellner-Béchereau ED.5 were a pair of French training aircraft with side-by-side seating and a novel double wing patented by their designer Louis Béchereau. The principal difference was that the EC.4 had an all-wood structure whereas the ED.5 was all-metal. Both were single-engine mid-wing cantilever monoplanes.
 The Alpi Pioneer 200 is an Italian ultralight and light-sport aircraft designed produced by Alpi Aviation of Pordenone. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 The 4000 Series PCC was a streetcar used by the Port Authority of Allegheny County. The PCC streetcar was designed by the Presidents' Conference Committee a group of transit operators in the United States and Canada. The 4000's were a series of cars completely rebuilt from cars built in 1949 by the St. Louis Car Company for Port Authority's predecessor Pittsburgh Railways.
 The Mil Mi-6 (NATO reporting name Hook) given the article number izdeliye 50 and company designation V-6 was a Soviet/Russian heavy transport helicopter that was designed by the Mil design bureau. It was built in large numbers for both military and civil roles.
 The Bentley Mulsanne is a luxury car produced by Bentley Motors Limited in the United Kingdom. The name is derived from Bentley's historical racing pedigree which included five victories at the 24 Hours of Le Mans — the Mulsanne Straight being the stretch of the Le Mans racing circuit where cars reach their highest speeds.
 USS Anderson (DD-411) was a Sims-class destroyer in the United States Navy. She was named for Rear Admiral Edwin Alexander Anderson Jr. a Medal of Honor recipient.Anderson was laid down on 15 November 1937 at Kearny New Jersey by the Federal Shipbuilding and Drydock Company; launched on 4 February 1939; sponsored by Mrs.
 The schooner Separación Dominicana was the first armed Dominican naval vessel of the Dominican War of Independence and is claimed to be the founding vessel of the Dominican Navy. She was captained by Commander Juan Bautista Cambiaso.
 Union Pacific 1983 is an EMD SD70ACe locomotive owned by Union Pacific Railroad. It is one of UP's locomotives painted in the scheme of a predecessor railroad. UP 1983 is painted in Western Pacific Railroad colors. The locomotive was unveiled together with number 1982 (painted in honor of Missouri Pacific Railroad) in a private ceremony on July 30 2005 in Omaha Nebraska after which it entered regular revenue service.
 The Type 722 II class LCAC with NATO reporting name Jinsha II class LCAC (Chinese: 金沙; pinyin: Jīnshā; literally golden sand) is a medium size air-cushioned landing craft (hovercraft) operated by the People's Liberation Army Navy of China. It is frequently but erroneously referred by many as Dagu class its predecessor due to misspelling and lack of information in the 1970s when these projects first appeared. There are also other names for this class mostly resulted in different spellings.
 The Pará class monitors were a group of six wooden-hulled ironclads named after Brazilian states and built in Brazil for the Brazilian Navy during the Paraguayan War in the late 1860s. The first three ships finished Pará Alagoas and Rio Grande participated in the Passagem de Humaitá in February 1868. Afterwards the remaining ships joined the first three and they all provided fire support for the army for the rest of the war.
 Real built in Barcelona at the Royal Shipyard was the largest galley of its time and the flagship of Don Juan de Austria in the Battle of Lepanto in 1571 the largest battle between galleys in history in which a fleet of the Holy League an alliance of Christian powers of the Mediterranean decisively defeated an Ottoman fleet under Grand Admiral (Kaptan-ı Derya) Müezzinzade Ali Pasha.Real and the Turkish galley Sultana flagship of Ali Pacha engaged in direct deck-to-deck combat very soon after the start of the battle. 
 HMAS Wilcannia (FYP2 WN) was a 1049-ton anti-submarine and patrol vessel of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).Wyrallah was built in 1934 by Burmeister & Wain Copenhagen as a cargo passenger motor vessel for the North Coast Steam Navigation Company.She plied the Richmond River to Sydney run. At the start of World War II Wyrallah was requisitioned and was commissioned into the RAN as an anti-submarine vessel on 2 September 1940.
 Savorgnan de Brazza was an Bougainville-class aviso of the French Navy. She was designed to operate from French colonies in Asia and Africa launched in June 1931 served in the Second World War and was scrapped in 1957.
 HMAS Anzac was a Parker-class destroyer leader that served in the Royal Navy (as HMS Anzac) and the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). Launched in early 1917 and commissioned into the Royal Navy Anzac led the 14th Destroyer Flotilla of the Grand Fleet during the First World War. In 1919 she and five other destroyers were transferred to the RAN with Anzac commissioning as an Australian warship in 1920.
 USS Willard Keith (DD-775) an Allen M. Sumner-class destroyer is currently the only completed ship of the United States Navy ever named for Willard Keith a United States Marine Corps captain who died in combat during the campaign for Guadalcanal. He was awarded the Navy Cross for his actions. Willard Keith (DD-775) was laid down on 5 March 1944 at San Pedro California by the Bethlehem Steel Co.; launched on 29 August 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Willard W. Keith the mother of Capt.
 The Partenavia P.59 Jolly was an Italian two-seat training monoplane designed by Partenavia to meet a requirement for the Aero Club d'Italia.
 The Asia (Russian: А́зия) was a cruiser of the Imperial Russian Navy. The ship was one of three merchantmen purchased in the United States by the Russian government in 1878 to be transformed into cruisers; the State of California became the Europa the Saratoga became the Afrika and the Columbus became the Asia.The steamship Columbus was built 1873/74 in Philadelphia and was purchased by the Russians in May 1878.
 Lenin (Russian: Ленин) is a decommissioned Soviet nuclear-powered icebreaker. Launched in 1957 she was both the world's first nuclear-powered surface ship and the first nuclear-powered civilian vessel. Lenin entered operation in 1959 and worked clearing sea routes for cargo ships along Russia's northern coast. She was officially decommissioned in 1989. She was subsequently converted to a museum ship and is now permanently based at Murmansk.
 The Chevrolet One-Fifty or 150 was the economy/fleet model of the Chevrolet car from 1953 to 1957. It took its name by shortening the production series number (1500) by one digit in order to capitalize on the numerical auto name trend of the 1950s. The numerical designation 150 was also sporadically used in company literature. It replaced the Styleline Special model available in previous years. This model was dropped following the 1957 model year and replaced by the Delray.
 Stena Explorer is a high-speed ferry owned by Stena Line and operated on their Holyhead–Dún Laoghaire service between Great Britain and Ireland. It is a member of the HSS 1500 class of high-speed ferries introduced and developed by Stena Line from 1996 onwards. The HSS 1500 class vessels are the largest catamarans in the world.
 The Dryad-class torpedo gunboat was the last class of torpedo gunboat built for the Royal Navy. This type of vessel was rapidly replaced by the faster torpedo boat destroyer and all of the class were converted to minesweepers during World War I with the exception of Hazard which became a submarine depot ship.
 The Westland N.1B was a prototype British single-engined floatplane fighter aircraft of the First World War. The first aircraft to be designed by Westland Aircraft it was a single-engined tractor biplane. Despite good performance only two aircraft were built the Royal Naval Air Service operating landplane fighters from ships instead.
 USS John L. Lockwood (1854) was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was needed by the Navy to be part of the fleet of ships to prevent blockade runners from entering ports in the Confederacy.John L. Lockwood built at Athens New York in 1854; was purchased at New York City 1 September 1861; and commissioned at Washington D.C. 21 September Acting Master William F. North in command.
 The Alexander ALX500 is a 3-axle double-decker bus body built by Alexander of the United Kingdom. It was one of the ALX-series which accounted for 5 different models (100/200/300/400/500) all of the models except the ALX100 featured the same designs on the front and rear panels that were originally designed for the new generation of mainly low-floor bus chassis produced since the late 1990s.The ALX500 came in lengths of 10.6 11.3 and 12 meters (35 37 and 40 foot).
 HMAS Swordsman (H11) was an Admiralty S class destroyer of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). Built for the Royal Navy during World War I the ship was not completed until 1919 and was transferred to the RAN at the start of 1920. The destroyer's career was uneventful with most of it spent moored in Sydney. Swordsman was decommissioned in 1929 and was sold for ship breaking in 1937.
 MV Tynwald VI was a roll-on-roll-off car and cargo vessel operated by the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company between 1986 and 1990 the sixth ship in the history of the line to bear the name. Built as Antrim Princess for service on the Stranraer - Larne route she was chartered under her original name until 1986.
 SS Fairport was a Type C2-S-E1 cargo ship built by Gulf Shipbuilding for the Waterman Steamship Company. She was sunk by German submarine U-161 on 16 July 1942. All hands were rescued by an American destroyer.
 The Peninsula Princess is a single ended roll-on/roll-off vehicle ferry owned by Peninsula Searoad Transport of Victoria Australia. It operated between the heads of Port Phillip Bay between the towns of Queenscliff and Sorrento from 1987 to 1993. It was replaced by the MV Queenscliff.In 2004 the ferry was sighted docked in the Tamar River in Launceston Tasmania.
 The Geo Metro was a marketing and manufacturing variation of the Suzuki Cultus available in North America from 1989 through 2001 as a joint effort of GM and Suzuki. In the US the Metro carried a Geo nameplate from 1989 through 1997 and a Chevrolet nameplate from 1998 to 2001.
 USS Admiral W. S. Sims (AP-127) was a transport in the United States Navy. She was later renamed USNS General William O. Darby (T-AP-127). Later her name was struck and she was known simply by her hull number. In 1981 she was reclassified as IX-510.
 Columbia Rediviva (commonly known as the Columbia) was a privately owned ship under the command of John Kendrick along with Captain Robert Gray best known for going to the Pacific Northwest for the maritime fur trade. The Rediviva (Latin revived) was added to her name upon a rebuilding in 1787.
 The Cessna 340 is a twin piston engine pressurized business aircraft that was manufactured by Cessna.The Cessna 335 is an unpressurized version which appears the same externally as the 340. It was much less successful than the 340.
 The CAMS 33 was a reconnaissance flying boat built in France in the early 1920s. It was designed in response to a French Navy requirement for new flying boats for various roles.
 The Sopwith Dragon was a British single-seat fighter biplane developed from the Sopwith Snipe.
 The Akaflieg Darmstadt D-40 is an experimental variable geometry single seat sailplane fitted with almost full span camber changing flaps for optimum aerodynamics in weak thermals and integrated into the wing so as to minimise flap tip drag. One flew successfully but the D-40 like other variable geometry sailplanes was not commercialised.
 USS Saidor (CVE-117) was a Commencement Bay class escort carrier of the United States Navy.Originally named the Saltery Bay she was renamed on 5 June 1944 was laid down on 29 September 1944 by Todd-Pacific Shipyards Inc. Tacoma Washington; launched on 17 March 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Walter F. Boone; and commissioned on 4 September 1945 Capt. A. P. Storrs in command.Following shakedown off the United States west coast she served at Pearl Harbor from 12 December 1945 to 20 March 1946.
 The third USS Warren was a sloop-of-war that served in the United States Navy from 1799 to 1801.
 HMS Mosambique was the French privateer schooner Mosambique built in 1798 which the British captured in 1804. She served in the West Indies engaging in several indecisive single-ship actions before she captured one French privateer. She was sold there in 1810.
 The Citroën Méhari is a utility car and off-roader produced by the French automaker Citroën. 144953 Méharis were built between the car's French launch in May 1968 and 1988 when production ceased. A méhari is a type of fast-running dromedary camel which can be used for racing or transport. A méhariste was a French Armée d'Afrique and Army of the Levant cavalryman that used these camels.The Méhari was based on the Citroën Dyane 6 and had a body made of ABS plastic with a soft-top.
 Vettor Pisani was an Italian Vettor Pisani-class submarine serving the Regia Marina during World War II. It was named after Vettor Pisani a Venetian admiral.Vettor Pisani was laid down in the Cantiere Navale Triestino yards in Monfalcone on 18 November 1925 launched on 24 November 1927 and completed for the Regia Marina on 16 June 1929. Vettor Pisani is most famous as having Junio Valerio Borghese as commander for a short time during the Second World War.
 Waaksamheyd was a Dutch 300 ton burthen snow that was hired to transport supplies to the colony of New South Wales. Under the command of Deter Smit the vessel transported supplies to Port Jackson in 1790 from Batavia (Jakarta). Captain John Hunter was transported back to England in 1792 on board the Waaksamheyd.
 SS Politician was an 8000-ton cargo ship owned by T & J Harrison of Liverpool. It left Liverpool on 3 February 1941 bound for Kingston Jamaica and New Orleans with a cargo including 28000 cases of malt whisky. The ship sank off the north coast of Eriskay in the Outer Hebrides off the west coast of Scotland and much of the wreck's cargo was salvaged by the island's inhabitants. The story of the wreck and looting was the basis for the book and film Whisky Galore!.
 HMS Sandwich was a 90-gun second rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 14 April 1759 at Chatham.Sandwich participated in the Battle of Cape St Vincent in 1780 where she served as Admiral Rodney's flagship.She was converted to serve as a floating battery in 1780 and from 1790 she was on harbour service. Sandwich was broken up in 1810.She was Richard Parker's flagship in the 1797 Nore Mutiny made up of 28 ships. The ship was later used to hang the leaders of the mutiny.
 The Atami-class gunboats (熱海型砲艦 Atami-gata hōkan) were a class of riverine gunboats of the Imperial Japanese Navy. The class consisted of two vessels: Atami (熱海) and Futami (二見).
 The SuperJet is a personal watercraft (PWC) made by Yamaha Motor Corporation. The SuperJet is a stand-up PWC. Credit for its design is given to Clayton Jacobson II. Part of Yamaha's WaveRunner line of watercraft it was introduced in 1990 and has become one of the most popular stand-up personal watercraft in history.Body - SMC (sheet molded compound)
 SS Athen was a German merchant ship lost off Portland Bill in the English Channel in 1906. Today the wreck is a dive site.
 The Drake-class was a four-ship class of armoured cruisers built around 1900 for the Royal Navy.
 USS R-24 (SS-101) was an R-class coastal and harbor defense submarine of the United States Navy. Her keel was laid down on 9 May 1919 by the Lake Torpedo Boat Company of Bridgeport Connecticut; the R-boats built by Lake Torpedo Boat (R-21 through R-27) are sometimes considered a separate class from those built by Fore River Shipbuilding (R-1 through R-14) and Union Iron Works (R-15 through R-20). She was launched on 21 August 1918 sponsored by Mrs. Edmund R.
 The Albatros L 59 was a single-seat German utility aircraft of the 1920s. It was a single-engine low-wing cantilever monoplane with large spatted wide track undercarriage attached unusually for the time not to the fuselage but to the wing roots. The whole aircraft was covered in 3-ply.The L.59 was flying by September 1923.
 JS Ashigara (DDG-178) is an Atago class guided missile destroyer in the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF). Ashigara was named for Mount Ashigara and is the first Japanese ship to bear the prefix JS (Japanese Ship) instead of JDS (Japanese Defense Ship).She was laid down by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries in Nagasaki Nagasaki on April 6 2005 launched on August 30 2006; and was commissioned on 13 March 2008.
 The Stena Feronia is a passenger / vehicle ferry owned and operated by Stena Line.
 The Latécoère 5 was a French three-engined biplane bomber prototype of the early 1920s based on the Latécoère 4 passenger aircraft. It did not fly until 1924 and only one was built.
 The Delta 4000 series was an American expendable launch system which was used to conduct two orbital launches in 1989 and 1990. It was a member of the Delta family of rockets. Although several variants were put forward only the Delta 4925 was launched. The designations used a four digit numerical code to store information on the configuration of the rocket.
 The SEAT 124 Sport is a 2-door Coupé car built by the Spanish manufacturer SEAT between 1970 and 1975 having sold 23611 units when its production ceased.The car was presented for the first time at the 1970 Barcelona Motor Show and it was built in Spain under license from Fiat as it had been identical to the Fiat 124 Coupé.
 Brummer was a training ship of the German Kriegsmarine during World War II .
 Barry Railway Class F were 0-6-0ST steam saddle tank engines of the Barry Railway in South Wales. They were designed by J. H. Hosgood and built by a number of British companies.
 USS Union (AKA-106) was a Tolland-class attack cargo ship of the United States Navy the fourth ship with this name and served as a commissioned ship for 25 years and 1 month. She was laid down as a Type C2-S-AJ3 ship named North Carolina (MC 1697) on 27 September 1944 by the North Carolina Shipbuilding Company Wilmington N.C.; launched on 23 November 1944 and renamed Union at the time of launching; sponsored by Mrs. William Olive Burgin; moved to the Bethlehem Shipbuilding Co.
 The Breda Ba.44 was a biplane airliner developed in Italy in the mid-1930s and which saw limited military service when impressed into the Regia Aeronautica as transports.
 HMS Black Prince was a Dido-class light cruiser of the Royal Navy of the Bellona subgroup. The cruiser was commissioned in 1943 and served during World War II on the Arctic convoys during the Normandy landings and as part of the British Pacific Fleet. In 1946 the cruiser was loaned to the Royal New Zealand Navy becoming HMNZS Black Prince. The cruiser was docked for modernisation in 1947 but in April her sailors walked off the ship as part of a series of mutinies in the RNZN.
 SS Teviot Bank was a Bank Liner launched in 1938. She was requisitioned by the Royal Navy for conversion to the auxiliary minelayer HMS Teviot Bank. She one of the first merchant ships (and the slowest) converted for this purpose during World War II. She served in home waters until transferred to the Eastern Fleet in 1941. She then served briefly in the Mediterranean before being returned to the Bank Line (Andrew Weir Shipping & Trading Co. Ltd) in 1944.
 The Sopwith 5F.1 Dolphin was a British fighter aircraft manufactured by the Sopwith Aviation Company. It was used by the Royal Flying Corps and its successor the Royal Air Force during the First World War. The Dolphin entered service on the Western Front in early 1918 and proved to be a formidable fighter. The aircraft was not retained in the postwar inventory however and was retired shortly after the war.
 The SS John B. Cowle (1902) was one of the early Great Lakes bulk freighters known as tin pans. She was the first of two ships named for prominent Cleveland Ohio citizen and shipbuilder John Beswick Cowle. On her maiden voyage in 1909 the Isaac M. Scott rammed the Cowle in heavy fog off Whitefish Point. The Cowle sank in 3 minutes taking 14 of her 24 man crew with her. Artifacts from her wreck were illegally removed in the 1980s.
 USS Olmsted (APA-188/LPA-188) was a Haskell-class attack transport acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II for the task of transporting troops to and from combat areas.
 USS Guam (CB-2) was an Alaska-class large cruiser which served with the United States Navy during the end of World War II. She was the second and last ship of her class to be completed. The ship was the second vessel of the US Navy to be named after the island of Guam an American territory in the Pacific. Due to her commissioning late in the war Guam saw relatively limited service during the war.
 The General Motors K platform (commonly called the K-body) was the automobile platform designation used for the rear wheel drive Cadillac Seville models from 1975 to 1979.The rear-wheel drive K platform was based closely on the very similar 4th generation GM X platform and 2nd generation F-bodies of the 1970s all of which shared many components in common.
 USS Laub (DD-613) was a Benson-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was the second ship named for Henry Laub who was killed during the Battle of Lake Erie in 1813.Laub was laid down 1 May 1941 by Bethlehem Steel Corporation San Pedro California; launched 28 April 1942; sponsored by Miss Barbara Mohun Handley a collateral descendant of Henry Laub; and commissioned 24 October 1942 Lieutenant Commander J. F. Gallaher in command.
 USS Tryon (APH-1) was laid down as SS Alcoa Courier (MC hull 175) on 26 March 1941 by the Moore Dry Dock Company Oakland California and launched on 21 October 1941 sponsored by Mrs. Roy G. Hunt. After the attack on Pearl Harbor she was designated for U.S. Navy use and assigned the name Comfort in June 1942. Comfort was renamed Tryon on 13 August 1942 acquired by the U.S. Navy on 29 September 1942 and commissioned on 30 September 1942 with Comdr. Alfred J. Byrholdt in command.
 German submarine U-38 was a Type IXA U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine that operated during World War II.Her keel was laid down on 15 April 1937 by AG Weser of Bremen as 'werk' 943. She was launched on 9 August 1938 and commissioned on 24 October with Kapitänleutnant Heinrich Liebe in command.U-38 conducted eleven patrols as part of several flotillas. During her career she sank over 30 enemy vessels and damaged a further one.
 The Euler D.I was a German single-seat fighter based on the French Nieuport 11. After seeing the success of the French Nieuport 11 at the front German designer August Euler set about to create a German aircraft based on the Nieuport design. The Euler D.I first flew in late 1916. It was powered by an 80 hp engine with the Euler patented machine gun on the front.
 Benewah was a barracks ship of the US Navy notable for her service in the Vietnam War and as the name ship of her class.
 The C class submarines were five United States Navy submarines built by the Fore River Shipbuilding Company in Quincy Massachusetts under a subcontract from the Electric Boat Company. Built between 1906–1909 and in commission from 1908–1919 all five were subsequently sold for scrap in 1920. They were considerably larger than the preceding B-class at 275 tons submerged vs. 173 tons submerged and were the first US submarines with two-shaft propulsion doubling the machinery of the B-class.
 The Temco TT Pinto was a jet-powered tandem two-place primary trainer aircraft built for the United States Navy by Temco Aircraft of Dallas Texas.
 The steamboat Fortuna was a vessel that operated on Lake Washington in the first part of the 20th Century.
 USS Penguin (AM-33) was a Lapwing-class minesweeper acquired by the United States Navy named after the bird.Penguin was laid down on 17 November 1917 at the New Jersey Dry Dock and Transportation Co. Elizabethport New Jersey; launched on 12 June 1918; and commissioned on 21 November 1918 Lt. (jg) Edgar T. Hammond in command.
 The third USS Relief (YP-2) was a lookout station tender that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1921.Relief was a wooden private motorboat built during 1910 at Yarmouth Maine. Ensign Walter G. Richardson purchased her for the U.S. Navy for World War I service on 13 June 1917 with funds furnished by the Bar Harbor War Relief Committee of Bar Harbor Maine for use as a tender to the lookout station at Crumple Island Maine.
 USS Munalbro was a cargo ship that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919.Munalbro was built as a collier by the Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company at Newport News Virginia in 1916 and went into commercial service with Munson Steamship Lines as SS Munalbro.In September 1917 Munalbro was chartered by the United States Army and by December 1917 she had been armed. On 12 May 1918 she was in a convoy on a crossing from New York City to Plymouth England when the U.S.
 For the UK version see British Rail Class 70 (diesel)The GE PowerHaul is a class of mainline diesel-electric locomotives designed by General Electric. Thirty locomotives were ordered by Freightliner UK in 2007; the first locomotive was completed in July 2009 at GE's Erie Pennsylvania plant.The Turkish state owned rolling stock manufacturer TÜLOMSAŞ has a manufacturing agreement with GE to produce PowerHaul locomotives for European African and Middle-Eastern markets.
 The motor yacht Titanic is a 1900-tonne yacht that was formerly the Japanese Government's research/fishing vessel Toko Maru and later Kelso. In March 2010 she developed a leak while sailing in the Caribbean. Her rescue by the United States Coast Guard was co-ordinated from the United Kingdom.
 The KiHa 189 series (キハ189系) is a diesel multiple unit (DMU) train type operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West) on Hamakaze limited express services between Osaka and Tottori in Japan since November 2010.
 The Type 3 submergence transport vehicle (三式潜航輸送艇 San-Shiki Senkō Yusōtei) was a class of transport submarines of the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA) serving during the Second World War. IJA planned to build over 400 boats however only 38 boats were completed until the end of war. The IJA called them Maru Yu (マルゆ).
 Norfolk and Western Class J is a Class of 4-4-0 steam locomotives of the Norfolk and Western Railroad United States. It was built from 1879 at the Baldwin Locomotive Works Pennsylvania and was retired in 1900. This was the first J class and was followed by the J class of 1903 and the J class of 1941.
 The Meitetsu 4000 series (名鉄4000系) is a commuter electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by Nagoya Railroad (Meitetsu) in Japan since 2008.
 HMS London was a County-class destroyer of the Royal Navy.
 The Porstmouth Aerocar was a British light utility aircraft design of the late 1940s.It was intended to be an aircraft that could be used for a variety of tasks including transport mobile office but only one prototype was built being scrapped in 1950.
 Guerrero was a Spanish slave ship which wrecked in 1827 on a reef near the Florida Keys with 561 Africans aboard. Forty-one of the Africans drowned in the wreck. Guerrero had been engaged in a battle with a British anti-slavery patrol ship HMS Nimble stationed on the northern approaches to Cuba. Nimble also ran onto the reef but was refloated and returned to service.
 The Ducati Monster (called Il Mostro in Italian) is a motorcycle designed by Miguel Angel Galluzzi and produced by Ducati in Bologna Italy since 1993. It is a naked bike characterized by an exposed engine and frame. The deliberate use of the trellis frame in the Ducati Monster is an integral part of the motorcycle's design allowing for both aesthetic appeal and for structural efficiency.In 2005 Monster sales accounted for over half of Ducati's worldwide sales.
 Vasa (or Wasa) is a Swedish warship built 1626-1628. The ship foundered and sank after sailing about 1300 meters (1400 yd) into her maiden voyage on 10 August 1628. She fell into obscurity after most of her valuable bronze cannons were salvaged in the 17th century. After she was located again in the late 1950s in a busy shipping lane just outside the Stockholm harbor she was salvaged with a largely intact hull in 1961.
 The Cirrus SR20 is an American piston engine five-seat composite monoplane built by Cirrus Aircraft of Duluth Minnesota. The SR20 is noted for being the first production general aviation aircraft with a parachute to lower the aircraft safely to the ground after a loss of control or structural failure.
 HMS Siren (most often referred to as Syren in contemporary records) was a sixth-rate post ship of the British Royal Navy in commission between 1745 and 1763 seeing action during the War of the Austrian Succession and the Seven Years' War.
 The Urban Air Samba is a Czech designed and built light aircraft of the 1990s which incorporates composite construction and which is still in series production in 2009.Production of the Urban Air's designs including the Samba was taken up by Distar Air of Ústí nad Orlicí Czech Republic in about 2010.
 The Sphinx-class sailing sixth rates were a series of ten post ships built to a 1773 design by John Williams. Although smaller than true frigates post ships were often referred to incorrectly as frigates by sea officers but not by the Admiralty or Navy Board. The first vessel in the class was launched in 1775 six more in 1776 two in 1777 and the last in 1781. The vessels of the class served in the Royal Navy during the American Revolutionary War.
 The first USS Thetis was a three-masted wooden-hulled steam whaler in the United States Navy used to rescue a polar expedition and later in the Revenue Cutter Service.Thetis was built in 1881 at Dundee Scotland by Alexander Stephen & Sons. She was acquired by the U.S. Navy on 2 February 1884 to be employed by the expedition to relieve the polar exploration party under the command of Lt. Adolphus W. Greely. She sailed from Dundee under the command of Lt. L. L.
 The Eurorunner family of locomotives are a series of medium- to high-power diesel-electric locomotives built by Siemens for the European market.
 MV Port Fairy was a UK merchant vessel built in 1928 for the Commonwealth & Dominion Line Ltd (or Port Line) shipping company and sold in 1965 to Embajada Compania Naviera SA of Piraeus. Named after the coastal town of Port Fairy in Australia she was renamed Taishikan for her final commercial voyage to Hong Kong where she was scrapped.
 USS Iris was a ship of the United States Navy which served in the Pacific in a variety of roles from 1899 until 1916. Originally fitted out as a distilling ship she served as general utility ship then as a collier before being refitted as a torpedo boat tender.
 The R-29 fighter belongs to a number of plane types that were developed in Greece by AEKKEA-RAAB a company founded in this country by Antonius Raab a German airplane designer and his Greek partners. Other reported models of the new company were related to earlier products of the Raab-Katzenstein company that had previously operated in Germany. These included the R-27 single-seat fighter introduced in 1935.
 The Tobu 3000 series (東武3000系 Tōbu 3000-kei) was a commuter electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by the Tobu Railway in Japan.The 3000 series was created by modernizing old Tobu EMU cars dating from the 1920s and 1930s by adding new 18 m long steel bodies based on the 2000 series design with three pairs of sliding doors per side and front ends based on the 8000 series design. The fleet was subdivided into 3000 3050 and 3070 series types.
 HMS Venerable (R63) was a Colossus-class aircraft carrier of the Royal Navy. She served for only the last few months of World War II and in 1948 she was sold to the Netherlands and renamed HNLMS Karel Doorman (R81) and taking part in the military clash in 1962 in Western New Guinea (now Papua and Papua Barat in Indonesia).
 The Oldsmobile Intrigue was a mid-size sedan manufactured from 1998 through 2002 by the Oldsmobile division of General Motors. The Intrigue's design cues were first seen in 1995 with the Oldsmobile Antares concept car. The Intrigue was the first casualty in the phase-out process of Oldsmobile.The Aurora-inspired Intrigue was designed to compete more with Japanese automobiles and replaced the aging Cutlass Supreme.
 HMS Rackham was one of 93 ships of the Ham-class of inshore minesweepers. Their names were all chosen from villages ending in -ham. The minesweeper was named after Rackham in West Sussex.
 Belgica is a Belgian research vessel which was built in 1984. She is manned by the Belgian Naval Component and is in active service under command of corvette captain Luc De Maesschalck.
 The Caudron C.690 was single-seat training aircraft developed in France in the late 1930s to train fighter pilots to handle high-performance aircraft. It was a conventional low-wing cantilever monoplane that bore a strong resemblance to designer Marcel Riffard's racer designs of the same period. Caudron attempted to attract overseas sales for the aircraft but this resulted in orders for only two machines - one from Japan and the other from the USSR.
 The BMW E39 is the BMW 5 Series made between 1995 and 2003. The E39 was the successor of the BMW E34 in 1995 and was replaced by the E60 in 2003. Sales to Germany and most of Western Europe began in 1995 and by 1996 sales to the rest of the world had commenced. A mid-generational refresh appeared in 2000 featuring minute detail changes. At launch the base model was the 520i which developed 112 kilowatts (150 hp) in the pre-update models and 126 kilowatts (170 hp) in later models.
 The IMAM Ro.58 was an Italian twin-engined two-seat monoplane fighter a development of the IMAM Ro.57. First flown in May 1942 it was considered a general improvement over its predecessor mainly due to the substitution of higher power Daimler-Benz DB 601 engines for the Fiat A.74 engines used on the Ro.57.
 The Hyundai RB (hangul:현대 알비 현대RB) is a series of rear engine bus manufactured by the South Korean Hyundai Motor Company.Most models of the bus are distinguishable by a rear engine at bus model is commonly referred to as RB spelling in your Rear engine Bus but the common Hyundai badge is usually used on the rear.In Japan Asia-Pacific Mid-East Africa South America its principal competitors are Asia AM Daewoo BV.
 MS Dieppe Seaways is a fast ropax ferry currently operated between Calais and Dover by DFDS Seaways. She was built in 2002 by the Howaldtswerke-Deutsche Werft (HDW) at Kiel Germany for Superfast Ferries as Superfast X. Between 2007 and 2008 she was owned by Veolia Transport and sailed under the name Jean Nicoli for SNCM COTUNAV and ANEK Lines. In 2008 she was acquired by SeaFrance renamed Molière and served on the Dover-Calais route until January 2012 which saw their liquidation.
 The 113 series (113系) is a Japanese suburban electric multiple unit (EMU) train type introduced in 1963 by Japanese National Railways (JNR) currently operated by Central Japan Railway Company (JR Central) West Japan Railway Company (JR West) and Shikoku Railway Company (JR Shikoku) and formerly also operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).The design was derived from the earlier 111 series and used newer MT54 motors with an output of 120 kW.
 The Orient was an Océan-class 118-gun ship of the line of the French Navy famous for her role as flagship of the French fleet at the Battle of the Nile in August 1798 and for her spectacular destruction that day when her magazines detonated. The event was commemorated by numerous paintings and poems.
 Empire Bruce was a prototype 7459 GRT cargo ship which was built in 1941 by Sir J Laing & Sons for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). She was torpedoed and sunk by U-123 on 18 April 1943.
 HMAS Terka (FY.98) was an auxiliary minesweeper operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) during World War II. The ship was launched as Sir Dudley de Chair in 1925 and operated by the Adelaide Steamship Company until she was requisitioned by the RAN in December 1940. She sank while at her moorings at Madang New Guinea on 26 March 1945 and was abandoned.
 The S-class or Srednyaya (Russian: Средняя medium) submarines were part of the Soviet Navy's underwater fleet during World War II. Unofficially nicknamed Stalinets (Russian: Cталинец follower of Stalin; not to be confused with the submarine L-class L-2 Stalinets of 1931) boats of this class were the most successful and achieved the most significant victories among all Soviet submarines.
 USS General Putnam (1857) -– also known as the USS William G. Putnam—was acquired by the Union Navy during the first year of the American Civil War and outfitted as a gunship and assigned to the Union blockade of the Confederate States of America. She also served as a tugboat and as a ship's tender when so required.
 The Airdrome Bleriot Model XI also referred to as the Airdrome Bleriot XI is an American amateur-built aircraft designed and produced by Airdrome Aeroplanes of Holden Missouri. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction.The aircraft is available as a full-scale or 3/4 replica of the French Blériot XI 1909 pioneer aircraft that was designed by Louis Blériot and used to fly across the English Channel on 25 July 1909.
 USS O'Brien (DD-725) an Allen M.
 Loch Vennachar was a three-masted iron sailing ship (clipper) that operated between Great Britain and Australia between the late 19th century and 1905. The name was drawn from Loch Venachar a lake which lies to the south-west of the burgh of Callander in the Stirling region of Scotland. It is understood to mean most beautiful lady in Scottish Gaelic.In September 1905 she sank without trace and with all hands leaving a spray of wreckage scattered along the south coast of Kangaroo Island.
 The Aerojet General X-8 was an unguided spin-stabilized sounding rocket designed to launch a 150 lb (68 kg) payload to 200000 feet (61.0 km). The X-8 was later spun off into the prolific Aerobee rocket.
 KTT (Chinese: 九廣通)) is a train set used by the MTR Corporation Limited in Hong Kong on the cross-boundary service to Guangdong route. The KTT is not the only service from Hong Kong to China Guangdong service is also provided by the mainland Chinese railway operators.The double-deck KTT trailers have lower bottom floor than the ordinary cars serving on the same pair of tracks.
 USS Ross (DD-563) was a U.S. Navy Fletcher class destroyer named for Captain David Ross a former Continental Navy lieutenant. The Ross is the only ship in U.S. naval history to survive two underwater mine explosions.The Ross was laid down on 7 September 1942 by the Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Corp. Seattle Washington and launched on 10 September 1943 sponsored by Mrs. William J. Malone.
 SM UC-61 was a German Type UC II minelaying submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. The U-boat was ordered on 12 January 1916 laid down on 3 April 1916 and was launched on 11 November 1916. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 13 December 1916 as SM UC-61. In 5 patrols UC-61 was credited with sinking 11 ships either by torpedo or by mines laid. UC-61 was stranded north of Boulogne on 26 July 1917.
 The Corvus Phantom is a Hungarian two-seat ultralight aircraft produced by Corvus Aircraft.In the USA it is marketed as the Falcon LS from 2008 until 2010 by T&T Aviation since 2010 by Renegade Light Sport. In Germany the aircraft is called the Wild Angel and in the United Kingdom the Crusader.
 The Bell UH-1N Twin Huey is a medium military helicopter that first flew in April 1969. The UH-1N has a fifteen seat configuration with one pilot and fourteen passengers. In cargo configuration the UH-1N has an internal capacity of 220 ft³ (6.23 m³). An external load of 5000 lb (2268 kg) can be carried by the UH-1N. The CUH-1N (later CH-135) Twin Huey was the original version first ordered by the Canadian Forces.
 The Ducati 125 Aurea was a Ducati motorcycle made from 1958 to 1962; it was only superficially different from the Bronco of 1960 to 1966. The process that produced the Aurea and the Bronco that followed was a form of motorcycle marketing that was practiced with this marque at the time.
 MS Mega Smeralda is a cruiseferry owned by Medinvest and operated by Corsica Ferries - Sardinia Ferries. She was built in 1985 by Wärtsilä at the Helsinki New Shipyard in Helsinki Finland for Johnson Line as MS Svea for use in Silja Line traffic. Between 1992 and 1994 she sailed for Silja Line as MS Silja Karneval and between 1994 and 2008 for Color Line as MS Color Festival.
 The North London Railway Class 75 is a class of 0-6-0T steam locomotive.Thirty were built to a design by J.C. Park from 1879 to 1905. They were designed for shunting the NLR's docks and were very compact but powerful engines. This made them suitable later for transfer onto the Cromford and High Peak Railway in Derbyshire and some were sent north. They worked there until they were displaced by J94 Austerity 0-6-0STs.
 HMS Pellew was a Blackwood or Type 14 class second-rate anti-submarine frigate of the British Royal Navy.She was named after Captain Sir Edward Pellew later Viscount Exmouth.
 The Yermolayev Yer-2 was a long-range Soviet medium bomber used during World War II. It was developed from the Bartini Stal-7 prototype airliner before the war. It was used to bomb Berlin from airbases in Estonia after Operation Barbarossa in 1941.
 SS Amelia Earhart (Hull Number 117) was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II. She was named after Amelia Earhart an American female aviator who disappeared over the Pacific Ocean.The ship was laid down on 19 October 1942 then launched on 18 December 1942. The ship survived the war including the largest trade convoy HX 300; but it was wrecked and declared a total loss in 1948.
 USS Wilhelmina (ID-2168) was a transport for the United States Navy during World War I. Built in 1909 for Matson Navigation Company as SS Wilhelmina she sailed from the West Coast of the United States to Hawaii until 1917. After her war service she was returned to Matson and resumed Pacific Ocean service. In the late 1930s she was laid up in San Francisco California until sold to a British company in 1940.
 The Advanced Aviation Explorer is a two-seat ultralight marketed in kit form for amateur construction. It is a high-wing taildragger aircraft of pusher configuration with tandem seating.
 The City of Adelaide is a clipper ship built in Sunderland England and launched on 7 May 1864. The ship was commissioned in the Royal Navy as HMS Carrick between 1923 and 1948 and after decommissioning was known as Carrick until 2001. At a conference convened by HRH The Duke of Edinburgh in 2001 the decision was made to revert the ship's name to City of Adelaide. The ship was formally renamed by The Duke at a ceremony in 2013.City of Adelaide was built by William Pile Hay and Co.
 SS Antigua was a United Fruit Company passenger and refrigerated cargo liner. Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation of Quincy Massachusetts built her completing her in 1932. She was owned by a United Fruit subsidiary United Mail Steam Ship Company which registered her in New York. She carried bananas from Central America to the USA and passengers in both directions.
 USS Prowess (AM-280) was an Admirable-class minesweeper built for the United States Navy during World War II. At war's end she was placed in reserve. In the mid-1960s she was converted into a training ship for U.S. Naval Reserve personnel. She was transferred to South Vietnam in June 1970 as RVNS Ha Hoi (HQ-13) in the Republic of Vietnam Navy. In 1975 Ha Hoi was seized by North Vietnamese forces and incorporated into the Vietnamese People's Navy.
 RV Pelican was built in 1985 as an oceanographic research vessel and is operated by the Louisiana Universities Marine Consortium (LUMCON). The vessel has four laboratories and can support 16 scientists for periods up to three weeks. In May 2010 it was one of the first scientific vessels to arrive at the site of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico to begin the process of characterizing the extent and consequences of the spill.
 The E127 series (E127系) is a DC electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated on local services by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) in Japan since 1995. The design is derived from the 209 series commuter EMU.
 USS Sarita (AKA-39) was an Artemis-class attack cargo ship named after the minor planet 796 Sarita. The meaning of the name is unknown. [1] USS Sarita served as a commissioned ship for 22 months. Sarita (AKA-39) was laid down on 22 December 1944 under a Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 1900) by Walsh-Kaiser Co. Inc. Providence R.I.; launched on 23 February 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Manuel T. Sousa; and commissioned on 22 March 1945 LCDR Erwin E. Smith in command.
 USS Porter (DD-800) was a Fletcher-class destroyer of the United States Navy the fourth Navy ship named for Commodore David Porter (1780–1843) and his son Admiral David Dixon Porter (1813–1891).Porter was laid down by the Todd Pacific Shipyards Inc. Seattle Wash. 6 July 1943; launched 13 March 1944; sponsored by Miss Georgiana Porter Cusachs; and commissioned 24 June 1944; Commander R. R. Prince in command.
 USS Severn (AO-61) was a Cimarron-class fleet oiler. She was constructed for the U.S. Navy during World War II and her assignment was to provide liquids such as fuel or water to ships in the forward battle areas.
 The Manxman was a motorcycle designed and built by H. J. Hatch and Eric Walker of the Excelsior Motor Company in Tyseley Birmingham. Although it never won the Isle of Man TT the Manxman was a very popular and reliable motorcycle which was successful in international racing and the Manx Grand Prix. Production was halted by World War II and did not resume.
 The Troyer Sportplane VX is an American aircraft that was designed for homebuilt construction.
 Design 1047 also known as Project 1047 was a series of plans for a class of Dutch battlecruisers prior to the Second World War. The ships were intended to counter a perceived threat posed by Imperial Japanese aggression to the Dutch colonies in the East Indies.
 The USS Momsen (DDG-92) is an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer in the United States Navy.The Momsen is the twenty-sixth destroyer of the Arleigh Burke class to be built by Bath Iron Works. She is named after Vice Admiral Charles B. Swede Momsen of Flushing Queens New York (1896–1967). Vice Admiral Momsen made many contributions to the navy such as the invention of the Momsen Lung when he was assigned to the Bureau of Construction and Repair.
 USS Peoria (PF-67) a Tacoma-class frigate was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named after Peoria Illinois.
 TSS Snowdon was a steam turbine cargo vessel operated by the London and North Western Railway from 1902 to 1935.
 The second USS Hopkins (SP-3294) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1918 to 1920.Hopkins was launched as a commercial fishing boat of the same name in 1917 by the Hahnes Company at Portsmouth Virginia and completed the same year. The 5th Naval District inspected her at Norfolk Virginia on 20 August 1918 for possible naval service and on 1 September 1918 the U.S.
 MS Scandinavian Star originally named MS Massalia and also known by other names (see infobox) was a car and passenger ferry built in France in 1971. The ship caught fire in 1990 killing 159 people.
 The Moto Guzzi Le Mans is a sports motorcycle first manufactured in 1976 by Italian company Moto Guzzi. The original 850 Le Mans was a true Cafe Racer and is considered a classic of innovative styling with excellent performance. The Le Mans was subsequently developed as a sports tourer.
 The Fiat 501 is a car produced by Fiat between 1919 and 1926. The 501 was Fiat's first model after World War I. Fiat introduced the S and SS sports versions of the 501 in 1921. Fiat produced 47600 501's in total.
 Furieuse was a 38-gun frigate of the French Navy. The Royal Navy captured her in 1809 and took her into service as the fifth rate HMS Furieuse. She spent most of her British career in the Mediterranean though towards the end of the War of 1812 she served briefly on the North American station. She was laid up in 1815 and sold for breaking up in 1816.
 The Rolls-Royce 20 hp was one of four cars to be produced as a result of an agreement of 23 December 1904 between Charles Rolls and Henry Royce. Badged as a Rolls-Royce the 20 hp was produced during 1905 and 1906 by Royce's company Royce Ltd. at its factory in Trafford Park Manchester. It was sold exclusively by Rolls' motor dealership C.S.Rolls & Co. at a price of GBP650.
 HMS Serapis was a Euphrates-class troopship commissioned for the transport of troops to and from India. She was launched in the Thames on 26 September 1866 from the Thames Ironworks and Shipbuilding Company at Leamouth London and was the third Royal Navy ship to bear the name. She was sold in 1894.
 German submarine U-243 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.An order was placed for U-243 on 10 April 1941 and construction began on 28 October 1942 at Germaniawerft Kiel as 'werk' 677. She was launched the following year on 2 September 1943 and commissioned on 2 October under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Hans Märtens.Three days into her only patrol she shot a German aircraft down.She was sunk in the Bay of Biscay in July 1944
 The Diane was a 38-gun frigate of the French Navy.She took part in the Battle of the Nile managing to escape to Malta with the Justice.In 1800 as she tried to escape from Malta she was captured by HMS Success HMS Northumberland and HMS Genereux.
 The Sukhoi Su-34 (Russian: Сухой Су-34 Громовержец lang-en) (export designation: Su-32 NATO reporting name: Fullback) is a Russian twin-seat fighter-bomber. It is intended to replace the Sukhoi Su-24.Based on the Su-27 Flanker it is intended for high-precision strikes including strikes with nuclear weapons on land and sea targets at any time of day.
 The auxiliary ocean tug USS ATA-194 was laid down on 7 November 1944 at Orange Texas by the Levingston Ship Building Co.; launched 4 December 1944; and commissioned at Orange on 14 February 1945 Lieutenant (j.g.) William J. Bryan in command.After shakedown training ATA-194 sailed for the Pacific with equipment in tow. She transited the Panama Canal late in March and arrived at Pearl Harbor on 29 April.
 The USCGC Acacia (WLB 406) was second to the last of a fleet of 39 similar 180-foot seagoing buoy tenders completed during World War II. Acacia was named after the former United States Lighthouse Service tender Acacia the only tender sunk during World War II. Acacia is a multi-purpose vessel nominally a buoy tender but with equipment and capabilities for ice breaking search and rescue fire fighting logistics and other tasks as well.
 Osprey class submersible is a class of submersible of the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) specially designed to perform torpedo retrieving missions at test ranges. This class submersible was highly classified when it originally entered service in 1989 and it was not until more than a decade later in the mid of the first decade of the 21st century when it was revealed to the public when one of the design team members the deputy general designer Mr.
 The Midland Railway 1377 Class is a class of steam locomotive. They were introduced in 1878 by Samuel W. Johnson based on an earlier 1874 design. Up to 1891 185 were built: 165 by Derby Works and the last 20 by the Vulcan Foundry. Most were built without a rear to the cab and only a short cab roof hence their nickname half-cabs though about 40 were built with full cabs. Originally they were built with round-topped fireboxes but many later received Belpaire fireboxes.
 The Peugeot 505 is a large family car produced by the French manufacturer Peugeot from 1979 to 1992 in Sochaux France. The 505 was Peugeot's last rear-wheel drive car. It was also manufactured outside France for example in Argentina by Sevel from 1981 to 1995 China Indonesia and Nigeria.According to the manufacturer 1351254 Peugeot 505s were produced between 1978 and 1999: of these 1116868 were saloons/sedans.
 The 1200 class were a class of diesel locomotive built by English Electric Bradford for Queensland Railways in 1953/54.
 The Avro York was a British transport aircraft that was derived from the Second World War Lancaster heavy bomber and used in both military and civilian roles between 1943 and 1964.
 HMS Staunch was a Royal Navy 12-gun Archer-class gun-brig built by Benjamin Tanner and launched in 1804 at Dartmouth Devon. She served in the Indian Ocean and participated in the Action of 18 September 1810 before she foundered with the loss of all hands in 1811.
 Quantum class is the name for an upcoming class of cruise ships from Royal Caribbean International previously known by the code name Project Sunshine. The Quantum-class ships will surpass the earlier Freedom-class ships by a mere 13000 GT becoming the second largest class of passenger ships behind Royal Caribbean International's Oasis class ships on a gross tonnage basis.
 HMS Beagle was a Bulldog class coastal survey vessel of the Royal Navy. She was originally to have been called HMS Barracouta but her name was changed to HMS Beagle in honour of the ship which carried Charles Darwin.She was built by yacht builder Brooke Marine to commercial rather than military ship standards at a cost of £53000000 at 2007 prices. She was launched on 7 September 1967 and commissioned the following year.
 The MAN Lion's City is a city bus built by the German truck and bus manufacturer MAN Truck & Bus (previously MAN Nutzfahrzeuge) since 1996. A new generation was launched in 2004.It has a 6-cylinder turbocharged straight engine which runs on diesel compressed natural gas or liquefied petroleum gas.
 The first HMS Whirlwind (R87) was an W-class destroyer of the British Royal Navy that saw service during World War I and World War II.Whirlwind was built by Swan Hunter and was launched on 15 December 1917. On 5 July 1940 she was sunk by the German submarine U-34 under the command of Wilhelm Rollmann in the North Atlantic Ocean southwest of Ireland.
 USS Blessman (DE-69/APD-48) a Buckley-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy was named in honor of Lieutenant Edward Martin Blessman (1907–1942) who was killed in action in the Pacific on 4 February 1942. Blessman was laid down on 22 March 1943 at the Bethlehem-Hingham Shipyard Inc. Hingham Massachusetts; launched on 19 June 1943 sponsored by Mrs. Helen Malloy Blessman widow of Lieutenant Blessman and commissioned on 19 September 1943 with Commander J. A. Gillis in command.
 Irō (石廊) was a fleet oiler for the Imperial Japanese Navy. A member of the Notoro-class of oilers the ship was launched on August 5 1922 and served Japan during the Pacific Campaign of World War II. On March 31 1944 the ship was attacked and sunk in Palau Harbor by United States Navy aircraft carrier aircraft from the Fast Carrier Task Force during Operation Desecrate One.
 EW90 is the name for a German ET 165 electric multiple unit working for Polish PKP.
 USS Affray (AM-511/MSO-511) was an Acme-class minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the task of removing mines that had been placed in the water to prevent the safe passage of ships.The second ship to be named Affray by the Navy was laid down on 24 August 1955 at Boothbay Harbor Maine by Frank L. Sample Jr. Inc.; launched on 18 December 1956; sponsored by Mrs. John A. Click; and commissioned on 8 December 1958 Lt. Comdr. Charles I. Williams in command.
 USCGC Kangaroo later USCGC AB-6 was United States Coast Guard patrol boat in commission from 1919 to 1932.
 The Pasotti F.6 Airone was a low-wing twin-engined wooden four seat civil aircraft built in Italy in the 1950s. Production was considered but only one was completed.
 The NZR KB class of 1939 was a class of mixed traffic steam locomotives that operated on New Zealand's railway network. They were built by the New Zealand Railways Department (NZR) after the success of the K class to meet the increasing traffic demands on the Midland Line in the South Island. The locomotives had a wheel arrangement of 4-8-4 and first appeared with distinctive streamlining mainly to hide their ACFI feedwater systems.
 The ALCO Century 636 was the most powerful single-engine diesel-electric locomotive constructed by ALCO. The locomotive had a C-C wheel arrangement and 3600 horsepower (2700 kW). The locomotive rested on a pair of trucks of all-new design known as the Hi-Ad standing for 'high adhesion'. Visually it is similar to the Century 630 but can be distinguished by the intercooler box. The C630 has two grilles here one above the other. The C636 only has the upper grille.
 The Funk Model B was a 1930s American two-seat cabin monoplane designed by Howard and Joe Funk. Originally built by the Akron Aircraft Company later renamed Funk Aircraft Company.
 The Sampson-class destroyers served in the United States Navy during World War I. Commissioned in 1916 and 1917 the class was a modification of the O'Brien-class and Tucker-class with the number of 21 inch (533 mm) torpedo tubes increased from four twin-mounts to four triple-mounts. The Sampsons were the final six ships of the 26 thousand tonner destroyers.
 USS Sands (T-AGOR-6) a Robert D. Conrad-class oceanographic research ship that served the U.S. Navy from 1965 to 1973. During that period she provided valuable ocean-bottom information and underwater test data to the U.S. Navy and other U.S. agencies.
 The Blue Devil was a proposed reconnaissance airship that was built for the United States Air Force for use in the War in Afghanistan. It was designed to capture and process data from onboard sensors before delivering it to ground troops.
 The Lockheed XB-30 (company model L-249) was the design submitted by Lockheed after the request by the United States Army Air Forces for a very heavy bomber the same request that led to the Boeing B-29 Superfortress the Douglas XB-31 and Consolidated B-32 Dominator.
 German submarine U-1023 was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine. She was laid down on 20 May 1943 by Blohm & Voss in Hamburg Germany and commissioned on 15 June 1944 with Oberleutnant Wolfgang Strenger in command. U-1023 sank one ship and damaged one more for a total of 7680 gross register tons. After the war she was sunk in Operation Deadlight.
 The Stits SA-11A Playmate is a homebuilt aircraft design that features a rapid wing-folding mechanism for trailering or storage.
 The C-8 Eightster was a single engine airliner developed by Granville Brothers Aircraft which did not go into production.
 HMS Ross was a Hunt class minesweeper built by Lobnitz and launched on 12 June 1919. She was originally called HMS Ramsey but was renamed prior to launch. So far she has been the only ship of the Navy to bear the name Ross in this case after the Ross hunt.In 1940 Ross was serving with the 5th Minesweeping Flotilla.
 Ocean Monarch was an emigration barque which in 1848 caught fire at sea and sank with the loss of 178 lives. The barque was owned by the White Diamond Line and was registered in Boston the port where she was built. The Ocean Monarch was launched from the East Boston shipyard of Donald McKay in July 1847.
 The Parnall Pike was a 2/3-seat biplane reconnaissance aircraft capable of operating off carrier decks or from water built to an Air Ministry specification in 1927. Only one was constructed.
 The Short S.17 Kent was a British four-engined 15-seat biplane luxury flying boat airliner designed and built by Shorts to meet a requirement from Imperial Airways for an aircraft with greater range than the Short Calcutta.
 USS Michael Monsoor (DDG-1001) is to be the second ship of the Zumwalt class of guided missile destroyers. The Michael Monsoor will be a multi-mission surface combatant tailored for advanced land attack and littoral dominance. The ship's mission is to provide credible independent forward presence and deterrence and to operate as an integral part of naval joint or combined maritime forces. The Michael Monsoor will be the second Zumwalt-class destroyer.
 The Butterworth Westland Whirlwind was a 2/3 scale flying replica of the British Westland Whirlwind fighter aircraft of World War II that was built in the United States in the 1970s. The aircraft was based on the wings and horizontal tail of a Grumman American AA-1A modified and mated to an all-new fuselage. Power was provided by two Volkswagen air-cooled horizontally opposed four-cylinder engines with the result bearing only a passing resemblance to the real Whirlwind.
 HMAS Wato (W127) was a tug boat operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) during World War II. During World War I she was operated by the Royal Navy in the Mediterranean Sea. She later operated as a tug boat for the Adelaide Steam Tug Company before being requistioned by the RAN. She was scrapped in 1955.
 German submarine U-154 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine built for service during World War II. The keel for this boat was laid down on 21 September 1940 at the AG Weser yard in Bremen Germany as 'werk' 996. She was launched on 21 April 1941 and commissioned on 2 August under the command of Korvettenkapitän Walter Kolle.The submarine began her service life with training as part of the 4th U-boat Flotilla; moving on to the 2nd flotilla for operations.
 HMS Glatton was a breastwork monitor which served in the Victorian Royal Navy.
 Yamaha BW200 Big Wheel is a dual purpose dirt bike which was produced from 1985 to 1989. It consisted of three different model lines; the BW80 BW200 and BW350.
 The MV Maritime Queen (ex-Woody Heart) is a Bulk carrier built in 1998 and currently owned by IMC Shipping Limited Singapore.
 The V and W class was an amalgam of six similar classes of destroyer built for the Royal Navy under the War Emergency Programme of the First World War and generally treated as one class. For their time they were among the most powerful and advanced ships of their type in the world and set the trend for future British designs.They arrived in time to see service in the First World War.
 The Armstrong Whitworth AW.55 Apollo was a 1940s British airliner built by Armstrong Whitworth at Baginton. The aircraft was in competition with the Vickers Viscount but beset with engine problems only two were built.
 The GMC Chevette was manufactured by GM Argentina from 1980–1995 and is a variation on General Motors' first World Car based on the General Motors T-car platform which includes Opel Kadett Chevrolet Chevette and Isuzu Gemini made and/or sold globally is several versions. This model of the small family car differed from the German model as it had a 1.8 engine designed entirely in Argentina. It was replaced by the Chevrolet Kadett in 1995.
 The W.A.R. Hawker Sea Fury is a half-scale homebuilt replica of a Hawker Sea Fury carrier fighter produced by War Aircraft Replicas International for amateur construction.The first example was built in England and flew in 1986.
 The LIPNUR Kunang was a single-seat sports plane built in Indonesia that first flew in 1958 in the hope that it would inspire interest in aviation amongst Indonesian youth. The only example that was built was subsequently grounded. It was a single-seat monoplane of conventional layout with fixed tailwheel undercarriage.
 HMS Achilles was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built by Barnard and Turner at Harwich to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment as amended in 1750 and launched in 1757. She was ordered in November 1755. HMS Achilles was a Dunkirk-class fourth rate along with HMS Dunkirk and HMS America.
 The Watercat M14 landing craft is a type of military transport in use by the Royal Malaysian Police. The manufacturer is Marine Alutech Oy Ab Finland
 HMS Scott is an ocean survey vessel of the Royal Navy and the only vessel of her class. She is the third Royal Navy ship to carry the name and the second to be named after the Antarctic explorer Robert Falcon Scott. She was ordered to replace the survey ship HMS Hecla.
 The Historical P-51 Mustang is an American homebuilt aircraft that was designed and produced by the Historical Aircraft Corporation of Nucla Colorado. The aircraft is a 62.5% scale replica of the original North American P-51 Mustang and when it was available was supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 USS Colington (AG-148/AKS-29) – also known as USS LST-1085 -- was an LST-511-class tank landing ship launched by the U.S. Navy during the final months of World War II. Colington served as a supply and stores-issue ship for the U.S. 7th Fleet and was decommissioned after the war.
 HMS Mediator was a Roebuck-class 44-gun fifth rate of the Royal Navy. She was built and served during the American War of Independence but was reduced to a storeship and renamed HMS Camel in 1788. She spent the French Revolutionary and part of the Napoleonic Wars in this capacity before being broken up in 1810.Built as the revival of a design that had fallen out of favour as naval architecture developed Mediator was intended to operate in the shallow waters of the North American coastline.
 The Dutch corvette Scipio was launched in 1784. She convoyed Dutch East Indiamen between the cape of Good Hope and Europe until HMS Psyche captured her at Samarang in 1807. The British Royal Navy initially referred to her as HMS Scipio but then renamed her to HMS Samarang in 1808. (She was not commissioned in the Royal Navy.) She was instrumental in the capture of Amboyna and especially Pulo Ay and participated in the invasion of Java (1811). She was sold at Bombay in 1814.
 The SNCF Class A1AA1A 68000 is a class of diesel-electric locomotives of the SNCF. They were built for both passenger and freight service. They were ordered on 7 June 1961 the first entering service on 13 December 1963 at Chalindrey depot. All have now been withdrawn from service with the exception of no. 68081.
 The CCGS Cape Cockburn is one of the Canadian Coast Guard's 36 Cape class motor life boat.The Cape Cockburn was built in the Victoria Shipyards in Vancouver and is stationed at Powell River British Columbia.
 The InterPlane Griffon is a single seat high wing single engine pusher configuration tricycle gear ultralight aircraft that was produced in kit form from InterPlane Aircraft of Zbraslavice Czech Republic.
 ORP Gryf (English: Griffin) was a large Polish Navy minelayer sunk during the 1939 German invasion of Poland. She was one of two large Polish ships that were not evacuated to Great Britain during Operation Peking prior to the outbreak of the Polish Defensive War (Wicher was the other). She was sunk in Hel harbour on 3 September 1939 during the opening stage of World War II.
 USS Bold (AMc-67) was an Accentor-class minesweeper laid down on 27 August 1941 at South Bristol Maine by the Bristol Yacht Building Co.; launched on 2 April 1942; sponsored by Miss Ella E. Gamage; delivered to the U.S. Navy on 18 May 1942; fitted out at the Boston Navy Yard; and placed in service there on 27 May 1942.
 The Convair XB-53 was a proposed jet-powered medium bomber aircraft designed by Convair for the United States Army Air Forces. With a radical tailless forward-swept wing design the aircraft appeared futuristic; however the project was canceled before either of the two prototypes was completed.
 HMS E50 was a British E class submarine built by John Brown Clydebank. She was laid down on 14 November 1916 and was commissioned on 23 January 1917.HMS E50 was damaged in a collision while submerged on 19 March 1917 off the North Hinder Light Vessel with U-Boat UC-62.HMS E50 was finally mined off the South Dogger Light Vessel on 31 January 1918.
 HMS Cambrian was a second-class protected cruiser of the Royal Navy built at the Pembroke Dockyard and launched on 30 January 1893. She was the last flagship of the Australia Station.In March 1901 she was commissioned at Devonport by Captain F. S. Pelham with a crew of 345 to become senior officer´s ship on the South East Coast of America Station. By late summer 1901 she was commanded by Commodore R. L.
 The 4L80-E (and similar 4L85-E) is a series of automatic transmissions from General Motors. Designed for longitudinal engine configurations the series includes 4 forward gears. It is an evolution of the Turbo-Hydramatic 400 first produced in October 1963. 4L80-Es have been optioned only in Chevrolet/GMC pickups vans and commercial vehicles and the Hummer H1.The 4L80 and 4L85 are built at Willow Run Transmission in Ypsilanti Michigan.Gear ratios:
 The Piasecki H-25 Army Mule/HUP Retriever was a compact single radial engine twin overlapping tandem rotor utility helicopter developed by the Piasecki Helicopter Corporation of Morton Pennsylvania during the late 1940s and produced during the early 1950s. The company changed its name in the 1956 to Vertol Aircraft Corporation and subsequently was bought by Boeing Aircraft Company in 1960 and became Boeing-Vertol.
 The Maeda Ku-1 was a small twin boom Japanese military glider. It was primarily used used for training and was superseded by the Kokusai Ku-7 which was effectively a scaled up version of the design. Approximately 100 were produced.
 The Boeing E-4 Advanced Airborne Command Post with the project name Nightwatch is an aircraft operated by the United States Air Force (USAF). To create the E-4 series four Boeing 747-200B airframes were specially modified to serve as a survivable mobile command post for the National Command Authority namely the President of the United States the Secretary of Defense and successors.
 The Recovery was a ship that was wrecked near Port Stephens New South Wales Australia in 1816.The Recovery was a sloop of 14 tons owned by Peter Hibbs. In early June 1816 it headed from the Hawkesbury to Port Jackson with a cargo of grain. A storm came up and the Recovery was blown out to sea. On turning the ship around it was wrecked near Port Stephens. The crew of two men and a woman passenger struggled ashore and walked a distance of 50 miles to Newcastle.
 The Blackburn B-1 Segrave was a 1930s British twin-engine four-seat touring aircraft built by Blackburn Aircraft.
 USS Victory (1863) was a steamer purchased by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. Victoria was used primarily by the Union Navy as a gunboat assigned to patrol Confederate waterways. She also performed duties as a reconnaissance boat a convoy escort and as a dispatch boat.
 LÉ Eithne (P31) is an Eithne-class ship in the Irish Naval Service. The ship is named after Eithne a tragic heroine and the daughter of the one-eyed Fomorian King Balor in an early Irish romantic tale.Eithne was originally built as a long range fisheries patrol vessel intended to be at sea for up to 19 days.
 USS Osmond Ingram (DD-255/AVD–9/APD-35) was a Clemson-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was named for Osmond Ingram.Osmond Ingram was laid down 15 October 1918 by Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation Quincy Massachusetts; launched 23 February 1919; sponsored by Mrs. N. E. Ingram mother of Osmond Ingram; and commissioned at Boston 28 June 1919 Lieutenant Commander M. B. DeMott in command.
 The Orbital Technologies Commercial Space Station is a proposed orbital space station intended for commercial clients.
 The Wibault 7 was a 1920s French monoplane fighter designed and built by Société de Avions Michel Wibault. Variants were operated by the French and Polish military and built under licence for Chile as the Vickers Wibault.
 The New Werner was a motorcycle produced by Werner Motors beginning in 1901. It replaced Werner's 1897 model whose motor placed above the front wheel caused handling problems. Production ceased in 1908.
 PS Telegraph was a paddle steamer passenger vessel operated by the London and North Western Railway from 1859 to 1874.
 USS Eversole (DD-789) was a Gearing-class destroyer of the United States Navy the second Navy ship named for Lieutenant (junior grade) John T. Eversole (1915–1942) a naval aviator who was killed in the Battle of Midway.Eversole was launched on 8 January 1946 by Todd-Pacific Shipyards Inc. Seattle Washington; sponsored by Mrs. S. R. Eversole mother of Lt. (j.g.) Eversole; and commissioned on 10 May 1946 Commander B. P. Ross in command.
 The Marsala Ship is the earliest warship known from archeological evidence. It is a wreck discovered in 1969 in an area called Punta Scario in the harbor of Marsala in western Sicily Italy near the Aegadian Islands. The Marsala Ship's nationality was painted on the sides with letters by its Punic builders from Carthage.
 The Tapanee Levitation 4 is a Canadian four-seat STOL aircraft designed to be homebuilt by Michel Lequin for Tapenee Aviation of Quebec.
 USS Sebago (1861) was a large (832 long tons (845 t)) steamer with very powerful guns and four howitzers purchased by the Union Navy during the beginning of the American Civil War. With her large crew of 156 sailors she served the Union Navy during the blockade of ports and waterways of the Confederate States of America as a gunboat.
 The Swan was a 200 ton warship of the English Royal Navy launched in 1641. She was the last ship to be built for Charles I.
 The LSWR T6 class was a class of express passenger 4-4-0 steam locomotives designed for the London and South Western Railway by William Adams. Ten were constructed at Nine Elms Locomotive Works between 1885–1886.The class were numbered 677–686 and were a development of the X2 class based on experience gained with the locomotives in traffic. The boiler was based on that used in the T3 class and shared the main dimensions.All passed to the Southern Railway at the grouping in 1923.
 HMS Armada was a Royal Navy 74-gun third-rate ship of the line. Mrs Pridham the wife of the Mayor of Plymouth Mr Joseph Pridham launched her on 23 March 1810. After a relatively undistinguished career Armada was sold out of the Navy in 1863 and broken up at Marshall's ship breaking yard in Plymouth. She was the first ship to carry the name.
 USS Tripoli (CVE-64) was a Casablanca class escort carrier of the United States Navy the first ship to carry her name.She was built under a Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 1101) at Vancouver Washington and was laid down by the Kaiser Shipyards on 1 February 1943 as Didrickson Bay (ACV-64). Renamed Tripoli on 3 April 1943 and launched on 13 July 1943 sponsored by Mrs. Leland D. Webb and commissioned on 31 October 1943 at Astoria Oregon Captain Wendell G. Switzer in command.
 HSwMS Remus (28) was a Romulus-class destroyer of the Royal Swedish Navy during World War II. She had been built as Astore a Spica-class torpedo boat for Italy's Regia Marina in the mid-1930s and sold to Sweden in 1940. The ship served in the Royal Swedish Navy until she was stricken in 1958.
 USS Bache (DD/DDE-470) a Fletcher-class destroyer was second ship of the United States Navy of that name. DD-470 was named for Commander George M. Bache.Bache was launched 7 July 1942 by Bethlehem Steel Co. Staten Island N.Y.; sponsored by Miss Louise Bache daughter of Commander Bache; and commissioned 14 November 1942 Commander J. N. Opie III in command.
 USS St. George (AV-16) was a Kenneth Whiting-class seaplane tender in the United States Navy.St. George was laid down on 4 August 1943 by the Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Corporation Tacoma Washington launched on 14 February 1944 sponsored by Mrs. Alfred E. Montgomery; and commissioned on 24 July 1944 Capt. Robert G. Armstrong in command.
 The New Orleans class cruisers were a class of seven heavy cruisers built for the United States Navy (USN) in the 1930s. Originally called the Astoria-class cruiser the class was renamed after Astoria was sunk and the surviving ships of the class underwent substantial reconstruction.These ships participated in the heaviest surface battles of the Pacific War.
 The Type 722 Wangerooge class seagoing tugboats are used for rescue and salvage operation by the German Navy. They are also used for towing targets and retrieving training torpedoes. Survival trainings for aircraft crews are also carried out with them.
 The Nissan Trade is a light commercial vehicle produced by Nissan Motor Ibérica S.A. from 1987 to 2001 in Spain and was sold only in Europe.It was launched in 1987 as the rebadged version of Ebro F260 F275 and F350 wen Nissan complete the acquisition of Ebro factory and launched in the first time a rebadged version of Ebro vehicle.
 USCGC Kiska (WPB-1336) is an Island class cutter of the United States Coast Guard named for the island of Kiska Alaska.
 The Catherine was a 325 ton sailing ship and whaler built in 1811 at New Bedford.Under the command of William Simmonds she sailed from Falmouth England on 8 December 1813 with 98 female convicts. She arrived at Port Jackson on 4 May 1814. One female convict died on the voyage. Catherine left Port Jackson on 13 July bound for the whale fisheries around New Zealand.Captain Simmons died three days after leaving Port Jackson and was replaced by Robert Graham.
 USS Fuller (APA-7) was a Heywood-class attack transport acquired by the U.S. Navy for service as a troop carrier just prior to World War II.
 The Danton-class battleship was a class of six pre-dreadnought battleships built for the French Navy (Marine Nationale) before World War I. The ships were assigned to the Mediterranean Fleet after commissioning in 1911. After the beginning of World War I in early August 1914 five of the sister ships participated in the Battle of Antivari.
 The Saleen S5S Raptor is a concept car revealed by Saleen on March 20 2008 at the 2008 New York International Auto Show.The S5S Raptor was designed in 2007 at the ASC design studio in Metro Detroit and is intended to be equipped with a 5.0 L (310 cu in) supercharged Saleen engine (similar to that used on the 2008 S302E) which will yield 650 hp (660 PS; 480 kW). This will allow it to accelerate to 60 mph (97 km/h) in 3.2 seconds or less and complete the quarter-mile in 10.9 seconds.
 The Boulton Paul Bittern was a 1920s British night-fighter aircraft built by Boulton Paul Limited of Norwich named after the marsh bird of the same name.
 HMS Oxford Castle (K692) was a Castle-class corvette of United Kingdom's Royal Navy. She was named after Oxford Castle in England.She was built at Harland and Wolff in Northern Ireland and launched on 11 December 1943. She survived the Second World War and was scrapped at Briton Ferry in September 1960.
 The Parker-class leaders or improved Marksman-class leaders were a class of six destroyer leaders built for the Royal Navy during 1916-17 for World War I service. They were named after famed historical naval leaders except for Anzac which was named to honour the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps and was later transferred to the Royal Australian Navy.
 The Corvette Stingray was a privately funded concept car that formed a basis for the second (C2) generation Corvette Sting Ray. The Stingray racer-concept car was designed by Pete Brock the youngest designer to work at GM at that time Bill Mitchell GM Vice President of styling and Larry Shinoda in 1957. The basis of the Stingray was the 1957 Corvette SS a stillborn racing project. The Stingray exists today with a 327-cubic-inch (5.4 L) fuel-injected V-8 of 375 hp (280 kW).
 HMS Cormorant was an Osprey-class sloop launched at Chatham on 12 September 1877 and later the receiving ship at Gibraltar. She was renamed Rooke in 1946 and broken up in 1949.
 The Mosquito Aviation XE is a single seat homebuilt helicopter.
 The Felixstowe F.2 was a 1917 British flying boat class designed and developed by Lieutenant Commander John Cyril Porte of the Royal Navy at the Seaplane Experimental Station Felixstowe during the First World War adapting a larger version of his superior Felixstowe F.1 hull design married with the larger Curtiss H12 flying boat. The Felixstowe hull had superior water contacting attributes and became a key base technology in most seaplane designs thereafter.
 HMS Whaddon (L45) was a Type I Hunt-class destroyer of the Royal Navy built by Alexander Stephen & Sons of Linthouse Govan and launched on 16 July 1940. She was laid down on 27 July 1939 and commissioned 28 February 1941. Whaddon was scrapped at Faslane in April 1959. It has since had a British Sea Cadet Corps unit named after it T.S Whaddon
 USS Chicago (SSN-721) is a Los Angeles-class submarine the fourth ship of the United States Navy to be named for the city of Chicago Illinois. The contract to build her was awarded to Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company in Newport News Virginia on 13 August 1981 and her keel was laid down on 5 January 1983. She was launched on 13 October 1984 sponsored by Mrs. Vicki Ann Paisley wife of Melvyn R.
 USS Advance (YT-28) was an Advance-class tugboat acquired by the United States Navy for the task of patrolling American coastal waters during the First World War.In June or July 1918 the fourth vessel to be named Advance (Id. No. 3057) by the Navy—a tug built in 1912 at Solomons Island Maryland by M. M. Davis—was acquired by the Navy from A. J. Taylor & Bros. Washington D.C. and was placed in commission on 27 July 1918.
 The Phase 3 Eclipse is an American ultralight aircraft that was designed by Bruce Emmons and produced by Phase 3 Aircraft. The aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 HMS Hood (pennant number 51) was the last battlecruiser built for the Royal Navy. Commissioned in 1920 she was named after the 18th-century Admiral Samuel Hood. One of four Admiral-class battlecruisers ordered in mid-1916 Hood had serious design limitations though her design was drastically revised after the Battle of Jutland and improved while she was under construction. For this reason she was the only ship of her class to be completed.
 The Rurik (Рюрик) was an armoured cruiser built for the Imperial Russian Navy in 1895. She was named in honour of Rurik the semi-legendary founder of ancient Russia. She was sunk at the battle of Ulsan in the Russo-Japanese War.
 I-29 code-named Matsu (松 Japanese for pine tree) was a B1 type submarine of the Imperial Japanese Navy used during World War II on two secret missions with Germany. She was sunk while coming back from the second mission.
 The Sikorsky XV-2 also known by the Sikorsky Aircraft model number S-57 was a planned experimental stoppable rotor aircraft designated as a convertiplane developed for a joint research program between the United States Air Force and the United States Army. The program was cancelled before construction of the prototype began.
 The Inhaúma Class corvettes are five escort vessels operated by the Brazilian Navy. They were named after Joaquim José Inácio Viscount of Inhaúma. These ships were built in Brazil and designed with assistance from the German company Marine Technik. It was originally planned to build 12 to 16 ships but the economic situation in Brazil did not permit this and only five vessels were built.
 SS Orduna was an ocean liner built in 1913-14 by Harland and Wolff in Belfast for the Pacific Steam Navigation Company. After two voyages she was chartered to Cunard Line. In 1921 she went to the Royal Mail Steam Packet Company then being resold to the PSNCo in 1926. Her sister ships were the RMSP Orbita and SS Orca.She provided transatlantic passenger transport measured approximately 15500 gross tons and was 550.3 ft x 67.3 ft.
 The Compact platform (also known as C-Evo) was developed by engineers of the Fiat group for construction of small family cars (compact car) and large family cars (mid-size car) with front-wheel drive or four-wheel drive. The first application of this platform was the Alfa Romeo Giulietta which was unveiled in 2010. Fiat has invested 100 million euros into the construction of the Compact Platform.
 HMS Eastbourne was a Whitby-class or Type 12 anti-submarine frigate of the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom.
 The Rutan Model 61 Long-EZ is a homebuilt aircraft with a canard layout designed by Burt Rutan's Rutan Aircraft Factory. It is derived from the VariEze which was first offered to homebuilders in 1976. The prototype N79RA of the Long-EZ first flew on June 12 1979.
 The Yamaha YZF-R125 introduced in 2008 is a motorcycle manufactured by Yamaha Motor Company. The design takes cues from other R-series sport bikes like the YZF-R6 and YZF-R1.
 The C1a Class were a type of 4-4-4 steam locomotive built for the Philadelphia and Reading Railway in 1915. Four locomotives were built road numbers #110-113. They used front and rear trucks that were effectively identical. During a year of operation they proved to be quite unstable; after that year they were rebuilt to 4-4-2 Atlantic locomotives reclassified as P7sa and renumbered #350-353.
 The Saturn Ion was a compact car sold by the Saturn marque of American automaker General Motors between the 2003 and 2007 model years. It used the GM Delta platform. The Ion replaced the Saturn S-Series in 2003and was replaced by the new Saturn Astra in 2008. As of 2006 the Ion was the longest compact car sold in North America. Production of the Ion ended on March 27 2007.
 The Ultra-Fab Sundowner also called the Sundowner Convertible is an American ultralight aircraft that was designed by Bob Leinen and produced by Ultra-Fab. The aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 The Tupolev Tu-95 (Russian: Туполев Ту-95; NATO reporting name: Bear) is a large four-engine turboprop-powered strategic bomber and missile platform. First flown in 1952 the Tu-95 entered service with the Soviet Union in 1956 and is expected to serve the Russian Air Force until at least 2040. A development of the bomber for maritime patrol is designated Tu-142.The aircraft has four Kuznetsov NK-12 engines each driving contra-rotating propellers.
 HMS Ascension (K502) was a Colony-class frigate of the United Kingdom that served in the Royal Navy during World War II. She originally was ordered by the United States Navy as the Tacoma-class patrol frigate USS Hargood (PF-74) and was transferred to the Royal Navy prior to completion.
 German submarine U-59 was a Type IIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine that served in the Second World War. She was built by Deutsche Werke AG Kiel. Ordered on 17 June 1937 she was laid down on 5 October as Werk 258. She was launched on 12 October 1938 and commissioned on 4 March 1939 under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Harald Jürst.
 The Indian Scout was a motorcycle built by the Indian Motocycle Company from 1920 to 1949. It rivaled the Chief as Indian's most important model. The 101 Scout made from 1928 to 1931 has been called the best motorcycle Indian ever made. A second line of Scouts with lighter frames and reduced engine displacement was introduced in 1932 alongside the Standard Scout which replaced the 101 Scout and shared its frame with the Chief and the Four.
 HMS Asia was a 74-gun third-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 2 December 1811 at Frindsbury.
 The New Zealand EM/ET class (also known as Ganz-Mavag) electric multiple units are used on Metlink suburban services in Wellington New Zealand. They are owned by the Greater Wellington Regional Council (GWRC) and operated by Tranz Metro part of national railway operator KiwiRail.The 44 two-car units of an EM motor car and an ET trailer car were introduced between 1982 and 1983 on the 1500 V DC electrified Kapiti Line Hutt Valley Line and Melling Line.
 The Škoda 1202 was a family car produced as a station wagon light panel van and pick-up (Utility) by Czechoslovakian automaker AZNP at their subsidiary plant in Vrchlabí. A saloon (sedan) version was never produced.
 Raja Laut is a classic two masted gaff rigged wooden schooner. Built in 2006 her hull and rigging are based on the designs of classic European yachts and small trading ships of the 19th Century.
 USS Manning (DE-199) a Buckley-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy was named in honor of Ordnanceman Milburn A. Manning (1920–1941) who was killed in action during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor 7 December 1941.Manning was laid down by Charleston Navy Yard on 15 February 1943; launched on 1 June 1943; sponsored by Mrs. J. H. Hughes; and commissioned at the Charleston Navy Yard on 1 October 1943 Lieutenant John I. Mingay in command.
 The Minotaur-class armoured frigates were enlarged versions of HMS Achilles with heavier armament thicker armour and more powerful engines. The ships of this class were unique among ironclad warships in possessing on completion five masts named fore- second- main- fourth- and mizzen.
 USS LST-558 was a United States Navy tank landing ship in commission from 1944 to 1946.LST-558 was laid down on 11 February 1944 at Evansville Indiana by the Missouri Valley Bridge and Iron Company. She was launched on 14 April 1944 sponsored by Mrs. Henry Goodman and commissioned on 8 May 1944 with Lieutenant junior grade H.A.
 The MAC Mamba Mamba Range is an Australian two-seat light aircraft designed and built by the Melbourne Aircraft Corporation.
 The ARP Tacuary was a riverine gunboat in service on the Paraguayan Navy for almost a century. She was built in 1907 by T. & J. Hosking Ireland as the steel-hulled yacht Clover. The ship bore the name of another gunboat which was the first Paraguayan naval vessel to cross the Atlantic in 1855.
 Río Chira was 199-ton steel-hulled vessel with a long and varied history serving under several names as a whaler fishing boat naval patrol boat passenger/cargo ship and freighter between 1914 and 1981.
 The Eldorado is a two-door personal luxury car manufactured and marketed by the Cadillac Division of General Motors from 1953 to 2002. Competitors included the Lincoln Mark series and the lower-priced Buick Riviera and Oldsmobile Toronado.The Eldorado was at or near the top of the Cadillac line during early model years.
 The Guizhou JL-9 also known as the FTC-2000 Mountain Eagle (Shanying) is a two-seat fighter-trainer developed by the Guizhou Aviation Industry Import/Export Company (GAIEC) for the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) and the People's Liberation Army Naval Air Force (PLANAF).
 USS Cigarette (SP-1234) was a patrol vessel that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1919.Cigarette was built as a fast private steam yacht of the same name in 1905 by George Lawley & Son at Neponset Massachusetts for C. A. Wood of Cambridge Massachusetts. She appears to have entered U.S. Navy service by as early as mid-June 1917 but on 17 September 1917 the Navy officially purchased her from her owner for use as a patrol boat during World War I.
 SM UC-65 was a German Type UC II minelaying submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. The U-boat was ordered on 12 January 1916 and was launched on 8 July 1916. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 7 November 1916 as SM UC-65. In 11 patrols UC-65 was credited with sinking 105 ships either by torpedo or by mines laid. UC-65 was torpedoed and sunk by HMS C15 on 3 November 1917.
 The Renault Espace is a large multi-purpose-vehicle (MPV) from French car-maker Renault. Generations 1–3 were sold under the Renault brand but manufactured by Matra. The current fourth generation model which seats seven passengers is an all-Renault product; the Renault Grand Espace is a long-wheelbase version with increased rear leg room and boot size. The name Espace means space in French.The Espace is often credited as being the world's first MPV a claim Renault themselves encourage.
 The Maserati Quattroporte is a luxury four-door saloon made by Maserati in Italy. The name translated from Italian literally means four doors. There have been six generations of this car.
 TSS (RMS) Ben-my-Chree (V) was the second of four side-loading car ferries ordered by the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company. Built in 1965 she was the last of their vessels designed with two classes of passenger accommodation and the fifth company vessel to bear the name. She operated until 1984 and was broken up in 1989.
 PRR 1223 is the only preserved class D16sb of the Pennsylvania Railroad. The 4-4-0 sits on static display at the Railroad Museum of Pennsylvania in Strasburg. Between 1965 and 1989 the 1223 ran on excursions on the Strasburg Rail Road also in Strasburg. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The second USS California (ACR-6) also referred to as Armored Cruiser 6 and later renamed San Diego was a United States Navy Pennsylvania-class armored cruiser.She was launched on 28 April 1904 by Union Iron Works San Francisco California sponsored by Miss Florence Pardee (daughter of California governor George C. Pardee) and commissioned on 1 August 1907 Captain V. L.
 The Kokai Maru was a 3871 gross ton passenger cargo ship built by Hakodate Dock Company Hakodate Hokkaidō for Simatani Kisen Kabushiki Kaisha in 1939. She was requisitioned in 1941 by the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II. On 10 March 1942 during the invasion of Lae-Salamaua Kokai Maru was damaged by SBD’s from the United States Navy aircraft carriers USS Lexington and USS Yorktown off Lae New Guinea.
 The Gotha Go 149 was a military aircraft developed in Germany in the mid-1930s for training fighter pilots. It was a conventional low-wing cantilever monoplane with tailwheel undercarriage the main units of which retracted inwards. The wing was wooden while the monocoque fuselage was metal.
 USS Levy (DE-162) was a Cannon-class destroyer escort named in honor of Commodore Uriah P. Levy (1792–1862) a notable figure of the 19th-century Navy.The ship was laid down on 19 October 1942 by the Federal Shipbuilding and Drydock Company Newark New Jersey launched on 28 March 1943; sponsored by Mrs. Charles Mathoff niece of Commodore Levy; and commissioned on 13 May 1943 Capt. Frank S. Schmidt in command.
 The Globe KD6G Firefly was an American target drone built by the Globe Aircraft Corporation for operation by the United States Navy during the 1950s and early 1960s.
 USS Snark (SP-1291) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Snark was built in 1917 by the Herreshoff Manufacturing Company at Bristol Rhode Island as a private motorboat for Carl Tucker of New York City one of nine 62-foot 4-inch (19-meter) motorboats the company built for private owners specifically for use as patrol boats in time of war. Accordingly the U.S.
 The Pensacola class of United States Navy heavy cruisers were the first treaty cruisers designed under the limitations set by the Washington Naval Treaty which limited cruisers to a maximum of 10000 tons displacement and a maximum main battery caliber of 8 inches.
 Zond 4 a formal component of the Soviet Zond program and unmanned version of Soyuz 7K-L1 manned Moon-flyby spacecraft was one of the first Soviet experiments towards manned circumlunar spaceflight. It was launched to test the spaceworthiness of the new capsule and to gather data about flights in circumterrestrial space. It was the first Soviet spacecraft to possess a computer the 34 kg Argon 11.
 The Danish ironclad Helgoland was a coast defence barbette ironclad named for the Danish victory over the combined Prussian and Austro-Hungarian squadron at Battle of Heligoland during the Second Schleswig War in 1864.
 HMS Nassau was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the English Royal Navy launched at Portsmouth Dockyard in 1699.Nassau was wrecked in 1706.
 The LSWR P14 class was a class of 4-6-0 locomotive designed by Dugald Drummond for the London and South Western Railway.
 USS Boyle (DD-600) was a Benson-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was the first ship named after Thomas Boyle a privateer and naval officer during the War of 1812.Boyle was launched 15 June 1942 by Bethlehem Steel Corporation Quincy Massachusetts; sponsored by Mrs. Margaret A. Glascock great-granddaughter of Sailing Master Boyle; and commissioned 15 August 1942 Lieutenant Commander E. S. Karpe in command.
 USS Carolina was a 57 ft 6 in (17.53 m) wooden-hulled harbor launch built at Morehead City North Carolina in 1906 for the United States Coast Guard and stationed at Elizabeth City North Carolina for her entire career.In accordance with Federal legislation of 28 January 1915 this ship was automatically transferred to the United States Navy upon the United States entry into World War I in April 1917.
 The Alexander Strider was a single-decker bus body produced in Scotland by Walter Alexander Coachbuilders between 1993 and 1997. The body was available on Dennis Lance Volvo B10B Volvo B10M Scania N113 and Scania L113 chassis.
 The GMC Terrain is a mid-size crossover SUV. According to GM it replaced the Pontiac Torrent which was sold in the same dealerships prior to GM dropping the Pontiac brand. Like the Torrent the Terrain is based on the Theta platform. The Terrain slots below the Acadia as GMC's smallest SUV.
 The Caldwell Class of destroyers served in the United States Navy near the end of World War I. Two were deleted during the 1930s but four survived to serve throughout World War II three of these in service with the Royal Navy under the Destroyers for Bases Agreement.
 USS Columbus (SSN-762) a Los Angeles-class submarine was the fourth ship of the United States Navy to be named for Columbus Ohio. The contract to build her was awarded to the Electric Boat Division of General Dynamics Corporation in Groton Connecticut on 21 March 1986 and her keel was laid down on 9 January 1991. She was launched on 1 August 1992 sponsored by Mrs. Margaret DeMars and commissioned on 24 July 1993 with Commander Carl M. Smeigh Jr. in command.
 HMS Narwhal (N45) was one of the six ship class of Grampus-class mine-laying submarine of the Royal Navy. She was built by Vickers Armstrong Barrow and launched 29 August 1935. She served in the Second World War in home waters. She was lost in the North Sea on 23 July 1940 and had probably been sunk by German aircraft.
 HMS Medusa was a 38-gun 5th rate frigate of the Royal Navy that served in the Napoleonic Wars. Launched on 14 April 1801 she took part in the Action of 5 October 1804 against a Spanish squadron in the River Plate Expedition in 1807 and made several captures of enemy ships before being converted to a hospital ship in 1813. She was broken up in 1816.
 Lexam is a motorcycle manufactured and designed for the Southeast Asia market by Yamaha Motor Vietnam. Lexam is an underbone and use Y-CAT (Yamaha Compact Automatic Transmission) a compact CVT transmission still with chain. It was introduced in 26/11/2009 for Vietnam market and planned in 2010 for Indonesia markets.
 The MV Stolt Strength is a Philippines-flagged ship managed by a Panamanian company. It was hijacked by Somali pirates off the Gulf of Aden on November 10 2008. The chemical tanker carrying phosphoric acid and 21 Filipino crewmembers aboard was attacked by armed men carrying automatic rifles and rocket-propelled grenades.
 The second USS Surprise and third American naval ship of the name was a ketch that served in the United States Navy from 1815 to 1820.Surprise was purchased by the U.S. Navy at New Orleans Louisiana in March 1815 for operations in a small squadron commanded by Commodore Daniel Todd Patterson against pirates and slave traders.On 18 June 1818 Surprise commanded by Lieutenant Isaac M'Keever captured the schooners Merino and Louisa which carried between them 25 slaves.
 König David redirects here. For other uses see David (disambiguation).Król Dawid (King David in English) was a galleon of the Polish Navy. It fought during the Battle of Oliwa. It was launched in 1623 in Gdańsk and initially served as a merchant ship under a German name of König David. During the Polish wars with Sweden it was drafted into the Polish navy along with Wodnik and Arka Noego. They fought in the Battle of Hel on May 17 1627. After a short artillery duel the skirmish was over.
 The Aero Boero 260AG is an Argentine agricultural aircraft that first flew in 1973. Despite the similarity in designation it is completely different from and unrelated to the Aero Boero AB-260.The 260AG is a low-wing monoplane with a single seat and fixed tailwheel undercarriage. Development commenced in 1971 as the AG.235/260 but various problems forced the project to stagnate and it was not revived until the 1990s.
 The de Havilland DH 112 Venom was a British postwar single-engined jet aircraft developed from the de Havilland Vampire. It served with the Royal Air Force as a single-seat fighter-bomber and two-seat night fighter.The Venom was an interim between the first generation of British jet fighters – straight-wing aircraft powered by centrifugal flow engines such as the Gloster Meteor and the Vampire and later swept wing axial flow-engined designs such as the Hawker Hunter and de Havilland Sea Vixen.
 USS St. Mary's (APA-126) was a Haskell-class attack transport of the US Navy. She was built and used during World War II. She was of the VC2-S-AP5 Victory ship design type. St. Mary's was named for St. Mary's County Maryland. She is the fourth of four US Navy ships to bear that name.
 USS Virginia (BB-13) was a United States Navy battleship the lead ship of her class of five. She was the fifth ship to carry her name.Virginia was laid down on 21 May 1902 Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company Newport News Virginia; launched on 6 April 1904; sponsored by Miss Gay Montague daughter of the Virginia Governor Andrew Jackson Montague; and commissioned on 7 May 1906 Captain Seaton Schroeder in command.
 The Nissan R383 was a race car built in 1970 by Nissan Motors that was planned for use in the 1970 Japanese Grand Prix. Replacing the Nissan R382 it would be the final racing sportscar built by Nissan until the mid-1980s.
 USS Murrelet (AM-372) was an Auk-class minesweeper acquired by the United States Navy to removed mines from minefields laid to prevent ships from passing. She was the only U.S. Navy ship named for the murrelet a small sea bird found chiefly on islands in the northern Pacific Ocean.Murrelet was laid down 29 August 1944 by the Savannah Machine & Foundry Co. Savannah Georgia; launched 29 December 1944; sponsored by Mrs. W. L. Mingledorff; and commissioned 21 August 1945 Lt. Comdr. John E.
 The Akaflieg Stuggart FS-26 Moseppl is a German single-seat powered sailplane with twin fins and rudders designed and built by Akaflieg Stuttgart. First flown on the 25 September 1970 it was designed as an experiment and not intended for production.
 Hayashimo (早霜) was a Yūgumo-class destroyer of the Imperial Japanese Navy. Her name means Early Frost.Battle of the Philippine Sea: Assigned to Force B. In the Battle of Leyte Gulf Hayashimo escorted the 1st Diversion Attack Force commanded by Admiral Kurita Takeo. She was damaged on 25 October 1944 during air attacks in the Battle off Samar. Falling behind the withdrawing fleet she was escorted toward Coron by Akishimo until 26 October when latter was ordered to rejoin the fleet.
 The MV Biscaglia is a chemical tanker managed by Ishima Pte. Ltd. of Singapore and held by Industrial Shipping Enterprises Management Company LLC of Stamford Connecticut USA.
 The Rover 8 was a name given to three early models of car from the British Rover car company. The original one produced between 1904 and 1912 was the first production Rover car. The name was used again from 1911 to 1912 on a new car with a Knight sleeve-valve engine and finally from 1919 to 1925 on a twin-cylinder light car.
 HNLMS Buffel is a 19th-century iron-clad ram ship. She was one of the main attractions of the Maritime Museum Rotterdam also known as the Prince Hendrik Museum named after its founder Prince Henry (Hendrik) the Navigator who had a naval career and established the basis of the museum back in 1874. In October 2013 the ship moved to Hellevoetsluis and is again open for public.
 USS Henry County (IX-34) an unclassified miscellaneous vessel was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for Henry County which exists in Alabama Georgia Illinois Indiana Iowa Kentucky Ohio Tennessee and Virginia.Her keel was laid down by the American Ship Building Company in Cleveland Ohio.
 The third USS Curlew (AM-69/IX-170) was a Catbird-class minesweeper in the United States Navy during World War II.Curlew was built in 1938 by Charleston Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Co. Charleston South Carolina as Kittiwake; purchased by the U.S. Navy on 6 August 1940; and commissioned 7 November 1940 Lieutenant (junior grade) W. T. Patrick USNR in command.
 Empire Arrow was a steam powered oil tanker which was launched in 1921 and scrapped in 1939.
 The ACAZ C.2 Ateliers de Construction Aeronautique de Zeebruge was a prototype Belgian biplane fighter aircraft. Built entirely of Duralumin metal it was an advanced design at the time of its first flight in 1926 but although evaluated by the Belgian Air Force no orders were placed.
 Saipem 7000 is the world's second largest crane vessel after the Thialf. The crane radius of the Saipem 7000 grants a lifting capability of 14000 tonnes at 42 meters while the Thialf can lift 14200 tonnes at 31.2 meters. It is owned by the oil and gas industry contractor Saipem S.p.A.
 HMS H31 was a British H class submarine built by Vickers Limited Barrow-in-Furness. She was laid down on 19 April 1917 and was commissioned on 21 February 1919.HMS H31 survived until World War II . During the war she took part in the operation to keep the German battleship Scharnhorst in Brest France in November 1941 before the Channel Dash to German homeports in the company of Gneisenau and Prinz Eugen in February 1942.
 The Scania G/P/R-Series formerly Scania 4-series is a truck model range which was produced by Scania in 1995 as the 1996 model. It was the successor of the 3-series and it came in five engine combinations and four chassis types. Production of Scania 4-series was stopped after its successors P-series R-series and G-series were starting in 2004.
 The Palestro-class ironclad floating batteries were four floating batteries built for the French Navy in 1859-62 to replace the Crimean War-built vessels because of fears that the 1855 ships would deteriorate because they had been built hurriedly with poor wood.
 Inland Flyer was a passenger steamboat that ran on Puget Sound from 1898 to 1916. From 1910 to 1916 this vessel was known as the Mohawk. The vessel is notable as the first steamer on Puget Sound to use oil fuel. Inland Flyer was one of the most famous vessels of the time on Puget Sound.
 HMAS Gascoyne (K354/F354/A276) was a River class frigate that served in the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). Laid down in 1942 and commissioned in 1943 the frigate served during World War II before being placed in reserve in 1946. Reactivated in 1959 Gascoyne was reclassified as a survey and research ship a role she fulfilled until she was decommissioned again in 1966 and sold for scrap in 1972
 The de Havilland DH.82 Tiger Moth is a 1930s biplane designed by Geoffrey de Havilland and was operated by the Royal Air Force (RAF) and others as a primary trainer. The Tiger Moth remained in service with the RAF until replaced by the de Havilland Chipmunk in 1952 when many of the surplus aircraft entered civil operation. Many other nations used the Tiger Moth in both military and civil applications and it remains in widespread use as a recreational aircraft in many countries.
 USS Stinger (SP-1252) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Stinger was built in 1917 with the builder's name Herreshoff No. 312 by the Herreshoff Manufacturing Company at Bristol Rhode Island as a private steam yacht for R. S. Russell of Boston Massachusetts. Russell who renamed her Stinger had her built to a naval patrol boat design with the intention of making her available to the U.S. Navy in the event of war. Accordingly the U.S.
 The Volkswagen Jetta Pionier is a Chinese Volkswagen model produced by FAW-Volkswagen at its plants in Changchun and Chengdu. It was launched in March 2010 and replaced the Volkswagen Jetta König. In February 2013 it was replaced by the Volkswagen Jetta Night.The Jetta Pionier was basically a facelifted version of the Jetta König which was the result of the technical combination between Volkswagen Jetta and design scheme from the Volkswagen Passat.
 USS F-1 (SS-20) was an F-class submarine. She was named Carp when her keel was laid down by Union Iron Works of San Francisco California making her the first ship of the United States Navy named for the carp. She was launched on 6 September 1911 sponsored by Ms. J. Tynan renamed F-1 on 17 November 1911 and commissioned on 19 June 1912 Lieutenant junior grade J.B. Howell in command.
 The Luton L.A.4 Minor was a 1930s British single-seat high-wing ultra-light aircraft. The prototype was built by the Luton Aircraft Limited and design plans were later adapted and copies sold for homebuilding.
 The first USS Albacore (SP-751) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Albacore was built as a civilian motorboat of the same name in 1900 by Howard Brothers at San Diego California. The U.S. Navy acquired her from her owner Bryant H. Howard of San Diego in 1917 for World War I service as a patrol vessel.
 RNLB Guide of Dunkirk (ON 826) was a lifeboat whose construction was funded by the Girl Guides in 1940. She was self-righting and designed for launching from a beach. As one of the Little Ships of Dunkirk she was used in the evacuation of Allied soldiers from Dunkirk in World War II. Between 1941 and 1963 she was stationed in Cornwall UK as a lifeboat. In 1963 she passed into private ownership.
 Rootes Arrow was the manufacturer's name for a range of cars produced under several badge-engineered marques by the Rootes Group (later Chrysler Europe) from 1966 to 1979. It is amongst the last Rootes designs developed with no influence from future owner Chrysler. The range is sometimes referred to by the name of the most prolific model the Hillman Hunter.A substantial number of separate marque and model names applied to this single car platform.
 The Mil Mi-28 (NATO reporting name 'Havoc') is a Russian all-weather day-night military tandem two-seat anti-armor attack helicopter. It is a dedicated attack helicopter with no intended secondary transport capability better optimized than the Mil Mi-24 for the role. It carries a single gun in an undernose barbette plus external loads carried on pylons beneath stub wings.
 Spirit of Lowestoft is a Tyne-class lifeboat stationed at Lowestoft in the English county of Suffolk The lifeboat commenced its service at the station in 1987.
 The GEN H-4 is a Japanese helicopter under development by GEN Corporation of Nagano. The aircraft is intended to be supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 USS Wright (AZ-1/AV-1) was a one-of-a-kind auxiliary ship in the United States Navy named for aviation pioneer Orville Wright.
 HNoMS Thrudvang was a monitor built for the Royal Norwegian Navy in 1869. She was scrapped in 1918 well after her muzzle-loading guns were outdated.The slightly later Thor can be seen as an improvement of the Skorpionen class.
 USS Bailey (DD-492) was a Benson-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was the third ship named for Admiral Theodorus Bailey.Bailey was launched 19 December 1941 by Bethlehem Steel Company Staten Island New York; sponsored by Mrs. Mary de Peyster Charles granddaughter of Admiral Bailey commissioned 11 May 1942 Lieutenant Commander F. D. Karns Jr. in command; and reported to the Pacific Fleet.
 The Yakovlev Yak-26 was a tactical supersonic bomber version of the Soviet Yakovlev Yak-27 (NATO reporting name 'Flashlight') developed in 1956. The Yak-26 was developed from the Yak-25 along with the Yak-27 family of interceptor fighter and reconnaissance aircraft. The main goal was to increase the speed to supersonic.
 The CFM Shadow is a British ultralight aircraft designed in the 1980s. It is of high wing pusher pod and boom layout and seats two. About 400 have been built.
 The Jaguar XJ (X300) is a luxury saloon manufactured by Jaguar Cars between 1994 and 1997. It was the first XJ produced entirely under Ford ownership and can be considered an evolution of the outgoing XJ40 generation. Like all previous XJ generations it features the Jaguar independent rear suspension arrangement.
 The Marshal Shaposhnikov (BPK 543) is an Udaloy-class destroyer of the Russian Navy laid down in 1985. The vessel serves in the Russian Pacific Fleet and is currently undertaking operations to combat piracy off the Somalian coast. Her namesake is Boris Shaposhnikov.
 Colosse was a Téméraire class 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy. Between 1815 and 1827 her forecastle and quarterdeck were razéed and she was turned into the flush deck 60-gun first rank frigate Pallas.
 USS Cacapon (AO-52) was a Cimarron-class fleet oiler acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She served her country primarily in the Pacific Ocean Theatre of Operations and provided petroleum products where needed to combat ships.
 RFA Brambleleaf (A81) was a Leaf-class support tanker of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary. She should not be confused with the support/freighting tanker RFA Brambleleaf of 1959 also with the pennant number A81. On 18 August 2009 she was towed to Ghent for scrapping.
 The Volkswagen Type 2 (T3) was the third generation of the Volkswagen Transporter and was marketed under various nameplates worldwide – including as the Transporter or Caravelle in Europe Microbus in South Africa and as the Vanagon in North and South America.Larger and heavier than its predecessor the T2 – and with a more squared and less rounded styling – the T3 was manufactured in Germany from 1979 until 1992.South African production of the T3 continued for that market only until 2002.
 Three Gipsy-class destroyers served with the Royal Navy; Osprey Fairy and Gipsy were three funnelled 30-knot (56 km/h) C-class destroyers built by Fairfield with Thorneycroft boilers. Leven Falcon and Ostrich are sometime referred to as the Falcon class but are here listed under the Gipsy class. These 209-foot (64 m) long ships were armed with the standard 12-pounder gun and two torpedo tubes and all served in the First World War in home waters.
 USS Saury (SS-189) a Sargo-class submarine was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the saury a long-beaked relative of the flying fish found in the temperate zones of the Atlantic.Her keel was laid down on 28 June 1937 by the Electric Boat Company in Groton Connecticut. She was launched on 20 August 1938 sponsored by Mrs. James Paul Casbarian who headed the Navy's Ships Names and Sponsors Office and commissioned on 3 April 1939 with Lieutenant G. W.
 Beagle 2 was an unsuccessful British landing spacecraft that formed part of the European Space Agency's 2003 Mars Express mission. All contact with it was lost upon its separation from the Mars Express six days before its scheduled entry into the atmosphere. Beagle 2 was named after HMS Beagle which twice carried Charles Darwin during expeditions which would later lead to the theory of natural selection.
 The first USS Saturn (AG-4) was an iron collier in the United States Navy. Saturn was launched during 1890 by Harlan & Hollingsworth Company Wilmington Delaware; was purchased on 2 April 1898 by the United States Navy from the Boston Towboat Company for service in the Spanish-American War; and commissioned on 11 April 1898 Commander Samuel W. Very in command.
 The third USS Sea Gull (SP-544) was a wooden yacht in the United States Navy.Sea Gull was built during 1902 as Heather by the Greenport Basin and Construction Company Long Island New York was enrolled in the Naval Coast Defense Reserve on 1 June 1917 following the entry of the United States into World War I; and commissioned shortly afterward Ensign Cheston M. Bryant in command.
 The Aermacchi MB-339 is an Italian military trainer and light attack aircraft. It was developed as a replacement for the earlier MB-326.
 USS Macabi (SS-375) was a Balao-class submarine of the United States Navy named for the macabi a bonefish (Albula vulpes) living in tropical seas and off the American coasts as far north as San Diego and Long Island and reaching a length of 3 feet (1 m).Macabi was laid down 1 May 1944 by Manitowoc Shipbuilding Co. Manitowoc Wisc.; launched 19 September 1944 sponsored by Mrs. Arthur S. Carpender wife of Rear Admiral Carpender; and commissioned 29 March 1945 Commander Anthony H.
 The Schweizer SGU 1-6 was a United States Open Class single-seat high-wing pod-and-boom glider built by Schweizer Metal Aircraft Company of Elmira New York.The sole SGU 1-6 built was completed in 1937 as an experimental aircraft and registered N17897. The design was never certified.
 USS Providence a gundalow was built at Skenesboro New York on Lake Champlain by the Continental Army for Brigadier-General Benedict Arnold's fleet on Lake Champlain in 1776 during the American Revolutionary War.Under the command of Captain Simonds an Army officer she participated in the engagement at Valcour Island between Arnold's fleet and a British squadron on 11 October 1776.
 The Illinois Central Railroad's No. 1 was the railroad's only 4-6-4 Hudson type locomotive and the only 4-6-4 in North America built for freight service. It was rebuilt in the railroad's own shops from Illinois Central 7000 class 2-8-4 Berkshire No. 7038 in 1937 as an experiment to haul fast freight trains which were growing too large for 4-6-2 Pacific types and required more speed than the road's 2-8-2 locomotives could manage.The experiment was not successful.
 The Pottier P.70 was a single-seat single-engine sport aircraft developed in France in the 1970s and marketed for homebuilding. It was a mid-wing cantilever monoplane of conventional design with an enclosed cockpit. Originally designed with fixed tricycle undercarriage the plans were later revised to offer a fixed tailwheel option. Construction throughout was of metal. A two-seat tandem version was developed as the P.170.
 USNS Pathfinder (T-AGS 60) is an oceanographic survey ship and the lead vessel of her class.
 The Best Friend of Charleston was a steam-powered railroad locomotive. It is widely acclaimed as the first locomotive to be built entirely within the United States. It also produced the first locomotive boiler explosion in the US.
 The Avia BH-4 was a prototype fighter aircraft built in Czechoslovakia in 1922. It was a development of the BH-3 fitted with a Hispano-Suiza 8 engine in an attempt to improve the aircraft's performance. To accommodate the new powerplant the forward fuselage was considerably redesigned and the structure in general and undercarriage in particular were strengthened. Performance was found to be only marginally better than the BH-3 and development was quickly abandoned.
 HM Sloop Investigator was a survey ship of the Royal Navy. In 1802 under the command of Matthew Flinders she was the first ship to circumnavigate Australia.
 The MV Chelan is an Issaquah 130 Class ferry operated by Washington State Ferries.
 The BICh-5 was a tail-less bomber aircraft designed in the USSR from 1928.
 HMS Caicos was a Colony-class frigate of the United Kingdom that served during World War II. She was originally ordered by the United States Navy as the Tacoma-class patrol frigate USS Hannam and was transferred to the Royal Navy prior to completion. After her return to U.S. Navy custody she was sold to Argentina and served in the Argentine Navy (Armada de la Republica Argentina) as a frigate under the names ARA Trinidad (P-34) and ARA Santísima Trinidad (P-34) from 1948 to 1962.
 The Advanced High Performance Reconnaissance Light Aircraft (Ahrlac) is a light reconnaissance and counter-insurgency aircraft developed in South Africa by AHRLAC Holdings a joint venture between the Paramount Group and Aerosud. Designed as an inexpensive more versatile substitute for unmanned aerial vehicles it is expected to make its first flight in 2012.
 The Short SC.1 was the first British fixed-wing vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) aircraft. The SC.1 was designed to study the problems with VTOL flight and the transition to and from forward flight.
 USNS Maury (T-AGS-66) is a Pathfinder class oceanographic survey ship. It is the seventh ship in the class. Maury is named after Matthew Fontaine Maury the first superintendent of the U.S. Naval Observatory. Maury will be the first oceanographic survey ship built since USNS Mary Sears was launched in 2000. At approximately 350 feet (110 m) Maury will be 24 feet (7.3 m) longer than her other sister ships in the same class.
 The Ambrosini SAI.10 Grifone (Griffon) was a military trainer aircraft produced in small numbers for the Italian Regia Aeronautica early in World War II. With the approach of war the Ministero dell' Aeronautica began a programme to increase the number of pilots available and ordered a prototype primary trainer from Ambrosini. This aircraft a parasol monoplane of mixed construction first flew on July 8 1939 with Guiliano Ferrari at the controls.
 The Grumman F2F was a single-engine biplane fighter aircraft with retractable undercarriage serving as the standard fighter for the United States Navy between 1936 and 1940. It was designed for both carrier- and land-based operations.
 HMS F2 was a British F class submarine of the Royal Navy. She was built at J. Samuel White at Cowes laid down 30 November 1914 and launched 7 July 1917.F2 was sold for scrapping in Portsmouth in 1922
 The Nissan Diesel Space Runner JP (kana:日産ディーゼル・スペースランナーJP) is a medium-duty bus produced by the Japanese manufacturer Nissan Diesel from 1994 until 2010. The range was primarily available as city bus.
 HMS Belvidera was a 36-gun Royal Navy Apollo-class fifth-rate frigate built in Deptford in 1809. She saw action in the Napoleonic Wars and the War of 1812 and continued a busy career at sea into the middle of the 19th century. In 1846 she was reduced to harbour service in 1860 she became a receiving ship and she was finally disposed of in 1906.
 BAE Abdón Calderón was a naval ship of Ecuador. It was launched in 1886.During the 1941 border conflict with Peru the gunboat Calderon had an encounter in the Jambeli channel with the Peruvian Orfey class destroyer Almirante Villar. After sighting the Peruvian ship the Calderón engaged the Peruvian vessel a clash ensued in which the Peruvian ship received multiple impacts after suffering heavy damage it returned to its home port Callao.
 The second-generation Ford Taurus is an automobile produced by the Ford Motor Company from 1991 to 1995 which served as the second out of six generations of the Ford Taurus.The second-generation Taurus shared all of its mechanical parts with the first-generation Ford Taurus yet its exterior and interior were nearly completely redesigned.
 The TVR Cerbera Speed 12 originally known as the Project 7/12 was a high performance concept car designed by TVR in 1997. Based in part on then-current TVR hardware the vehicle was intended to be both the world's highest performance road car and the basis for a GT1 class endurance racer.
 HMNZS Taupo (F423) originally HMS Loch Shin was a Loch class frigate which served in the Royal New Zealand Navy (RNZN) from 1948 to 1962.
 The Excellence was a luxury saloon unveiled by Facel-Vega of Paris France at the Paris Auto Show in October 1956 to rave reviews by the motoring press. Production started in 1958 and lasted until the company ceased production in 1964. The car was based on an elongated chassis from the Facel Vega FV Coupé. It was the only four-door model the company ever made. Production ended after only 156 cars had been built.
 The SIPA S.251 Antilope was a low-wing monoplane seating four or five and powered by a single turboprop engine developed in France in the early 1960s. It set a number of class records but was not put into production.
 The Barnett-class lifeboat was operated by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) from its stations around the coasts of the United Kingdom.
 The Hirth Hi 21 was a multi-purpose two seat side-by-side configuration training glider designed and built in Germany during World War II. It had a retractable undercarriage and wings of variable sweep to accommodate centre of gravity changes. Only one was completed but was heavily used immediately after the end of the war.
 The Toyota Camry TS-01 is a concept car based on the Toyota MCV30 Camry. It was designed and built mainly using resources of Toyota Australia and was unveiled at the 2005 Melbourne International Motor Show in Australia.The external and interior design were done by Toyota Style Australia led by Paul Beranger.
 The ViS ViS-3 is a high wing single engine ultralight designed and built in Ukraine. The production version is known as the KkAZ-30 (ХАЗ-30).
 The Gorch Fock is a tall ship of the German Navy (Deutsche Marine). She is the second ship of that name and a sister ship of the Gorch Fock built in 1933. Both ships are named in honour of the German writer Johann Kinau who wrote under the pseudonym Gorch Fock and died in the battle of Jutland/Skagerrak in 1916. The modern-day Gorch Fock was built in 1958 and has since then undertaken 146 cruises (as of October 2006) including one tour around the world in 1988.
 HMS Sparrowhawk was an Acasta-class destroyer built in 1912 and sunk in 1916 at the battle of Jutland after a collision with the destroyer leader HMS Broke.
 SS Bergensfjord was a Norwegian ocean liner that sailed for the Norwegian America Line to the United States. During the Second World War she was requisitioned by the British Ministry of War Transport and used as a troop ship. After the war she continued sailing as a Trans-Atlantic passenger liner first for South American owners then for an Israeli company.
 The first USS Sappho (ID-1427) was a United States Navy ferry transport in commission from 1918 to 1919.Sappho was built in 1886 as a wooden-hulled commercial ferry steamer SS Sappho at Bath Maine by New England Shipbuilding Company. The U.S. Navy acquired her from her owner William C. Sproul of Chester Pennsylvania for World War I service on 6 August 1918 and commissioned her on 20 August 1918 as USS Sappho with Boatswain D.
 The TVR 390SE is a sports car designed and built by TVR. It was introduced in October 1984. It featured many novelties not found in other 'Wedge' TVRs before and was also the most powerful one yet. It never received British Type Approval so technically speaking the 390SE was just a 350i with special equipment fitted.
 The Ford Cortina is a car built by Ford of Britain in various guises from 1962 to 1982 and was the United Kingdom's best-selling car of the 1970s.The Cortina was produced in five generations (Mark I through to Mark V although officially the last one was called the Cortina 80) from 1962 until 1982. From 1970 onward it was almost identical to the German-market Ford Taunus (being built on the same platform) which was originally a different car model.
 The Ferrari 612 Modulo is a concept car designed by Paolo Martin of the Italian carozzeria Pininfarina unveiled at the 1970 Geneva Motor Show. In 1968 Ferrari built 612 Can Am chassis 0864 which after testing was given to Pininfarina to build a show car.Modulo has an extremely low body with a canopy-style roof that slides forward to permit entry to the cabin. All four wheels are partly covered.
 The two funnel Clyde steamer TS Queen Mary was built at the William Denny shipyard at Dumbarton for Williamson-Buchanan. The 871 gross tons steamer was powered by three direct drive steam turbines and carried 2086 passengers making her the largest (though not the longest) excursion turbine on the River Clyde.
 HMCS Pictou was a Royal Canadian Navy Flower-class corvette which took part in convoy escort duties during the Second World War. She fought mainly in the Battle of the Atlantic. She was named for Pictou Nova Scotia.
 The Roewe 550 is a car produced by Roewe in the People's Republic of China launched at the April 2008 Beijing Motor Show. The 550 is reported to be derived from the MG Rover RDX60 project (itself based on the platform of the Rover 75) which was under development when MG Rover failed.
 The Pourquoi Pas ? IV was the fourth ship built for Jean-Baptiste Charcot. She completed the second Charcot expedition of the Antarctic regions from 1908 to 1910. Charcot died aboard when she was wrecked on 16 September 1936 off the coast of Iceland. Of the forty men on board only one survived.
 Strela (Russian: Стрела arrow) is a Russian orbital carrier rocket derived from the Soviet/Russian UR-100NU missile. It conducted its maiden test launch on 5 December 2003 and its first functioning payload on 27 June 2013.It was originally planned to be launched from the Svobodny Cosmodrome with test launches being conducted from existing UR-100 silos at the Baikonur Cosmodrome. Svobodny was closed in 2007 without seeing any Strela launches.
 La Niña (Spanish for The Girl) was one of the three ships used by Christopher Columbus in his first voyage towards the Indies in 1492. The ship was originally called the Santa Clara but was changed to La Niña. The name Niña was probably a pun on the name of her owner Juan Niño of Moguer. She was a standard caravel-type vessel.The other ships of the Columbus expedition were the caravel-type Pinta and the carrack-type Santa María. The Niña was by far Columbus's favorite.
 The Aeros Virtuoso is a Ukrainian single-place paraglider that was designed and produced by Aeros of Kiev.
 The Provence was a 64-gun ship of the line of the French Navy. She was funded by a don des vaisseaux donation from the Estates of Provence.Ordered as Union in February 1762 the ship was renamed Provence on 17 March and begun in May on plans by engineer Gauthier.After an uneventful career she was decommissioned in February 1769 but reactivated in April of the next year and commissioned under Captain Moriès-Castellet.
 The Martin MO was an American observation monoplane built by the Glenn L. Martin Company of Cleveland Ohio for the United States Navy.In the early 1920s the United States Navy became interested in a thick aerofoil section cantilever wing United States military observation aircraft developed by the Dutch company Fokker. The Navy's Bureau of Aeronautics designed a three-seat observation monoplane to use a similar wing.
 USS Kerstin (AF-34) was an Adria-class stores ship acquired by the U.S. Navy for service in World War II. Her task was to carry stores refrigerated items and equipment to ships in the fleet and to remote stations and staging areas.Kerstin was launched 16 July 1944 by Pennsylvania Shipyards Inc. Beaumont Texas under a Maritime Commission contract; sponsored by Mrs. W. B. Towns; acquired by the Navy 22 January 1945; and commissioned 23 February 1945 at Houston Texas Lt. H. C.
 The Dayton-Wright T-4 Messenger was a light single-seat reconnaissance aircraft built in the United States by the Dayton-Wright Company in 1918 in the hope of gaining a production contract from the United States Army. It was a small conventional single-bay biplane with a neatly streamlined fuselage and staggered equal-span wings. The undercarriage was of fixed tailskid type and the pilot sat in an open cockpit.
 The third USS Montgomery was a wooden screw steamer in the Union Navy during the American Civil War.Montgomery was built at New York in 1858; chartered by the Navy in May 1861; purchased at New York 28 August 1861; and commissioned 27 May 1861 at New York Comdr. O. S. Glisson in command.
 IAR 111 Excelsior is a supersonic mothership project[citation needed] designed by ARCA intended to transport a rocket payload up to 18000 m and for developing space tourism related technologies. The aircraft is to be constructed almost entirely from composite materials and will be designed for take-off and landing from the sea surface.[citation needed] The first flight is scheduled for 2013.
 Sapphire was a 38-gun fourth-rate frigate of the English Royal Navy originally built for the navy of the Commonwealth of England by Peter Pett I at Ratcliffe and launched in 1651.Unlike many of her half-sisters Sapphire seems to have never had additional guns added to her after completion; indeed by 1666 she carried just 36 in wartime (and 30 in peacetime) with 12 culverins and 10 demi-culverins on the lower deck and 14 sakers on the upper deck.
 The Renault KJ was a compact car or small family car automobile manufactured by Renault from 1923 to 1924.
 The British Rail Class 419 Motor Luggage Vans (or MLV) were battery electric multiple unit cars built from 1951-61 by BR at Eastleigh Works.
 HMS Renown was a 74-gun third-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy.
 The Dornier Do 22 was a German seaplane developed in the 1930s. Despite good performance it was built only in small numbers and entirely for the export market. The type was operated in the Second World War by Greece Yugoslavia and Finland.
 The NEOPLAN Centroliner is a series of low floor bus which was first unveiled in 1997 and mainly built by NEOPLAN Bus GmbH for the European market. At the time when it was first released it adopted contemporary technologies like Controller Area Network.The product range of Centroliner included: midibus full-size/articulated single-decker and three-axle double-decker in different body lengths.
 USS Swift (AM-122) was an Auk-class minesweeper acquired by the United States Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.The second U.S. Naval vessel to be so named Swift was laid down on 27 June 1942 by John H. Mathis & Company Camden New Jersey. The ship launched on 5 December 1942 sponsored by Mrs. J. E. Sheedy and commissioned on 29 December 1943 Lt. Comdr. R. K. Cockey USNR in command.
 The Gry Maritha is a freight ship based at Penzance in Cornwall England United Kingdom run by the Isles of Scilly Steamship Company.
 HMCS Lethbridge was a Flower-class corvette that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. She served primarily in the Battle of the Atlantic as an ocean escort. She was named for Lethbridge Alberta.
 The Brokaw BJ-250 Bullet was a two-seat sports airplane designed in the United States for amateur construction.
 Repulse sometimes written as Due Repulse was a 40/48-gun ship of the English Navy Royal launched in 1596.Repulse was rebuilt in 1610 as a great ship of 34 principal guns plus 6 smaller anti-personnel guns. She was broken up in 1649.
 The Gibbs Hi-V a New York City Subway car was built between 1904 and 1905 for the IRT and its successors the NYC Board of Transportation and the New York City Transit Authority. It was the first all steel subway car ordered for New York City.Because of the sliding doors which enclosed the motorman's vestibules from the rest of the car compartment the cars were nicknamed Merry Widows.
 The Fisher R-80 Tiger Moth is a Canadian two-seat conventional landing gear single engined biplane kit aircraft designed for construction by amateur builders. The designation indicates that the aircraft is 80% the size of the aircraft that inspired it the de Havilland Tiger Moth. Fisher Flying Products was originally based in Edgeley North Dakota USA but the company is now located in Woodbridge Ontario Canada.
 For the class of ships sometimes known as the Racehorse class see 24 class sloopThe Racecourse class minesweepers were 32 ships delivered to the Royal Navy during the First World War. They were built to two related designs as paddlewheel coastal minesweeping sloops under the Emergency War Programme. The vessels were reasonable sea-boats but lost speed badly in a seaway when the paddle boxes tended to become choked with water.
 British Rail Class 74 was an electro-diesel locomotive that operated on the Southern Region of British Railways rebuilt from redundant Class 71 locomotives in the late 1960s. An electro-diesel locomotive is one that can operate either from an electrical supply such as overhead catenary or (in this case) an energised third rail or from an onboard diesel engine. All the locomotives were withdrawn between June 1976 and December 1977; they were scrapped between 1977 and 1981.
 The Hall Cherokee II is an American high-wing single seat glider that was designed by Stan Hall and introduced in 1956 as plans for amateur construction.Due to its low cost and ease of construction the Cherokee II is one of the most produced home-built gliders.
 The Vought XF8U-3 Crusader III was an aircraft developed by Chance Vought as a successor to the successful Vought F-8 Crusader program and as a competitor to the McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II. Though based in spirit on the F8U-1 and F8U-2 and sharing the older aircraft's designation in the old Navy system the two aircraft shared few parts.
 The Ford B3 platform (for B-class) is a subcompact automobile platform that is jointly developed by Ford Motor Company and Mazda Motor Company at centers in Europe as well as North America and Australia. Previously Ford has used the Mazda-engineered D platform for its B-segment Ford Festiva (hatchback). This new global B-platform project was initiated by Ford in Dearborn MI and is equipped with front MacPherson strut and twist-beam rear suspension.
 USS Bush (DD–166) was a Wickes-class destroyer in the United States Navy during the World War I. She was named for Lieutenant William Sharp Bush USMC.
 SS Hornby was a tug tender which was based at Liverpool. She was built by John Cran & Co. at Leith and launched on 22 January 1908. She became known for her assistance of the RMS Titanic the ill-fated British ocean liner following her launch from the Harland and Wolff slips on 31 May 1911. On 2 April 1912 Titanic was completed. Hornby tended to her again this time during her sea trials. In 1935 Hornby was sold to the Newport Screw Towing Co. and renamed Holman.
 The G&SWR 5 Class were 0-6-0T steam locomotives designed by Peter Drummond for the Glasgow and South Western Railway (G&SWR) and introduced in 1917. They were originally numbered 5 7 and 9.The class was originally designated 5 Class but after the G&SWR's 1919 renumbering this was changed to 322 Class and the locomotives were numbered 322-324
 The Schleicher ASK 14 is a West German low-wing single-seat motor glider that was designed by Rudolf Kaiser and produced by Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co.The aircraft is often referred to as the Schleicher AS-K 14 or the Schleicher ASK-14 the AS for Alexander Schleicher and the K for Kaiser. The US Federal Aviation Administration designates the aircraft as the Schleicher ASW-14 while Transport Canada and the United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority call it the Schleicher ASK 14.
 INS Subhadra (P51) is a Sukanya class patrol vessel of the Indian Navy.INS Subhadra has been used as a test bed for the Dhanush ship-launched ballistic missile and associated stabilization and launch platform.
 SS Minnedosa was a 15000 ton steam ocean liner built in Glasgow on the River Clyde for the Canadian Pacific Shipping Line by Barclay Curle in 1918. She was used on the Liverpool to St John New Brunswick run and called at all the major transatlantic ports.
 Morning Light was a wooden sailing ship. Her size was 265.3’ by 44.1’ by 21.1’. Launched in 1856 she weighed 2377 tons. She was registered at Saint John New Brunswick until 1867. She was made of tamarack oak birch and pitch pine. Her last voyage was in 1889. She was wrecked and abandoned. Her last known cargo was iron and oil.
 USS McCoy Reynolds (DE-440) was a John C. Butler-class destroyer escort acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. The primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy in addition to other tasks as assigned such as patrol or radar picket. Post-war after operating in the Pacific Ocean battle areas her crew members returned home proudly with four battle stars to their credit for World War II and one for the Korean War.
 The Queensland AC16 class locomotive is a 2-8-2 steam locomotive of the Queensland Railways (QR). The locomotives operated on 1067 mm (3 ft 6 in) gauge.The Second World War and the occupation by Japanese forces of Pacific Islands and islands to the north of Australia saw Queensland and the north of Australia placed under the threat of imminent attack.
 The Pohang class corvette (Korean: 포항급 초계함 Hanja: 浦項級哨戒艦) is a class of general purpose vessels operated by the Republic of Korea Navy. They have served in a coastal defense role during the late Cold War and post Cold War period.A total of 24 Pohang-class vessels were built all constructed in South Korea. 21 vessels remain in service.
 USRC James C. Dobbin was a topsail schooner of the Cushing-class (1853) named after President Franklin Pierce's Secretary of the Navy James Cochrane Dobbin. She was initially stationed at Wilmington North Carolina but in 1856 was moved to Savannah Georgia. She was seized by a secessionist mob on 3 January 1861 at Savannah and the officers and crew were held in irons. After the local customs inspector protested the seizure Joseph E.
 USAV General Brehon B. Somervell (LSV-3) is a General Frank S. Besson-class logistics support vessel. The ship was built by VT Halter Marine (formerly Moss Point Marine) of Gulfport Mississippi. It is named for General Brehon B.
 HMAS Burdekin (K376) was a River class frigate that served the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) from 1944 to 1946.She was named for the Burdekin River in Queensland and was one of twelve River class frigates built for the RAN during World War II.
 USS Preble (DLG-15/DDG-46) was a destroyer in the United States Naval Service. She was the fifth ship named to honor after Commodore Edward Preble (1761–1807). Preble was laid down by Bath Iron Works Bath Maine 16 December 1957. She was launched 23 May 1959 and sponsored by Mrs. Ralph E. Wilson. Preble was commissioned in the Boston Naval Shipyard 9 May 1960 Commander Edward G. Fitz-Patrick in command. She was decommissioned 15 November 1991 and struck 20 November 1992 to be scrapped.
 The Mazda Demio is a supermini car produced by the Japanese manufacturer Mazda since 1996 currently in its third generation. It is also marketed globally as the Mazda 2 and previously under other nameplates including Mazda 121 Mazda Metro and Ford Festiva Mini Wagon being at foundation an XUV.The third generation Demio earned the 2008 World Car of the Year title.
 The Honda CRF150F is an off road motorcycle that was introduced in 2003 as the successor to the Honda XR series. The 150F is a mid-range dirt bike for beginner to intermediate riders teens or adults. It is mainly used for family recreation on/off road trails. It has asstiff suspension narrow seat and high ground clearance.
 Oboro (朧 Gloom) was the seventeenth of twenty-four Fubuki-class destroyer built for the Imperial Japanese Navy following World War I. When introduced into service these ships were the most powerful destroyers in the world. They served as first-line destroyers through the 1930s and remained formidable weapons systems well into the Pacific War.
 The A-Stock is an Electric Multiple Unit that operates on the MTR rapid transit railway system in Hong Kong. There are two variants one used on the conventional Tung Chung Line and a more luxurious version used on the Airport Express. The vehicle interiors were designed for MTR by Jones Garrard while the vehicle exterior and driver's cab interior were designed by Design Triangleand the First Two Mod Cab with Passenger interiorwere built by Diara Desgin.
 Fairfax was a 52-gun third-rate Speaker-class frigate of the Commonwealth of England built by Peter Pett I at Deptford and launched in 1650.She was destroyed in an accidental fire in 1653.
 The Cadmus class was a six-ship class of 10-gun screw steel sloops built for the Royal Navy between 1900 and 1903. This was the very last class of the Victorian Navy's multitude of sloops gunvessels and gunboats to be constructed and they followed the traditional pattern for 'colonial' small warships with a full rig of sails. After them the Fisher Reforms of the Navy ended the construction and deployment of this type of vessel.
 The Carrie Ladd was an important early steamboat on the lower Columbia and lower Willamette rivers. The vessel established the basic design of the Columbia River steamboat which was later used throughout the Pacific Northwest British Columbia Alaska and the Yukon.
 The Schleicher ASW 17 is a single-seat Open Class sailplane that was built by the German manufacturer Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co. It was also known as the Super Orchidee.
 The Great Lakes Aircraft Company XTBG-1 also known as Avenger (a name coincidentally used for the successful Grumman TBF) was a prototype torpedo bomber intended for service in the US Navy as part of that service's plan to modernise its aerial striking force in the mid-1930s.
 USS Agawam (SP-570) — later renamed as the USS Natick (SP-570) — was a yacht acquired during World War I by the United States Navy. She was employed by the Navy as a patrol boat in the Great Lakes and was returned to her owner when the war was over.
 USS Fresno was the 4th ship in the Newport class tank landing ships. Fresno was named for a city and county in California. She was laid down on 16 December 1967 at San Diego California by the National Steel & Shipbuilding Company; launched on 28 September 1968; sponsored by Mrs. Marilyn Hyde; and commissioned on 22 November 1969 with Commander Stanislaus J. Sowinski in command.
 USNS Mohawk (T-ATF-170) is a Powhatan-class fleet ocean tug owned by the United States Navy and was in service from 1980 to 2005 with the Military Sealift Command before being placed in reserve during 2005.Mohawk was laid down on 23 March 1979 by the Marinette Marine Corporation at Marinette Wisconsin. Launched on 5 April 1980 and delivered to the U.S.
 HMS Fama was the Danish brig Fama of fourteen guns built in 1802 which the British captured in 1808. She was wrecked at the end of the year.
 Southern Pacific 4294 was the last steam locomotive ordered new by Southern Pacific Railroad (SP). It was built by Baldwin Locomotive Works in March 1944 and was used hauling SP's trains over the Sierra Nevada often working on Donner Pass in California.
 The Virginie class was a class of ten 44-gun frigates of the French Navy designed in 1793 by Jacques-Noël Sané. An eleventh vessel (Zephyr) begun in 1794 was never completed. VirginieBuilder: BrestBegun: November 1793Launched: 26 July 1794Completed: December 1794Fate: Captured by the British Navy on 22 April 1796 becoming HMS Virginie. CourageuseBuilder: BrestBegun: December 1793Launched: early August 1794Completed: December 1794Fate: Renamed Justice April 1795.
 MS Berlioz is a Ro-Ro Passenger Ferry owned by Euro-Transmanche 3 BE and operated by MyFerryLink between Dover and Calais the ship was the second to be built for SeaFrance in 2005 she entered service with SeaFrance in March 2005 and finished with SeaFrance in January 2012 when the company was liquidated.She was sold to Euro-Transmanche 3 BE (Eurotunnel) in July 2012 and was renamed Berlioz and entered service in August 2012 between Dover and Calais the ship is currently undertaking a refit in Dunkerque.
 USS Orange County (LST–1068) was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named for counties in the states of California Florida Indiana New York North Carolina Texas Vermont and Virginia she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.Laid down as USS LST-1068 on 31 January 1945 by the Bethlehem Steel Company of Hingham Massachusetts; the ship was launched on 3 March 1945 sponsored by Mrs. Alice R.
 USS Heroic (AMc-84) was an Accentor-class coastal minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.Heroic a wooden-hull coastal minesweeper was launched 5 May 1941 by Warren Boat Yard Inc. Warren Rhode Island; sponsored by Miss Sybil E. Alder; and commissioned 25 March 1942 Lt. (j.g.) A. M. White in command.
 USS Gillespie (DD-609) was a Benson-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was named for Major Archibald H. Gillespie.Gillespie was launched 1 November 1942 by the Bethlehem Steel Corporation San Francisco California; sponsored by Mrs. Hugo W. Osterhaus wife of Rear Admiral Hugo W. Osterhaus; and commissioned 18 September 1942 Lieutenant Commander C. L. Clement in command.
 Russian submarine K-550 Alexander Nevsky is a Russian nuclear ballistic missile submarine of the fourth generation Borei class (Project 955A). Named after the Russian saint Alexander Nevsky the submarine was laid down in March 2004 and was first planned to be launched in 2009. However budgetary problems and repeated failures of the submarines main weapon the Bulava SLBM missile pushed the launch date forward.
 HMS Britannia was a 100-gun first-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy. She was ordered on 25 April 1751 from Portsmouth Dockyard to the draught specified in the 1745 Establishment. Her keel was laid down on 1 July 1751 and she was launched on 19 October 1762. The cost of building and fitting totalled £45844/2s/8d. Her main gundeck armament of twenty-eight 42-pounder guns was later replaced by 32-pounders.
 The Bernard H 110 was a single engine single seat monoplane floatplane fighter designed for a French Navy competition. It flew in 1935 but had only made four test flights when the Bernard company was declared bankrupt preventing further development.
 The Wild Beast (Greek: Θηρία) class or Aetos class of destroyers were bought by the Royal Hellenic Navy before World War I when the Greek government expanded its navy after losing the Greco-Turkish War of 1897 and in anticipation of the Balkan Wars. These four ships had originally been ordered by Argentina from the English shipyards Cammell Laird in Liverpool.
 INS Shalki (S46) is a Shishumar-class diesel-electric submarine of the Indian Navy. The submarine was the first ever submarine to be built in India. It was launched in 1987 by the late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi.
 The Bouvines class was a pair of coastal defense ships built for the French Navy. The class comprised two ships: Bouvines named after the Battle of Bouvines and Amiral-Tréhouart named after the prominent Admiral. The ships were very similar to the preceding Jemmapes-class coast defense ships and differed mainly by the addition of a forecastle deck and a smaller main armament of 305 mm (12.0 in) guns. They were sold for scrap after World War I.
 HMCS Hepatica was a Flower-class corvette that served primarily with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. She saw service in the Battle of the Atlantic as an ocean escort. Originally commissioned into the Royal Navy she was loaned to Canada in 1941.
 The DTA Voyageur is a French ultralight trike designed by Jean-Michel Dizier and produced by DTA sarl of Montélimar. The aircraft is supplied complete and ready-to-fly.
 The Conroy Virtus was a proposed American large transport aircraft designed by John M. Conroy of the Turbo-Three Corporation for use by NASA to transport the Space Shuttle. While the project was seriously considered it proved impractically large and the Shuttle Carrier Aircraft was developed instead.
 The sixth USS Eagle (SP-145) later renamed USS SP-145 was an armed motorboat that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1919.Eagle was built as a civilian motorboat in 1909 by J. M. Bayles and Son at Port Jefferson New York. The U.S. Navy acquired her from her owner Colonel William Hester of Brooklyn New York on 2 May 1917 for use as a patrol vessel during World War I.
 The second HMS Louis (K515) was a British Captain-class frigate of the Royal Navy in commission during World War II. Originally constructed as the United States Navy Evarts-class destroyer escort DE-517 she served in the Royal Navy from 1943 to 1946.
 The first USS Nereus a screw steamer built at New York in 1863 was purchased by the Union Navy from William P. Williams on 5 October 1863; and commissioned at New York Navy Yard 19 April 1864 Commander John C. Howell in command.
 Long March 2C (LM-2C) or Chang Zheng 2C (CZ-2C) as in Chinese pinyin is a member of the Long March 2 rocket family an expendable launch system operated by the People's Republic of China. This vehicle was developed by the China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology and the first launch occurred on November 26 1975. It is a two-stage launch vehicle with storable propellants consisting of Nitrogen Tetroxide and Unsymmetrical Dimethyl Hydrazine.
 HMS Porpoise was a 12-gun sloop originally built in Bilbao Spain as the packet ship Infanta Amelia. On 6 August 1799 HMS Argo captured her off the coast of Portugal. Porpoise wrecked in 1803 on the North coast of what was then part of the Colony of New South Wales now called Wreck Reefs off the coast of Queensland Australia.
 MS Bluefort is a car/passenger ferry owned by the Cayman Islands-based company Highclere under conversion into an Accommodation and Repair Vessel thus also known as (ARV). She was built in 1979 by Meyer Werft Papenburg Germany as Diana II av Slite for Rederi AB Slite for use in Viking Line's traffic. She has also sailed under the names Diana II Vironia Mare Balticum Meloodia and ARV 1.
 The PZL 130 Orlik (English: Eaglet) is a Polish turboprop single engine two seat trainer.
 HMC Valiant is a Border Agency (customs) cutter of the United Kingdom. She was launched by Damen Shipyards in the Netherlands in 2003 and is one of four 42-metre (138 ft) cutters formerly operated by Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs and since 2008 operated by the UK Border Agency.
 The HBR 5 model (1954–1959) was Deutsch and Bonnet's (DB) most successful project to date with several hundred of the cars produced between 1954 and 1959. Another small series of lowered and lightened cars called Super Rallye occurred in 1960 and 1961. Around 660 of the Mille Miles Coach and HBR 4/5s were built in total.
 USS Pinnebog (AOG–58) was a Patapsco-class gasoline tanker acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of transporting gasoline to warships in the fleet and to remote Navy stations.Pinnebog was laid down 29 December 1944 as a Maritime Commission type (T1-MT-M1) tanker hull under a Maritime Commission contract at Cargill Inc. Savage Minnesota. She was launched on 12 May 1945 and commissioned Pinnebog (AOG-58) 20 October 1945.
 HMS E41 was a British E class submarine built by Cammell Laird Birkenhead. She was laid down on 26 July 1915 and was commissioned in February 1916.
 The Maritime Monitoring and Messaging Micro-Satellite (M3MSat) is a tele-detection satellite being developed by the Canadian Space Agency. Its mission is to demonstrate and test the technology to assess the utility of having in space an Automatic Identification System (AIS) for reading signals from vessels to better manage marine transport in Canadian waters. The system will be supported by an instrument called a Low Data Rate Service (LDRS) which transmits AIS messages to ground sensors.
 The Westfield XI (or Westfield Eleven) is a British sports car and kit car based on the Lotus Eleven.In 1982 Westfield Sportscars responding to the popularity of the original Lotus XI started production of a replica with a fiberglass body available as either a finished car or kit car.
 The North British Railway (NBR) G Class (LNER Class Y9) is a class of 0-4-0ST steam locomotive designed for shunting. Some locomotives were equipped with small wooden tenders to carry extra coal. They were introduced in 1882 and thirty-eight entered service on the NBR between 1882 and 1899. Like most 0-4-0 tanks of the period it has outside cylinders and inside slide valves driven by Stephenson valve gear.
 Bluebird Mach 1.1 (CMN-8) was a design for a rocket-powered supersonic land speed record car planned by Donald Campbell but thwarted by his subsequent death during a water speed record attempt in Bluebird K7 in early 1967.Donald Campbell decided a massive jump in speed was called for following his successful 1964 LSR attempt in Bluebird CN7. His vision was of a supersonic rocket car with a potential maximum speed of 840 mph referred to as Bluebird Mach 1.1.
 USS Courser (AMc-32) was a coastal minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing. The first ship to be named Courser by the Navy AMc-32 served in an in service status from 1941 to 1947.
 The Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.12 (sometimes known as the Høver M.F.12 after its designer) was a seaplane built in Norway in 1939 as a military trainer aircraft to replace the Norwegian Navy's aging fleet of M.F.8 trainers. Only a single prototype was constructed before Germany's invasion of Norway in 1940.The prototype M.F.12 F.14 (V) was the last trainer built for the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service (RNNAS).
 The Bonsall DB-1 Mustang is a single place scale P-51 Mustang replica homebuilt aircraft.
 The Hansa-Brandenburg W.20 was a German submarine-launched reconnaissance flying boat of the World War I era designed and built by Hansa-Brandenburg.
 HMS Minerva was a 38-gun fifth-rate Royal Navy frigate. The first of four Minerva-class frigates she was launched on 3 June 1780 and commissioned soon thereafter. In 1798 she was renamed Pallas and employed as a troopship. She was broken up in 1803.
 The Brantly 305 is an American five-seat light helicopter of the 1960s. It is an enlarged version of the Brantly B-2 which was produced by the Brantly Helicopter Corporation.
 The 1st class of Wide Gauge(W) Diesel powered(D) Mixed load(M)i.e. meant for hauling both freight and passenger trains. These are the first mainline diesel engines imported after Independence. They were even the fastest diesel locomotives till the advent of WDM2 and WDM4. They used to haul ore/freight trains on SER. In the end they were relegated to shunting/piloting duties or hauling sugarcane freight trains. One unit is preserved at National Rail Museum Delhi.
 The Type 205 was a class of diesel-electric German hunter-killer U-boat submarines. They were single-hull vessels optimized for the use in the shallow Baltic Sea. The Type 205 is a direct evolution of the Type 201 class with lengthened hull new machinery and sensors. The biggest difference though is that ST-52 steel is used for the pressure hull since the Type 201's non-magnetic steel proved to be problematic.
 The first USS Rush (SP-712) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission during 1917.Rush was built as a private motorboat of the same name by Baker's Yacht Basin at Quincy Massachusetts. On 1 May 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired her from her owner N. H. White of Brookline Massachusetts for use as a section patrol boat during World War I. She was commissioned as USS Rush (SP-712) in 1917. Rush was assigned to patrol duty in the 4th Naval District.
 USS Kite (AM-75) was the lead ship of her class of minesweepers of the United States Navy during World War II.The ship was laid down on 18 June 1928 as the fishing trawler M/V Holy Cross by the Bath Iron Works Bath Maine for F. J. O'Hara and Sons Inc. Boston Massachusetts. Launched on 24 November 1928 and delivered on 27 November 1928. Renamed Kite on 14 August 1940 and acquired by the U.S. Navy on 11 September 1940.
 The Bora-class hoverborne guided missile corvette of the Russian Navy also bears the NATO class name Dergach is one of the few types of military surface effect ship built solely for marine combat purposes rather than troop landing or transport. Its designation in the Soviet and Russian navies is Project 1239; the first vessel produced under this designation was Sivuch which was later renamed Bora.
 The Wolseley Wasp was a light saloon car produced by Wolseley Motors Limited in 1935 and 1936. It was an updated version of the Wolseley Nine model with a larger engine and steel disc wheels.The overhead cam shaft engine had 12 volt electrics and drove the rear wheels via a four speed gearbox. Hydraulic brakes were fitted.In all 5815 cars were made.
 Wanderlodge is a high end brand of Class A motorhome recreational vehicle that was built by Blue Bird Body Company (now Blue Bird Corporation) in Fort Valley Georgia from about 1963 until 2009. Production started with a 31-foot (9.4 m) gas powered forward control (front engine) model and expanded to include larger diesel engine powered pusher (rear engine) models up to 43 feet (13 m) in length. They remain highly prized by their owners and have an extensive service network.
 The Valiant class is a class of US Navy yard tugboats that entered service in 2009. These tugs are designed to provide ship assist barge and general towing and escort services.
 The Eye of the Wind is a ship built in 1911 by C Lühring of Brake Germany originally as a topsail schooner named 'Friedrich'.
 USS Tarawa (CV/CVA/CVS-40 AVT-12) was one of 24 Essex-class aircraft carriers built during and shortly after World War II for the United States Navy. The ship was the first US Navy ship to bear the name and was named for the bloody 1943 Battle of Tarawa. Tarawa was commissioned in December 1945 too late to serve in World War II. After serving a short time in the Far East she was decommissioned in 1949.
 The North Eastern Railway (NER) Class K classified as Class Y8 by the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) is a class of 0-4-0T steam locomotives designed for shunting. It was designed by Thomas W. Worsdell and five of these tiny engines were built in 1890. These were numbered 559-63.
 HMS Charity was a C-class destroyer of the Royal Navy laid down by John I. Thornycroft and Company of Woolston Southampton on 9 July 1943. She was launched on 30 November 1944 and commissioned on 19 November 1945. She was sold to the US Navy in 1958 for transfer to the Pakistan Navy as a part of the Military Aid Program.She was badly damaged in a strike by Indian Navy missile boats during the Indo-Pakistan War of 1971 and scrapped as a result.
 USS Sitkoh Bay (CVE-86) an escort aircraft carrier was converted from a Maritime Commission hull (MC hull 1123) by the Kaiser Shipbuilding Company of Vancouver Washington. Her keel was laid down on 23 November 1943 and she was launched on 19 February 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Kathryn Mullinnix; and commissioned at Astoria Oregon on 28 March 1944 Captain Robert G. Lockhart in command.
 Stjernen (The Star) is the present boat used by the King of Norway for short sea transport on official occasions. The 55-foot (17 m) pine boat was designed by Richard Gustav Furuholmen and built in 1935 by Anker og Jensen in Asker for merchant Nicolay Eger who named her Estrella.
 The Volmer VJ-24W SunFun is an American high-wing strut-braced single-seat pod-and-boom motor glider and ultralight aircraft that was designed by Volmer Jensen and provided as plans for amateur construction by his company Volmer Aircraft of Glendale California.
 The USRC Snohomish was a 152 ft (46 m) seagoing tug built at the specific direction of Congress by Pusey & Jones Wilmington Delaware for service on the Pacific Northwest coast. She was fitted with latest lifesaving and property saving equipment available at the time of her construction and originally cost $189000. She was commissioned by the United States Revenue Cutter Service on 15 November 1908 and arrived at her homeport of Neah Bay Washington by way of passage around Cape Horn in 1909.
 The Vol Xerpa ULM Pulsar is a Spanish ultralight aircraft produced by Vol Xerpa of Barcelona. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 USS S-35 (SS-140) was an S-class submarine of the United States Navy. Her keel was laid down on 14 June 1918 by the Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation in San Francisco California. She was launched on 27 February 1919 sponsored by Miss Louise C. Bailey and commissioned on 17 August 1922 with Lieutenant T. E. Short in command.
 USS Chew (DD-106) was a Wickes-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War I and World War II. She was named in honor of Samuel Chew.From 1918 to 1922 Chew operated along the East Coast of the United States on patrol and training duties including escorting a transatlantic voyage of Curtiss NC seaplanes. In 1940 she was recommissioned and operated out of Pearl Harbor.
 An EMD GP39DC is a 4-axle diesel-electric locomotive built by General Motors Electro-Motive Division in June 1970. Power was provided by a turbocharged 12-cylinder EMD engine that generated  poweroutput=2300 hp (1720 kW). This locomotive model was basically a GP39 with DC main generator instead of an alternator.2 examples of this locomotive model were built for Kennecott Copper Company as 1 and 2 later sold to Copper Basin Railway as 401 and 402.
 HMS Bramble was a 161-ton 10-gun cutter launched on 8 April 1822 from Plymouth Dockyard.
 Cambridge Ferry was a 3294 GRT train ferry that was built in 1963 for the British Railways Board. She was sold to Malta in 1992 and renamed Ita Uno. She was renamed Sirio in 1993 and reflagged to Panama in 1998. The ship was scrapped in Turkey in 2003.
 PAL-V (Personal Air and Land Vehicle) is a Dutch company who are developing a roadable aircraft the PAL-V One.The PAL-V in flight is an autogyro or gyrocopter with a foldable pusher propeller providing forward thrust and a free-spinning rotor providing lift.
 The Fauvel AV.22 was an unorthodox glider produced in France in the 1950s 60s and 70s. Originally intended to be produced in series it was later marketed to homebuilders. Like other Charles Fauvel designs it was a tailless aircraft and this particular design featured wings with a slight forward sweep.
 HMS Opal was an Emerald-class corvette of the Royal Navy laid down as Magicienne and built by William Doxford & Sons Ltd Sunderland and launched on 9 March 1875.She was completed with an armament of 14 64-pounder muzzle-loading rifled guns (2 on bow and stern chasers mounted on centre-line swivelling slides and 12 on broadside slide mountings) and initially commenced service on the Pacific Station and while on passage in 1876 hit a rock in the Strait of Magellan.
 The Volvo V40 is a small family car available in five-door hatchback form that was unveiled at the 2012 Geneva Motor Show. It has been on sale in Europe since May 2012 and the UK since August.
 Vltava has been in operation since 1940 when the Prague Steamboat Company decided to renovate its fleet. After World War II there were 17 steamboats altogether but as time went by they decayed and most of them were set aside. Only two of them are still in use – Vltava and Vyšehrad.Vltava belongs to a group of rather small steamboats.
 SMS Bismarck was a Bismarck-class corvette built for the German Imperial Navy (Kaiserliche Marine) in the late 1870s.
 Mameluck was a Spahi-class destroyer of the French Navy.
 HMS Franklin (J84) was a Halcyon-class minesweeper (officially fleet minesweeping sloop) of the British Royal Navy which was commissioned in 1938 as a survey ship. She served as such throughout World War II continuing in that role until decommissioned in 1953.
 CCGS Labrador was a Wind-class icebreaker. First commissioned on 8 July 1954 as Her Majesty's Canadian Ship (HMCS) Labrador (pennant number AW 50) in the Royal Canadian Navy (RCN) Captain (CAPT) O.C.S. Long Robbie Robertson RCN In Command. She was transferred to the Department of Transport (DOT) on 22 November 1957 and redesignated the Canadian Government Ship (CGS) Labrador.
 HMS Lancaster was a 64-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 29 January 1797 at Rotherhithe. She was designed and built for the Honourable East India Company but was purchased by the Navy after the start of the French Revolutionary War.In July 1800 Vice-Admiral Roger Curtis sent Lancaster Adamant Rattlesnake and Euphrosyne to blockade Isle de France and Bourbon.
 The Bensen B-5 was a small rotor kite developed by Igor Bensen in the United States and offered and marketed for home building in 1954. Dubbed the Gyro-Glider it was the first of several such designs that would be sold by Bensen Aircraft Corporation over the following decades.The B-5 was built around a cruciform frame of aluminum tube. A landing wheel was fitted to three points of this cross and a mast was fitted above its centre to support the rotor hub.
 USCGC Point Partridge (WPB-82305) was an 82-foot (25 m) Point class cutter constructed at the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay Maryland in 1960 for use as a law enforcement and search and rescue patrol boat. Since the Coast Guard policy in 1960 was not to name cutters under 100-foot (30 m) in length it was designated as WPB-82305 when commissioned and acquired the name Point Partridge in January 1964 when the Coast Guard started naming all cutters longer than 65-foot (20 m) .
 The AVE Class 102 or S-102 (nicknamed Pato in Spanish because of its nose that looks like the beak of a duck pato in Spanish) is a high-speed train used for the AVE service and operated in Spain by the state-run railway company RENFE. Outside of AVE service Talgo markets this train as Talgo 350.Further production of closely related trains differing in seating arrangement resulted in the S-112.
 Malmö was a 981 GRT coaster that was built in 1918 by H C Stülcken Sohn Hamburg Germany for German owners. Although she sank after hitting a mine in 1942 she was salvaged and repaired and then returned to service. She was seized by the Allies in May 1945 passed to the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) and was renamed Empire Contay. In 1947 she was sold into merchant service and renamed Reykjanes. She served until 1953 when she was scrapped.
 USS Pennsylvania R. R. No. 9 (SP-679) also known as USS Penn R. R. No. 9 (SP-679) and USS P.R.R. No. 9 (SP-679) was a United States Navy armed tug and minesweeper in commission from 1917 to 1919.Pennsylvania R. R. No. 9 was built as a commercial tug of the same name by William R. Trigg at Richmond Virginia in 1904. She also was listed as Penn R. R. No. 9 and P.R.R. No. 9. In September 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired her from her owner the Pennsylvania Railroad for use during World War I.
 The GS-1 was a 4-8-4 Northern type steam locomotive that served the Southern Pacific Railroad and its Texas subsidiary the Texas and New Orleans Railroad from 1930 to 1956. They were built by Baldwin Locomotive Works and were numbered 4400 through 4409.
 The 225 series (225系) is a DC electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West) on suburban services in the Kyoto-Osaka-Kobe Keihanshin area since December 2010.
 The Potez 60 sometimes named the Sauterelle (Grasshopper) is a French 1930s parasol-wing open-cockpit trainer. It had a wide-track tailwheel landing gear and is powered by a 45 kW (60 hp) Potez 3B uncowled radial engine. An order for 250 was placed by the French government but deliveries stopped after 155 aircraft were produced.
 HMS Widgeon was a Royal Navy Cuckoo-class schooner of four 12-pounder carronades and a crew of 20. She was built by William Wheaton at Brixham and launched in 1806. Like many of her class and the related Ballahoo-class schooners she succumbed to the perils of the sea relatively early in her career.She was commissioned in 1807 under Lieutenant William Morgan for the North Sea.
 The Sassafras is a C-Class 180 ft seagoing buoy tender constructed for the USCG by Marine Iron & Shipbuilding Corp. of Duluth Minnesota. The Sass was one of 39 tenders commissioned for duties that would include aids-to-navigation ice breaking search-and-rescue fire fighting law enforcement providing fuel and potable water and assistance to the National Oceanographic and Seismographic Survey.
 The Glasgow and South Western Railway (GSWR) 23 class is a class of twenty 0-4-2 steam locomotives designed in 1860. They were by Patrick Stirling’s fourth 0-4-2 design for the railway.
 The Force Gurkha is a SUV manufactured by Force Motors the manufacturer of Traveller minibuses and the Trax utility vehicle in India. The company is inflowing to the SUV section for the second time with its Force Gurkha. The company expects that it will offer tough competition to Mahindra Thar and further tough brands in its series.
 The Flight Design Exxtacy is a German high-wing single or two-place rigid-wing hang glider that was designed and produced by Flight Design.Production is complete and the aircraft is no longer available.
 The class WDM-2 is Indian Railways' workhorse diesel locomotive. The first units were imported fully built from the American Locomotive Company (Alco) in 1962. Since 1964 it has been manufactured in India by the Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW) Varanasi. The model name stands for broad gauge (W) diesel (D) mixed traffic (M) engine. The WDM-2 is the most common diesel locomotive of Indian Railways.The WDM-2A is a variant of the original WDM-2.
 Vittorio Emanuele was an Italian pre-dreadnought battleship laid down in 1901 launched in 1904 and completed in 1908. She was the second member of the Regina Elena class which included three other vessels: Regina Elena Napoli and Roma. Vittorio Emmanuele was armed with a main battery of two 12 in (300 mm) guns and twelve 8 in (200 mm) guns.
 The Dmitriy Furmanov (Russian: Дмитрий Фурманов) is a Dmitriy Furmanov-class (project 302 BiFa129M) Soviet/Russian river cruise ship cruising in the Volga – Neva basin. The ship was built by VEB Elbewerften Boizenburg/Roßlau at their shipyard in Boizenburg East Germany and entered service in 1983. The ship is named after the famous Bolshevik commissar and writer of the book Chapayev about Vasily Chapayev a Red Army officer and a hero of the Civil War.Her home port is currently Perm.
 Akigumo (秋雲 Autumn Clouds) was an Imperial Japanese Navy destroyer of the Kagerō-class.Shortly after the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands during the early hours of 27 October 1942 Akigumo along with the destroyer Makigumo sunk the heavily damaged and abandoned USS Hornet.
 HMS E40 was a British E class submarine launched by Palmer Jarrow in 1916 and was completed by Armstrong Whitworth Newcastle upon Tyne. She was laid down on 9 November 1916 and was commissioned in May 1917.HMS E40 was sold on 14 December 1921.
 MV Loch Seaforth was the Stornoway mailboat operated by David MacBrayne Ltd from 1947 until 1972. Running aground and sinking in 1973 she blocked the Tiree pier until removed for scrapping.
 USS Corwin (1849) was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Union Navy to patrol navigable waterways of the Confederacy to prevent the South from trading with other countries.
 USS Duluth (CL-87) was a United States Navy Cleveland-class light cruiser.She was launched 13 January 1944 by Newport News Shipbuilding Portsmouth Virginia; sponsored by Mrs. E. H. Hatch wife of the Mayor of Duluth Minnesota; and commissioned 18 September 1944 Captain Donald Roderick Osborn Jr. US Naval Academy class of 1920 in command.
 HMS Tulip was a Flower-class corvette that served in the Royal Navy.She launched at Smiths Dock Company on 4 September 1940 and was commissioned into the Royal Navy on 18 November 1940.
 USS Guardfish (SSN-612) a Thresher-class submarine was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the guardfish a voracious green and silvery fish with elongated pike-like body and long narrow jaws. The contract to build her was awarded to New York Shipbuilding Corporation in Camden New Jersey on 9 June 1960 and her keel was laid down on 28 February 1961. She was launched on 15 May 1965 sponsored by Mrs. Kenneth E.
 The San Marco was an armoured cruiser of the Royal Italian Navy (Italian: Regia Marina) that saw action in the Italo-Turkish War and World War I.
 USS Stoddard (DD-566) was a Fletcher-class destroyer of the United States Navy named for Master's Mate James Stoddard who was decorated for heroism during the Civil War. She was the last Fletcher to be stricken from the U.S. Navy in 1975.Stoddard was laid down at Seattle Wash. by the Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Corp. on 10 March 1943; launched on 19 November 1943 sponsored by Mrs. Mildred Gould Holcomb; and commissioned on 15 April 1944 Commander Horace Meyers in command.
 HMIS Bengal (J243) was a Bathurst class corvette of the Royal Indian Navy (RIN) where she served during World War II.
 The Platt-LePage XR-1 also known by the company designation PL-3 was an early American twin-rotor helicopter built by the Platt-LePage Aircraft Company of Eddystone Pennsylvania. The winner of a United States Army Air Corps design competition held in early 1940 the XR-1 was the first helicopter tested by the USAAF flying in 1941.
 USS Hydra (AK-82) ex MV Eben H. Linnell was an Enceladus-class cargo ship commissioned by the U.S. Navy for cargo service in World War II. Hydra was in naval service from 1 January through 19 November 1943 before she was transferred to the U.S. Army for conversion to the Engineer Port Repair ship Madison Jordan Manchester.
 The Historical P-40C Tomahawk is an American homebuilt aircraft that was designed and produced by the Historical Aircraft Corporation of Nucla Colorado. The aircraft is a 62.5% scale replica of the original Curtiss P-40C Tomahawk and when it was available was supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 The International Harvester S-Series was a medium and heavy-duty truck line manufactured by International Harvester. S-Series was first used as a label for the 1956 and 1957 Light Line trucks until replaced by the A-series for 1958. The S-series label was reintroduced in mid-1977 as a replacement for the International Harvester Fleetstar. In 1979 other versions of the S-Series were introduced to succeed the Loadstar-series.
 HMS Thunderer was a 74-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 19 March 1760 at Woolwich. She earned a battle honour in a single-ship action off Cadiz with the French ship Achille (64 guns) in 1761 during the Seven Years War.She foundered in the great hurricane in the West Indies in 1780.Among the lost sailors were Midshipman Nathaniel Cook (1764-1780) the second child of Captain James Cook
 The Arsenal VG 90 was a carrier-based fighter aircraft built in France in 1949 but which was not developed past the prototype stage. It was to compete against the SNCAC NC 1080 and Nord N.2200 for an Aéronavale contract but both VG 90 prototypes were destroyed in fatal crashes early in the development programme. The first crash occurred on 25 May 1950 when an undercarriage door tore off in flight and struck the aircraft's tail. Pilot Pierre Decroo was killed in the crash.
 The Lockheed CL-1200 Lancer was a late 1960s company-funded proposal for a new and improved F-104 Starfighter. It was intended for the export market and was in direct competition with the Northrop F-5E Tiger II Dassault Mirage F1 Northrop YF-17 and the McDonnell Douglas F-4F Phantom. Lockheed hoped to capitalize on its F-104 production experience through commonality of parts and systems and minimize expenses by reusing tooling jigs and existing factory facilities.
 The Aigle class destroyers (contre-torpilleurs) of the French navy were laid down between 1928 and 1929 and commissioned in 1931 and 1932. They were very similar to the previous Guepard class the only difference being improved machinery with higher pressure boilers offering an additional 0.5 kn (0.93 km/h) of speed and a new model 138 mm gun with a sliding breech block giving a higher rate of fire. The ships were named after birds.
 The Italian submarine Lafolè was an Adua-class submarine built before World War II. She was sunk by British destroyers HMS Gallant Hotspur and Griffin off Melilla on 20 October 1940.
 SS Jeremiah O'Brien is a Liberty ship built during World War II and named for American Revolutionary War ship captain Jeremiah O'Brien (1744–1818). Now based in San Francisco Jeremiah O'Brien is a rare survivor of the 6939-ship armada that stormed Normandy on D-Day 1944 and one of only two currently operational World War II Liberty ships afloat of the 2710 built during the war (the other being the SS John W. Brown based in Baltimore).
 HMS Lincoln (F99) was a Salisbury-class or Type 61 aircraft direction frigate of the Royal Navy.She was built by Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company in Govan on the River Clyde. The ship was laid down in 1955 launched 6 April 1959 and completed 7 July 1960.
 4953 Pitchford Hall is a 4-6-0 Hall class steam locomotive built by the Great Western Railway (GWR) currently preserved at the Epping Ongar Railway.
 Nez Perce Chief was a steamboat that operated on the upper Columbia specifically the stretch of the river that began above the Celilo Falls. Her engines came from the Carrie Ladd an important earlier sternwheeler. Nez Perce Chief also ran up the Snake River to Lewiston Idaho a distance of 141 miles from the mouth of the Snake River near Wallula Wash. Terr.
 HMS C8 was a British C-class submarine built by Vickers Barrow-in-Furness. She was laid down on 9 December 1905 and was commissioned on 23 May 1907.C8 was sold on 22 October 1920.
 USS Spadefish (SSN-668) a Sturgeon-class submarine was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the spadefish a spiny-finned fish found in coastal waters of the western Atlantic from Cuba to Cape Cod.
 Barry Railway Class G were 0-4-4T steam tank locomotives of the Barry Railway in South Wales. They were designed by J. F. Hosgood built by both Vulcan Foundry and Sharp Stewart and were introduced in 1892. Initially used for the Barry to Cardiff suburban service they were transferred to passenger duties on the main line between Barry and Porth as well as the service between Pontypridd Graig and Cardiff Clarence Road once the ‘J’ class had displaced them on the Barry to Cardiff run.
 The Donghae class corvette (Hangul: 동해급 초계함 Hanja: 東海級哨戒艦) is a class of four ships of the Republic of Korea Navy used for coastal patrol duties. Each corvette is armed with one Oto Melara 76 mm compact gun three AA guns six torpedoes and twelve depth charges for anti-submarine operations. The ships resemble the later Pohang class but have slightly different armament. Each ship was built by a different shipbuilder.
 The MV Samish is the second vessel of the Olympic Class auto ferries for the Washington State Ferries system.
 The Solway Harvester is a scallop dredger from Kirkcudbright Scotland which sank off the coast of Ramsey Isle of Man in heavy storms on 11 January 2000. Following salvage the damaged ship was taken to Douglas Isle of Man where she remained until cut up for scrapping in January 2014.
 The Clio Renault Sport (or Clio RS for short) is a hot hatch produced since 1998 by Renault Sport the high-performance division of French automaker Renault. It is based on the Clio supermini.The engine remained the same since the first Clio RS a 2.0-litre straight-4 petrol engine with an FF layout and a three-door hatchback body style. The latest version changed to a 1.6-litre engine with a five-door hatchback body style.
 The Titan IIID or Titan 3D was an American expendable launch system launched twenty two times with KH-9 and KH-11 satellites between 1971 and 1982. It was a two-stage derivative of the three stage Titan IIIC optimised for low Earth orbit launches through the removal of the Transtage upper stage of the IIIC.The Titan IIID made its maiden flight on 15 June 1971 launching the first KH-9 satellite. It was retired from service in 1982 and replaced by the Titan 34D.
 The Wagram was a first-rate 118-gun ship of the line of the French Navy of the Océan type designed by Jacques-Noël Sané.Begun as Monarque she was commissioned as Wagram in Toulon on 15 June 1810 under Captain Baudin. She took part in the Action of 5 November 1813.29 August 1814 after the Hundred Days she was transferred from Toulon to Brest along with Austerlitz and Commerce de Paris.She was eventually struck and broken up on 1836.
 ORP Piorun was an N-class destroyer used by the Polish Navy during the Second World War. The name is Polish for Lightning.
 The GE C44-8W is a 4400 hp (3280 kW) diesel-electric locomotive built by GE Transportation Systems of Erie Pennsylvania. It is part of the GE Dash 8 Series of freight locomotives.In keeping in GE tradition of giving nicknames to its locomotive series beginning with the Dash 7 of the 1970s the C44-8W was dubbed the Dash 8 upon its debut. The design has since proven popular with North America railroads.
 HMS Active was a Volage-class corvette built for the Royal Navy in the late 1860s. Launched in 1869 she entered service in 1873 and was the Commodore's ship on the Cape of Good Hope and West Africa Station. Her crew served ashore in both the Third Anglo-Ashanti and Zulu Wars. From 1885 to 1898 the ship was the flagship of the Training Squadron. Active was sold for scrap in 1906.
 The Hawker Hawfinch was a British single-engined biplane fighter of the 1920s. It was unsuccessful with the Bristol Bulldog being selected instead.
 The North Eastern Railway Class D (later London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) Class H1) was a class of 4-4-4T three-cylinder side tank steam locomotive designed by Vincent Raven in 1913. They were used for rural passenger services. Forty five were built in total; a first batch of twenty then a further twenty five after the War.Between 1931 and 1936 all of the LNER H1 class were rebuilt with a 4-6-2T wheel layout and re-classified as A8. They were scrapped between 1957 and 1960.
 USS Woodrow Wilson (SSBN-624) a Lafayette class ballistic missile submarine was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Woodrow Wilson (1856–1924) the 28th President of the United States (1913–1921). She later was converted into an attack submarine and redesignated SSN-624.
 The first USS Zaca (ID-3792) was a steel-hulled single-screw freighter that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919. Zaca was built under a United States Shipping Board contract and completed as SS Zaca in 1918 at Oakland California by the Moore Shipbuilding Company. She was acquired by the U.S. Navy for duty with the Naval Overseas Transportation Service (NOTS). Designated Id. No.
 The Assad class corvette were originally built for Iraq during the Iran–Iraq War by Fincantieri in Italy. Six ships were ordered in 1981. They were completed just before Operation Desert Storm and were never delivered because of the UN arms embargo. Four of the six ships were sold to the Malaysian Navy as Laksamana Class Corvettes in 1995. The two remaining ships were laid up in La Spezia from 1990 but in 2005 it was announced they would be delivered to the New Iraqi Navy.
 The Fleet class USV is an Unmanned Surface Vessel designed for the United States Navy to be deployed from Freedom and Independence-class littoral combat ships and intended to conduct mine and anti-submarine warfare missions. As of 2012 four ships of the class have been built; the first was delivered to the U.S. Navy in 2008.
 USS Mattole (AO‑17) was a Kaweah-class fleet replenishment oiler in the United States Navy.Mattole was built by William Cramp & Sons Philadelphia Pennsylvania under USSB contract was laid down 2 June 1919; launched 16 March 1920; acquired by the Navy 6 March 1922 and laid up at Philadelphia; commissioned 16 June 1940 Comdr. J. D.
 SS Italia was an ocean liner launched in 1904; built by the Cie. Française de Navigation et de Construction Naval in Nantes.During World War I it was operated by the French Navy as an armed boarding steamer of 1305 tons. On May 30 1917 the SS Italia was torpedoed by the Austrian submarine U-4 (Captain Rudolf Singule) and sunk at 46 miles southeast from Santa Maria di Leuca.
 The Australian Aircraft Kits Bushman is an Australian ultralight aircraft designed and produced by Australian Aircraft Kits. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 USS Kane (DD-235/APD-18) was a Clemson-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was the first ship named for Elisha Kent Kane.Kane was laid down 3 July 1918 and launched 12 August 1919 by the New York Shipbuilding Corporation; sponsored by Miss Florence Kane cousin of Elisha Kent Kane; and commissioned 11 June 1920 with Commander William Hall in command.
 USS Alvarado (1895) was a gunboat captured from the Spanish Navy during the Spanish-American War and then commissioned for use as a United States Navy gunboat. After the war was over she was again commissioned for use as a training ship for the United States Naval Academy and the Louisiana Naval Militia.
 The Series 60 is an automobile model made by General Motors' Oldsmobile division from the 1939 through the 1948 model years.
 The Dornier Do 26 was an all-metal gull winged flying boat produced before and during World War II by Dornier Flugzeugwerke of Germany. It was operated by a crew of four and was intended to carry a payload of 500 kg (1100 lb) or four passengers on the Lisbon to New York route.
 The SS Meriwether Lewis (Hull Number 170) was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II. She was named after Meriwether Lewis an American explorer who along with William Clark led the Corps of Discovery which explored the American West.The ship was laid down on 19 May 1941 then launched on 19 October 1941.
 HMS Campbeltown was a Town-class destroyer of the Royal Navy during the Second World War. She was originally US destroyer USS Buchanan and like many other obsolescent U.S. Navy destroyers she was transferred to the Royal Navy in 1940 as part of the Destroyers for Bases Agreement. Campbeltown became one of the most famous of these ships when she was used in the St. Nazaire Raid in 1942.
 USS Wanaloset also spelled USS Wanalosett was a proposed United States Navy screw sloop-of-war or steam frigate that appears never to have been laid down.Wanaloset was a wooden-hulled bark-rigged (or ship-rigged) Contoocook-class screw sloop-of-war or steam frigate with a single funnel scheduled to be built at Baltimore Maryland by the firm of Hazelhurst and Wiegard.
 The Rolladen-Schneider LS5 was an Open Class single seat glider aircraft designed by Rolladen-Schneider of which only a single unit was built.The LS5 was announced in 1980 as Rolladen-Schneider’s entry into the exclusive Open Class. The economic viability of the design was compromised however with the arrival in 1981 of the Schempp-Hirth Nimbus-3 and the Alexander Schleicher ASW 22 both of which outclassed the predicted performance of the yet-to-fly LS5.
 Clara Clarita was a fast screw steamer originally built as a luxury steam yacht for New York financier Leonard Jerome (grandfather of British Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill). On her trial trip Clara Clarita's original engine proved so ineffective it was removed before the vessel entered service and replaced by machinery from a different supplier.
 The CANT Z.1010 was a single engine five seat Italian passenger aircraft flown in the mid-1930s. Only one was built.
 HMS Placentia was the name-ship of her two vessel class with both vessels being launched in 1789. John Henslow designed the small sloops for coastal patrol duties off Newfoundland. She was wrecked in 1794.
 Tatra 13 is a vintage truck made by Czech manufacturer Tatra. It was manufactured between 1924 and 1933.The truck was derived from model Tatra 11 with which it shared components and differed from it by strengthened rear axle. Initially the front wheels didn't have brakes. As Tatra 11 was succeeded by Tatra 12 (1926) the truck underwent modernization which among other things brought it brakes to all four wheels.
 HMS Chelmer was a Thornycroft type River Class Destroyer ordered by the Royal Navy under the 1903 – 1904 Naval Estimates. Named after the River Chelmer in eastern England north east of London she was the first ship to carry this name in the Royal Navy.
 HMS Diana was an Eclipse-class protected cruiser built for the Royal Navy in the mid-1890s.She was commissioned with the complement of 450 officers and men at Chatham 15 January 1900 to serve at the Mediterranean Station under the command of Captain A. M. Farquhar.
 The second USS Gallup (PF-47) a Tacoma-class frigate in commission from 1944 to 1945 and from 1950 to 1951 was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for Gallup New Mexico. She also served in the Soviet Navy as EK-22 and in the Royal Thai Navy as HTMS Prasae (PF 2).
 MS Birger Jarl is a cruise ship owned by Ånedin Linjen that was operated on services between Stockholm Sweden and Helsinki Turku and most recently Mariehamn on the Åland Islands (Finland). She was built in 1953 as a passenger liner at Finnboda shipyard in Nacka Sweden as SS Birger Jarl for Rederi AB Svea. In 1973 she was sold to Jakob Lines was renamed SS Bore Nord and converted into a ferry.
 Roma named after two previous ships and the city of Rome was the fourth Vittorio Veneto-class battleship of Italy's Regia Marina (Royal Navy). The construction of both Roma and her sister ship Impero was planned due to rising tensions around the world and the navy's fear that two Vittorio Venetos and the older pre-First World War battleships were not enough to counter the British and French Mediterranean Fleets.
 The Arado V I was a prototype airliner built in Germany in 1927. It was a single-engine high-wing braced monoplane with tailwheel undercarriage. It made several long-distance flights including carrying mail to South America before being exhibited in Berlin in 1929 when it was bought by Deutsche Luft Hansa. Christened Tenerife it crashed outside Berlin on 12 December killing both pilots.
 HMS King Alfred is a Royal Naval Reserve unit located on Whale Island Portsmouth within HMS Excellent in the vicinity of HMNB Portsmouth. The unit has a complement of over 200 reservists and provides training facilities to other Naval Reserve units.HMS King Alfred opened on 1 April 1994 and was commissioned on 8 June that year replacing the recently closed units at HMS Sussex and HMS Wessex.
 Poma also known as Pomagalski S.A. is a French company which manufactures cable-driven lift systems including fixed and detachable chairlifts gondola lifts funiculars aerial tramways people movers and surface lifts. Poma has installed about 7800 devices for 750 customers worldwide.Poma's only major competitor is the Doppelmayr Garaventa Group which is based in Austria and Switzerland.
 The Savoia-Marchetti S.72 was an Italian three-engine transport monoplane designed and built by Savoia-Marchetti as an enlarged and strengthened version of the earlier S.71. The S.72 was a three-engine high-wing cantilever monoplane with a fixed tailwheel landing gear. Designed as a heavy bomber the prototype was first flown in 1934 powered by three 410 kW (550 hp) Alfa Romeo licence-built Bristol Pegasus radial engines.
 The M/V Quiberon was a ferry operated by Brittany Ferries between 1982 and 2002. She then operated on the Mediterranean for Euroferrys under the name Guila D'Abundo. In 2010 she was renamed D'Abundo and sent to Alang for scrapping.
 The Farman F.1000 was a 1930s French monoplane designed by Farman to break the world altitude record.
 USS England (DE-635) a Buckley-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy was named in honor of Ensign John C. England (1920–1941) who was killed in action aboard the battleship Oklahoma during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941.
 HMAS Air View (923) was a Miami-class 63-foot Air-Sea Rescue Boat that was operated by the Royal Australian Navy during World War II and later by the Royal Australian Air Force.
 The Lyon class was a proposed type of battleship which was planned for the French Navy in 1913 with construction scheduled to begin in 1915. The class was to have comprised four ships: Lyon Lille Duquesne and Tourville. The first two were named for cities in France while the rest honored French admirals Abraham Duquesne and Anne Hilarion de Tourville.
 USS Wasp (CV-7) was a United States Navy aircraft carrier commissioned in 1940 and lost in action in 1942. She was the eighth ship named USS Wasp and the sole ship of a class built to use up the remaining tonnage allowed to the U.S. for aircraft carriers under the treaties of the time. As a reduced-size version of the Yorktown-class hull Wasp was more vulnerable than other United States aircraft carriers available at the opening of hostilities.
 The Wild DoubleEnder is an American twin engine utility aircraft designed for bush flying and also to minimize risk from engine failure and subsequent adverse yaw.
 USS Yancey (AKA-93/LKA-93) was an Andromeda-class attack cargo ship built by the Moore Dry Dock Company of Oakland California for the United States Navy during World War II. The ship was named in honor of Yancey County North Carolina.Yancey's keel was laid in May 1944 and the ship was launched in July and commissioned in October. The ship operated in the Pacific during the war and was a participant in the amphibious landings at Iwo Jima in February 1945 and Okinawa in April.
 SMS Kaiserin was the third vessel of the Kaiser class of battleships of the German Imperial Navy. Kaiserin's keel was laid in November 1910 at the Howaldtswerke dockyard in Kiel. She was launched on 11 November 1911 and was commissioned into the fleet on 14 May 1913. The ship was equipped with ten 30.5-centimeter (12.0 in) guns in five twin turrets and had a top speed of 22.1 knots (40.9 km/h; 25.4 mph).
 Sunny South an extreme clipper was the only full-sized sailing ship built by George Steers and resembled his famous sailing yacht America with long sharp entrance lines and a slightly concave bow. Initially she sailed in the California and Brazil trades. Sold in 1859 and renamed Emanuela (or Manuela) she was considered to be the fastest slaver sailing out of Havana.
 The Loving/Wayne WR-1 Love is a single seat midget racer built in the 1950s.
 The Keystone XLB-3 (originally built under the Huff-Daland name) was a prototype bomber biplane developed in the United States in the late 1920s. It was a twin-engine development of the single-engine LB-1 brought about by a change in policy by the USAAC.
 HMS Cumberland was a 74-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 29 March 1774 at Deptford Dockyard.She participated in the Battle of Cape St Vincent in 1780. Circa February 1781 she captured the French 18-gun privateer ship-sloop Duc de Chartres. The Royal Navy took the privateer into service as HMS Duc de Chartres.Cumberland then sailed to the East Indies where she participated in the Battle of Cuddalore in 1783.
 The Culver Rigid Midget is an American mid-wing single seat glider that was designed by Irv Culver in 1941. The prototype was constructed by Ray Parker and Bill Bowmar and completed in 1947
 SS Sołdek was a Polish coal and ore freighter. She was the first ship built in Poland after World War II and the first seagoing ship completed in Poland. She was the first of 29 ships classed as Project B30 built between 1949 and 1954 in Stocznia Gdańska (Gdańsk Shipyard). The name was given in honour of Stanisław Sołdek one of the shipyard's shock workers.The ship is currently preserved as a museum ship in Gdańsk.
 HMS Tyger often spelled Tiger was a 38-gun fourth rate frigate of the Royal Navy built by Peter Pett II at Woolwich and launched in 1647. The term 'frigate' during the period of this ship referred to a method of construction rather than a role which did not develop until the following century. She was the third ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name and by undergoing successive rebuildings she served for almost a century until she was wrecked in the Dry Tortugas in 1742.
 USNS Supply is the lead ship of the Supply-class fast combat support ships. She was laid down on 24 February 1989 and was launched on 6 October 1990. Supply was commissioned 26 February 1994 at Naval Air Station North Island in San Diego California.
 HMS Imogen was a I-class destroyer built for the Royal Navy in the mid-1930s. During the Spanish Civil War of 1936–1939 the ship enforced the arms blockade imposed by Britain and France on both sides as part of the Mediterranean Fleet. After the start of the Second World War the ship was transferred to Home Fleet and participated in the Norwegian Campaign in April 1940. Imogen sank two German submarines before her own sinking following an accidental collision in July 1940.
 The Highland Railway E Class was a class of 4-4-0 steam locomotive designed by David Jones for passenger service. They were also known as the 'Clyde Bogies' as they were built by the Clyde Locomotive Company in Glasgow Scotland. They were the first locomotives built by that company.Built in 1886 they were a development of Jones' previous F Class.
 The PS Tattershall Castle is now moored on the River Thames at the Embankment and is used as a floating pub and restaurant. It was recently refitted at a cost of several million pounds.The steamer was built in 1934 as a passenger ferry on the River Humber between Kingston upon Hull and New Holland. It found service as a tether for barrage balloons during the Second World War. In 1981 after long service as a passenger and goods ferry the ship was towed to London.
 The de Havilland DH.50 was a 1920s British large single-engined biplane transport built by de Havilland at Stag Lane Aerodrome Edgware and licence-built in Australia Belgium and Czechoslovakia.
 Victoria Express also known as Victoria Rapid Transit was the name of a private seasonal ferry operation based in Port Angeles Washington. The service operated two passenger-only ferries on routes between Port Angeles and Victoria British Columbia and Friday Harbor Washington during the summer the 149-seat 105-foot (32 m) Victoria Express and the 120-foot (37 m) Victoria Express II.
 MV St Faith is a vehicle and passenger ferry operated by Wightlink on their route from Portsmouth to Fishbourne on the Isle of Wight. As with fellow Wightlink ship St Cecilia there are also plans to increase St Faith′s capacity by increasing her size to 12 metres.The ship was built in 1990 for the Portsmouth to Fishbourne route the route she has taken throughout her life. St Faith is the second youngest of Wightlink's 'St Class' ships after St Clare.
 The Hawker Hunter is a subsonic British jet aircraft developed in the 1950s. The single-seat Hunter entered service as a manoeuvrable fighter aircraft and later operated in fighter-bomber and reconnaissance roles in numerous conflicts. Two-seat variants remained in use for training and secondary roles with the Royal Air Force (RAF) and Royal Navy until the early 1990s.
 The Geely CD is a coupe automobile from Chinese manufacturer Geely Automobile. The CD name stands for Chinese Dragon in English.The CD was shown at the Frankfurt Motor Show in 2005 along with four other Geely models.The CD is based on a South Korean Daewoo International Wooshin Systems design which Geely licensed. Its 1.5 L engine is a Toyota Motor Corporation design also licensed. It produces 94 hp (70 kW) at 6000 rpm.
 HMAS Mildura (J207/M207) named for the city of Mildura Victoria was one of 60 Bathurst class corvettes constructed during World War II and one of 36 initially manned and commissioned by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).
 The Xian H-6 (Chinese: 轰-6; pinyin: Hōng-6) is a license-built version of the Soviet Tupolev Tu-16 twin-engine jet bomber built for the Chinese People's Liberation Army Air Force.Delivery of the Tu-16 to China began in 1958 and the Xi'an Aircraft Industrial Corporation (XAC) signed a license production agreement with the USSR to build the type in the late 1950s. The first Chinese Tu-16 or H-6 as it was designated in Chinese service flew in 1959.
 The first USS Kleinsmith (DE-376) would have been a John C.
 The United States Navy patrol vessel USS Halcyon was built by the Defoe Shipbuilding Company in Bay City Michigan in 1912. She was taken over by the US Navy from her owner G. G. Barnum at Duluth Minnesota on 16 June 1917. After serving briefly on section patrol in the Great Lakes 9th Naval District Halcyon was returned to her owner on 5 November 1917.
 The Bristol Type 72 Racer was a British racing monoplane designed by Wilfrid Thomas Reid and built by the Bristol Aeroplane Company at Filton Aerodrome England.
 The Northrop X-4 Bantam was a prototype small twin-jet aircraft manufactured by Northrop Corporation in 1948. It had no horizontal tail surfaces depending instead on combined elevator and aileron control surfaces (called elevons) for control in pitch and roll attitudes almost exactly in the manner of the similar-format rocket-powered Messerschmitt Me 163 of Nazi Germany's Luftwaffe.
 Agano (阿賀野 軽巡洋艦 Agano keijun'yōkan) was the lead ship of the Agano class of four light cruisers which served with the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II. She was named after the Agano River in Fukushima and Niigata prefectures in Japan.
 USS Ohio (SSBN-726/SSGN-726) the lead boat of her class of nuclear-powered fleet ballistic missile submarines was the fourth vessel of the United States Navy to be named for the 17th state. She was commissioned with the hull designation of SSBN-726 and with her conversion to a guided missile submarine she was re-designated SSGN-726.
 The Aeromarine 700 was an early US Navy seaplane developed in 1917 to investigate the feasibility of using aircraft to launch torpedoes. The aircraft itself was a large biplane of conventional three-bay configuration equipped with two pontoons. It was powered by an engine also manufactured by Aeromarine (100 hp/75 kW). Only two examples were built.
 USS Power (DD-839) was a Gearing-class destroyer of the United States Navy the first Navy ship named for First Lieutenant John V. Power USMC (1918–1944) who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for heroism in the Battle of Kwajalein.Power was laid down on 26 February 1945 by the Bath Iron Works Bath Maine; launched on 30 June 1945; sponsored by Mrs. George F. Power mother of Lt. Power; and commissioned on 13 September 1945 at Boston Commander John M. Steinbeck in command.
 HMS Benbow was a Victorian era Admiral-class battleship of the British Royal Navy named for Admiral John Benbow.
 The Kalinin K-5 was an airliner produced in the Soviet Union in the 1930s built in larger quantities than any other Soviet airliner of its time with some 260 machines constructed. It was a conventional high-wing strut-braced monoplane with a fully enclosed cabin and cockpit and followed the general pattern developed by Kalinin in his earlier designs albeit on a larger scale.
 The Pennsylvania class steamships—Pennsylvania Ohio Indiana and Illinois— were a class of four cargo-passenger liners built by the Philadelphian shipbuilder William Cramp & Sons in 1872-73. Intended for the newly established American Line the four ships were at the time the largest iron ships yet built in the United States and were launched with considerable fanfare.
 The New Zealand AM class of electric multiple unit (EMU) is under construction for the electrification of Auckland's railway network. The class was introduced in 2014 with the first unit having arrived in September 2013. The units are classified AM (Auckland Metro) with the motor car with pantograph classified AMP the middle trailer car AMT and the motor car without pantograph AMA.
 USS Zoraya (SP-235) was an armed yacht that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1919.Zoraya was a wooden-hulled stram yacht constructed in 1901 by J. M. Bayles and Sons at Port Jefferson New York for Ms. Atala W. Thayer. The U.S. Navy acquired her from a later owner Mr. William Biel for World War I service with the section patrol on 16 August 1917.
 The Fort Rosalie or Fort class is a class of fleet replenishment vessel of the British Royal Fleet Auxiliary. These ships are designed to replenish Royal Navy taskgroups with all kinds of armaments and victualling stores while under way; unlike the bigger Fort Victoria class they supply dry stores but not fuel. RFA Fort Rosalie was originally known as Fort Grange but was renamed in 2000 to avoid confusion with the new Fort Victoria class replenishment oiler RFA Fort George.
 The Lucas L5 was a sport aircraft designed in France in the late 1970s and marketed for amateur construction. It was a conventional low-wing cantilever monoplane with side-by-side seating for two in a fully enclosed cabin. Construction was of metal throughout and the builder was given the option of fixed tricycle undercarriage or tailwheel undercarriage in which the main units were manually retractable.
 The Laister LP-46 and LP-49 are a family of American high-wing single-seat gliders that were designed by Jack Laister and produced by Laister Sailplanes both as kit aircraft and as certified complete aircraft.
 The BMW F32 series is the first generation of the BMW 4 Series range of compact executive cars. It is the successor to the E92 model of the 3 Series range.
 The Hannover CL.IV was a prototype escort fighter built in Germany during World War I which formed the basis for a passenger aircraft following the war. Derived from the Hannover CL.II the CL.IV shared the same basic conventional biplane configuration with the unusual biplane tail of that aircraft but incorporated the overhanging aerodynamically-balanced ailerons developed for the Hannover CL.III.
 The Hillman Avenger is a rear-wheel drive small family car originally manufactured under the Hillman marque by the Rootes Group from 1970–1976 and made by Chrysler Europe from 1976–1981 as the Chrysler Avenger and finally the Talbot Avenger. The Avenger was marketed in North America as the Plymouth Cricket.The Avenger was initially produced at Rootes' plant in Ryton-on-Dunsmore England and later at the company's Linwood facility near Glasgow Scotland.
 The BAE Systems SkyEye is a reconnaissance UAV developed in the United States in the early 1970s by Developmental Sciences Inc later called Developmental Sciences Corporation a division of Lear Astronics Corporation and ultimately part of BAE Systems. Developmental Sciences was one of the first US companies to investigate battlefield UAVs flying the first prototype of the SkyEye series in 1973 leading to the first flight of the improved R4E variant in 1981.
 The A-90 Orlyonok (Russian: Орлёнок English: Eaglet) is a Soviet ekranoplan (a ground effect vehicle) that was designed by Rostislav Evgenievich Alexeev of the Central Hydrofoil Design Bureau.The A-90 uses ground effect to fly a few meters above the surface.
 The Type C4 class ship were the largest cargo ships built by the United States Maritime Commission (MARCOM) during World War II. The design was originally developed for the American-Hawaiian Lines in 1941 but in late 1941 the plans were taken over by the MARCOM. Seventy-five ships were built as cargo and troopships in three shipyards: Kaiser Richmond CA (35 ships) Kaiser Vancouver WA (20 ships) and Sun SB & DD in Chester PA (20 ships).
 The Fresh Breeze Monster is a German paramotor designed and produced by Fresh Breeze of Wedemark for powered paragliding.
 The Mitsubishi Starion is a two-door turbocharged four-cylinder rear-wheel drive four-seat sports car that was in production from 1982 to 1989. It was also marketed in North America as the Conquest under the Chrysler Dodge and Plymouth names; both the Starion and Conquest came to an end in 1989.
 USS Buchanan (DD-131) named for Franklin Buchanan was a Wickes-class destroyer in the United States Navy.Buchanan was transferred to the United Kingdom under the Destroyers for Bases Agreement in 1940 and served as HMS Campbeltown (I42). She was destroyed during the St. Nazaire Raid: at 1:34 on 28 March 1942 loaded with four tons of amatol explosive the ship rammed the gates of the Forme Ecluse Louis Joubert dry dock.
 The Grumman JF Duck was a single-engine amphibious biplane built by Grumman for the United States Navy during the 1930s.
 The Electro-Motive Diesel (EMD) Class 66 (or JT42CWR) are Co-Co diesel locomotives built by EMD for the European heavy freight market.Designed for use in Great Britain as the Class 66 a development of the Class 59 they have been adapted and certified for use in other European countries. Outside Europe 40 locomotives have been sold to Egyptian Railways for passenger operation.A number of locomotives built for Euro Cargo Rail in France with roof-mounted air conditioning are classed Class 77.
 The Nathan F. Cobb was a three-masted schooner named after the shipbuilder and founder of Cobb’s Salvaging Company whose many rescues of stranded ships help lead to the formation of the United States Life-Saving Service. Despite its namesake's history of shipwreck rescues the Nathan F. Cobb capsized in heavy seas on 1 December 1896 en route from Brunswick Georgia to New York with a cargo of timber and cross ties. The cook and a shipmate drowned when they were swept overboard in violent seas.
 USS Shenandoah (AD-44) was the fourth and final ship of the Yellowstone-class of destroyer tenders. AD-44 was the fifth ship to bear the name USS Shenandoah as named for the Shenandoah Valley. She was commissioned in 1983 only three years after the decommissioning of the previous USS Shenandoah (AD-26) also a destroyer tender. In 1991 USS Shenandoah was diverted to the Red Sea to tend ships of the U.S. Seventh Fleet's USS Abraham Lincoln (CVN-72) Battle Group.
 The Surprise was a California clipper built in East Boston in 1850. It initially rounded Cape Horn to California but the vessel's owners A. A. Low & Brother soon found that the vessel performed well in Far Eastern waters.
 The United States Lightship WLV-613 (Ambrose) was a lightvessel commissioned in 1952 that became the last lightship to mark the Ambrose Channel. She was replaced by a Texas Tower lightstation on 24 August 1967. The Ambrose was reassigned as a relief ship on the Massachusetts coastline from 1967–79. After being renamed Nantucket II in 1979 she was reassigned to Nantucket Shoals.
 F-1 Favorit (English: Ф-1 «Фаворит») is a light sporting biplane for aerobatics a modernized version of B2M Mosquit. It was designed and built by the Avion Group together with Moscow Aviation Institute specialists.
 The Maserati Khamsin (Tipo 120) (named after the Khamsin a hot violent wind in the Egyptian desert) was a sports car introduced as a Bertone prototype in the autumn of 1972 at the Turin Auto Show. In 1973 it was put on display at the Paris Motor Show where it was badged as a Maserati. Production of the vehicle started in 1974. The car had a front mounted 4.9 litre V-8 delivering 320 hp.
 The Bell P-39 Airacobra was one of the principal American fighter aircraft in service when the United States entered World War II. The P-39 was used with great success by the Soviet Air Force which scored the highest number of individual kills attributed to any U.S. fighter type.
 The Kellett XR-8 (later redesignated XH-8) was a helicopter built in the United States during World War II. It was a two-seat machine intended to demonstrate the feasibility of a twin-rotor system and while it accomplished this it also demonstrated a number of problems that prevented further development of this particular design.
 Empire Dryden was a 7164 GRT cargo ship that was built in 1941 by William Doxford & Sons Ltd Sunderland Co Durham United Kingdom for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). Completed in February 1942 she had a short career being torpedoed and sunk on 20 April 1942 by U-572.
 The first USS Raccoon (SP-506) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Raccoon was launched in 1915 as a private wooden-hulled motorboat of the same name by George Lawley & Son at Neponset Massachusetts and completed that year. On 5 May 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired her from her owner Francis W. Fabyan of Cambridge Massachusetts for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I.
 MV Sirius Star is an oil tanker owned and operated by Vela International Marine. With a length overall of 330 m (1080 ft) and a capacity of 2.2 million barrels (350000 m3) of crude oil the ship is classified as a very large crude carrier or VLCC. Vela is based in the United Arab Emirates and is a subsidiary of the Saudi Arabian state oil company Saudi Aramco. Sirius Star is one of Vela's 24 tankers of which 19 are VLCCs.
 The JGR Class 7100 was a Japanese steam locomotive which was first used in Hokkaido upon the establishment of the government-sponsored Horonai Railway in 1880. The locomotives were imported from the United States.The locomotives were produced by the American company H. K. Porter Inc. Two were purchased in 1880 (Nos. 368 369) two more in 1882 (Nos. 487 488) one in 1884 (No. 643) one in 1885 (No. 672) and two more in 1889 (Nos. 1009 1010) for a total of eight.
 The R46 is a class of New York City Subway cars built between 1975 and 1978 by Pullman Standard in Chicago Illinois. They run on the B Division (IND and BMT) routes of the New York City Subway. They along with the previous R44s are 75 feet (22.86 m) long. Currently the fleet is maintained at Pitkin Yard and Jamaica Yard running on the A F and Rockaway Park Shuttle trains.
 USC&GS Drift was a United States Coast Survey schooner built in 1876 specifically to anchor in offshore waters to undertake current measurements. She was transferred to the United States Lighthouse Board on May 20 1893 to become the lightship Light Vessel # 97 or (LV-97) on the Bush Bluff station until retirement and sale in 1918 to become the W. J. Townsend which was scrapped in 1945.
 The third USS Ability (AFDL-7) was a small auxiliary floating dry dock in the service of the United States Navy.She was laid down in 1943 at Eureka California by Chicago Bridge & Iron Company and launched in April 1944 as the unnamed one-section steel floating dry dock AFDL-7. The non-self-propelled floating dry dock was then towed from Eureka Calif. to Pearl Harbor Hawaii and approximately three weeks later to Kwajelein Marshall Islands.
 The Mercury Montego was a mid-size vehicle in the Mercury line of Ford Motor Company from 1968 to 1976. The nameplate first appeared in 1967 in Canada as part of the Mercury-derived Meteor line. After 1976 the basic design of the Montego was updated and the nameplate disappeared as the Cougar expanded its lineup. During the mid-2000s the Montego name was revived for a full-size car; it was rebranded the Sable for 2008.
 The Peugeot J7 is a small van produced from 1965 until 1980 with a total production of 336220 vehicles. In 1981 the J7 was succeeded by a revised version called J9.The J7 was available in a number of versions including panel van minibus pick up and pick up with cab with a gross payload of either 1400 kg (3100 lb) or 1800 kg (4000 lb) depending on version. The J7 was not sold in the United Kingdom but one was recently imported from France as a mobile Pizza oven.
 The Strata-Domes were a fleet of five streamlined dome cars operated by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O). The term referred both to a pair of dome cars constructed by Pullman-Standard and three Budd Company domes the B&O acquired from the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O). They were the first dome cars operated in the Eastern United States following on the success of the Chicago Burlington and Quincy Railroad's Vista-Domes in the west.
 The Bristol Biplane Type 'T' sometimes called the Challenger-Dickson Biplane was a derivative of the Bristol Boxkite. It was built in 1911 by the British and Colonial Aeroplane Company and was designed as a cross-country racing aircraft for Maurice Tabuteau.
 The Pop's Props Zing is a single seat open-cockpit parasol wing single-engine monoplane first flown in 1996. The aircraft was designed by Scott Land and produced by Pop's Props of Cooksville Illinois in the form of plans and an aircraft kit.
 Lady Mary Pelham (1816–1849) was a brig working as a Falmouth packet which after modification to barque became part of the South Australia Company's fleet of 1836. She later served as a whaler and transport between Van Diemens Land and Portland Victoria.
 The Farman F.480 Alizé was a single engine two seat parasol winged monoplane built in France in the mid-1930s. Designed as a tourer and trainer all Alizés served as training aircraft for government (Republican) forces during the Spanish Civil War.
 The Jensen PW is a saloon car built by Jensen Motors from 1946 through 1952. The PW stood for Post-War as the car was the first model built by Jensen after the Second World War. A convertible model was also built alongside the hardtop saloon.The first models utilized the Meadows 3.9L Straight 8 motor.
 The Honda GL15B1DF also known as Honda Verza 150 is a motorcycle produced by Astra Honda Motor Indonesia this motorcycle is equipped with 150 cc SOHC single-cylinder engine and adopts a fuel supply system which is the PGM–FI (programmed fuel injection). This motorcycle is similar with the predecessor of its kind which is the Honda MegaPro 150 but with a smaller and lighter design with the same engine system and capacity cylinder (cc).
 The MV Teratai Prima was an Indonesian ferry that sank on January 11 2009 around 04:00 local time (January 10 21:00 UTC) in the Makassar Strait off West Sulawesi due to stormy weather.
 Tamatsu Maru was a World War II Japanese landing craft depot ship completed in January 1944 and remembered for the heavy loss of life when sunk by USS Spadefish during a 19 August 1944 typhoon. Some 4890 lives were lost.
 HMS Ariel was a 20-gun Sphinx-class sixth-rate post ship of the Royal Navy. The French captured her in 1779 and she served during the American Revolutionary War for them and the Americans as well as the British. She was scuttled in 1793.
 MS Oscar Wilde is a cruiseferry owned by Irish Ferries. She in currently in service on Irish Ferries' Rosslare - Cherbourg and Rosslare - Roscoff routes. The ship was built by Wärtsilä Marine in Turku Finland for Jahre Line as MS Kronprins Harald. In 1991 she passed under ownership of Color Line for whom she sailed until sold to Irish Ferries in 2007.
 HMAS Advance (P 83) was an Attack class patrol boat of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). Constructed during 1967 and commissioned into the RAN in 1968 Advance operated from Darwin and patrolled northern Australian waters.During her career the patrol boat shadowed a Soviet trawler survived Cyclone Tracy was used for filming of the television series Patrol Boat and participated in the RAN's first anti-terrorism patrol of the North West Shelf.
 The SS1 is a type of AC-powered electric locomotive used on China Railways.
 The Gulfstream X-54 is a proposed research and demonstration aircraft under development in the United States by Gulfstream Aerospace for NASA that is planned for use in sonic boom and supersonic transport research.
 Castalia was a 1533 GRT twin-hulled paddle steamer that was built in 1874 by the Thames Ironworks and Shipbuilding Company Leamouth London for the English Channel Steamship Company. She was acquired by the London Chatham and Dover Railway (LCDR) in 1878 but had already been laid up by then and was not operated by the LCDR. In 1883 she was sold to the Metropolitan Asylums Board and converted to a hospital ship. She served until 1904 and was scrapped in 1905.
 The Johanna Lucretia is a British tall ship and is an oak wooden two masted topsail schooner built at the Rhoos Shipyard Ghent in Belgium in 1945. The Johanna Lucretia measures 96ft (28.65m) in length her beam is 18 ft (5.50m) her draught is 8 ft (2.45m) and she has a total sail area of 380 m2.Although originally built as a fishing vessel the Johanna Lucretia was never used for that purpose and was converted for recreational use in 1954 by the then owner Ber van Meer.
 USS Donegal (1860) was a captured Confederate steamship acquired by the Union Navy from the prize court during the American Civil War. She was put into service by the Union Navy to patrol navigable waterways of the Confederacy to prevent the South from trading with other countries.
 The French ironclad Gloire (Glory) was the first ocean-going ironclad launched in 1859. She was developed following the Crimean War in response to new developments in naval gun technology especially the Paixhans guns and rifled guns which used explosive shells with increased destructive power against wooden ships and followed the development of the ironclad floating batteries built by the British and French for the bombardment of Russian forts during the Crimean War.
 The Class EF67 is a class of electric locomotives operated by Japan Freight Railway Company (JR Freight) as dedicated banking locomotives on the steeply-graded Senohachi section of the Sanyō Main Line between Seno and Hachihonmatsu. The class is subdivided into three EF67-0 locomotives converted between 1982 and 1984 from former Class EF60 locomotives and five EF67-100 locomotives converted in 1990 from former Class EF65 locomotives.
 The Matra-Cantinieau MC-101 was an early 1950s French experimental two seat helicopter of conventional tail rotor configuration but with its engine mounted close to the main rotor above the seating.
 The Great Western Railway steam locomotive no. 4965 Rood Ashton Hall is a 4-6-0 Hall class locomotive. It is currently preserved at Tyseley Locomotive Works.
 HMS M16 was a First World War Royal Navy M15-class monitor.
 M/F Tycho Brahe is a Danish train and car ferry that operates between Helsingør Denmark and Helsingborg Sweden a distance of just 5 km. M/F Tycho Brahe has been in use since 1991. The ship is bidirectional therefore she can change direction without turning around so no time is lost for this. The ship is also able to accelerate and decelerate quite quickly to and from her maximum speed of 14 knots.The ship is named after the Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe.
 The Saunders-Roe SR.177 was a 1950s project to develop a combined jet- and rocket-powered interceptor aircraft for the Royal Air Force and Royal Navy. The German Navy also expressed interest in the project which was cancelled due to changes in Britain's military policies in 1957. A much larger development was studied under the SR.187 project for Operational Requirement F.155 but this work was also cancelled in 1957 after approximately 90% of the first prototype had been completed.
 The Highland Railway Drummond 0-6-4T or X class were large tank engines originally intended for banking duty.Of Peter Drummond design the first four were built by the North British Locomotive Company and delivered in 1909.
 The Great Western Railway (GWR) 9400 Class is a class of 0-6-0 pannier tank steam locomotive used for shunting and banking duties.The first ten 9400s were the last steam engines built by the GWR. After nationalisation in 1948 another 200 were built by private contractors for British Railways (BR). Most had very short working lives as the duties for which they were designed disappeared through changes in working practices or were taken over by diesel locomotives.
 HMS Seadog was an S class submarine of the Royal Navy and part of the Third Group built of that class. She was built by Cammell Laird & Co Limited Birkenhead and launched on 11 June 1942. She previously had the pennant P216. So far she has been the only ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name Seadog.She spent most of her wartime career in the Far East except for a brief spell in home waters off the Scandinavian coast where she sank the German transport ship Oldenburg.
 MS Thomson Celebration is a cruise ship owned by Holland America Line under long-term charter to the United Kingdom-based Thomson Cruises. She was built in 1984 by the Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard in St. Nazaire France for Holland America Line as MS Noordam.
 MS Moby Otta is a cruiseferry currently owned by the Italy-based shipping company Moby Lines and operated on their Livorno–Olbia service. She was built in 1976 by Flender Werke Lübeck West Germany as MS Tor Scandinavia for Tor Line. Between 1991 and 2006 she sailed as MS Princess of Scandinavia.
 Yodo (淀  Yodo ) was the lead ship in the Yodo-class cruiser of high speed protected cruisers in the Imperial Japanese Navy. Officially rated as a tsūhōkan meaning dispatch boat or aviso Yodo was named after the Yodo River outside Osaka Japan. Her sister ship was the Mogami. Yodo had a clipper bow and two smokestacks whereas Mogami had a straight raked bow with three smokestacks.
 HMS Foylebank was a converted 5500 ton merchant ship active during the Second World War. She was launched as the MV Andrew Weir in 1930 and requisitioned in September 1939. She was converted into an anti-aircraft ship equipped with .5 inch machine guns two quad 2-pounder pom-poms and four twin high angle 4-inch turrets. The Foylebank saw action in Portland Harbour next to the Isle of Portland in Dorset England.
 INS Godavari (F20) is the lead ship of her class of guided-missile frigates of the Indian Navy. Built by Mazagon Dock Limited in Mumbai she was commissioned on 10 December 1983.
 Orlanda was a cargo ship that was built in 1920 by F Krupp AG Emden for German owners. She was seized by the Allies in Hamburg in May 1945 passed to the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) and renamed Empire Conington. In 1946 she was allocated to the Newfoundland Government. In 1949 she was sold to Panama and renamed Alabe. She served until 1958 when she was scrapped.
 The Sukhoi PAK FA (Russian: Сухой ПАК ФА Russian: Перспективный авиационный комплекс фронтовой авиации Perspektivny Aviatsionny Kompleks Frontovoy Aviatsii literally Prospective Airborne Complex of Frontline Aviation) is a twin-engine jet fighter being developed by Sukhoi for the Russian Air Force.
 The Abramovich Flyer was an early aircraft built by Russian aviator Vsevolod Mikhailovich Abramovich in 1912 based on the Wright brothers' designs he had seen while working for their German subsidiary. Differences from the Wright designs of the time included wheeled undercarriage and conventional empennage replacing the canard the Wrights used.
 The MY Bob Barker is a ship owned and operated by the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society named after American television game show host and animal rights activist Bob Barker whose donation of $5 million to the society facilitated the purchase of the ship. She first started operating for the group in late 2009 / early 2010 in its campaign against whaling by Japanese fisheries. In October 2010 Sea Shepherd stated that Bob Barker had completed a massive refit in Hobart Tasmania.
 USS Denebola (AD-12) was an Altair-class destroyer tender named for Denebola the second brightest star in the constellation Leo. Originally built in 1919 as SS Edgewood by Skinner and Eddy of Seattle Washington then transferred from the Shipping Board on 4 November 1921 and converted for naval use at Philadelphia Navy Yard. She was commissioned as USS Denebola (AD-12) on 28 November 1921 with Commander J. F. Daniels in command.
 SM UB-35 was a German Type UB II submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. The U-boat was ordered on 22 July 1915 and launched on 28 December 1915. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 22 June 1916 as SM UB-35.The submarine sank 43 ships in 26 patrols. UB-35 was depth charged and sunk by British warships including HMS Leven in the English Channel on 26 January 1918.
 HMS Carlisle was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the English Royal Navy launched at Deptford on 11 February 1693.Carlisle was wrecked in 1696.
 The General Aircraft GAL.47 was a 1940s British single-engined twin-boom Air Observation Post aircraft built by General Aircraft Limited at London Air Park Hanworth.
 The Long March 2A also known as the Chang Zheng 2A CZ-2A and LM-2A was a Chinese orbital carrier rocket. It was launched from Launch Area 2B at the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Centre. It was a 2-stage rocket and flew just once on 5 November 1974. During this flight a cable connecting the pitch rate control gyroscope to the guidance system became disconnected resulting in a loss of control and launch failure.
 The Niagara was a 245-foot (75 m) long sidewheel palace steamer launched in 1846. Like the others of its kind it carried passengers and cargo around the North American Great Lakes. It was owned by the Collingwood Line.On September 23 1856 the Niagara left Sheboygan Wisconsin headed for Port Washington Wisconsin on Lake Michigan carrying 170 passengers and a heavy load of cargo.
 The Aviatik C.I was a observation aircraft which came into service during World War I in April 1915. It was the successor to the Aviatik B.I and B.II models. In the C.I the observer sat in front of the pilot with a machine-gun on a flexible mounting which gave the crew the means to attack enemy aircraft. The positions of the pilot and observer were reversed in the C.Ia version. Later models of the plane included the Aviatik C.II and the C.III which had more powerful engines.
 HMS Dacres (K472) was a Captain-class frigate built in the United States as a Evarts-class destroyer escort and transferred to the Royal Navy under the terms of Lend-Lease which served in World War II. The ship was laid down as Duffy (DE-268) on 7 April 1943 by the Boston Navy Yard Boston Massachusetts and launched on 19 May 1943. Transferred to the Royal Navy and commissioned as Dacres on 28 August 1943 the ship was named after Vice Admiral James Richard Dacres (1749–1810).
 HDMS Diana is the first ship in Diana-class patrol vessel built to patrol in the Danish territorial waters. The ship is named after the Roman goddess of the hunt. Diana like all its sister ships built in Faaborg yard.The ship was built to replace the aging Barsø class which had become obsolete. The ship is equipped with a single Stan Flex container position but can not use all types of containers as there are installed the associated equipment to the most advanced of its kind.
 The Nissan Forum is a concept minivan that debuted during the 2008 North American International Auto Show. It became a production version of next-generation Nissan Quest (North America) and Nissan Elgrand (Asia) on the Nissan D platform for the 2011 model year.
 Welshpool and Llanfair Light Railway (W&LLR) steam locomotive number 19 was built in 1954 by Uzinele de Fier și Domeniile din Reșiţa S.A. (English: Iron Works in Reșiţa and Domenille limited company) based in Reșiţa (Romania). It was imported to the UK in 2007 having been restored to working condition at Remarul 16 Februarie Locomotive Works in Cluj-Napoca Romania.
 USS Naumkeag (1863) was a steamer purchased by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Union Navy as a gunboat assigned to patrol Confederate waterways.Naumkeag a wooden stern-wheel steamboat built at Cincinnati Ohio early in 1863 was purchased by the Navy at Cairo Illinois 14 April 1863 from Allen Collier; and commissioned at Mound City Illinois 16 April 1863 Lt. Comdr. George Brown in command.
 The first USS Trepang (SS/AGSS-412) was a Balao-class submarine in the United States Navy. She was named for the trepang a marine animal sometimes called a 'sea slug' or a 'sea cucumber' having a long tough muscular body and found in the coral reefs of the East Indies.
 The Endeavour is a Diesel Multiple Unit train operated by NSW TrainLink on passenger rail services in New South Wales on the Hunter Valley Main Western Southern Highlands and South Coast lines. They are mechanically identical to the Xplorers. All 30 carriages were built by ABB Transportation in Dandenong Victoria.Fouteen two-carriage sets were ordered in April 1992 to replace Class 620/720 railcars DEB set railcars and locomotive hauled stock with the first entering service in March 1994.
 Nea Genea (Greek: Α/Τ Νέα Γενεά New Generation) served in the Royal Hellenic Navy from 1912-1919. She was originally the German destroyer V-6.The ship along with one of her six sister ships of V class destroyers Keravnos was ordered from Germany. They were purchased before entering service in the German Navy from the German shipyard Vulcan AG in Stettin when the Balkan Wars were underway.
 The Sikorsky Cypher and Cypher II are types of unmanned aerial vehicles developed by Sikorsky Aircraft. They are vertical takeoff and landing aircraft which use two opposing rotors enclosed in a circular shroud for propulsion.
 USCGC Gentian (WLB-290) a Cactus- or A-class buoy tender was built by Zenith Dredge of Duluth Minnesota. Her keel was laid 3 October 1941 launched 23 May 1942 and commissioned 3 November 1942.
 The Synairgie Jet Ranger is an French homebuilt ultralight aircraft that was designed and produced by Synairgie of Montauban introduced in the 1990s. When it was available the aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction.Despite its name the aircraft is not powered by a turbine engine but by a choice of piston two stroke and four stroke aircraft engines.
 INS Nipat (K86) was a Vidyut class missile boat of the Indian Navy. It was part of the 25th Killer Missile squadron.
 Speeder was a motor launch built in 1908 which served on Puget Sound and in the San Juan Islands. From 1908 to 1922 this vessel was named Bainbridge.
 HMS Loch Fada (K390/F390) was the lead ship of the Loch-class frigates of the British Royal Navy built by John Brown & Company of Clydebank Scotland and named after Loch Fada in the Inner Hebrides.The ship was laid down on 8 June 1943 launched on 14 December and commissioned in April 1944. She was attached to Captain Johnny Walker's 2nd Escort Group which was detailed to guard the Western Approaches of the British Isles.
 MV Kungsholm was built in 1966 by the John Brown & Company shipyard in Clydebank Scotland as a combined ocean liner / cruise ship for the Swedish American Line. She was later rebuilt as a full-time cruise ship. She also sailed under the names MV Sea Princess MVVictoria MV Oceanic II.
 Illinois was a detailed full scale mockup of an Indiana-class battleship constructed as a naval exhibit at the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago Illinois in 1893.
 The Aud was a 1102 gross register tons (GRT) Norwegian steamboat built in 1907 in Bergen Norway by Bergen Mekaniske Verksted for J. Kuhnle Jr.. She was stopped and searched on 30 November 1916 by SM UB-18 at 50°19′N 5°33′W when sailing from Cardiff to Lisbon with a load of coal. UB-18's skipper Claus Lafrenz declared the cargo contraband and sunk the ship after putting the crew in the life-boats.
 The Ayanami class was a destroyer class built for the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF) in the late 1950s.The primary purpose was anti-submarine warfare so this class was classified as DDK (hunter-killer anti-submarine destroyer) unofficially.This class adopted a long forecastle design with inclined afterdeck called Holland Slope named after the scenic sloping street in Nagasaki City.
 The Yokosuka P1Y Ginga (銀河 Galaxy) was a twin-engine land-based bomber developed for the Japanese Imperial Navy in World War II. It was the successor to the Mitsubishi G4M and given the Allied reporting name Frances.
 An EMD SD18 is a 6-axle diesel locomotive built by General Motors Electro-Motive Division between April 1960 and March 1963. Power was provided by an EMD 567D1 16-cylinder engine which generated 1800 hp (1.3 MW).54 examples of this locomotive model were built for American railroads and 60 for export including 15 for Korail (Order#700735~700749 Serial#28373~28387).
 The Lamborghini Gallardo (/ɡaɪˈjɑrdoʊ/; Italian: [ɡaʎˈʎardo]) was a sports car built by Lamborghini their most-produced model with 14022 being built throughout its lifetime. Named after a famous breed of fighting bull the V-10 Gallardo has been Lamborghini's sales leader and stable-mate to a succession of V-12 flagship models—first to the Lamborghini Murciélago (4099 built between 2001 and 2011) then to the current flagship Lamborghini Aventador.
 The Hayabusa-class is a guided missile patrol boat class of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force. Six boats were built between 2002 and 2004.The Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force initially built three hydrofoil missile boats of the PG 1-go class between 1993 and 1995. However after commissioning problems with seaworthiness and operational range at mid-speed became clear.
 The Curtiss XO-30 was a projected 1920s American twin-engined observation monoplane designed by the Curtiss Aeroplane and Motor Company for the United States Army Air Service a prototype was cancelled and not built.
 HMAS Orara (J130) was a 1297-ton anti-submarine and depot ship of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) during World War II.Orara was built in 1907 by Scott of Kinghorn Kinghorn as a cargo passenger steam ship for the North Coast Steam Navigation Company.She plied the Clarence River to Sydney run. At the start of World War II Orara was requisitioned in September 1939 and was commissioned on 9 October into the RAN as an auxiliary minesweeper vessel.
 Kanrin Maru (咸臨丸) was Japan's first sail and screw-driven steam corvette (the first steam-driven Japanese warship Kankō Maru was a side-wheeler). She was ordered in 1853 from the Netherlands the only Western country with which Japan had diplomatic relations throughout its period of sakoku (seclusion) by the Shogun's government the Bakufu. She was delivered on September 21 1857 (with the name Japan) by Lt. Willem Huyssen van Kattendijke of the Dutch navy.
 USS Wild Goose (SP-562) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1920.Wild Goose was built as a wooden-hulled civilian screw steamer of the same name by the Gas Engine and Power Company and Charles L. Seabury Company at Morris Heights in the Bronx New York in 1913 to a design by Charles L. Seabury. On 21 April 1917 the U.S. Navy took delivery of her from her owner Charles L. Harding of Boston Massachusetts for use as a section patrol craft during World War I.
 The LDV Pilot is a panel van that was produced by LDV Limited from 1997 until 2006 and closely based on preceding models dating back to 1974 (which were in turn related to older models).The Pilot was available in capacities from 2.2 to 2.6 tonnes in a 5.7 cubic metres (200 cu ft) load area. Power came from a 1.9 litre Peugeot Diesel engine driving the rear wheels through a 5 speed gearbox. Access to the load area is from either the rear or a sliding side door.
 INS Chatak (K96) was a Chamak class missile boat of the Indian Navy.
 The Trajan was a Téméraire class 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy.In 1793 Trajan was commissioned in Lorient under captain Villaret de Joyeuse.At the Bataille du 13 prairial an 2 along with Éole she engaged and dismasted HMS Bellerophon.In 1797 she took part in the Expédition d'Irlande an ill-fated attempt to invade Ireland. On 17 December 1797 she was renamed Gaulois.She was eventually broken up in 1805.
 The Chevrolet Celebrity is a mid-size car produced by the Chevrolet division of General Motors. The Celebrity (a name originally used by Oldsmobile in the 1960s) was introduced in 1981 for the 1982 model year. The Celebrity was the best-selling car in the United States in 1986. Although sold for only one generation it received its first facelift in 1984 and the other in 1986 which included a facelifted front end and restyled taillights.
 The WAGR F class was a class of 4-8-0 heavy goods steam locomotives used by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) between 1902 and 1970. A total of 57 of them were built in three batches in 1902 1912 and 1913 respectively. The first batch was built by Dübs & Co and the other two by its successor North British Locomotive Co.The class was designed by T.F. Rotheram Chief Mechanical Engineer of the WAGR from 1900 to 1903.
 USS Bradford (DD-545) was a Fletcher-class destroyer of the United States Navy. She was named for Captain Gamaliel Bradford (1768–1824) a privateer during the Quasi-War with France.Bradford was launched 12 December 1942 by Bethlehem Steel Co. Terminal Island Calif. sponsored by Mrs. Sarah Bradford Rose great-great-granddaughter of Captain Bradford and commissioned 12 June 1943 Commander R. L. Morris in command.
 The Wittemann-Lewis Training Tractor (sometimes referred to as the T-T) is an American two-seat military training biplane designed and built by the Wittemann-Lewis Aircraft Company.
 The Piper PA-48 Enforcer is a turboprop powered light close air support/ground-attack aircraft built by Piper Aircraft Corp. Lakeland Florida. It was the ultimate development of the original World War II North American P-51 Mustang.
 The Dewoitine D.1 was a French single-seat fighter aircraft of the 1920s built by the French industrial company Dewoitine.
 Golden Hind or Golden Hinde was an English galleon best known for her circumnavigation of the globe between 1577 and 1580 captained by Sir Francis Drake. She was originally known as Pelican but was renamed by Drake mid-voyage in 1578 as he prepared to enter the Strait of Magellan calling her Golden Hind to compliment his patron Sir Christopher Hatton whose armorial crest was a golden 'hind' (a female deer). Hatton was one of the principal sponsors of Drake's world voyage.
 T-120 was a minesweeper of the Soviet Navy during World War II and the Cold War. She had originally been built as USS Assail (AM-147) an Admirable-class minesweeper for the United States Navy during World War II but never saw active service in the U.S. Navy. Upon completion she was transferred to the Soviet Union under Lend-Lease as T-120; she was never returned to the United States. T-120 was sunk by U-739 in the Kara Sea in September 1944. Because of the Cold War the U.S.
 The NER Class 3CC (LNER Class D19) was a 4-4-0 steam locomotive designed by Wilson Worsdell for the North Eastern Railway and built in 1893. Only one was built (number 1619) and it was a compound expansion version of the simple expansion NER Class M1. The 3CC was originally classified M but was re-classified 3CC in 1914 at the same time as the M1 was re-classified M.
 INS Deepak is a Deepak-class fleet tanker built by Fincantieri. Deepak was launched on 13 February 2010 and commissioned on 21 January 2011.
 The PZL-230 Skorpion was a design for a Polish Air Force attack aircraft. The project was started in the late 1980s by the PZL (Polish State Aviation Works) and cancelled in 1994 due to a lack of funds. Skorpion would have had twin jet engines a fuselage afterbody blending into the wing and small canards behind the cockpit.
 HMS Palliser was a Blackwood or Type 14 class second-rate anti-submarine frigate of the British Royal Navy.She took part in the Cod Wars of the late 1950s and 1960s.
 The Eaglet 31 was a United States ultra-light high-winged monoplane of the early 1930s.
 The Stits SA-3A Playboy (also called the Stitts SA-3A Playboy) is a single seat strut-braced low-wing monoplane that was designed by Ray Stits for amateur construction. The aircraft was designed and the prototype was completed in a three-month period during 1952. The design went on to become one of the most influential in the post-war boom in aircraft homebuilding.A side-by-side two seat version is known as the SA-3B.
 The Central Centaur IIA was a British civil six-passenger joyriding biplane aircraft produced by Central Aircraft Company Limited of London.
 USS Mero (SS-378) a Balao-class submarine was a ship of the United States Navy named for the mero any of several large groupers found in warm ocean waters.Mero was laid down by Manitowoc Shipbuilding Co. Manitowoc Wisc. 22 July 1944; launched 17 January 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Henry G. Taylor; and commissioned at Manitowoc 17 August 1945 Commander John H.
 The Texas A&M College Ag-1 was a prototype single seat single engine aircraft one of the first specifically designed for agricultural spraying dusting and fertilizer spreading. It was the first of a series of designs that led to the Piper PA-25 Pawnee.
 Pioneer is a restored nineteenth century schooner sailing out of South Street Seaport in New York New York.
 Princesa was a 70-gun ship of the line of the Spanish Navy launched in 1750.She fought at the Battle of Cape St Vincent in 1780 where she was captured by the Royal Navy and commissioned as the third rate HMS Princessa. From 1784 she was employed as a sheer hulk and she was broken up in 1809.
 The Surrey Flying Services AL.1 was a single-engined side-by-side two-seat training biplane built at a UK flying club in 1929. Only one was built but it was flying until the outbreak of war in 1939 and remains in storage.
 HNoMS Ellida was a Royal Norwegian Navy corvette first commissioned 16 May 1849. Cordt Holtermann Valeur was her first commander. The ship was used as a cadet-ship until 1864 and sold in 1866.
 Class S8 is a Diesel multiple unit (DMU) made by Hitachi and Hyundai operated by Sri Lanka Railways. It was imported to Sri Lanka in 1991 and according to the website Sri Lanka Railways Info Page is the best diesel multiple unit ever imported to Sri Lanka.
 The Honda Concerto is an automobile co-developed by Honda and the Austin Rover Group derived from the Civic and introduced on June 15 1988 produced from then until 1994.Named for the musical composition and primarily designed for European tastes the Concerto was the successor to the Honda Ballade and the Honda Integra which was discontinued for the European Market owing to its unpopularity.
 The Upholder/Victoria-class submarines also known as the Type 2400 (due to their displacement of 2400 tonnes) are diesel-electric Fleet submarines designed in the UK in the late 1970s to supplement the Royal Navy's nuclear submarine force.They were decommissioned with the end of the Cold War after a short length of service in the Royal Navy. In 1998 Canada purchased the submarines and a suite of trainers from the Royal Navy to replace the decommissioned Oberon class of submarines.
 The Ford Transit Connect is a compact panel van/Compact Minivan developed by Ford Europe and designed by Peter Horbury introduced in 2002 to replace the older Ford Escort and Fiesta-based Courier van ranges which had ceased production in the same year. It has been imported to the North American market since the 2010 model year.
 SMS Derfflinger was a battlecruiser of the German Kaiserliche Marine built just before the outbreak of World War I. She was the lead vessel of her class of three ships; her sister ships were Lützow and Hindenburg. The Derfflinger-class battlecruisers were larger and featured significant improvements over the previous German battlecruisers in terms of armament armor protection and cruising range.
 The Italian Alenia Aeronautica Sky-Y is a self-financed MALE Unmanned air vehicle for demonstration and research purpose; on 30 October 2007 it set a new European endurance record in the over 1000 kg category with a spotless eight-hour flight.
 Fournier RF-10 is a two-seat motor glider designed by René Fournier in 1985. The aircraft is a further development of the RF-9 and incorporated plastic and carbon-fiber structures.The aircraft has also been license manufactured in Brazil as the AMT 100 Ximango.
 The Payne I.C.1 was a primary glider built by members of a University gliding club in 1930. It was finished and prepared for flight but was damaged by wind and repairs were never completed.
 The Great Western Railway 3200 Class (or 'Earl' Class) was a design of 4-4-0 steam locomotive for passenger train work. The nickname for this class was Dukedog since the locomotives were composed of former Duke Class boilers on Bulldog Class frames. As such they were one of the last steam locomotive classes to retain outside frames.
 Quedagh Merchant also known as the Cara Merchant and Adventure Prize was an Indian merchant vessel owned by a man named Coirgi. The ship was captured by Scottish privateer William Captain Kidd on 30 January 1698. After this ship's capture Kidd attempted a return to New York to share in the treasure with the Governor of that colony then on to England to pay off his backers.
 HMS Superb was a 64-gun third-rate ship of the line of the British Royal Navy. She had previously been Le Superbe a 56-gun warship of the French Navy until her capture off Lizard Point by HMS Kent in July 1710. Commissioned into the Royal Navy in September 1710 HMS Superb served throughout Queen Anne's War and the War of the Quadruple Alliance during which she participated in the destruction of the Spanish fleet at the Battle of Cape Passaro in 1718. She was broken up in 1732.
 USS Madison (DD-425) was a Benson-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She the third Navy ship of that name and the first named for Commander James J. Madison (1888–1922) who was awarded the Medal of Honor during World War I.Madison was laid down on 19 September 1938 by the Boston Navy Yard; launched on 20 October 1939; sponsored by Mrs. Ethel Madison Meyn widow of Commander Madison; and commissioned on 6 August 1940 Lieutenant Commander T. E. Boyce in command.
 The Amrit class of victualling barge is a pair of yardcraft built by The Peoples Engineering & Motor Works Ltd Salkia Howrah for the Indian Navy.
 German submarine U-247 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 16 December 1942 at the Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft yard at Kiel as 'werk' 681 launched on 23 September 1943 and commissioned on 23 October under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Gerhard Matschulat.In two patrols she sank one ship of 207 GRT.She was sunk by Canadian warships in September 1944.
 USS Washington was a large row galley with a rowing crew of 60 that was placed into service under the control of the Continental Congress in 1776. During this age of sail row galleys were highly maneuverable compared to sailing ships whose movements were dependent on the wind. Washington's war record consisted of an attack on several British warships and after finding itself on the losing side of the battle the row galley rowed away out of danger.
 The Tsaplya class LCAC (Project 1206.1 Murena) was a medium size assault hovercraft operated by the Russian Navy.
 USS Oceanside (LSM-175) was one of 558 LSM-1-class landing ship medium (a form of amphibious assault ship) built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named for the town of Oceanside California she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.Originally laid down as LCT (7)–1675 on 11 July 1944 at the Charleston Navy Yard she was launched on 3 August 1944 sponsored by Miss Emily V. Jackson; and commissioned on 25 September 1944 as USS LSM-175.
 German submarine U-422 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She carried out one patrol. She was a member of one wolfpack. She did not sink or damage any ships.She was sunk by an American aircraft north of the Azores in October 1943.
 HMS Bacchante (F69) was a Leander-class frigate of the Royal Navy. Bacchante was built by Vickers on the Tyne launched on 29 February 1968 and commissioned on 17 October 1969.
 The Citroën Traction Avant (French pronunciation: ​[tʁaksjɔ̃ aˈvɑ̃]) is an automobile which was produced by the French manufacturer Citroën from 1934 to 1957. About 760000 units were produced.
 The Bee was a ship that sank off the coast of Newcastle Australia in 1806.The Bee an 11 ton sloop was under the command of Thomas Bryant when it set sail from Sydney Australia for the Hawkesbury River on 25 June 1806. On 28 June the ship ran into a storm that shifted the ballast damaged the rigging and mast. All the food was washed overboard and the water barrell was smashed. On 29 June the storm abated and the Bee joined with another small ship the Contest on the way to Newcastle.
 The Tebaldi-Zari was an Italian fighter prototype of 1919. The Breda company later acquired the rights to it.
 The Aero A.102 was a Czechoslovakian fighter aircraft that flew in prototype form in 1934. It was developed in response to a Czech Air Force requirement of that year but was passed over in favour of the Avia B.35.The A.102 was of gull winged monoplane configuration with tailwheel undercarriage and was perhaps inspired by the successful PZL P.11.
 Southern Pacific Railroad's AC-11 class of cab forward steam locomotives was the seventh class of 4-8-8-2 locomotives ordered by Southern Pacific (SP) from Baldwin Locomotive Works; SP was so pleased with the AC-10 class built a year earlier that the railroad began placing orders for AC-11s while the AC-10s were still being built and delivered.
 USS Medea (AKA-31) was an Artemis-class attack cargo ship named after the minor planet 212 Medea which in turn was named for a mythical enchantress who helped Jason win the Golden Fleece. USS Medea served as a commissioned ship for 15 months. Medea (AKA-31) was laid down under Maritime Commission contract 5 August 1944 by Walsh–Kaiser Co. Inc. Providence RI; launched 30 November 1944; sponsored by Mrs. A. C. Clarke; and commissioned 10 January 1945 Lt. Comdr. Wesley A.
 The Dickey E-Racer also called the Sierra Delta E-Racer is an American homebuilt aircraft that was designed by Shirl Dickey and produced by Shirl Dickey Enterprises of Phoenix Arizona first flown in 1984. When it was available the aircraft was supplied in the form of plans for amateur construction with some parts available to facilitate faster construction.
 HMS Alamein (D17) was a Later or 1943 Battle-class fleet destroyer of the British Royal Navy. She was named in honour of the Battle of El Alamein which took place in 1942 during the Second World War between Commonwealth forces and the German Afrika Korps.Alamein was built by R. & W. Hawthorn Leslie & Company Limited on the Tyne. She was launched on 12 May 1945 and commissioned on the on 20 March 1946.
 The Panhard Dyna Z was a lightweight motor car made by Panhard of France. It was first presented to the press at a Paris restaurant named Les Ambassadeurs on 17 June 1953 and went into production the following year. In 1959 it was replaced by the Panhard PL 17.
 The second USS Ballard (DD-267/AVD-10) was a Clemson-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was named for Edward J. Ballard.
 The Cadillac CTS-V is a version of the Cadillac CTS. The CTS-V series includes three body styles all of which feature a pushrod OHV V-8 engine and a sport-tuned suspension. The 4-door CTS-V sedan was introduced in 2004 and the CTS-V sport wagon and coupe were introduced in 2010 for the 2011 model year. The sedan competes in the North American consumer market against other high-performance luxury sedans as the Audi RS6 BMW M5 and Mercedes E63 AMG.
 CSS Tennessee was a casemate ironclad ram built for the Confederate Navy during the American Civil War. She served as the flagship of Admiral Franklin Buchanan commander of the Mobile Squadron after commissioning. The ship was captured by the Union Navy during the Battle of Mobile Bay in 1864 and commissioned to participate in the subsequent Siege of Fort Morgan. She was decommissioned after the end of the war and sold for scrap in 1867.
 Tor Viking is an icebreaker and anchor handling tugowned and operated by Norwegian company Trans Viking but registered in Sweden.She has two sister ships the Balder Viking and the Vidar Viking.She has been employed supplying offshore Arctic petroleum drilling expedition.In late January 2010 the Swedish Maritime Administration called for the Vidar Viking and the Tor Viking to serve as icebreakers in the Baltic Sea.The vessels are chartered on a contingency bases; Trans Viking's parent company Transatlanticis paid a basic flat fee for the vessels to be available within ten days without regard to whether they are used. 
 The T-68 is a model of light rail passenger vehicle. It is part of the Firema range of vehicles built specifically as a high-floor articulated bi-directional tram to operate solely on the Metrolink system in Greater Manchester England.
 The Pilatus P-4 was a Swiss five-seat cabin monoplane designed and built by Pilatus but had little sales success.
 The Aerolab LoCamp is an Italian amateur-built aircraft designed and produced by Aerolab SRL of Gallarate. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction although the company plans to also certify the aircraft to JAR-VLA as well as produce a light-sport aircraft category version.
 The Porcupine-class sailing sixth rates were a series of ten 24-gun post ships built to a 1776 design by John Williams that served in the Royal Navy during the American Revolutionary War. Some survived to serve again in the French Revolutionary and the Napoleonic Wars. The first two were launched in 1777. Three were launched in 1778 three more in 1779 and the last two in 1781.
 Aso class patrol vessel is a class of PL type patrol vessel of the Japan Coast Guard. PL stands for Patrol vessel Large and the class name Aso is named after Mount Asothe largest active volcano in Japan.This class is one of the new patrol vessel classes to intercept spy boats of DPRK. These classes are called 高速高機能大型巡視船 High-speed high-functionality patrol vessel large.
 HMS Rippon was a 74-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 8 August 1812 at Bursledon.
 Six Earnest-class destroyers served with the Royal Navy: Earnest Griffon Locust Panther Seal and Wolf. These ships were all built by Cammell Laird and were part of the class of 'thirty knotters'.Concern about the higher speeds of foreign boats had prompted to Admiralty to order new destroyers capable of 30 knots (56 km/h) rather than the 27 knots (50 km/h) requirement which had been standard.
 German submarine U-55 was a Type VIIB U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was ordered on 16 July 1937 and laid down on 2 November 1938 at Krupp Germaniawerft in Kiel as Werk 590. Launched on 19 October 1939 she went into service on 21 November 1939 under the command of Kapitänleutnant (Kptlt.) Werner Heidel.
 The Ægir class Offshore Patrol vessel is a class of two vessels serving in the Icelandic Coast Guard (ICG). They participated in the two latter Cod Wars.The vessels conduct EEZ patrol Search and Rescue Fishery inspections general Law Enforcement and Counter-terrorism operations in Icelandic waters and the waters of the surrounding territories such as Greenland and Jan Mayen.
 USS Barbour County (LST-1195) was the seventeenth ship of the Newport-class tank landing ships of the United States Navy.Named after Barbour County Alabama she was laid down on 7 November 1970 at San Diego California by the National Steel and Shipbuilding Corporation and launched on 15 May 1971 sponsored by Mrs. J. Victor Smith. Commissioned at the Long Beach Naval Shipyard on 3 February 1972 Comdr. John G. Schimming in command.
 The first USS George Washington was a sloop in the United States Navy. She was named after President George Washington.George Washington was built as a merchant vessel at Providence R.I. in 1793; purchased by the Congress at Providence 12 October 1798 from John Brown and John Francis for use in the developing undeclared naval war (the so-called Quasi-War) with France and converted to a warship under the supervision of Captain Silas Talbot with Captain Patrick Fletcher in command.
 The E233 series (E233系) is a commuter and suburban electric multiple unit (EMU) train type developed by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) from the earlier E231 series and the E531 series design.
 INS Vijeta (K84) was a Vidyut class missile boat of the Indian Navy.
 USS Grampus (SS-523) a Tench-class submarine was the seventh ship of the United States Navy to be named for two members of the dolphin family (Delphinidae): Grampus griseus also known as Risso's dolphin and orca also known as the Killer Whale. Her keel was laid down on 8 February 1944 at Boston Navy Yard. She was launched on 16 December 1944 but World War II ended before she was completed and she sat idle until construction resumed in 1948.
 The Via Mare is a ro-pax ship which is owned and operated by Baltic Scandinavian Lines.
 The Junon was a Gloire class 40-gun frigate of the French Navy.On 10 November 1808 under capitaine de frégate Rousseau she departed for Martinique along with Vénus Amphitrite Cygne and Papillon. The squadron broke apart the next day and she found herself isolated.
 MV Hrossey is a NorthLink Ferries vehicle and passenger ferry based in Aberdeen. With her sister ship MV Hjaltland she operates a daily ferry service between mainland Scotland and the northern archipelagos of Orkney and Shetland.
 The Volvo S80 is an mid-size executive car produced by the Swedish manufacturer Volvo Cars since 1998 introduced to take the place of the rear-wheel-drive Volvo 960 (later S90) saloon in the model range. The Volvo S80 has been built at the Torslanda Works in Gothenburg Sweden. Unlike most Volvo models it did not have an estate version for its first generation. The third generation of the V70 wagon is marketed as the estate version for the second generation of the S80 saloon.
 The Moskva class helicopter carriers were the first operational Soviet Navy aircraft carriers. The Soviet designation was Project 1123 Kondor. These ships were laid down at Nikolayev South (Shipyard No.444). The lead vessel was launched in 1965 and named Moskva; she entered commission two years later. Moskva was followed by Leningrad which was commissioned in late 1968; there were no further vessels built reportedly due to the poor handling of the ships in rough seas.
 The Namaqualand 0-4-2ST Pioneer of 1901 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape Colony.In 1901 the Namaqua Copper Company acquired its first locomotive a 0-4-2 saddle-tank shunting engine named Pioneer for use on its tramway line between its main mine at Tweefontein and Flat Mine at Concordia.
 The Jamaican Coast Guard operates three County Class Offshore Patrol Vessels based on theDamen Stan 4207 design of patrol vessels.The three vessels are the HMJS Cornwall HMJS Middlesex and HMJS Surrey.
 SS Sirius was a Norwegian iron-hulled steamship built in Germany in 1885. Sirius spent over 55 years sailing with cargo regular passengers and tourists between Norway and Europe and on the Norwegian coast. In 1894-1895 she served a year on the Hurtigruten route on the coast of Norway before reverting to her former duties. Sirius was rebuilt twice the final rebuild in 1927 converting her to a dedicated cargo ship a role which she fulfilled for the rest of her existence.
 HMCS Inch Arran was River-class frigate that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War and again from 1954-1965 when she was converted into a Prestonian-class frigate. She was named after Inch Arran Point in Dalhousie New Brunswick Canada. This was due to the inability of two Allied warships to bear the same name.
 HMNZS Moa (T233) was a Bird class minesweeper of the Royal New Zealand Navy. On 29 January 1943 with her sister ship Kiwi Moa helped ram and wreck the Japanese submarine I-1. At the time Moa was under the command of Lieutenant Commander Peter Phipps later Vice Admiral Sir Peter Phipps. On 7 April 1943 Japanese aircraft sank Moa at Tulagi Harbour in the Solomon Islands. The ship sustained a direct hit from a 500-pound bomb and sank within four minutes.
 German submarine U-475 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She carried out four patrols. She sank one warship and damaged another.She was scuttled in May 1945 and broken up in 1947.
 TVS Flame was a 125 cc motorcycle developed by TVS Motors. It was launched in the Indian market in January 2008 and discontinued in 2012 after TVS launched the Phoenix.
 The D platform or D-body was an automobile platform designation used from at least 1936 until 1996 and exclusive to GM's most luxurious brands; Cadillac and Buick. It was closely related to the GM B platform and C platform. For the majority of its existence the D-Body represented the largest Cadillac (Fleetwood Series 75 or the Fleetwood Limousine).
 The Emerald Coast XL2 Sport is an American powered parachute that was designed and produced by Emerald Coast Aircraft.The aircraft is no longer in production.
 The Yamaha TZR125 is a 2 stroke 125 cc sports motorcycle made for the European South American and South East Asian markets which uses the YPVS. The TZR125 was produced from 1987 and spanned two generations until the late 1990s each with a number of variants and sub variants.
 The first USS Juniata was a sloop of war in the United States Navy during the American Civil War.Juniata was named for the Juniata River. She was launched at Philadelphia Navy Yard on 20 March 1862; sponsored by Miss Angela Turner; and commissioned there on 4 December Commander John M. B. Glitz in command. Juniata was one of four sister ships which included Adirondack Housatonic and Ossipee.
 The Standard class 6 otherwise known as the Clan Class was a class of 4-6-2 Pacific tender steam locomotive designed by Robert Riddles for use by British Railways. Ten locomotives were constructed between 1951 and 1952 with a further 15 planned for construction.
 The Martinsyde G.100 Elephant and the G.102 were British fighter bomber aircraft of the First World War built by Martinsyde.It gained the name Elephant from its relatively large size and lack of manoeuvrability.
 HMS Totem was a Group 3 T-class submarine of the Royal Navy which entered service in the last few months of World War II. To-date she is the only ship of the Royal Navy to have been named Totem.Totem was sold to Israel in 1965 and commissioned into the Israeli Sea Corps in 1967 as INS Dakar. She sank whilst on passage from the United Kingdom to Israel in January 1968.
 The Fiat 8 hp is a car produced by the Italian manufacturer Fiat in 1901. The car has a straight-2 engine rated at 8 hp and a top speed of 45 kilometres per hour (28 mph).
 USS LST-1044 was an LST-542-class tank landing ship in the United States Navy. Like many of her class she was not named and is properly referred to by her hull designation.
 Bajaj Platina is a 100 cc motorcycle manufactured by Bajaj Auto. The Platina was launched in April 2006 at an ex-showroom price of Rs 35000 and crossed sales of 500000 units within eight months of its launch. A 125 DTS-Si variant with the same engine as the XCD was introduced in September 2008 with sales of more than 30000 units per month but subsequently discontinued
 The London Brighton and South Coast Railway E6 Class is a class of 0-6-2Tside tank steam locomotive designed by Robert Billinton. They were introduced in 1904 and were a development of the E5 class with smaller driving wheels intended for heavy short and medium-distance freight trains.
 The Mudry CAP 10 is a two-seat training aerobatic aircraft first built in 1970 and still in production in 2007.The plane was developed from the Piel Super Emeraude and was born as the CP100. The name changed to CAP 10 CAP for 'Constructions Aéronautiques Parisiennes'. The CAP 10 was manufactured by Mudry (name of its designer) in Bernay France bought by CAP Industries which then became Apex Aircraft.
 The Harakka (European Magpie) was a primary glider produced for pilot training in Finland in the 1940s. Its design was typical of this class of aircraft a keel with a pilot's seat suspended beneath a high strut-braced monoplane wing and carrying a conventional empennage at the end of an open framework.
 USRC General Green was one of the first ten cutters operated by the US Revenue Cutter Service. She was named for the Revolutionary War hero Major General Nathanael Greene and note that her name was misspelled probably by the man who oversaw her construction the Collector of Customs in Philadelphia Sharp Delany. Apparently the cutter was to have been originally named for the Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton but Delany changed the name for reasons unknown.
 The Tokyo Metro 07 series (東京地下鉄07系 Tōkyō Chikatetsu 07-kei) is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by Tokyo Metro on the Tokyo Metro Tōzai Line in Tokyo Japan.
 German submarine U-219 was a Type XB submarine of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.The U-boat was laid down on 31 May 1941 at the Germaniawerft yard at Kiel as 'werk' 625 launched on 6 October 1942 and commissioned on 12 December 1942 under the command of Korvettenkapitän Walter Burghagen.
 USS Patrol No. 5 (SP-29) often rendered as USS Patrol #5 was an armed motorboat that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1919.Patrol No. 5 was built as a private motorboat of the same name in 1916 by Britt Brothers at Lynn Massachusetts. She was one of five motorboats built to the same design for private owners by Britt Brothers as part of the civilian Preparedness Movement program with an understanding that they would enter U.S.
 The Dudek V-1 Sportplane is a low wing conventional landing gear homebuilt aircraft developed from the Piper J-2 Cub.
 The Nissan Leopard is a line of luxury sports cars built by Japanese carmaker Nissan. The Leopard began life in 1980 and was discontinued in 1999. Leopards were initially based on the Japanese market Nissan Skyline and Nissan Laurel and the American Datsun 910/Nissan Maxima then later based on the chassis of their Nissan Cedric and Nissan Gloria contemporaries and were rear wheel drive.
 HMS Patriot was a Dutch schuyt that the Royal Navy captured in 1808 and took into service. She captured several enemy vessels before she was converted to a water vessel in 1813. The Admiralty sold her in 1815.
 USS Timmerman (DD-828/EDD-828/AG-152) was a Gearing-class destroyer; an advanced-design vessel constructed for the U.S. Navy in 1954. After four years of design testing and sea trials Timmerman was no longer needed and was scrapped.Timmerman was originally planned as a Gearing-class destroyer in the United States Navy. Work was temporarily suspended on 7 January 1946 at 45.5% completion. She was later completed as an experimental destroyer EDD-828.
 The second USS Newton (ID-4306/IX-33) was a training ship in the United States Navy.Newton was built in 1919 by L. H. Shattuck Inc. Portsmouth New Hampshire and acquired by the U.S. Navy from the United States Shipping Board on 2 October 1922.
 The EMD LWT12 was an experimental diesel locomotive built by General Motors Electro-Motive Division (EMD) between 1956 and 1958 and designed to pull light high-speed passenger trains. Power was provided by an EMD 567C 12-cylinder engine which produced 1200 horsepower (890 kW).
 The Soko J-22 Orao (Eagle) is a Yugoslav twin-engined subsonic ground-attack and reconnaissance aircraft. It was designed as a single-seat main attack version or as a combat capable two-seat version for advanced flying and weapon training. It was developed as a joint Yugoslav-Romanian project in the 1970s for the air forces of both nations SOKO built it in Yugoslavia and Avioane Craiova built it as the IAR-93 Vultur in Romania.
 The NYK Virgo is a container ship owned by the Barlett Marine Corp.
 USS Goldcrest (AM-78) was a minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.
 The Lockheed Martin C-130J Super Hercules is a four-engine turboprop military transport aircraft. The C-130J is a comprehensive update of the venerable Lockheed C-130 Hercules with new engines flight deck and other systems. The Hercules family has the longest continuous production run of any military aircraft in history. During more than 50 years of service the family has participated in military civilian and humanitarian aid operations.
 The Gloster Javelin was a twin-engined all-weather interceptor aircraft that served with Britain's Royal Air Force in the late 1950s and most of the 1960s. It was a T-tailed delta-wing aircraft designed for night and all-weather operations and was the last aircraft design to bear the Gloster name. It was succeeded in the interceptor role by the supersonic English Electric Lightning.
 USS Goldfinch (AM-77) was a minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.Goldfinch was built as trawler Fordham in 1929 by Bath Iron Works of Bath Maine and purchased by the Navy 18 September 1940 from F. J. O'Hara & Sons Inc. Boston Massachusetts. She was converted to a minesweeper at Bethlehem Atlantic Yard Boston and commissioned at Boston Navy Yard 30 January 1941 Lt. Comdr. W. R.
 The Type 42 or Sheffield class are light guided missile destroyers used by the Royal Navy and the Argentine Navy. The first ship of the class was ordered in 1968 and launched in 1971. Two of the class (Sheffield and Coventry) were sunk in action during the Falklands Conflict of 1982. The UK Royal Navy used this class of destroyer for 38 years between 1975 and 2013.No ships of this class remain active in the Royal Navy and just one remains in the Argentine Navy.
 Hr1 class (original classification P1) was the largest passenger express steam locomotive built in Finland. Twenty-two were built between the years 1937–1957. They were numbered 1000-1021In the thirties there was a need for faster and heavier express trains in Finland and the Hv1 - Hv3 classes were not powerful enough to fill the need. Lokomo Oy in Tampere built first two prototypes and after successful trials 20 more were built.
 HMS Delhi was a Danae class cruiser that served with the Royal Navy in the Baltic and in World War II. She was laid down in 1917 (launched in 1919) and scrapped in 1948 after war service in the Atlantic and Mediterranean.
 The XP-56 Black Bullet was a unique prototype fighter interceptor built by Northrop. It was one of the most radical of the experimental aircraft built during World War II. Ultimately it was unsuccessful and did not enter series production.
 The Aeros del Sur Manta is an Argentine ultralight trike designed and produced by Aeros del Sur. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 Clara Brown was a sternwheel steamboat of the Puget Sound Mosquito Fleet which operated from the late 1880s to the early 1900s and possibly as late as 1930.
 Lodbrog is a 10243 GT cable laying ship that was built as a freight ferry. She was built in 1983 as Siegelberg and completed in 1985 for Romanian owners as Tuzla. In 1996 she was renamed Bolero. The ship was renamed Lodbrog after conversion to a cable layer in 2001.
 The Alliance P.2 Seabird was a British single-engined long-range biplane designed by J.A. Peters to enter the Daily Mail £10000 Atlantic Flight Prize. In the end it did not compete but became the first aircraft to fly from London (Acton) to Madrid non-stop on 31 July 1919.
 The 8500 8510 and 8520 classes are three related types of EMU used by Iarnród Éireann on the DART network in Dublin. The total fleet numbers a total of 17 four-car trains all of which were constructed by the Tokyu Car Corporation.
 SS Buresk was a 4337-ton steamship built by Richardson Duck and Company Thornaby-on-Tees for Burdick and Cook London in 1914. She was captured by SMS Emden while on her way to Hong Kong with a cargo of coal. As a prize she was retained and used as a prison ship and collier. Under command of Lt-Cdr R. Klöpper she coaled Emden near the Nicobar Islands on 26 October. While approaching the Cocos (Keeling) Islands to coal Emden again she was chased by HMAS Sydney after Emden was sunk.
 The PA-25 Pawnee was an agricultural aircraft produced by Piper Aircraft between 1959 and 1981. It remains a widely used aircraft in agricultural spraying and is also used as a tow plane or tug for launching gliders or for towing banners. In 1988 the design rights and support responsibility were sold to Latino Americana de Aviación of Argentina.
 The first USS Arcadia (SP-856) was a motorboat that may have seen brief service as a United States Navy patrol vessel in late 1918.Arcadia was built as a private wooden motorboat of the same name in 1915 by Frank S. Terry at Brooklyn New York. In 1917 the U.S. Navy chartered her from her owner for use as a section patrol boat during World War I and took delivery of her on 8 October 1918.
 The Wibault Wib 210 C.1 was a single engine single seat low wing monoplane fighter aircraft designed and built in France in the late 1920s. Flight tests revealed vibration problems and development was quickly abandoned.
 HMS Nonsuch was a 64-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 17 December 1774 at Plymouth. She was broken up in 1802.
 The MT Timofey Guzhenko (Russian: Тимофей Гуженко) is a Russian double acting shuttle tanker operated by Sovcomflot. An icebreaking oil tanker capable of operating independently in 1.5-metre (5 ft) level ice she carries oil from Varandey Oil Terminal an ice-strengthened loading tower located 12 nautical miles (22 km) from the shore.The ship is named after Timofey Guzhenko (1918–2008) the USSR Minister of Merchant Marine in 1970–1986 and one of the founders of the Sovcomflot Group.
 HSwMS Gotland was a seaplane cruiser of the Swedish Navy built by Götaverken.The design of the ship started out in December 1926 as a seaplane carrier with room for twelve aircraft. When presented with the design Sweden's Naval Construction Board decided that it wanted the ship to have cruiser and minelaying functions as well as operating as a seaplane carrier. The resulting 5000-ton design presented in January 1927 proved impossible to build within the available budget of Sk16.5 million.
 The AEC Reliance was a single-deck bus or coach chassis with a mid-underfloor-mounted engine built by AEC in Southall west London England between 1953 and 1979. The name had previously been used between 1928 and 1931 for another single-deck bus chassis.Two prototypes were completed in 1953 one with Duple coach bodywork and one with Park Royal bus bodywork. Production vehicles entered service from 1954.
 The Lohner B.I was a military reconnaissance aircraft produced in Austria-Hungary during World War I. As Lohner strove to perfect the design a variety of increasingly powerful engines were fitted reflected in a range of military designations from B.II through to B.VI until the definitive B.VII was finally produced.
 HMS Arrow was an A class destroyer of the Royal Navy. She served during the Second World War before being damaged while fighting a fire on an ammunition ship and written off in 1943.
 The Experiment was a 186 ton sailing ship built in 1802 in Georgia United States of America.Under the command of Joseph Dodds she sailed from Cork Ireland on 21 January 1809 with 60 female convicts. She arrived at Port Jackson on 25 June 1809. No convicts died on the voyage. Experiment left Port Jackson on 11 July bound for Bengal.
 USS Tonawanda was a double-turreted coastal monitor built by the Philadelphia Navy Yard launched on 6 May 1864; and commissioned on 12 October 1865 Commander William Ronckendorff in command.The Tonawanda was designed by Chief of Naval Engineering John Lenthall. Lenthall actually designed four monitors at that time. The Monadnock and the Agamenticus were the first and are considered the two Monadnock-class vessels.
 The Abnaki-class is a class of United States Navy fleet ocean tugs which began construction in November 1942. The class comprises 22 ocean going tugboats. The ships were constructed in response to the needs of World War II but members of the class served in the Korean War and Vietnam War as well. The Navy no longer has any ships of this class in active duty.
 HMS Defence was the lead ship of the Defence-class armoured frigates ordered by the Royal Navy in 1859. Upon completion in 1862 she was assigned to the Channel Fleet. The ship was paid off in 1866 to refit and be re-armed and was briefly reassigned to the Channel Fleet again when she recommissioned in 1868. Defence had brief tours on the North Atlantic and Mediterranean Stations relieving other ironclads from 1869 to 1872 before she was refitted again from 1872 to 1874.
 SS Maritime Victory hull number 821 VC2-S-AP2/WSAT was an American Army transport which saw duty just after World War II. The ship was launched on Tuesday 22 May 1945. The sponsor was J. Buell Snyder wife of Congressman Snyder. She was launched from the Bethlehem-Fairfield Shipyards and later delivered on 18 June 1945 then transferred to the Army War Department as an Army Transport.
 The Rambler (later AMC) Marlin is a two-door mid-sized fastback car made in the United States by the American Motors Corporation (AMC) from 1965 to 1967. A halo model for the company it was marketed as a personal luxury car.The fastback roof design was previewed on the 1964 Rambler Tarpon show car based on the compact Rambler American.
 HMS Splendid was a Royal Navy nuclear-powered fleet submarine of the Swiftsure class. HMS Splendid was launched at Barrow on 5 October 1979 by Lady Eberle wife of Admiral Sir James Eberle then Commander-in-Chief Fleet.
 USS Belle Isle (AG-73/AKS-21) was a Basilan-class miscellaneous auxiliary acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. Belle Isle was configured as a repair ship and used in Pacific Ocean operations. At war’s end she was converted to a stores ship before being finally decommissioned.
 The second USS Wandank (ATA-204) originally USS ATA-204 was a United States Navy auxiliary ocean tug in commission from 1945 to 1947 and again from 1952 to 1971.
 HNLMS Piet Hein (Dutch: Hr.Ms. Piet Hein) was a Evertsen-class coastal defence ship of the Royal Netherlands Navy.
 National Geographic Explorer is a small passenger vessel in the Lindblad Expeditions fleet. She can accommodate 148 guests. The ship is equipped with extra hull plating to withstand higher ice breaking tolerances.
 The Zubr-class (Project 1232.2 class NATO reporting name Pomornik) is a class of air-cushioned landing craft of Soviet design. This class of military hovercraft is as of 2012 the world’s largest hovercraft. It is designed to sealift landing assault units (such as marines or tanks) from equipped/non-equipped vessels to non-equipped shore as well as transport and plant mines.There are currently nine ships in active service in the world.
 USS Merito (SP-279) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission in 1917.Merito was built by Swazey Raymond and Page. The U.S. Navy acquired her from her owner B. C. Dunlap of New York City on a free lease basis on 23 May 1917 for World War I service as a patrol vessel. She was commissioned on either 1 July 1917 or 11 July 1917 as USS Merito (SP-279).Assigned to the 3rd Naval District Merito was employed as a section patrol boat.Merito was returned to Dunlap on 19 December 1917.
 USS Nahant (YN-102/AN-83) was the third ship to be named Nahant. Originally the ship was authorized as YN-102 it was reclassified AN–83 on 20 January 1944; laid down 31 March 1945 by the Commercial Iron Works Portland Oregon; launched 30 June 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Hazel H. Childs; and commissioned 24 August 1945 Ensign R. F. Cella in command.
 The Bristol Buckmaster was an advanced British training aircraft operated by the Royal Air Force during the 1950s.
 The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) Class G2A was a class of 0-8-0 steam locomotives. They were upgraded from LNWR Class G1 principally by the fitting of a higher pressure boiler. Some of the G2As subsequently received lower pressure boilers on overhaul taking them back into Class G1.
 The Aeros UL-2000 Flamingo is a Czech ultralight aircraft designed produced by Aeros SRO (CZ) of Kutná Hora. It was introduced at the Aero show held in Friedrichshafen in 2001.
 USS Varian (DE-798) was a Buckley-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy named in honor of Ensign Bertram S. Varian Jr. (1920–1942) a naval aviator who was killed in action in the Battle of Midway.Varian was laid down on 27 August 1943 at Orange Texas by the Consolidated Steel Corp.; launched on 6 November 1943; sponsored by Mrs. Arnold F. Brunkow sister of the late Ens. Varian; and commissioned on 29 February 1944 Lieutenant Commander C. W.
 The Mitsubishi A5M Japanese Navy designation was Type 96 carrier-based fighter (九六式艦上戦闘機) was a Japanese carrier-based fighter aircraft. It was the world's first monoplane shipboard fighter and the direct ancestor of the famous Mitsubishi A6M 'Zero'. The Allied reporting name was Claude.
 HMS Broke was a Faulknor-class destroyer leader of the Royal Navy initially built for the Chilean Navy as the Almirante Lynch-class destroyer Almirante Goñi. The outbreak of the First World War led to her being purchased by the Admiralty in August 1914 shortly after her launching and renamed HMS Broke.
 The second USS Terrier (SP-960) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Terrier was built as a private motorboat of the same name in 1917 for Paul Armstrong of Chicago Illinois by the Great Lakes Boat Building Corporation at Milwaukee Wisconsin. Armstrong had her built to a design intended specifically for naval patrol work in connection with the Preparedness Movement and turned her over to the Navy in 1917 for use as a section patrol boat during World War I.
 HMCS Bras d'Or was an auxiliary minesweeper that served in the Royal Canadian Navy between 1939 and 1940 when it sank with all hands in a storm. Previous to its service in the RCN it served as Lightship No. 25 in the Department of Marine and Fisheries (Canada).
 USS Cowanesque (AO-79) was a Type T2-SE-A1 Suamico-class fleet oiler of the United States Navy during World War II.The ship was built by the Sun Shipbuilding and Drydock Co. in Chester Pennsylvania as hull number 315 and USMC number 308 in 1943. Launched on 11 March 1943 as SS Fort Duquesne sponsored by Mrs. M. Hitchner; the ship was acquired by the Navy on 25 March 1943; and commissioned on 1 May 1943 Commander L. S. McKenzie USNR in command.
 The Vanya class were a group of minesweepers built for the Soviet Navy between 1960 and 1973. The Soviet Designation was Project 257.
 See also the 125 S a sports racer sharing the same engineThe 125 F1 was Ferrari's first Formula One car. It shared its engine with the 125 S sports racer which preceded it by a year but was developed at the same time by Enzo Ferrari Valerio Colotti and the famed designer Gioacchino Colombo.
 Dredge Captain Meriwether Lewis is a U.S. National Historic Landmark. The dredge is one of the few surviving examples of its type built to control flooding and improve navigation along the Nation's rivers.
 The SS Clyde Valley was a steamship which achieved notoriety for its role in the Larne gun-running in April 1914.
 German submarine U-771 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was ordered	on 21 November 1940 and was laid down on 21 August 1942 at Kriegsmarinewerft Wilhelmshaven as 'werk 154'. She was launched on 26 September 1943 and commissioned under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Helmut Block on 18 November of that year.
 USS Vallejo (CL-112) was a planned Fargo-class light cruiser of the United States Navy. Construction was authorized on 9 July 1942. The Vallejo was to be built by the New York Shipbuilding Corp. in Camden New Jersey. Due to interference with the construction of other ships including the Worcester-class light cruisers the Vallejo was cancelled on 5 October 1944 before being laid down.
 The Bernard SIMB AB 16 was a three engine five seat utility aircraft designed and built in 1927 for general purpose military work in the French colonies. The Colonial category which led for example to the Bernard 160 was not properly defined until 1930 and the Bernard 16 was not ordered into production. It was the last Bernard aircraft built by the Société Industrielle des Métaux et du Bois (SIMB); later designs were produced by the Société des Avions Bernard.
 City of Washington was an American merchant steamship that aided in rescuing the crew of the USS Maine when it exploded in the harbor of Havana Cuba in 1898.
 The Inflexible (S 615) is the sixth and final of the Redoutable class SNLE (Sous-marin Nucléaire Lanceur d'Engins Nuclear Missile-Launching Submarine) of the Force océanique stratégique (FOST) the submarine nuclear deterrent component of the French Navy.Construction began on 27 March 1980.
 The Champion Freedom Falcon is an American mid-wing T-tailed pusher configuration single-seat motor glider that was designed and constructed by Ken Champion first flying in 1982.
 HMS Carlisle was a C-class light cruiser of the Royal Navy named after the English City of Carlisle. She was the name ship of the Carlisle group of the C-class of cruisers. Carlisle was credited with shooting down eleven Axis aircraft during the Second World War and was the top scoring anti-aircraft ship in the Royal Navy.
 The Mitsubishi Ki-30 (九七式軽爆撃機 Kyunana-shiki keibakugekiki) was a Japanese light bomber of World War II. It was a single-engine mid-wing cantilever monoplane of stressed-skin construction with a fixed tailwheel undercarriage and a long transparent cockpit canopy. The type had significance in being the first Japanese aircraft to be powered by a modern two-row radial engine. During the war it was known by the Allies by the name Ann.
 Shinas is a catamaran ferry in service on the Shinas–Khasab route in Oman reportedly the fastest diesel ferry in the world.
 HMS Chatham was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built at Portsmouth Dockyard to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment as amended in 1752 and launched on 25 April 1758.
 HMS Mars was a 74-gun third-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 25 October 1794 at Deptford Dockyard.
 USS Sioux (ID-1766) was a cargo ship in the United States Navy.Sioux was built in 1916 by the American Ship Building Company Cleveland Ohio was acquired by the U.S. Navy on 1 December 1917 from the Clyde Steamship Co. New York and commissioned the same day as a unit of the Naval Overseas Transportation Service.
 Vega 1 (along with its twin Vega 2) is a Soviet space probe part of the Vega program. The spacecraft was a development of the earlier Venera craft. They were designed by Babakin Space Centre and constructed as 5VK by Lavochkin at Khimki.The craft was powered by twin large solar panels and instruments included an antenna dish cameras spectrometer infrared sounder magnetometers (MISCHA) and plasma probes.
 SS Marine Marlin was a type C4-S-A3 ship built in 1945 by Kaiser Shipyards Vancouver Washington as a troop transport ship with capacity to carry 3485 troops for operation by the War Shipping Agency.In 1946 she was chartered to the United States Lines and fitted to carry 926 tourist class passengers.
 HMCS Edmundston was a Flower-class corvette that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. She served primarily in the Battle of the Atlantic as a convoy escort. She was named for Edmundston New Brunswick.
 The Avro Andover was a 1920s British military transport aircraft built by Avro for the Royal Air Force. Four aircraft were built in two versions. Three aircraft the Type 561 were used as flying ambulances. The sole example of the Type 563 was used as a 12-seater transport.
 German submarine U-275 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 18 January 1942 at the Bremer-Vulkan-Vegesacker Werft (yard) in Bremen as 'werk' 40. She was launched on 8 October 1942 and commissioned on 25 November under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Helmut Bork.In nine patrols she sank two ships of 6024 gross register tons (GRT).
 The Comet railcar is a class of locomotive-hauled railcars that was first designed in the late 1960s by Pullman-Standard as a modern commuter car for North American rail lines. Later the Comet moniker was adopted by New Jersey Transit for all of its non-powered single level commuter coaches. Additional series of cars bearing the Comet name based on the original design have since been built by Bombardier Transportation and Alstom. The successful design was adopted by numerous commuter agencies.
 USS Batfish (SS/AGSS-310) is a Balao-class submarine known primarily for the remarkable feat of sinking three Imperial Japanese Navy submarines in a 76-hour period in February 1945. USS Batfish is the first vessel of the United States Navy to be named for the Batfish a small pediculate fish resembling the stingray.
 During the American Civil War the Union Navy suffered heavy losses from the explosion of Confederate torpedoes. This experience prompted the Union Navy to design and build vessels capable of using this new weapon. One effort along this line resulted in a screw steam torpedo boat originally called Stromboli but later called Spuyten Duyvil after the Spuyten Duyvil area in New York City.
 The Bell Model 30 was the prototype for the first commercial helicopter and the first helicopter built by Bell Aircraft Company. Designed by Arthur M. Young the type served as a demonstration test bed for the successful Model 47.
 USS Howard W. Gilmore (AS-16) was a Fulton-class submarine tender originally named Neptune but renamed Howard W. Gilmore in honor of Commander Howard W. Gilmore a Medal of Honor recipient. She was launched by the Mare Island Navy Yard at Mare Island California on 16 September 1943 sponsored by Mrs. H. W. Gilmore widow of Howard W. Gilmore and was commissioned 24 May 1944 with Captain D. N. Cone in command.
 The Prue 160 was an American mid-wing V-tailed single-seat glider that was designed and built by Irving Prue in 1945.
 MV The Second Snark is a small passenger ferry built in 1938 by William Denny of Dumbarton now operated by Clyde Marine Services on the Firth of Clyde Scotland.
 Ministro Zenteno was a protected cruiser of the Chilean Navy.
 The Mitsubishi 500 was the first passenger car produced after the Second World War by Shin Mitsubishi Heavy-Industries Ltd one of the companies which would become Mitsubishi Motors. It was built from 1960 until 1962 and formed the basis for Mitsubishi's next model the Colt 600. It was exported in small numbers.
 The Suzuki B-King is a naked bike manufactured by Suzukithat was unveiled in 2007. It uses the same 1340 cc (82 cu in) engine that is fitted to the Hayabusa but with different exhaust and inlet systems.The B-King was originally revealed in 2001 as a concept show bike powered by a supercharged Hayabusa engine and fitted with a 240 section rear tire.
 USS John R. Craig (DD-885) was a Gearing-class destroyer. She was named for Lieutenant Commander John R. Craig USN (1906–1943) commanding officer of USS Grampus killed in action when the submarine was sunk by enemy Japanese destroyers in the Blackett Strait on 5 March 1943 and posthumously awarded the Navy Cross.John R. Craig was laid down by the Consolidated Steel Corporation at Orange Texas on 17 November 1944 launched on 14 April 1945 by Mrs.
 USS Orvetta (IX–157) was built for the US Shipping Board as Tampa in 1920 by the Oscar Daniels Co. Tampa Fla. and acquired by the United States Navy on a bareboat charter from the Maritime Commission 4 April 1944. She was renamed Orvetta and converted for military service as a barracks ship by the Matson Navigation Co. San Francisco; and commissioned 7 June 1944 Lt. Comdr. G. L. Armstrong in command.By 18 June Orvetta had reported for duty with Service Force Pacific.
 The CANSA C.6 was a training biplane developed in Italy during World War II. It was intended as an aerobatic intermediate trainer for the Regia Aeronautica and was of conventional tailskid configuration with a single-bay wing cellule with swept outer panels. Two prototypes were constructed the single-seat C.6 and the two-seat C.6B but no production order ensued.
 The Dunne D.8 of 1912 was one of a series of tailless swept wing biplanes designed by J. W. Dunne to have inherent stability. One of the few built was the only Dunne aircraft to fly albeit very briefly with the Royal Flying Corps (RFC). Others were used by the US Signal Corps and United States Navy and the short-lived Canadian Aviation Corps. It was the latter's first and only warplane.
 The NZR WD class was a class of tank locomotive built by Baldwin Locomotive Works to operate on New Zealand's national rail network. Essentially a more advanced version of 1898's WB class the eighteen members of the WD class were ordered in 1901 and most entered service that year though three were not introduced until the start of 1902.
 The Vantuna was a marine research vessel that operated in the Southern California Bight from 1969 until 2007. It served as a tool for coastal research and was a unique platform for Occidental College students to gain first hand experience conducting marine research operations. Scores of students who have worked on the Vantuna have gone on to have careers in marine science.
 Turbostar is the name given to a family of diesel multiple units (DMUs) built by Bombardier Transportation (previously ADtranz) at their Litchurch Lane Works in Derby England. The Turbostar was the first new train type to be introduced after the privatisation of British Rail. The first units were ordered by Chiltern Railways in 1996 and were designated Class 168 (also known as Clubman). Since then the family has grown with the addition of the Class 170 Class 171 and the Class 172.
 The Grob G 120TP is a two seat Turboprop training and aerobatic low-wing aircraft with a composite airframe built by Grob Aircraft. It is based on the Grob G 120A training aircraft and has been developed for military and civil pilots training. It has a retractable tricycle landing gear and a low tailplane.The first customer was the Indonesian Air Force. EASA Part 23 Certification has been completed.
 USS Putnam (DD-287) was a Clemson-class destroyer in the United States Navy following World War I. She was named for Charles Putnam.
 German submarine U-392 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She carried out two patrols. She did not sink or damage any ships. She was sunk by US aircraft and British warships in the Strait of Gibraltar in March 1944.
 The Brumby Aircraft Brumby 600 also known as the Brumby LSA 600 is an Australian single-engined two-seat training or touring cabin monoplane. The aircraft is built by Brumby Aircraft Australia as a production or kit aircraft at Cowra Airport near Cowra New South Wales Australia. Designed to meet regulations governing light sport aircraft (LSA) it was developed from the Goair Trainer.
 The L class were a class of electric locomotives built by English Electric for the Victorian Railways in 1953/54.
 The Fisher FP-606 Sky Baby is a Canadian single-seat conventional landing gear or tricycle landing gear-equipped single engined high-wing monoplane kit aircraft designed for construction by amateur builders. Fisher Flying Products was originally based in Edgeley North Dakota USA but the company is now located in Woodbridge Ontario Canada.
 CSS Acadia is a former hydrographic surveying and oceanographic research ship of the Hydrographic Survey of Canada and its successor the Canadian Hydrographic Service.Acadia served Canada for more than five decades from 1913–1969 charting the coastline of almost every part of Eastern Canada including pioneering surveys of Hudson Bay. She was also twice commissioned into the Royal Canadian Navy (RCN) as HMCS Acadia the only ship still afloat to have served the RCN in both World Wars.
 Energia (Russian: Энергия Energiya Energy) was a Soviet rocket that was designed by NPO Energia to serve as a heavy-lift expendable launch system as well as a booster for the Buran spacecraft. Control system main developer enterprise was the NPO Electropribor.
 The 48s class are a class of diesel locomotives built by AE Goodwin Auburn for the Silverton Tramway in 1960/61.
 USS Muscoota was a 1370-ton Mohongo-class iron double-ender steam gunboat of the United States Navy during the American Civil War. The ship was built at Greenpoint New York and commissioned in January 1865. She was at Norfolk Virginia in May 1865 when ordered to Key West as part of an effort to prevent Confederate President Jefferson Davis escaping abroad.
 USS O-15 (SS-76) was an O-class submarine of the United States Navy. Her keel was laid down on 21 September 1916 by California Shipbuilding Company in Long Beach California.The later O-boats (O-11 through O-16) were designed by Lake Torpedo Boat to different specifications from the earlier ones designed by Electric Boat. They performed much less well and are sometimes considered a separate class.O-15 was launched on 12 February 1918 sponsored by Mrs. J. J.
 Russian Multi-Purpose Salvage Vessels (MPSV06) are a series of three icebreaking salvage vessels one of which is being built in Russia and two that have been ordered from the German shipbuilder Nordic Yards Wismar.The ice class of the vessels assigned by the Russian Maritime Register of Shipping is Icebreaker6. They will have two large cranes for salvage and a landing platform for helicopters.
 The Yamaha XJR400 was a motorcycle manufactured by Yamaha. It is a relatively light naked bike with around 53 hp/ 40 kilowatts. The XJR400 was built from 1990 until 2007.
 The Chevrolet Series C Classic Six is a Brass Era American automobile and is the first ever Chevrolet. It is one of the few Chevrolet's made while record-setting Buick race car driver Louis Chevrolet was with the company. This early Chevy was much larger more powerful more stylized and therefore more expensive than the cars that would ultimately replace it. Louis Chevrolet loved it but William Durant had a cheaper car in mind.
 The Royal class cruise ships will be a class of cruise ships operated by Princess Cruises. The lead vessel of the class Royal Princess was delivered in June 2013 for Princess Cruises. A ship similar to the Royal class ships will be operated by P&O Cruises.
 USS Liguria (AKS-15) was an Acubens-class general stores issue ship commissioned by the U.S. Navy for service in World War II. She was responsible for delivering and disbursing goods and equipment to locations in the war zone. Liguria (AKS-15) was laid down under Maritime Commission contract by the New England Shipbuilding Corporation South Portland Maine 19 September 1944; launched 1 November 1944; sponsored by Mrs.
 The Toyota Sprinter was a compact car manufactured by Toyota as a variant of the Toyota Corolla.
 Alkimos was a Greek-owned merchant ship which was wrecked on the coast north of Perth Western Australia in 1963. A nearby locality was later named after the vessel. The wreck is a popular diving venue and is also reputed to be haunted making it of interest to ghost hunters as it is thought also to be a jinxed ship as it has brought a lot of bad luck to people who have gone on the ship itself.
 The Chevrolet Corvette (C6) is a sports car produced by the Chevrolet division of General Motors introduced for the 2005 model year. The sixth generation Corvette is the first with exposed headlamps since the 1962 model. Production variants include the Z06 ZR1 Grand Sport and 427 Convertible. Racing variants include the C6.R an American Le Mans Series GT1 championship and 24 Hours of Le Mans GTE-Pro winner.
 The Avio Delta Thruster is a Bulgarian ultralight trike designed and produced by Avio Design of Kazanlak. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 The Scania-Vabis L75/L76 was a series of heavy duty trucks produced by Swedish automaker Scania-Vabis between 1958 and 1968.In the spring of 1958 Scania-Vabis introduced a new generation of trucks with newly designed six-cylinder engines stronger chassis components and a new more spacious and comfortable cab. The cab would be used for all conventional trucks until 1980. The largest model called L75 had a ten litre engine. The truck was also offered with a trailing axle.
 Tatra T 163 Jamal (dubbed after the Yamal Peninsula in Siberia) is a heavy truck made by Czech company Tatra. It uses the traditional Tatra concept of rigid backbone tube and swinging half-axles giving independent suspension. The vehicles are available primarily in 6x6 and alternatively also 4x4 variants. It is marketed either as road-legal heavy truck (tipper or semi-trailer truck) or as working machine (to be used i.e. in mines).
 USS Phobos (AK-129) was a Crater-class cargo ship commissioned by the U.S. Navy for service in World War II. She was responsible for delivering troops goods and equipment to locations in the war zone. Phobos (AK–129) was laid down as SS Joseph H. Kibbey under Maritime Commission contract by Houston Shipbuilding Corp. Houston Texas 25 September 1943; launched 6 November 1943; sponsored by Mrs. J. S.
 USS Ford (FFG-54) an Oliver Hazard Perry-class frigate is a ship of the United States Navy named for Gunner's Mate Patrick O. Ford (1942–1968). Ford was awarded the Navy Cross posthumously for his heroism as a patrol river boatman in the Vietnam War. A description of Gunner's Mate Ford's actions can be found here.Ford was laid down by Todd Pacific Shipyards Corp. in San Pedro California on 11 July 1983.
 The third HMS Illustrious of the British Royal Navy was a Majestic-class pre-dreadnought battleship. Commissioned in 1898 she was assigned to the Mediterranean Fleet until 1904. Transferred to the Channel Fleet (which was subsequently reorganised to the Atlantic Fleet) she underwent a refit which was duly completed in early 1906. Rendered obsolete by the emergence of the new dreadnoughts she served with the Home Fleet from 1908.
 INS Sindhukirti (S61) is the seventh Sindhughosh-class diesel-electric submarine of the Indian Navy. She was built at the Admiralty Shipyard and Sevmash in the Soviet Union.Sindukirti was commissioned on January 4 1990. She has been undergoing a medium refit since June 2006 at the Hindustan Shipyard at Vishakapatnam.
 The Panoz Roadster is a sports car launched in 1992 by the American manufacturer Panoz Auto Development Company of Georgia. The Roadster was succeeded by the AIV Roadster in 1997. They were built using aluminum similar to that of the Plymouth Prowler first sold several years later in 1997. The Panoz Roadster was the first American built aluminum intensive vehicle.
 HMS Burford was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built at Chatham Dockyard to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment as amended in 1754 and launched in 1757.Burford was sold out of the navy in 1785.
 The Bánhidi Gerle (Hungarian: Dove) was a two-seat single-engine sport biplane built in Hungary in the early 1930s designed by Antal Bánhidi. It had a conventional layout with staggered single-bay wings of equal span braced by N-struts. The pilot and passenger sat in open cockpits in tandem and the main units of the tailskid undercarriage were divided.
 Kapothaka was a technology demonstrator mini-UAV for reconnaissance. The Kapothaka (also spelled Kapothaha) which means “dove” is believed to be a preceder of Nishant UAV system.
 HMS St George was a 98-gun second rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 14 October 1785 at Portsmouth. In 1793 she captured one of the richest prizes ever. She then participated in the Naval Battle of Hyères Islands in 1795 and took part in the Battle of Copenhagen in 1801. She was wrecked off Jutland in 1811 with the loss of almost all her crew.
 Friendship was a 430 ton merchantman and convict ship that was dispatched in 1799 from Ireland to Australia. Under the command of Hugh Reed she sailed from Cork Ireland on 24 August 1799 with 133 male convicts. She arrived at Port Jackson on 16 February 1800. Nineteen convicts died on the voyage. The Friendship left Port Jackson for Bengal in May 1800.
 The Yokosuka MXY-7 Ohka (櫻花 Ōka cherry blossom; 桜花 in modern shinjitai orthography) was a purpose-built rocket powered human-guided anti-shipping kamikaze attack plane employed by Japan towards the end of World War II. United States sailors gave the aircraft the nickname Baka (Japanese for fool or idiot).
 The second USS Calumet (SP-723) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Calumet was built as a private steam yacht of the same name in 1903 by George Lawley & Son at Neponset Massachusetts. On 9 September 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired her under a free lease from her owner for use as a section patrol boat during World War I. She was commissioned as USS Calumet (SP-723) on 7 December 1917 with Ensign J. J. Phelps USNRF in command.
 The Kate was a wooden carvel screw steamer built in 1883 at Balmain that was twice struck and sunk by Manly ferries.
 The Bell 201 (military designation XH-13F) was a modified Model 47G. The Bell 201/XH-13F was Bell's first helicopter to use a turbine engine. The Bell 201 was built to test components for the new XH-40 Bell Helicopter's prototype for its UH-1 Iroquois.The Bell 201 was powered by one Continental CAE XT51-T-3 turboshaft engine producing 425 shp (317 kW) a license-built development of the Turbomeca Artouste. The 201 first flew on October 20 1954.
 USS Lancaster (AK-193) was an Alamosa-class cargo ship that was constructed by the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. She was declared excess-to-needs and returned to the U.S. Maritime Commission shortly after commissioning.
 HMS Fidelity (D57) was a Special Service Vessel of the British Royal Navy during World War II originally the French merchant vessel La Rhin.
 German submarine U-828 was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during the Second World War. She saw no combat and was scuttled at the end of the war.U-828 was ordered on 8 June 1942 and laid down on 7 August 1943 in Danzig West Prussia. She was launched on 16 March 1944 and commissioned into the Kriegsmarine on June 17 with Oberleutnant zur See Alfred John in command. John remained in command for the remainder of the war.
 SS Alexander Macomb was a Liberty ship of the United States Merchant Marine during World War II. Construction began on Hull 2023 on 18 February 1942 at the Bethlehem-Fairfield Shipyard of the Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation in Baltimore Maryland under Maritime Commission contract 0036. See List of Liberty ships: M-R. The ship was launched on 6 May and her sea trials were completed on 2 June.
 The Medina-class lifeboat was a prototype Rigid Inflatable Boat that was considered by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution of the United Kingdom and Ireland in 1980s. It was based on the design of the B-class (Atlantic 21) lifeboats.The first two boats were funded by The Romsey Trust after an appeal from Lord Mountbatten in 1979. The third boat was funded by the RNLI.
 USS Duncan (DD-874) was a Gearing-class destroyer of the United States Navy the third named for Captain Silas Duncan USN (1788–1834). The ship was laid down by the Consolidated Steel Corporation at Orange Texas on 22 May 1944 launched on 27 October 1944 by Mrs. D. C. Thayer and commissioned on 25 February 1945 Commander P. D. Williams in command. The ship was sunk in 1980.
 The Victoria Louise class of protected cruisers was the last class of ships of that type built for the German Imperial Navy. The class design introduced the combined clipper and ram bow and the blocky sides that typified later German armoured cruisers. The class comprised five vessels Victoria Louise the lead ship Hertha Freya Vineta and Hansa.
 HMS Kent was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched at Blackwall Yard in 1679. She was the second ship of the name. Her first action was as part of the Anglo-Dutch fleet at the Battle of Barfleur it was the start of a very successful career. She gained four Battle Honours fighting the French and Spanish in the Mediterranean in more celebrated victories than any other ship of the same name to date.
 The Albatros C.XV was a German military reconnaissance aircraft developed during World War I. It was essentially a refinement of the C.XII which had been put into production in 1918. The war ended before any examples became operational. However some found their way into civilian hands and flew as transport aircraft in peacetime under the factory designation L 47. Others saw service with the air forces of Russia Turkey and Latvia.
 HMS Berwick (65) was a Royal Navy County class heavy cruiser of the Kent subclass. She was built by Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company (Govan Scotland) with the keel being laid down on 15 September 1924. She was launched on 30 March 1926 and commissioned 12 July 1927.
 The Takanami-class destroyer (たかなみ型護衛艦 Takanami-gata goeikan) is a class of Japanese guided-missile and ASW destroyer entering service with the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF) from 1998.
 The Tupolev Tu-75 was a military transport variant of the Tu-4 bomber as was a similar airliner the Tu-70 both using a new purpose-designed fuselage. The first Soviet military machine of this class it was equipped with a rear fuselage loading ramp. It was not placed into production because the VVS decided it would be cheaper to modify its existing Tu-4s for the transport mission and to use its existing Lisunov Li-2 and Ilyushin Il-12 transports.
 USS Neunzer (DE-150) was an Edsall-class destroyer escort built for the U.S. Navy during World War II. She served in the Atlantic Ocean and provided destroyer escort protection against submarine and air attack for Navy vessels and convoys.She was named in honor of Machinist Weimar Edmund Neunzer who was killed in action 2 July 1942 during the Aleutian Islands Campaign and was posthumously awarded the Air Medal.
 The Douglas XB-22 was to be a modified B-18A Bolo with much more powerful engines. Despite a 60% increase in power however the re-engined XB-22 had unsatisfactory estimated performance and the project was cut before any aircraft were converted.
 The second USS Altair (AK-257) was a United States Navy Greenville Victory-class cargo ship in commission from 1952 to 1953. She was converted into a general stores issue ship (AKS-32) in 1953 and was in commission as such from 1953 to 1969 seeing extensive service during the Cold War. Prior to her U.S. Navy career she had operated as the merchant ship SS Aberdeen Victory during the latter stages of World War II.
 USS Tioga (1862) was a large steamer with powerful guns acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. Tioga was used by the Union Navy as a gunboat in support of the Union Navy blockade of Confederate waterways.
 HMS Hazard was a 16-gun Royal Navy Cormorant class ship-sloop built by Josiah & Thomas Brindley at Frindsbury Kent and launched in 1794. She served in the French Revolutionary Wars and throughout the Napoleonic Wars. She captured numerous prizes and participated in a notable ship action against Topaze as well as in several other actions and campaigns three of which earned her crew clasps to the Naval General Service Medal. Hazard was sold in 1817.
 German submarine U-564 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during the Second World War. The RAF sank her in the Bay of Biscay on 14 June 1943.
 HMS Kenya was a Crown Colony-class cruiser of the Royal Navy. The ship was named after Kenya a British possession at the time of the ship's construction.
 SS Harriet Tubman (MC contract 3032) was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II. She was named after Harriet Tubman an African-American freedom fighter during the American Civil War.The ship was laid down by the South Portland Shipbuilding Corporation South Portland Maine on 19 April 1944 then launched on 3 June 1944. The ship survived the war only to suffer the same fate as nearly all other Liberty ships that survived did; she was scrapped in 1972.
 The Morane-Saulnier MS.760 Paris is a French four (or six) seat jet trainer and liaison aircraft built by Morane-Saulnier. Based on the earlier side-by-side seating two-seat trainer but adding an additional row of two seats the MS.755 Fleuret the Paris was used by the French military between 1959 and 1997. In 1955 a short-lived venture with Beech Aircraft to market the Paris as an Executive Business Jet in the US market was soon eclipsed by Learjet’s Model 23.
 USS Sylvan Arrow (ID-2150) was a United States Navy tanker in commission from 1918 to 1919.
 The Cessna T303 Crusader is an American six-place light twin aircraft built by Cessna Aircraft Company. Production ceased in 1986.
 USS SC-40 until July 1920 known as USS Submarine Chaser No. 40 or USS S.C. 40 was an SC-1-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I.SC-40 was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn New York. She was commissioned on 13 February 1918 as USS Submarine Chaser No. 40 abbreviated at the time as USS S.C. 40.In 1919 Submarine Chaser No.
 The Sémillante class was a type of 12-pounder 32-gun frigate of the French Navy designed by Pierre-Joseph Pénétreau. Sémillante Builder: LorientOrdered: Laid down: December 1790Launched: 25 November 1791Completed: May 1792Fate: Given to Robert Surcouf at Mauritius in September 1808 and armed by him as a privateer renamed Charles. Captured by the Royal Navy in December 1809 and broken up.
 The Amfibus is an amphibious bus which was considered as a replacement for the Renfrew Ferry across the River Clyde.
 USS F. J. Luckenbach (ID-2160) was a cargo ship and troop transport that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919.SS F. J. Luckenbach was built as a commercial cargo ship at Quincy Massachusetts by Fore River Shipbuilding Corporation for Luckenbach Steamship Company of New York City. Launched on 15 September 1917 she was delivered to Luckenbach on 28 November 1917. She then came under the control of the United States Shipping Board. The Shipping Board transferred her to the U.S.
 HMS Diamond is the third ship of the Type 45 or Daring-class air-defence destroyers built for the Royal Navy. She was launched in 2007 completed her contractor's sea trials in July 2010 and arrived at her base port on 22 September 2010. Diamond was commissioned in a traditional ceremony on 6 May 2011 and formally entered service on 12 July 2011.
 HMS Trusty (N45) was a T-class submarine of the Royal Navy. She was laid down by Vickers Armstrong Barrow and launched in March 1941.
 Peugeot 206 WRC is a World Rally Car based on the Peugeot 206. It was used by Peugeot Sport Peugeot's factory team in the World Rally Championship from 1999 to 2003. The car brought Peugeot the manufacturers' world title three years in a row from 2000 to 2002. Marcus Grönholm won the drivers' title in 2000 and 2002.
 MS Kungsholm was a passenger liner owned and operated by the Swedish American Line from 1928 to 1941 on transatlantic services from Gothenburg to New York as well as cruising out of New York. It was built at the Blohm & Voss shipyard in Hamburg Germany.
 USS Crux (AK-115) was an Crater-class cargo ship commissioned by the U.S. Navy for service in World War II named after the constellation Crux. She was responsible for delivering troops goods and equipment to locations in the war zone. Crux was launched 16 November 1943 as SS Peter Stuyvesant by St. Johns River Shipbuilding Company Jacksonville Florida under a Maritime Commission contract; sponsored by Mrs. F. D.
 The Aero-Astra Okhotnik (English: Hunter) is a Russian single engine three seat autogyro of pusher pod and boom configuration. It has been developed into several variants over the period 2001-7.
 The Issoire APM 40 Simba is a four-seat light aircraft manufactured by the French manufacturer Issoire Aviation. It is entirely built from carbon-fiber-reinforced polymers. The aircraft's first flight was on 19 May 2009 and it made its public debut at the Paris Air Show in June 2009.It is a derivative of the 2-seater APM 20 Lionceau and 3-seater APM 30 Lion.
 USS Detroit was a 12-gun corvette in the United States Navy and was named after the city of Detroit Michigan. Detroit was built by the British at Malden Canada in 1813 and captured by the United States during the Battle of Lake Erie on 10 September 1813. She was so badly damaged that she was taken into Put-in-Bay Ohio to prevent her sinking. She was laid up at Erie Pennsylvania until sold in 1825.
 The Stickleback class submarines were midget submarines of the Royal Navy initially ordered as improved versions of the older XE class submarines. They were designed to allow British defences to practice defending against midget submarines since it was theorised that the Soviets had or could develop such craft.The Royal Navy developed plans to use these craft to carry a 15 kiloton nuclear mine (based around the Red Beard weapon) codenamed Cudgel into Soviet harbours.
 The Meneghino is an electric multiple unit manufactured by Italian company AnsaldoBreda. Meneghino was specifically designed for the Milan Metro hence its name which means of Milan in Italian. The trains are made up of 6 permanently coupled coaches comprising two identical traction units at each end with a total length of about 105 m (344 ft). Each Traction Unit consists of two identical motor cars and a trailer with the driver's cab. All the coaches are intercommunicating.
 SS Rusinga is a cargo and passenger Lake Victoria ferry in East Africa.Bow McLachlan and Company of Paisley in Renfrewshire Scotland built her and her sister ship SS Usoga for the Uganda Railway in 1913.
 HMS Lord Clyde was the name ship of the wooden-hulled Lord Clyde class of armoured frigates built for the Royal Navy during the 1860s. She and her sister ship Lord Warden were the heaviest wooden ships ever built and were also the fastest steaming wooden ships. Lord Clyde was initially assigned to the Channel Fleet in 1866 but was transferred to the Mediterranean Fleet in 1868.
 The USS Harvest Moon was a steam operated gunboat acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Navy to patrol navigable waterways of the Confederacy to prevent the South from trading with other countries.
 The Morane-Saulnier T was a bomber aircraft developed in France in 1914 and produced in small numbers during World War I. It was a large five-bay biplane of conventional configuration with unstaggered wings of equal span. The conical rear fuselage and large triangular tailfin were reminiscent of a scaled-up version of some Morane-Saulnier fighter designs.
 USS Oconee (AOG-34) was a Mettawee-class gasoline tanker acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of transporting gasoline to warships in the fleet and to remote Navy stations.Oconee formerly MC Hull 1531 was laid down under a Maritime Commission contract on 18 October 1944 by East Coast Shipyard Inc. Bayonne New Jersey; launched 19 November 1944; sponsored by Miss Ethel Borst; acquired by the Navy on 23 December 1944; and commissioned 12 January 1945 Lt. Joseph T.
 The [Rutan] Model 81 Catbird is a high-efficiency five-seat single-engine all-composite general aviation aircraft designed by Burt Rutan. It is unusual in that it incorporates both a small forward wing and a small conventional horizontal stabilizer on the tail.The Catbird was designed by Burt Rutan while his company Scaled Composites was owned by Beechcraft. The design was intended to replace the long-produced Bonanza.
 The GS-3 was a streamlined 4-8-4 Northern type steam locomotive that served the Southern Pacific Company from 1938 to 1957. They were built by Lima Locomotive Works and were numbered 4416 through 4429. GS stands for Golden State or General Service.The GS-3 had an appearance similar to the GS-2. The GS-3s were streamlined and designed for high-speed passenger service.
 The Lockheed P-80 Shooting Star was the first jet fighter used operationally by the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF). Designed and built by Lockheed in 1943 and delivered just 143 days from the start of the design process production models were flying but not ready for service by the end of World War II. Designed with straight wings the type saw extensive combat in Korea with the United States Air Force (USAF) as the F-80.
 MS Selandia was the most advanced ocean-going diesel motor ship in her time.Selandia is the Latin name for the Danish island of Sjælland. The first Selandia (1912) was ordered by the Danish trading firm East Asiatic Company for service between Scandinavia Genoa Italy and Bangkok Thailand. She was built at Burmeister & Wain Shipyard in Copenhagen Denmark and launched on 4 November 1911 before embarking on her maiden journey from Copenhagen to Bangkok on 22 February 1912.
 German submarine U-336 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 28 March 1941 at the Nordseewerke yard at Emden as 'werk' 208 launched on 4 December and commissioned on 14 February 1942 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Hans Hunger.
 The Abhay class corvettes of the Indian Navy are customized variants of the Soviet Pauk class corvettes. The class is primarily intended for coastal patrol and anti-submarine warfare.Four vessels of the class currently serve in the Indian Navy.
 The International S-Series Schoolmaster was a Type C (conventional) bus chassis manufactured by International Harvester which became Navistar during its production run. It was introduced in 1979 as the replacement for the Loadstar bus chassis; it was used for both school bus and commercial bus applications. In 1989 it was replaced by the International 3800; both chassis were offered that year. The Schoolmaster was the last bus chassis designed by International Harvester.
 HMS Elsenham was one of 93 ships of the Ham-class of inshore minesweepers. Their names were all chosen from villages ending in -ham. The minesweeper was named after Elsenham in Essex.
 HMS Investigator was a wooden paddle survey vessel of the Royal Navy built to carry out an expedition on the Gabon River in Africa.Investigator was laid down on 15 June 1861 at Deptford and was launched on 16 November 1861. She was initially commanded by Lieutenant Benjamin Langlois Lefroy off the west coast of Africa. He was succeeded by George Truman Morrell in 1865 under whose command she sailed up the River Niger making contact with local tribes.
 HMS Jersey was a 40-gun Fourth rate frigate of the English Royal Navy originally built for the navy of the Commonwealth of England at Maldon and launched in 1654. By 1677 her armament had been increased to 48 guns.In 1669 the diarist Samuel Pepys while a member of the Navy Board was temporarily named captain of Jersey as a legal maneuver to make him eligible to sit on a court-martial.Jersey was captured by the French in 1691.
 The Russian battleship Petropavlovsk (Russian: Петропавловск) was the third of the four Gangut-class dreadnoughts the first Russian class of dreadnoughts built before World War I. She was named after the Russian victory over the British and the French in the Siege of Petropavlovsk in 1854. The ship was completed during the winter of 1914–15 but was not ready for combat until mid-1915.
 SS Laurentic was a British ocean liner of the White Star Line.The Dominion Line steamship company operated a successful passenger service on their Liverpool-Canada route in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Their ships had become outdated so in 1907 two new liners were ordered from Harland and Wolff the SS Alberta and SS Albany.
 MS Royal Iris is a 1971 built car ferry/cruise ferry which was later rebuilt into a cruise ship in 1981. She is the last surviving ship ever owned by the Chandris Lines. She is the last surviving ship out of three near identical sisters the others being the ill-fated Scandinavian Star and the Fred. Olsen & Co. ferry Bolero.
 Brazilian submarine Humaita (S20) was an Oberon-class submarine in the Brazilian Navy.It was ordered 22 May 1970 and commissioned June 1973.
 The Kawasaki Z500/Z550 series began with the 1979 Z500 a scaled-down version of the Kawasaki Z1R. It used a double-cradle steel (Norton featherbed-style) frame with a transverse-mounted air-cooled 4-cylinder DOHC (Double Over Head Cam) engine—a classic universal Japanese motorcycle.
 HMS Thanet was an S-class destroyer of the Royal Navy. Built during and commissioned shortly after the First World War she went on to see service in the Second World War being sunk early in 1942.Thanet had been one of the ships on the China Station on the outbreak of war. After briefly being converted to a minelayer she spent the early years of the war patrolling off Hong Kong.
 The General Frank M. Coxe is a steam ferry which was built for the United States Army to provide transportation services among several military facilities which ring California's San Francisco Bay.The 144-foot (44 m) was built in 1921 and along with sister-ship General John McE.
 INS Mysore (D60) is a Delhi-class guided-missile destroyer currently in active service with the Indian Navy.
 HMS Derwent was a Hunt class Type III destroyer escort of the Royal Navy. She was built by Vickers-Armstrongs Barrow-in-Furness and served during the Second World War.
 The USS Fawn was a steamer purchased by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Union Navy as a patrol and escort vessel operating in Confederate waterways.Fawn a stern wheel steamer was launched in 1863 at Cincinnati Ohio as Fanny Barker. She was commissioned 11 May 1863 and purchased by the Navy 13 May 1863 Acting Master J. R. Grace in command. She was renamed Fawn 19 June 1863.
 The Krasin (Russian: Красин) is a Russian (formerly Soviet) icebreaker. The vessel operates in polar regions.
 Jingyuan (Chinese: 經遠; pinyin: Jingyuan; Wade–Giles: Ching-Yuen or King-Yuen) was an armored cruiser in the late Qing Dynasty Beiyang Fleet. Its sister ship was the Laiyuan.
 The Westland Westbury was a British twin-engined fighter prototype of 1926. Designed by Westland Aircraft it never entered service but played a useful role in the testing of the COW 37 mm gun. Only the two prototypes were completed.
 The Clan Crusader was a fibreglass monocoque British sports car based on running gear from the Hillman Imp Sport including its Coventry Climax derived rear-mounted 875 cc engine. It was first made in Washington Co Durham England between 1971 and 1974 but since then several efforts have been made to bring the car back to production. Plans were made by Martin Phaff (of previous Ginetta fame) to re-resurrect the Clan in 2009 but nothing seems to have come of the project so far.
 The Buick Velite is a roadster concept car designed by the Buick division of American automaker General Motors and built by Bertone. It was first presented to the public at the 2004 New York International Auto Show.In 2002 Buick showed a roadster concept car that they called the Bengal. It was widely thought to be an impressive exercise in styling but it was never considered to be a viable production vehicle.
 USS LCI(L)-449 was an LCI(L)-351-class landing craft infantry built for the United States Navy during World War II. Like most ships of her class she was not named and was known only by her designation.The ship was laid down on 17 June 1943 by New Jersey Shipbuilding of Barber New Jersey launched on 14 August 1943 and commissioned as USS LCI(L)-449 on 25 August 1943.
 The third USS Murray (DD/DDE-576) was a Fletcher-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. Murry was named for Capt. Alexander Murray and his grandson Rear Adm. Alexander MurrayMurray (DD-576) was laid down 16 March 1942 by Consolidated Steel Corporation Orange Texas; launched 16 August 1942 sponsored by Mrs. Frank T. Leighton; and commissioned 20 April 1943 Comdr. Richard F. Stout in command.
 The Yugoslav destroyer Beograd was a destroyer built for the Royal Yugoslav Navy in 1937. During the invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941 she was captured by the Royal Italian Navy (Italian: Regia Marina) and completed over 100 convoy escort missions in the Mediterranean under the name Sebenico. Following the Italian capitulation in September 1943 she was captured by the German Navy (German: Kriegsmarine) and redesignated TA43. She was sunk or scuttled at Trieste on 30 April or 1 May 1945.
 The Coot (GK 310) was the first Icelandic trawler.She was built in 1892 by the Glasgow firm William H. Hamilton & Co. and purchased in Aberdeen. Prior to the arrival of the Coot there had attempts by various foreign owned companies to run trawling fleets off Iceland but these had not proved commercially successful. A Devon fisherman Mr.
 The EDRA Aeronautica Super Pétrel is an amphibious pusher configuration biplane seating two side-by-side brought into production in Brazil in 2002 though with a French parentage. It remained in production in 2011 in kit and flyaway forms.
 SS Henry R. Schoolcraft (MC contract 2132) was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II.Named after Henry R. Schoolcraft an American geographer geologist and ethnologist the ship was laid down by Permanente Metals in their Richmond Yard #1 on 11 December 1943 then launched on 30 December 1943. The vessel was operated under a USAT (United States Army Transport) identification meaning that it was under the control of the Army Transportation Service.
 The Barfleur-class ships of the line were a class of four 90-gun second rates designed for the Royal Navy by Sir Thomas Slade.
 SS Mission San Carlos was a Type T2-SE-A2 tanker built for the United States Maritime Commission during World War II. After the war she was acquired by the United States Navy as USS Mission San Carlos (AO-120). Later the tanker transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service as USNS Mission San Carlos (T-AO-120). She was a member of the Mission Buenaventura-class oiler and was one of two U.S.
 Soviet submarine B-515 was a Tango-class submarine of the Soviet and Russian Navies. She was built in 1976 and remained in active service until 2001. She is currently docked in Hamburg and is open to the public as a museum exhibit. The submarine is sometimes referred to as U-434 which derives from the pennant number painted on the vessel.This submarine was used for hunting espionage and patrol purposes. A 78-man crew operated the boat.
 CCGH 045 is a former Canadian Coast Guard hovercraft that had been based in Vancouver British Columbia.045 is a SR.N6 model built by British Hovercraft Corporation and commissioned by the Canadian Coast Guard in 1969.The primary missions of CCGH 045 was performing search and rescue missions in the Fraser River delta and its navigable tributaries as well as the Georgia Strait. Occasionally the CCGH 045 performed navigation aid maintenance.
 USS Litchfield (DD-336/AG-95) was a Clemson-class destroyer in the United States Navy following World War I. She was named for John Litchfield.
 The Soloy Pathfinder 21 is a twin engined single propeller turboprop aircraft manufactured by Soloy Aviation Solutions and based on the successful Cessna 208 airframe. The aircraft is essentially a stock Cessna 208 airframe that has been stretched by 72 inches with structural reinforcement and is powered by twin Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6D-114A engines in a side-by-side Dual Pac configuration.
 The No.1 class auxiliary minelayer (第一号型敷設特務艇 Dai Ichi Gō-gata Fusetsu-Tokumutei) was a class of minelayers of the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) serving during World War II. They were built to supplement the timeworn Sokuten-class. 4 vessels were built in 1941–42 under the Maru Rin Programme (Ship # 257–260).
 USS Naubuc (YN-109/AN-84/YRST-4) was a Cohoes-class net laying ship which was assigned to protect U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II with her anti-submarine nets. Her World War II career was short due to the war coming to an end and she was inactivated only to be commissioned again some time later as a tender for salvage craft.
 The Beriev A-60 is a Soviet/Russian airborne laser laboratory aircraft based on the Ilyushin Il-76MD transport.In the 1970s a special aviation complex was established by the Soviets at Taganrog machine-building factory to develop airborne laser technology for the Soviet military.In 1977 Beriev OKB started the design of a flying laboratory designated '1А'.
 The Schreder Airmate HP-11 is an American mid-wing V-tailed single seat glider designed by Richard Schreder. Airmate was the name of Schreder's design company.
 The Prime Ministerial Car refers to a number of British manufactured vehicles used by the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. The vehicles currently used are armoured custom built Jaguar XJ Sentinel supercharged 5.0-litre V8 models. Prime Ministerial and ministerial limousines are operated and administered by the Government Cars Agency an executive agency of the Department for Transport and stored and maintained at 10 Downing Street.
 HMVS Cerberus (Her Majesty's Victorian Ship) is a breastwork monitor that served in the Victoria Naval Forces the Commonwealth Naval Forces (CNF) and the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) between 1871 and 1924.Built for the colony of Victoria under the supervision of Charles Pasley Cerberus was completed in 1870 and arrived in Port Phillip in 1871 where she spent the rest of her career.
 HMS Swordfish (61S) was a group one British S class submarine that was sunk on a combat patrol in the English Channel in November 1940 during the Second World War.Nothing was heard from her following her departure from Portsmouth on 7 November 1940 with 40 crew on board to relieve HMS Usk which was on patrol off the Western Approaches near Brest France. At the time it was thought that she had been sunk by a German destroyer.
 Joseph Conrad is an iron-hulled sailing ship originally launched as Georg Stage in 1882 and used to train sailors in Denmark. After sailing around the world as a private yacht in 1934 she served as a training ship in the United States and is now a museum ship at Mystic Seaport in Connecticut.
 The Rover P5 series was a group of large saloon and coupé automobiles produced from 1958 until 1973. Models were marketed under the names Rover 3 Litre Rover 3.5 Litre and Rover 3½ Litre.The P5 was a much larger car than the P4 which in some respects it replaced. It was extremely popular with United Kingdom Prime Ministers and government officials of its day. Queen Elizabeth II is said to have favoured driving her P5.[citation needed]
 The Hermes project (November 20 1944 - December 31 1954) was a United States Army Ordnance Corps missile program contracted to the General Electric Company. After German V-2 parts and technology were imported into the United States after the war the U. S. Army formed the Upper Atmosphere Research Panel in early 1946 to oversee experiments both about their technology and their use for upper atmosphere research. One-third of the panel members were General Electric scientists.
 The Schreder Airmate HP-8 is an American high-wing single seat glider that was designed by Richard Schreder after the loss of the HP-7 in 1957.Airmate was the name of Schreder's design company.
 The Suzuki X-90 is a small two-door two-seater SUV manufactured and marketed from October 1995 to May 1997 by Suzuki. Related to the Suzuki Sidekick the X-90 featured a T-section removable roof.The X-90 replaced the Samurai for the United States market.
 The Lotus Eleven was a racing car built in various versions by Lotus from 1956 until 1958. The later versions built in 1958 are sometimes referred to as Lotus 13 although this was not an official designation. In total about 270 Elevens of all versions were built.
 The Shikishima PLH-31 is a Shikishima class (PLH) of the Japan Coast Guard. She was built by Ishikawajima-Harima Heavy Industries Tokyo.Planned to guard plutonium transport ships the Shikishima class is the largest and heaviest-equipped patrol vessel of the JCG. With her cruising capacity she can make voyages from Japan to Europe without making any calls.She is the only JCG ship equipped with anti-air radar and Oerlikon 35 mm twin cannons so she has increased anti-air firepower.
 USS Enright (DE-216/APD-66) a Buckley-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy was named in honor of Ensign Robert Paul Francis Enright (1916-1942) who was killed in action while serving aboard the destroyer Hammann (DD-412) during the Battle of Midway on 6 June 1942.
 SM U-140 was one of the 329 submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy in World War I.U-140 was engaged in the naval warfare and took part in the First Battle of the Atlantic.
 The Elizabeth-class ships of the line were a class of eight 74-gun third rates designed for the Royal Navy by Sir Thomas Slade.
 Bellona was a 472 burthen ton merchantman and convict ship that was dispatched in 1792 from England to Australia.Launched in 1782 at Limehouse upon the Thames River by Woolcombe for Boyd & Co. Under the command of Matthew Boyd she sailed from Gravesend England on 8 August 1792 with 17 female convicts free settlers and a cargo of stores. She arrived at Port Jackson New South Wales on the 16 January 1793.
 The Szekely Model V Flying Dutchman is a single seat sport aircraft that was built by the aircraft engine manufacturer Szekely in Holland Michigan in 1928-29.
 The Tupolev Tu-330 is a modern medium transport aircraft of the Russian airplane manufacturer Tupolev PSC. The aircraft is intended to replace the aging An-12 tactical airlift fleet filling a niche between the Il-112 and Il-76; it is similar in size class to the Antonov An-70.The Tu-330 has a swept high-mounted wing design with two high-bypass ratio PS-90A engines mounted below the wings.
 The Baldwin RT-624 was a twin-engined diesel-electric locomotive built by Baldwin Locomotive Works between 1951 and 1954.The RT-624 an improved version of the Baldwin DT-6-6-2000 was a center-cab transfer locomotive.Twenty-four locomotives were built using 6-cylinder turbocharged 606A prime movers during 1951–1954. No examples of the RT-624 are known to survive.
 HMS Esperance began her career as the British privateer Ellis. The French captured her then the Spanish and then the French recaptured her. After returning to French ownership she became the French corvette Esperance. The Royal Navy captured her in 1795 and took her into service as HMS Esperance. Thus In her brief military career Esperance had changed hands four times. She was sold in 1798.
 The Hurel-Dubois HD.10 was a French research aircraft first flown in 1948 to investigate Maurice Hurel's ideas about high aspect ratio wings. It was a single-seat monoplane with retractable tricycle undercarriage and twin tails featuring an extremely long slender wing with an aspect ratio of 30. This was mounted above the aircraft's enclosed cockpit and braced with struts. Construction was of metal throughout.
 The Proton Waja is a saloon car manufactured by Malaysian automotive company Proton first released in August 2000.The Waja is the first Proton car to feature a majority of body parts and components which were designed in-house. Although certain key features such as the various engines in the early models were outsourced the Waja is still best known as the first Malaysian-designed car.
 The second USS Pilgrim was a United States Navy tug in commission from 1870 to 1871 which may also have seen non-commissioned service in other years.Pilgrim was an iron--hulled steam screw tug built by the Pusey and Jones Shipbuilding Company at Wilmington Delaware. Launched on 1 November 1864 she was delivered to the U.S. Navy on 2 March 1865.Few records of Pilgrim's Navy service have been found.
 The SZD-11 Albatros was a single-seat glider aircraft that was designed and built in Poland at Szybowcowy Zakład Doświadczalny - Glider Experimental Works in Bielsko-Biała in 1954. Only one prototype was completed and flown.
 MS Royal Princess is a cruise ship operated by Princess Cruises and the third ship to sail for the cruise line under that name. The ship was built by Fincantieri at their shipyard in Monfalcone Italy. Royal Princess is the flagship of the Princess fleet a designation held up to that point by Grand Princess.Princess Cruises ordered Royal Princess as well as the sister ship Regal Princess both at the time unnamed on 17 February 2010.
 The Blue Yonder EZ Fun Flyer is a Canadian twin-engined ultralight aircraft that was designed by Wayne Winters and is produced by Blue Yonder Aviation of Indus Alberta. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 The FBA Type H was a French reconnaissance flying boat produced in large numbers in France and Italy during World War I by Franco-British Aviation.
 Southern Railway 154 is a steam locomotive built in 1890 by the Schenectady Locomotive Works for the Southern Railway. It is a 2-8-0 Consolidation of Southern's G class.
 The Short 360 (also SD3-60; also Shorts 360) is a commuter aircraft that was built by British manufacturer Short Brothers during the 1980s. The Short 360 seats up to 39 passengers and was introduced into service in 1981. It is a larger version of the Short 330.
 Endurance was the three-masted barquentine in which Sir Ernest Shackleton sailed for the Antarctic on the 1914 Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition. It was launched in 1912 from Sandefjord in Norway and was crushed by ice causing it to sink three years later in the Weddell Sea off Antarctica.
 SM UC-56 was a German Type UC II minelaying submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. The U-boat was ordered on 12 January 1916 laid down on 4 March 1916 and was launched on 26 August 1916. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 18 December 1916 as SM UC-56. In 6 patrols UC-56 was credited with sinking 1 ship by torpedo: the British hospital ship Glenart Castle.
 USS Kalispell (TTB-784) was a United States Navy Natick class large district harbor tug named for Kalispell Montana.
 Sokół 1000 (also known as CWS 1000 and M 111) was the heaviest Polish pre-war motorcycle manufactured by the PZInż works both for civilian and military use in the Polish Army.
 The Phoenix Air Phoenix is a Czech low-wing two-seat motor glider designed and produced by Phoenix Air and provided as a complete ready-to-fly aircraft.
 The Sage Type 4 was a prototype British floatplane of the First World War. It was a designed as a two-seat reconnaissance aircraft for the Royal Naval Air Service but was chosen for service as a floatplane trainer although the end of the war resulted in production being cancelled.
 The Vauxhall 10 is a small British-built four-door saloon first shown in public in October 1937. It was the first British car to have a unitary construction body.A striking structural innovation following the pattern set in 1935 by GM's German subsidiary was the Ten's integral (chassisless) construction which suggests that it was designed by Vauxhall to enjoy a long life and high production volumes.
 The H5 series (H5系) is a Japanese Shinkansen high-speed train type on order by Hokkaido Railway Company (JR Hokkaido) for use on Hokkaido Shinkansen services starting when the line opens in March 2016. A total of four 10-car sets are on order to be built by Hitachi and Kawasaki Heavy Industries at a cost of approximately 18 billion yen. The first sets are scheduled to be delivered in October 2014.
 The SEAT Ronda (codenamed 022A) was a small family car produced by the Spanish automaker SEAT from 1982 to 1986 and styled by Rayton Fissore in collaboration with the Technical Centre in Martorell. The Ronda was also briefly sold in the United Kingdom as the SEAT Málaga hatchback.
 The BMW 6 Series is a series of luxury grand tourers produced by the German automaker BMW.The first was the E24 being derived from the first generation 7 Series the BMW E23. The E24 was launched in 1976 to replace the 3.0CS & 3.0CSi (E9). In 2003 14 years after production ceased BMW released the all new E63/E64 which was available as a coupé and convertible based on the chassis of the E60 5 Series sedan.
 USS James O'Hara (APA-90) was a Frederick Funston-class attack transport that served with the US Navy during World War II and later in the Korean War.
 The third HMS Penzance (L28) was a Hastings-class sloop launched in 1930 and torpedoed and sunk in 1940 whilst on convoy protection duty by U-37 with the loss of 90 of her 104 crew. She is named after the Cornish port of Penzance and is the third to bear that name.
 HSwMS Uppland (Upd) is a submarine in the Swedish Navy. It is the second submarine in the Gotland class. The motto of HSwMS Uppland is Prudencia Et Audacia.
 The Golden Gate Mosquito is an American ultralight aircraft that was produced by Golden Gate Aviation. The aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 The Focke Rochen also known as Focke-Wulf Schnellflugzeug or Focke-Wulf VTOL was a German VTOL aircraft project. Designed by Heinrich Focke of the Focke-Wulf company towards the end of World War II the project remained unbuilt before the Surrender of Nazi Germany but saw some development in the post-war years. The information about this project is limited; it was named after the ray owing to its unusual shape.The aircraft had an aerofoil section with two huge propellers in the center.
 The PZL S-4 Kania was a Polish trainer and glider towing aircraft of 1950s not built in series. The first prototype was designated S-3 Kania. There is also a helicopter named PZL Kania.
 USS Henderson (DD-785) was a Gearing-class destroyer of the United States Navy the second Navy ship of that name and the first named for United States Marine Corps Major Lofton R. Henderson. The previous Henderson was named for Marine Corps Commandant Archibald Henderson.Henderson was laid down by Todd Pacific Shipyards Seattle Washington on 27 October 1944; launched on 28 May 1945; sponsored by Mrs. A. R. Early; and commissioned at Seattle on 4 August 1945 Commander H. A.
 The USRA Light Pacific was a USRA standard class of steam locomotive designed under the control of the United States Railroad Administration the nationalized railroad system in the United States during World War I.
 The Rolladen-Schneider LS7 is a high-performance Standard Class single-seat sailplane produced by Rolladen-Schneider Flugzeugbau GmbH from 1988 to 1993.The LS7 was developed as the successor to the LS4 one of the most successful gliders ever produced.In a departure from the design philosophy of the LS4 Rolladen-Schneider set out to design the LS7 as an uncompromised competition machine seeking the highest performance possible with the technology of the time.
 USS Bulwark (AM-425/MSO-425) was an Aggressive-class minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the task of removing mines that had been placed in the water to prevent the safe passage of ships.Bulwark was launched 14 March 1953 by Norfolk Naval Shipyard; sponsored by Mrs. J. L. Maloney wife of Captain Maloney and commissioned 12 November 1953 Lieutenant J. A. Paulick in command.
 The Opel 1.8-litre is a luxury car manufactured by Adam Opel AG. Production commenced in January 1931 and continued till November 1933.
 USS Makin Island (LHD-8) a Wasp-class amphibious assault ship is the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for Makin Island target of the Marine Raiders' Makin Island raid early on in the United States' involvement in World War II.
 The Fuji KM-2 is a Japanese propeller-driven light aircraft which was developed by Fuji Heavy Industries from the Beech T-34 which Fuji built under licence. Various versions have been used as primary trainers by the Japan Self-Defense Forces with the KM-2B remaining in service with the Japan Air Self-Defense Force
 The FVA-3 Ente was a canard two-seat glider built in Germany in 1922.
 The Leyland railmotor (also known at the Double ended railmotor) was introduced by the Victorian Railways in 1925 after the success of the A.E.C. railmotor the Victorian Railways wanted to build a more powerful and comfortable railmotor. Four of the railmotors were built by the Victorian Railways for use in Victoria mostly on the services to Echuca Cohuna Whittlesea and Tallangatta with the occasional trip to Mansfield and Maffra.
 Shirane (しらね Shi-ra-ne)(DDG-143) is a Shirane-class destroyer in the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF).She was laid down by Ishikawajima-Harima in Tokyo on February 25 1977; launched on September 18 1978; and commissioned on March 17 1980. She is expected to be decommissioned sometime in 2014 as the Shirane-class destroyer are slowly being phased out by the newer Izumo-class helicopter destroyers.
 German submarine U-335 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 3 January 1941 at the Nordseewerke yard at Emden as 'werk' 207 launched on 15 October and commissioned on 17 December under the command of Kapitänleutnant Hans-Herman Pilkner.
 USS Hodges (DE-231) was a Rudderow-class destroyer escort in the United States Navy during World War IIHodges was launched 9 December 1943 by the Charleston Navy Yard; sponsored by Miss Dorothy Jane Hodges sister of Ensign Hodges; and commissioned 27 May 1944 Lt. Comdr. Victor B. Staadecker in command.After shakedown off Bermuda Hodges returned to Charleston before steaming to the British West Indies for antisubmarine patrol.
 USS Alert (1861) was a 90 long tons (91 t) steamship named A. C. Powell purchased by the Union Navy during the first year of the American Civil War.A. C. Powell — later renamed Alert and still later renamed Watch — served primarily as a tugboat but at times she performed duty as a dispatch boat ship’s tender and even as a gunboat despite the fact that she had on board only a howitzer instead of a cannon or rifle.
 The first USS Talbot (Torpedo Boat No. 15/TB-15/YFB-3) was a torpedo boat in the United States Navy. The ship was named in honor of US Navy lieutenant John Gunnell Talbot.Talbot was laid down on 8 April 1897 at Bristol Rhode Island by the Herreshoff Manufacturing Co.; launched on 14 November 1897; and commissioned on 4 April 1898 Lt. (jg.) William R. Shoemaker in command.
 The New Zealand DH class is a type of diesel-electric heavy transfer/shunting locomotive in New Zealand. The class consists of six heavy shunt U10B type locomotives built by General Electric in the United States in 1978. Five of the class are used used in the Auckland area for heavy shunting duties including services to the Port of Auckland while one (2851) is based at the Port of Tauranga.
 The MV Manx Viking / Nindawayma was a passenger truck and car ferry whose last active service was on Lake Huron operated by the Owen Sound Transportation Company Limited; under contract to the Ontario Ministry of Transportation. In Canadian service she served the Highway 6 route between Tobermory and South Baymouth Manitoulin Island from 1989 to 1992 alongside the MS Chi-Cheemaun.
 The Glasflügel 303 Mosquito is a composite 15 metre Class single-seat sailplane manufactured by Glasflügel between 1976 and 1980.
 The Bolkhovitinov DBA (Dahl'niy Bombardirovshchik-Akademiya – long-range bomber academy) was a heavy bomber aircraft designed and built in the USSR from 1934.
 The Osaka Municipal Subway 30000 series (大阪市交通局30000系) is a rapid transit electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by Osaka Municipal Subway in Japan since 2009.Based on the New 20 series design thirteen 6-car sets are on order to replace the older 30 series sets on the Tanimachi Line.
 The R11 was a prototype class of experimental New York City Subway cars built by the Budd Company in 1949.Because each one cost more than $100000 the ten R11 cars are frequently referred to as the Million Dollar Train. From 1964 to 1965 the ten R11 cars were overhauled in the Transit Authority's own Coney Island Complex under contract R34. Therefore it is also acceptable to refer to the cars as R34's provided one is referring to them in their post-overhaul state.
 The South African Class NG9 4-6-0 of 1915 is a South African steam locomotive from the South African Railways era.During 1915 and 1916 the South African Railways placed six steam locomotives with a 4-6-0 wheel arrangement in service on the Langkloof narrow gauge line. When a system of grouping narrow gauge locomotives into classes was eventually introduced somewhere between 1928 and 1930 they were classified as Class NG9.
 Don Isidro delivered in 1939 was the second and larger of two Krupp built motor ships of De La Rama Steamship Company Iloilo Philippines in inter-island service. The ship under a time charter by the United States Army as a transport during the Japanese invasion of the Philippines. As defending forces became cut off from supply by the Japanese blockade Don Isidro was one of eight ships only three of which were successful known to make an attempt to run the blockade.
 USS Tuscaloosa (LST-1187) the ninth of the Newport-class tank landing ships and the second ship of the United States Navy to be named after the city of Tuscaloosa Alabama.Tuscaloosa (LST-1187) was laid down on 23 November 1968 at San Diego California by the National Steel and Shipbuilding Co. She was launched on 6 September 1969 sponsored by Mrs. Thomas F. Connolly and commissioned on 24 October 1970 with Commander Harry W. Kinsley Jr. in command.
 USS Invade (AM-254) was an Admirable-class minesweeper built for the United States Navy during World War II. She served in the Pacific during World War II. She was decommissioned in August 1946 and placed in reserve. While she remained in reserve Invade was reclassified as MSF-254 in February 1955 but never reactivated. In August 1962 she was sold to the Mexican Navy and renamed ARM DM-18. In 1994 she was renamed ARM General Ignacio Zaragoza (C60).
 The Airco DH.2 was a single-seat biplane pusher aircraft which operated as a fighter during the First World War. It was the second pusher design by Geoffrey de Havilland for Airco based on his earlier DH.1 two-seater. The DH.2 was the first effectively armed British single-seat fighter and enabled Royal Flying Corps (RFC) pilots to counter the Fokker Scourge that had given the Germans the advantage in the air in late 1915.
 An EMD GP49 is a 4-axle diesel locomotive built by General Motors Electro-Motive Division. Power was provided by an EMD 645F3B 12-cylinder engine which generated 2800 horsepower (2.09 MW). The GP49 was marketed as one of four models in the 50 series introduced in 1979. The 50 series includes GP/SD49 and GP/SD50. Both the GP and SD50 was relatively popular with a total of 278 GP50's and 427 SD50s built.
 The Princess Marguerite Princess Marguerite II and Princess Marguerite III was a series of Canadian coastal passenger vessels that operated along the west coast of British Columbia and into Puget Sound in Washington State almost continuously from 1925 to 1999. Known locally as “the Maggie” they saw the longest service of any vessel that carried passengers and freight between Victoria Vancouver and Seattle.
 HMS Eclipse was a 4-gun Cormorant-class first class gunvessel launched in 1860 from the shipyard of J. Scott Russell & Co. Millwall. She served on the Australia Station took part in the Second Taranaki War including contributing men to a naval brigade which attacked the Maori stronghold at Gate Pā. The entire class were never satisfactory as gunvessels partly due to their excessive draught and Eclipse was broken up at Sheerness in 1867 only 7 years after her launch.
 The Helicom H-1 Commuter Jr is a single or two place homebuilt helicopter.
 The Nieuport Nie 31 or Nieuport 31 was a single engine single seat monoplane or sesquiplane fighter aircraft designed and built in France in 1919.
 Carnival Triumph is a post-Panamax Destiny/Triumph-class cruise ship operated by Carnival Cruise Lines in the Caribbean entering service in 1999. It came to media attention in 2013 when an engine room fire stranded the ship at sea for several days with a loss of power that crippled not only the ship's propulsion but also support systems.
 HMS Discovery was a wooden screw storeship formerly the whaling ship Bloodhound. She was purchased in 1874 for the British Arctic Expedition of 1875–1876 and was sold in 1902.
 Magadan is a Russian icebreaker.She was completed in 1982and is the smallest of Fesco Transport Group's fleet of five icebreakers.
 German submarine U-604 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II.She was laid down on 27 February 1941 by Blohm & Voss in Hamburg as 'werk' 580 launched on 16 November 1941 and commissioned on 8 January 1942 under Kapitänleutnant Horst Höltring (German Cross in Gold).
 The Ascort was an automobile manufactured by Continental Coachwork of Sydney Australia from 1958 to 1960.Designated as the Ascort-TSV-1300 G.T. it utilized a mildly modified Volkswagen chassis fitted with a four-seat coupé body which was based on that of the Volkswagen Karmann Ghia coupé although significantly different in appearance.
 The MV Queen of Nanaimo is a Burnaby class passenger vessel operated by BC Ferries.The ship was built in 1964 by Victoria Machinery Depot. In 1974 the ship was rebuilt and extended 25 meters in length. It currently operates on the Tsawwassen-Gulf Islands route web. In 2006 there was a major overhaul of passenger areas. Its propulsion is by two Mirrlees National KVSSM twin turbocharged (intercooled) single acting 4 stroke V16 diesel engines which produce 3000 bhp (2200 kW) at 320 rpm.
 HMS Syren was a 32-gun Amazon-class fifth rate frigate of the Royal Navy. She served during the American War of Independence and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars. Among her more famous midshipmen were the future Rear-Admiral Peter Puget and John Pasco Nelson's signal officer at the Battle of Trafalgar.
 The Keio 5000 series (京王5000系) is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type which was formerly operated by Keio Corporation in Japan and first introduced in 1963. Built in batches by Nippon Sharyo Tokyu Car Corp and Hitachi it was the recipient of the 4th Laurel Prize of the Japan Railfan Club.All units were withdrawn from Keio services by December 1996 and a number of units have since been converted for use on other lines throughout Japan.
 USS Benfold (DDG-65) is an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer in the United States Navy. The destroyer's namesake is Hospital Corpsman Third Class Edward Clyde Benfold who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroic action on September 5 1952 while assigned to the United States Marine Corps during the Korean War. Former Commanding Officers include ADM Mark Ferguson VADM Thomas H. Copeman III and author Michael Abrashoff.
 USS O'Callahan (FF-1051) was a U.S. Navy Garcia class destroyer escort later reclassified as a frigate. She was named for Chaplain Lieutenant Commander Joseph T. O'Callahan a Medal of Honor recipient for his rescue of crewmen on the aircraft carrier Franklin (CV-13) after it was hit and severely damaged by enemy bombs.
 USS Lloyd E. Acree (DE-356) was a John C. Butler-class destroyer escort acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. The primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy in addition to other tasks as assigned such as patrol or radar picket. She was named in honor of Lloyd Edgar Acree who received the Navy Cross for his brave actions during the Battle of Cape Esperance.
 The Houde Speedmax is a French racing ultralight aircraft designed and produced by Patrice Houde of Reichshoffen. The aircraft is supplied as plans as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft certified under JAR-VLA.
 The Mazda Navajo was a 3-door SUV introduced in 1991 and Mazda's very first off-roader. Also the Navajo was Mazda's only truck-based SUV in North America aside from the Japan-exclusive Proceed Marvie (though some colloquially called the later Mazda Tribute trucks). Available only as a four-wheel drive two-door vehicle the Navajo was essentially a rebadged Ford Explorer Sport. It was marketed in the United States only as Mazda Canada did not want to market an SUV.
 HMS Apollo the sixth ship of the Royal Navy to be named for the Greek god Apollo was a second-class Apollo-class protected cruiser launched in 1891 and converted to a minelayer in 1909 along with six of her sisters. They formed a minelaying squadron in 1914—15 during World War I although Apollo was disarmed in 1915 and served in secondary roles until broken up in 1920.
 USS Independence (1776 sloop) was a sloop in the Continental Navy. Acting as a dispatch boat she was sent to France on a diplomatic mission – carrying important dispatches. While there John Paul Jones embarked on her and she received additional salutes to the American Republic from the French.
 ORP Batory was a patrol boat of the Polish Border Guard which operated from the 1930s into the 1950s.
 HMS Astraea (or Astrea) was a 32-gun Fifth Rate Active Class frigate of the Royal Navy. She was launched in 1781 by Fabian at E. Cowes and saw action in the American War of Independence as well as during the Napoleonic Wars. She is best known for her capture of the larger French frigate Gloire in a battle on 10 April 1795 while under the command of Captain Lord Henry Paulet. She was wrecked on 23 May 1808 off the coast of Anegada in the British Virgin Islands.
 Caly was a cruise liner owned by Louis Cruises and was under charter to Thomson Cruises part of TUI Travel at one time. Earlier names of the ship are Canguro Verde Durr Ionian Harmony Sun Fiesta Regent Jewel Calypso and The Calypso. In April 2013 she was beached in Alang India for scrapping.
 The Grumman F8F Bearcat (nicknamed Bear) was an American single-engine naval fighter aircraft of the 1940s. It went on to serve into the mid-20th century in the United States Navy the United States Marine Corps and the air forces of other nations. It would be Grumman Aircraft's final piston engined fighter aircraft. Modified versions have broken speed records for propeller-driven aircraft and are popular among warbird owners.
 The Suzuki Inazuma 250 is a 248 cc (15.1 cu in) standard motorcycle with two disc brakes marketed in Asia and Europe and in North America as the GW250.The Inazuma GW250S which was unveiled at the Auto Shanghai 2013 and is the semi-faired sibling of the Inazuma GW250 motorcycle marketed in India.
 The Northrop N-1M also known by the nickname Jeep was an American experimental aircraft used in the development of the flying wing concept by Northrop Aircraft during the 1940s.
 The Meitetsu 3300 series (名鉄3300系) is a commuter electric multiple unit type operated by Nagoya Railroad (Meitetsu) in Japan since 2004. This series includes the 3300 series in the strict sense of the word as well as the closely related 3150 series.
 The Yokosuka (横須賀) D4Y Suisei (彗星 Comet) Navy Carrier Dive bomber was operated by the Imperial Japanese Navy. Its Allied reporting name was Judy. The D4Y was one of the fastest dive-bombers of the war and only the delays in its development hindered its service while its predecessor the slower fixed-gear Aichi D3A remained in service much longer than intended.
 The SZD-18 Czajka (Szybowcowy Zakład Doświadczalny - Glider Experimental Works) (Czajka in English: Lapwing) was a single-seat glider designed and built in Poland in 1956.
 USS Dorothea a civilian vessel that retained her original name when purchased by the Navy for use as a gunboat was the only ship of the United States Navy to bear that name though other ships have been named Dorothea L. Dix Dorothy Cullen and Dorothy.Her keel was laid down in 1897 by William Cramp and Sons in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. She was purchased by the Navy on 21 May 1898 and commissioned on 1 June 1898 with Lieutenant Commander W. J. Bernette in command.
 Maserati Alfieri is a concept car from the Italian car manufacturer Maserati that was first shown at the 2014 Geneva Motor Show.It is named after Alfieri Maserati (1887–1932) one of the five Maserati Brothers and marks the 100 years anniversary of the Maserati car maker established 1914 in Bologna. It has been developed at the Maserati Centro Stile in Turin. The chief overall designer was Marco Tencone the exterior chief cesigner was Giovanni Ribotta.
 The Edgar-class ships of the line were a class of three 60-gun fourth rates designed for the Royal Navy by Sir Thomas Slade.
 Hira (比良) was a river gunboat of the Imperial Japanese Navy part of the 11th Gunboat Sentai that operated on the Yangtze River in China during the 1930s and during the Second Sino-Japanese War.On 13 December 1937 Hira and other IJN ships engaged Chinese positions at Xiaguan China and attacked Chinese boats and rafts on the Yangtze River. On 17 August 1944 Hira was damaged by US 14th Air Force aircraft at Kiukiang China.
 The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) Class A was a class of 0-8-0 steam locomotives. From 1893 to 1900 Crewe Works built 111 of these engines which had a three-cylinder compound arrangement and were designed by Francis Webb. According to the LNWR Society 110 were built between 1894 and 1900.
 The Pescara Model 3 was the first of several coaxial helicopter designs by Raúl Pateras Pescara to demonstrate sustained controlled helicopter flight.
 USS Mercy (ID-1305/AH-4) was a hospital ship in the United States Navy during World War I. She was the first U.S. Navy ship of that name. The ship was previously known as SS Saratoga a steamer for the Ward Line on the New York to Havana route and considered the fastest steamship in coastal trade.
 The Cachalot-class submarines were a pair of medium-sized submarines of the United States Navy built under the tonnage limits of the London Naval Treaty of 1930. They were originally named V-8 and V-9 and so were known as V-boats even though they were unrelated to the other seven submarines (V-1 through V-7) constructed between World War I and World War II. Joseph W.
 HMCS Clayoquot was a Bangor-class minesweeper that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. She saw action mainly in the Battle of the Atlantic. She was sunk in 1944.
 SMS Sperber (His Majesty's Ship Sperber—Sparrowhawk) was an unprotected cruiser built for the German Kaiserliche Marine (Imperial Navy) the second member of the Schwalbe class. She had one sister ship Schwalbe. Sperber was built at the Kaiserliche Werft (Imperial Dockyard) in Danzig; her keel was laid down in September 1887 and her completed hull was launched in August 1888. She was commissioned for service in April 1889.
 The Adventure was a wooden Sloop built in 1834 at Brisbane Water that was wrecked whilst in a storm with the exact position where it was lost on New South Wales coast being unsure during July 1836.
 USAT Thomas was a United States Army transport ship launched as the SS Persia in 1894 having been built for the Hamburg America Line's service to New York. She was bought by the Atlantic Transport Line in 1897 because she was practically a sister to other Massachusetts class of ships already in service there. She was renamed SS Minnewaska by her new owners.
 HEMU-430X (standing for High-Speed Electric Multiple Unit 430 km/h eXperimental) is a South Korean high-speed train intended for a maximum speed of 430 km/h (267 mph). On the last day of March 2013 it achieved 421.4 km/h in a test run making South Korea the world's fourth country after France Japan and China to develop a high-speed train running on conventional rail above 420 km/h. The main new feature of the train compared to older South Korean high-speed trains is distributed traction.
 The Wings of Freedom Phoenix 103 is an American amateur-built ultralight aircraft produced by Wings of Freedom. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 SM UC-23 was a German Type UC II minelaying submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. The U-boat was ordered on 26 August 1915 and was launched on 29 February 1916. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 17 July 1916 as SM UC-23. In 17 patrols UC-23 was credited with sinking 46 ships either by torpedo or by mines laid. UC-23 was surrendered at Sevastopol on 25 November 1918 and broken up at Bizerta in August 1921.
 The Néréide was a 38-gun frigate of the French Navy designed by Sané.In 1810 she sailed to Guadeloupe but was repelled by the blockade off Basse-Terre and returned to Brest after a fight with HMS Rainbow and HMS Avon.She was captured during the action of 20 May 1811 and brought into British service as HMS Madagascar.She took part in the Peninsular War against France and the War of 1812 with the United States of America.Madagascar Vengeur and Lightning were in company on 6 March 1814 at the recapture of the Diamond. 
 The French 600 Series submarines were a series of submarine classes built for the French Navy (Marine Nationale) during the Inter war years.
 The first USS Panther (AD-6) the former SS Venezuela was an auxiliary cruiser and naval troop transport in the United States Navy.Panther was built by William Cramp and Sons Philadelphia Pa. in 1889. As the SS Venezuela a merchant steamship it was used for several years as a cargo freighter transporting bananas from Central and South America. The Panther was purchased by the Navy from Red D Line Steamship Co.
 INS Vipul (K46) is a Veer class corvette currently in active service with the Indian Navy.
 The Fortune also known as La Fortune was a 626 ton sailing ship built in Spain.Under the command of Henry Moore she sailed from England on 28 January 1806 with 260 male convicts. She arrived at Port Jackson on 27 July. Four male convicts died on the voyage. Fortune left Port Jackson on 19 August bound for China.On her second convict voyage to Australia under Thomas Walker she sailed from England on 3 December 1812 with 201 male convicts. She arrived at Port Jackson on 11 June 1813.
 The Nagare (pronounced “nah-gah-reh”) is a concept car that was introduced by Mazda at the 2006 Los Angeles Auto Show. The Nagare is considered to be an exercise in natural and organic car design to explore the future of Mazda automobiles.
 The Autogiro Company of America AC-35 was an early attempt to make a roadable aircraft in the United States during the 1930s. Although it was successfully tested it did not enter production; a 1960s attempt to revive the aircraft in a non-roadable version also failed to achieve success.
 The CCGS George R. Pearkes is a light icebreaker and buoy support vessel in the Canadian Coast Guard.George R. Pearkes is a High Endurance Multi-Tasked Vessel Light Icebreaker and Buoy tender. She was built in 1986 by Versatile Pacific Shipyards Limited of Vancouver BCGeorge Pearkes' home port is St. John's Newfoundland and Labrador and is stationed there with other CGS ships.
 USS Wood County (LST-1178) was a De Soto County-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during the late 1950s. Named after counties in Ohio Texas West Virginia and Wisconsin she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.
 The EMD GP40-2 is a 4-axle diesel road switcher locomotive built by General Motors Electro-Motive Division as part of its Dash 2 line between April 1972 and December 1986. The locomotive's power was provided by an EMD 645E3 16-cylinder engine which generated 3000 horsepower (2.24 MW).
 USS Epsilon (1864) was a tugboat acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Union Navy as a tugboat and dispatch boat to support Union Navy patrol vessels on Confederate waterways.
 USS Spray II (SP-308) was the proposed name and designation for a United States Navy World War I patrol vessel that the Navy never actually took over.Spray II was built as a wooden-hulled civilian launch in 1911 by Charles L. Seabury and Company at Morris Heights in the Bronx New York. On 9 May 1917 she was ordered delivered to the U.S.
 For ships of similar names see: USS Montgomery.SS Richard Montgomery was an American Liberty ship built during World War II one of the 2710 used to carry cargo during the war. The ship was wrecked off the Nore in the Thames Estuary in 1944 with around 1400 tonnes (1500 short tons) of explosives on board which continue to be a hazard to the area.
 The Riley RM Series was the last automobile series developed independently by Riley. RM vehicles were produced from 1945 after the Second World War through the 1952 merger of the Riley's Nuffield Organisation with Austin to form BMC. They were originally made in Coventry but in 1949 production moved to the MG works at Abingdon. The RM models were marketed as the Riley 1½ Litre and the Riley 2½ Litre.There were three types of RM vehicles produced.
 German submarine U-571 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for the Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II.
 The Consolidated Vultee XP-81 (later redesignated ZXF-81) was a development of the Consolidated Vultee Aircraft Corporation to build a single seat long range escort fighter that combined use of both a turbojet and a turboprop engines. Although promising the lack of a suitable engine combined with the end of World War II doomed the project.
 Luna 17 (Ye-8 series) was an unmanned space mission of the Luna program also called Lunik 17.
 The Type 15 frigate was a class of British anti-submarine frigates of the Royal Navy. They were conversions based on the hulls of World War II-era destroyers built to the standard War Emergency Programme utility design.
 The USS Macaw (ASR-11) was a Chanticleer-class submarine rescue ship in the United States Navy.Macaw was laid down 15 October 1941 by the Moore Dry Dock Co. Oakland California; launched 12 July 1942; sponsored by Miss Valnessa Easton of Berkeley Calif.; and commissioned the same day Lt. Comdr. P. W. Burton in command.Departing California 28 August 1943 after shakedown and training exercises Macaw steamed in convoy to Espiritu Santo arriving 2 October.
 The Star Monoplane was an early British aircraft built by the Star Engineering Company of Wolverhampton. A tractor configuration monoplane resembling the French Antoinette aircraft its most remarkable feature was the arrangement of the rear control surfaces. It was exhibited at the Aero Exhibition at Olympia in London in 1910.
 Etna was a French naval Etna-class ship-sloop. The Royal Navy captured her in November 1796. She was taken into service as HMS Aetna and renamed to HMS Cormorant the next year. She captured several merchant vessels and privateers before she was wrecked in 1800 off the coast of Egypt.
 The Amiot 120 was a family of French single-engine biplane bomber aircraft built by the SECM-Amiot factory in mid-1920s. The only series-built variant was Amiot 122 BP3 medium bomber other known variant was Amiot 123 long-distance record plane.
 The Mercedes-Benz W211 is an executive car which was produced by the German automaker Mercedes-Benz from 2002 to 2009 under the E-Class model names. The W211 models replaced the W210 E-Class models and were superseded by the Mercedes-Benz W212 in 2009.
 USS Kilty (DD–137) was a Wickes-class destroyer in the United States Navy. She was the first ship named for Admiral Augustus Kilty.Kilty was launched 25 April 1918 by the Mare Island Navy Yard Vallejo California; sponsored by Miss Elizabeth Harrison Shapley; and commissioned 17 December 1918 Lieutenant Commander Timothy Jerome Keleher in command.
 The Zlin Z 42 is a single-engine two-seat Czechoslovakian trainer aircraft manufactured by Moravan Otrokovice. A developed version the Z 142 is the most popular aircraft variant in the manufacturer's aircraft line.
 The Toyota Corona T190 was launched in March 1992. The exterior dimensions and engine sizes remained in compliance with Japanese size regulations so as to continue to offer a product for Japanese buyers wanting to reduce their annual tax liability. This generation of Corona made its European debut at the Geneva Auto Show as the Carina E which replaced the Carina II (T170 Corona). The Carina E was built at Toyota's factory in Burnaston Derbyshire.
 Wallsend was a 2905 GRT cargo ship which was built in 1943 as Empire Buttress for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). Completed in July 1943 she was sold postwar and renamed Wallsend. In 1959 she was sold to Liberia and renamed Bordagain a further change of ownership in 1967 saw her renamed Daring. She served until 1976 when she was scrapped.
 The MV Royal Iris is a twin screw diesel-electric former Mersey Ferry. The vessel was built by William Denny & Brothers of Dumbarton (Yard No. 1448) and launched in December 1950 costing £256000.Her engines were produced by Ruston & Hornsby Metropolitan-Vickers. Propulsion: 4 oil 4SA each six cylinders driving four generators each 300 kW/300v DC-connected to two electric motors each 730shp and 2 shafts. Her maximum speed is 12 knots. Her weight is 1234 gross tonnes.
 The Lioré et Olivier LeO 20 was a French night-bomber aircraft built by Lioré et Olivier.
 The United States Army tugboat MG Winfield Scott (LT-805) was built by Moss Point Marine and delivered to the U.S. Army on 29 October 1993. She is named for Major General Winfield Scott.
 Lada XRAY is a concept car by AvtoVAZ. It was presented in August 2012 during the Moscow International Automobile Salon. It is designed by Steve Mattin.
 The first USS Manatee (SP-51) was an armed motorboat that served as a United States Navy patrol vessel from 1917 until sometime shortly after World War I.Manatee was built in 1915 as a wooden-hulled gasoline-powered private motorboat of the same name by Brown Brothers Shipyard at Tottenville on Staten Island New York. The U.S. Navy acquired her for World War I service from her owner J. B.
 The Type 053H3 (NATO codename Jiangwei II) were Chinese frigates that entered service with the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) in the 1990s and 2000s. The class comprised 10 vessels all of which remain in active service. They were a follow-on of the Type 053H2G Jiangwei I class.The Zulfiquar-class frigate used by the Pakistan Navy was based on the Type 053H3.
 USS Natahki (YTB-398) was a Sassaba-class harbor tug that served in the United States Navy from 1945 into the mid-1980s. The exact date she was decommissioned is unknown.The Natahki was assigned to the Pacific Fleet (11th Naval District San Diego California) upon delivery to the Navy. She served out the duration of World War II there and into 1946 when like many wartime ships she was placed in reserve as surplus.
 HMS Levant was a 28-gun Coventry-class sixth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy.
 The first USS Cimarron (officially changed from the original spelling Cimerone) was a sidewheel double-ended steam gunboat of the United States Navy that served during the American Civil War.Cimarron a large ship of 860 tons was outfitted as a mortar gunboat with six howitzers for riverside operations and as a blockade interceptor gunboat with a powerful 100-pounder rifle.
 HMS Hannibal was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built by Adams of Bucklers Hard and launched on 26 December 1779. She was subsequently captured by the French ship Héros off Sumatra on 21 January 1782.She was called Petit Annibal to distinguish her from the eponymous 74-gun Annibal which was in the same fleet. English-language histories often refer to her as Hannibal for this reason.
 SMS Königsberg was the lead ship of the Königsberg class of light cruisers built for the German Imperial Navy during World War I. She took the name of the earlier Königsberg which had been destroyed during the Battle of Rufiji Delta in 1915. The new ship was laid down in 1914 at the AG Weser shipyard launched in December 1915 and commissioned into the High Seas Fleet in August 1916.
 HMS Calpe was the former 14-gun polacca San José of the Spanish Navy originally built in 1796 in Greece. The British captured her in 1800 and commissioned her as a sloop-of-war. She served at the Battle of Algeciras Bay before the Navy sold her in 1802.
 USS Heyliger (DE-510) was a John C. Butler-class destroyer escort acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. The primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy in addition to other tasks as assigned such as patrol or radar picket.
 The Suzuki Cervo is a kei car manufactured by Suzuki Motor Corporation. Introduced in 1976 as the successor to the Suzuki Fronte Coupé the Cervo name was originally affixed to a kei sports coupe and then to models derived from the Suzuki Alto. The nameplate was retired between 1998 and 2006 and again in March 2010 although it may be revived for the Indian market in 2013.
 The LB&SCR L Class was a class of 4-6-4 steam tank locomotives designed by L. B. Billinton for the London Brighton and South Coast Railway. They were known as the Brighton Baltics Baltic being the European name for the 4-6-4 wheel arrangement. Seven examples were built between April 1914 and April 1922 and they were used for express passenger services.
 The Ducati Hypermotard is a Supermoto Ducati motorcycle designed by Pierre Terblanche and was first seen at the November 2005 EICMA trade show in Milan. The Hypermotard was awarded Best of Show at EICMA and has since won other show awards.The Hypermotard has a 1078 cc (65.8 cu in) dual spark (see 2010 MY revisions) 'Desmo' or 'Desmodromic' aired-cooled two-valve 90° V-twin engine with fuel injection and weighs under 180 kg (396 lb).
 The Kellett K-2 was a two-seat autogiro developed in the United States in the early 1930s. Later examples were designated K-3 and K-4 when equipped with more powerful engines. In design it was similar to the Cierva and Pitcairn autogiros of the day; an airplane-like fuselage with a nose-mounted engine surmounted by a rotor mast. Also like some of Cierva's designs the K-2 featured stubby fixed wings for additional lift and as a mount for ailerons for lateral control.
 The Renault PR100.3 was a city bus marketed in Australia based on the Renault R312. The bus like the PR100.2 was a package with a standard R 312 front chassis and dash (with steering column) and choices of bodywork.
 The Aero A.14 was a Czechoslovakian biplane military reconnaissance aircraft built in the 1920s. It was essentially a slightly modified version of the Hansa-Brandenburg B.I aircraft that Aero had been built during World War I as the Ae.10 and for this reason the aircraft is sometimes referred to as the A.14 Brandenburg. When equipped with a slightly different engine (the Hiero L in place of the standard Hiero N) the aircraft was designated A.15 instead.
 The schooner Clotilde (or Clotilda) was the last known U.S. slave ship to bring captives from Africa to the United States arriving at Mobile Bay in autumn 1859 (some sources give the date as July 9 1860) with 110-160 slaves. The ship was a two-masted schooner 86 ft long by 23 ft (26 × 7 m) and it was burned and scuttled at Mobile Bay soon after.
 German submarine U-286 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.The submarine was laid down on 3 August 1942 at the Bremer Vulkan yard at Bremen-Vegesack as 'werk' 51. She was launched on 21 April 1943 and commissioned on 5 June under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Willi Dietrich.She was sunk by British warships in April 1945 off Murmansk.
 Vénus was a corvette of the French Navy that the British captured in 1800. Renamed HMS Scout she served briefly in the Channel before being wrecked by accident in 1801 a few days after taking a major prize.
 The Lumeneo Neoma was a city electric car manufactured by Lumeneo in France. The concept car was unveiled at the 2010 Paris Motor Show. Production began in March 2013 and retails deliveries in the French market began in May 2013. The Neoma had a range of 140 km (87 mi) under the NEDC cycle and a top speed of 100 km/h (62 mph).The Neoma price started at €21700 (~US$28900) excluding the battery pack and before the €7000 government bonus available in France.
 The Brave was a 74-gun Argonaute class ship of the line of the French Navy.Commissioned in 1781 she was put in the reserve in 1788 but reactivated in March 1791. Two years later she was decommissioned again and razeed to a 52-gun frigate. She took part in the Biscay campaign of June 1795 under Captain Antoine René Thévenard.She later served under Captain Rolland and was used as a hulk in Toulon from 1798.
 HMS Himalaya was ordered by the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company as SS Himalaya. She was purchased by the Royal Navy in 1854 and served with them until 1920. She was sunk in 1940.The SS Himalaya was a 3438 gross register ton iron steam screw passenger ship. When launched she was the largest ship in the P & O fleet and was not exceeded in size until the SS Australia of 1870.
 HMS Defiance was a 64-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 31 August 1772 at Woolwich.Defiance was wrecked in 1780.
 The Fiat 125 is a large family car introduced by Fiat in 1967 and produced by them until 1972. Derivatives were built under license outside Italy until the 1990s. As launched the car was unusual in blending saloon car passenger accommodation with sports car performance a combination which would be more widely adopted by the European volume auto-makers in the decade ahead.
 USS N-7 (SS-59) was an N-class coastal defense submarine of the United States Navy. Her keel was laid down on 20 April 1915 by Lake Torpedo Boat Company in Bridgeport Connecticut. N-boats built by Lake had slightly different specifications from the ones built by Seattle Construction and Drydock and are sometimes considered a separate class.She was launched on 19 May 1917 sponsored by Mrs Frank Miller and commissioned on 15 June 1918 with Lieutenant Walter S. Kass in command.
 The S/Y Argo is a two-masted Marconi rigged schooner. She is owned and operated by Seamester Global Programs as a sail training vessel. Argo is certified and inspected by the British Maritime and Coastguard Agency as a Category “0” vessel allowing her unrestricted operation in the world's oceans. She is registered in Road Town Tortola British Virgin Islands.
 HMS Phoenix was a fourth rate frigate of the English Royal Navy built by Peter Pett II at Woolwich and launched in 1647. The term 'frigate' during the period of this ship referred to a method of construction rather than a role which did not develop until the following century. As completed she was established with a peacetime 32 guns but by 1652 carried 38 guns as a wartime establishment.
 The Hawker Sea Hawk was a British single-seat jet fighter of the Fleet Air Arm (FAA) the air branch of the Royal Navy (RN) built by Hawker Aircraft and its sister company Armstrong Whitworth Aircraft. Although its origins stemmed from earlier Hawker piston-engined fighters the Sea Hawk became the company's first jet aircraft. After successful acceptance in the RN the type proved to be a reliable and sturdy workhorse and went on to export success abroad.
 The Pipistrel Alpha Trainer is a Slovenian light-sport aircraft intended specifically for flight training designed and produced by Pipistrel.
 The ALCO S2 and S4 were 1000 horsepower (746 kW) switcher diesel-electric locomotives produced by ALCO and Canadian licensee Montreal Locomotive Works (MLW). Basically the two locomotives differed only in trucks with the S-2 using ALCO's own Blunt trucks and the S-4 riding on standard AAR type A switcher trucks. Both were powered by ALCO 539 turbocharged 6-cylinder diesels.
 HMAS Balikpapan (L 126) was the lead ship of the Balikpapan class of heavy landing craft (LCH). Ordered in 1969 Balikpapan entered service with the Australian Army Water Transport Squadron in late 1971. After this the decision to place all seagoing Army vessels under the control of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) saw Balikpapan transferred and commissioned in 1974; the last of the eight-vessel class to enter RAN service.
 USS Gladiola (SP-184) was an armed yacht that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1919.Gladiola was built as a civilian motor yacht of the same name in 1911 by Hudson Yacht and Building Company at Nyack New York. The U.S. Navy acquired her from her owner Coburn Haskell on 17 April 1917 for World War I service as a patrol vessel. She was commissioned as USS Gladiola (SP-184) on 1 May 1917 with Ensign John S.
 The Diadem class cruiser was a class of First-Class protected cruiser built for the Royal Navy during the 1890s that served in the First World War. The class consisted of eight ships built at a cost of around £600000 each.They were considered good sea boats but criticised for their lack of a heavy calibre main armament bulky unprotected sides average speed and lack of manoeuvrability despite being considered large ships when completed.
 Two Bullfinch-class destroyers served with the British Royal Navy; Bullfinch and Dove were both built by Earle's Shipbuilding company in Hull in 1898. They were 345-ton class C-class destroyers sporting three funnels and capable of a speed of 30 knots (56 km/h) thanks to their Thornycroft boilers. They were 210 feet long generated 5800 HP and carried a full complement of 63 officers and men.
 USS Brambling (AMS-42/YMS-109) was a YMS-1-class auxiliary motor minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the task of removing mines from water that had been placed there to prevent ships from passing.The second ship to be named Brambling by the Navy was laid down as YMS-109 on 21 May 1941 at Manitowoc Wisconsin by the Burger Boat Co.; launched on 16 May 1942; and commissioned on 23 September 1942 Lt. Crittenden B. Taylor USNR in command.
 The Storm Rally (originally marketed as the SG Aviation Rallye) is a sport aircraft of composite construction developed in Italy in the 1990s.
 SS Twin Falls Victory named after Twin Falls Idaho was a Victory ship built for World War II. Converted to a Missile Range Instrumentation Ship she was initially operated by the US Air Force as USAF Twin Falls Victory before coming under US Navy control and being named USNS Twin Falls (T-AGM-11/T-AGS-37). She later had a third career as the training ship SS John W. Brown II.
 USS Monterey (1862) was a steamer purchased by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the navy as a tugboat for several decades on the U.S. West Coast.Monterey a steam screw tug was built as Monitor in 1862 by Eden Landing San Francisco California; purchased by the Navy from William Mighell 20 April 1863; renamed Monterey 18 May 1863: and placed in service the same day.
 The Rachel Marie is a 77-foot (23 m) 172 passenger passenger-only ferry operating between downtown Seattle and Vashon Island.She is owned by Four Seasons Marine and operated by the King County Ferry District as part of the King County Water Taxi fleet.
 USS Fearnot (1861) was purchased by the Union Navy for service during the American Civil War. She was assigned to blockade duty for which she was prepared with her powerful rifled guns capable of accurately firing 32 pound rounds. Fearnot was built by G. W Jackman Jr. Newburyport Massachusetts; purchased by the Union Navy 20 July 1861; and commissioned 28 August 1861 Acting Master E. H. Faucon in command.
 Space Technology Research Vehicle or STRV was a series of British microsatellites which operated in elliptical orbits around the Earth. The satellites were built by the Defence Research Agency at Farnborough for the UK Ministry of Defence.
 The Scania 4-series bus range was introduced by Scania AB in 1997 and was superseded by the F-series N-series and the K-series. It is the successor of 3-series bus range and is available in several different forms:
 The SS Princess Sophia was a steel-built coastal passenger liner in the coastal service fleet of the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR). Along with the SS Princess Adelaide the SS Princess Alice and the SS Princess Mary the SS Princess Sophia was one of four sister ships built for CPR during 1910-1911.On 25 October 1918 the Sophia sank with the loss of all aboard after grounding on Vanderbilt Reef in Lynn Canal near Juneau Alaska.
 The Eastman E-2 Sea Rover also called the Beasley-Eastman E-2 Sea Rover was a light seaplane built in the late 1920s for business and shuttle use.
 The wreck of the Waterloo a British convict ship occurred on 28 August 1842 when a north-westerly gale struck Table Bay and drove ashore the Waterloo the troopship Abercrombie Robinson and several other vessels lying at anchor nearby.
 The Honda CBR125R is a 125 cc four-stroke engine sport bike made by Honda. The CBR125R first appeared on the market in 2004. It is manufactured in Thailand alongside the CBR150R the latter for the Far East market.
 The L&YR Class 30 (Hughes) was a class of 0-8-0 steam locomotives of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway. The class was designed by George Hughes and introduced in 1910. Twenty-nine were rebuilds from Aspinall's L&YR Class 30 and 40 were new locomotives.
 The Odakyu 2000 series (小田急2000形 Odakyū 2000-gata) is a commuter electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by the private railway operator Odakyu Electric Railway in Japan since 1995.A total of nine 8-car sets were manufactured between 1995 and 2001 in three batches. The design was based on the earlier 1000 series sets with some of the passenger doors increased in width from 1300 to 1600 mm (4 ft 3 in to 5 ft 3 in) to help reduce station dwell times.
 The BMW M Roadster is the BMW M performance model of the BMW Z3 and BMW Z4 convertibles. It was produced between 1998 and 2002 and again during the 2006-2008 model years. All models were produced in the Spartanburg South Carolina manufacturing facility though the complete M engine was imported from Germany.
 The 700 series (700系) is a Japanese Shinkansen high-speed train type built between 1997 and 2006 and entering service in 1999. Originally designated as N300 during the development phase they formed the next generation of shinkansen vehicles jointly designed by JR Central and JR West for use on both Tokaido and Sanyo Shinkansen lines.
 TSS (twin-screw steamer) Fairstar (Fairstar the Fun Ship) was a popular Australian based cruise ship operating out of Sydney for 22 years. Originally completed in 1957 as the British troopship Oxfordshire was converted to become the Fairstar in 1964 for immigrant voyages and from December 1974 was permanently engaged in cruising.
 The Hyundai FB (hangul: 현대 에프비 현대FB) is a line of front engine bus built by Hyundai Motor Company.They are commonly referred to as FB spelling in your Front engine Bus.In Japan Asia-Pacific Mid-East Africa South America its principal competitors are Asia AM907 Daewoo BF101/BF105.
 The Australian light destroyer project aimed to build a class of small destroyers for the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). The project began in 1966 with the goal of developing simple light destroyers (DDL) to support patrol boat operations. The project was rescoped in 1969 when the Navy decided to use the ships to replace other destroyers as they retired leading to an increase in the design's size and complexity.
 SS Orkla was a steam ship that operated the line between Thamshavn in Orkdal and Trondheim in the Trondheim Fjord in Norway between 1908 and 1949. It was built at Trondheims Mekaniske Verksted in Trondheim and went into operation at the same time as the railway line Thamshavn Line opened between Thamshavn and Løkken Verk. It operate two round trips each day and was owned by Chr. Salvesen & Chr.
 USS R-18 (SS-95) was an R-class coastal and harbor defense submarine of the United States Navy. Her keel was laid down on 16 June 1917 by the Union Iron Works in San Francisco California. She was launched on 8 January 1918 sponsored by Miss Marion S. Russell and commissioned on 11 September 1918 with Lieutenant Commander Felix X. Gygax in command.
 The Virago 250 is an entry-level cruiser motorcycle built by Yamaha Motor Company. It has a claimed top speed of 85 mph.
 USS Earle (DD-635/DMS-42) a Gleaves-class destroyer is the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Rear Admiral Ralph Earle.Earle was launched 10 December 1941 by Boston Navy Yard; sponsored by Mrs. John F. Hines Jr. daughter of Rear Admiral Earle; and commissioned 1 September 1942 Lieutenant Commander H. W. Howe in command.
 The Napier Bentley is a vintage racing car; a one-off special built in 1968 by David Llewellyn. It was built on a Sunbeam chassis but after a serious accident was re-built on the chassis of a 1929 8 Litre Bentley. It has a 24 Litre Napier Sea Lion W12 boat engine based on the Napier Lion aeroplane engine (the same as that used in the silver Napier-Railton which it resembles closely) which develops approximately 550 bhp (410 kW).
 The Eclipse 500 is a small six-seat business jet aircraft manufactured by Eclipse Aviation. Eclipse 500 became the first of a new class of Very Light Jet when it was delivered in late 2006. The aircraft is powered by two lightweight Pratt & Whitney Canada PW610F turbofan engines in aft fuselage-mounted nacelles.Production of the Eclipse 500 was halted in mid-2008 due to lack of funding and the company entered Chapter 11 bankruptcy on 25 November 2008.
 The Geo/Chevrolet Prizm (Chevrolet Prizm starting 1998) was a compact car derived from the Japanese domestic market Toyota Sprinter and jointly developed by Toyota and General Motors.
 Vestale was a Blonde class 30-gun frigate of the French Navy.She took part in the Battle of Quiberon Bay (Nov 1759) and was captured by HMS Unicorn 8 January 1761 and recommissioned in the Royal Navy as HMS Flora. She was scuttled by the British on 5 (or 8) August 1778 off Rhode Island to prevent capture.She was refloated repaired and sold to the French Navy in 1784 where she was known as Flore américaine to distinguish her from another Flore built since.
 USS Patuxent (AT-11) was a sea-going tugboat in the U.S. Navy from 1909 to 1924. Her principal task was to come to the rescue of disabled ships at sea. She served the U.S. Atlantic Fleet and was decommissioned after World War I in 1924.
 The Douglas SBD Dauntless was a World War II American naval scout plane and dive bomber that was manufactured by Douglas Aircraft from 1940 through 1944. The SBD (Scout Bomber Douglas) was the U.S. Navy's main carrier-borne scout plane and dive bomber from mid-1940 through mid-1944. The SBD was also flown by the U.S. Marine Corps both from land air bases and aircraft carriers.
 German submarine U-403 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She carried out eight patrols. She sank two ships.She was a member of twelve wolfpacks.She was sunk by a French aircraft west of Dakar in August 1943.
 HMS Condor was the name-ship of the Royal Navy Condor-class composite gunvessel of 3 guns.
 Messerschmitt's designation Me 209 was used for two different projects during the late 1930s and early 1940s. The first was a record-setting single-engine racing aircraft for which little or no consideration was given to adaptation for combat. The second Me 209 was a proposal for a new development from the lineage that produced the highly successful Bf 109 that served as the Luftwaffe's primary fighter throughout World War II.
 USS Orange (PF-43) a Tacoma-class frigate was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Orange Texas.Orange (PF-43) was originally authorized as PG-151; reclassified PF–43 on 15 April 1943; laid down by the Consolidated Steel Corporation Wilmington Yard Los Angeles California on 7 July 1943; launched 6 August 1943; sponsored by Mrs. Rufus S. Manley of Orange Texas; commissioned 1 January 1944.
 HMAS Diamantina (M 86) named after the Diamantina River is a Huon class minehunter currently serving in the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). Built by a joint partnership between Australian Defence Industries (ADI) and Intermarine SpA Diamantina was constructed at ADI's Newcastle shipyard and entered service in 2000.
 USCGC Vigilant (WMEC-617) is a United States Coast Guard medium endurance cutter. She is the twelfth cutter to bear the name Vigilant dating back to 1790 when the original Vigilant was built for the Revenue Cutter Service. She was commissioned on October 3 1964 at Todd Shipyards in Houston Texas at a cost of 2.3 million dollars. From 1964 through 1989 Vigilant was homeported in New Bedford Massachusetts.
 The Leduc 0.21 was a research aircraft built in France in 1953 to refine the practicalities of ramjet propulsion. Initially proposed as the 0.20 it was essentially similar to its predecessor the Leduc 0.10 but scaled up by around 30% with tip tanks added to the wings. Again it was not capable of take-off under its own power and had to be carried aloft and released.
 USS LST-325 is a decommissioned tank landing ship of the United States Navy now docked in Evansville Indiana. Like many of her class she was not named and is properly referred to by her hull designation (LSTs in service after July 1955 were named after U.S. counties and parishes).The ship was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 USS LST-565 was a United States Navy LST-542-class tank landing ship in commission from 1944 to 1946.
 The Puma is a two-seater ultralight manufactured by Aero-service Jacek Skopiński.
 The RagWing RW4 Midwing Sport is a single seat strut-braced mid wing single engine ultralight aircraft designed by Roger Mann and sold as plans by RagWing Aircraft Designs for amateur construction.
 The Mini Hatch (U.S.: Hardtop) is a three-door hatchback first introduced in late 2000 and a second generation was launched in 2006. A convertible version was introduced in 2004 with the second generation following in 2008. The new Mini is produced in Cowley at Plant Oxford. The Mini Hatch was the first model launched by BMW under the Mini marque after the original Mini was discontinued in 2000. The new BMW Mini is technically unrelated to the old car.
 The Breda A.7 was a reconnaissance aircraft developed in Italy for use by the Regia Aeronautica in 1929. It was a braced parasol monoplane of conventional configuration with tailskid undercarriage. The pilot and observer sat in tandem open cockpits. A single prototype of a long-range example originally designated A.7 Raid and later A.16 (or Ba.16) was also constructed but the air force showed no interest in it.
 HMCS St. Laurent (DDH 205) was a St. Laurent-class destroyer that served in the Royal Canadian Navy and later the Canadian Forces from 1955-1974.She was the lead ship of her class having been commissioned into the RCN on 29 October 1955 and initially carried the pennant number DDE 205 as a destroyer escort. She underwent conversion to a destroyer helicopter escort (DDH) in the early 1960s and was officially reclassed with pennant DDH 205 on 4 October 1963.St.
 Starting in 1959 the SBB-CFF-FFS put motored coaches of the type RBe 540 (old designation RBe 4/4) into service for push-pull operation on the Gotthard line.
 HMS Pitcairn (K589) was a Colony-class frigate of the United Kingdom that served during World War II. She originally was ordered by the United States Navy as the Tacoma-class patrol frigate USS Pilford (PF-85) and was transferred to the Royal Navy prior to completion.
 HMS Drake was a 14-gun brig-sloop of the Royal Navy. She was bought from a commercial builder during the early years of the American War of Independence and went on to support operations in the English Channel and the Caribbean. At one stage she assisted an attack on a French-held island an expedition commanded by a young Horatio Nelson. Laid up for a time after the end of the American War of Independence she returned to service shortly before the outbreak of the French Revolutionary Wars.
 USS Norman Scott (DD-690) was a United States Navy Fletcher-class destroyer named for Rear-Admiral Norman Scott (1889–1942) who was killed in the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal and awarded the Medal of Honor.Norman Scott was laid down 26 April 1943 by Bath Iron Works Bath Maine; launched 28 August 1943; sponsored by Mrs. Norman Scott; and commissioned 5 November 1943 Commander Seymour D. Owens in command.
 SS Gneisenau was a 18160 GRT Norddeutscher Lloyd ocean liner that was launched and completed in 1935. Like several other German ships of the same name she was named after the Prussian Generalfeldmarschall and military reformer August Neidhardt von Gneisenau (1760–1831).Gneisenau was the second of three sister ships built for NDL.
 HMS Diadem was a Dido-class light cruiser of the Bellona subgroup of the Royal Navy. She was a modified Dido design with only four turrets but improved AA armament - aka Dido Group 2. She was built by R. and W. Hawthorn Leslie and Company Limited (Hebburn-on-Tyne) UK) with the keel being laid down on 15 December 1939.
 The Mitsubishi ESR (Ecological Science Research) is a hybrid electric vehicle (HEV) concept exhibited by Mitsubishi Motors at the 30th Tokyo Motor Show in 1993. It was designed to demonstrate the company's technological developments in alternative energy and used a 70 kW AC induction motor to drive the front wheels. 28 alkaline batteries housed under the passenger compartment and a rear-mounted 1.5 litre gasoline engine powered an on-board electrical generator system.
 German submarine U-133 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II. She was laid down on 10 August 1940 by Vegesacker Werft Bremen-Vegesack as Werk 12 launched on 28 April 1941 and commissioned on 5 July that year. U-133 sank after striking a mine probably a German one off Salamis Island on 14 March 1942. All hands were lost in the event.
 HMS Amazon was a Tribal-class destroyer of the Royal Navy launched in 1908 and sold in 1919. During the First World War she served in the North Sea and the English Channel with the 6th Destroyer Flotilla.
 USS Phoenix (SSN-702) a Los Angeles-class submarine was the fifth ship of the United States Navy to be named Phoenix and the third to be named after the city Phoenix Arizona (the first two were named after the mythological bird). The contract to build her was awarded to the Electric Boat Division of General Dynamics Corporation in Groton Connecticut on 31 October 1973 and her keel was laid down on 30 July 1977. She was launched on 8 December 1979 sponsored by Mrs. John J.
 The Advanced Soaring Concepts Spirit also called the Advanced Soaring Concepts American Spirit is an American mid-wing T-tailed. single-seat FAI Standard Class glider that was designed by Tor Jensen and produced by Advanced Soaring Concepts first flying in 1992. The aircraft was produced in kit form for amateur construction.
 HMS Spartiate was a ship of the Diadem-class of protected cruiser in the Royal Navy. She was built at Pembroke Dock and launched on October 27 1898. She was a stokers' training ship in 1914 and was renamed Fisgard in June 1915. She survived the War and was sold in July 1932. She returned to Pembroke to be broken up.
 The Jeep Gladiator (or Jeep Pickup) is a full-size pickup truck based on the large SJ (Jeep Wagoneer) platform that was built and sold under numerous marques from 1962 to 1988. The Jeep pickup design was noteworthy for being in production for more than 26 years with only minor mechanical changes. The Gladiator was the basis of the first post-war U.S. Army trucks designed to be civilian vehicles and adapted to military use.
 Conte Biancamano was an Italian liner launched in 1925. The name was chosen in honor of Humbert I Biancamano founder of the Savoy. She was built in the Scottish shipyard William Beardmore & Co. in Dalmuir near Glasgow. She was built for the Genovese shipping company Lloyd Sabaudo operator of the Conte Rosso and Conte Verde. The engine equipped with two steam turbines double reduction unit and two propellers allowed her to reach a speed of 20 knots and vented in two funnels.
 Nahlin is a luxury yacht and one of the last of three large steam yachts constructed in the UK. She was built for Lady Annie Henrietta Yule heiress of Sir David Yule and was launched in 1930. She is currently owned by British industrial entrepreneur Sir James Dyson who purchased her from Sir Anthony Bamford Chairman of JCB.
 MV Silver Shadow is a cruise ship which entered service in 2000 and is operated by Silversea Cruises. The passenger capacity is 382 passengers and there are 295 crew members. Her sister ship is the Silver Whisper and both ships were built by the Mariotti Shipyard in Genoa Italy. They both have a high space-to-passenger ratio at 74 providing more space per passenger than any other cruise ship. Space ratio is calculated by dividing a vessel's gross tonnage by its passenger capacity.
 Nickel Plate Road 587 is a USRA Light 2–8–2 steam locomotive built in September 1918 by the Baldwin Locomotive Works for the Lake Erie and Western Railroad as its number 5541. In 1923 the LE&W was merged into the New York Chicago and St. Louis Railroad (Nickel Plate Road) and allocated 587 as its new number in 1924. As of 2005 the locomotive is being restored by the Indiana Transportation Museum.NKP No. 587 is generally referred to as a Baldwin locomotive.
 The Type 041 submarine (NATO code name Yuan class) is a class of diesel-electric submarine in China's People's Liberation Army Navy. It is China's first AIP powered submarine. This class was first launched at Wuhan Shipyard and is the successor of the Type 039. The official Chinese designation is 039A as the ship is based on the 039 class but as the 039A has very little resemblance to the 039 it is commonly referred to as the Type 041.
 The Frederick was a ship that was wrecked at Cape Flinders on Stanley Island Queensland Australia in 1818.Frederick Reefs in the Coral Sea Islands over 220 nautical miles (410 km) northeast of Gladstone Queensland gets its name from the Frederick which first reported sighting of the reef.The reefs were discovered in 1812 by the Frederick.
 The second HMS Foley (K473) was a British Captain-class frigate of the Royal Navy in commission during World War II. Originally constructed as the United States Navy Evarts-class destroyer escort USS Gillette (DE-270) she served in the Royal Navy from 1943 to 1945 and in the U.S. Navy as USS Foley (DE-270) from August to October 1945.
 HMS Pembroke was a 60-gun fourth-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched at Deptford on 22 November 1694.Pembroke was captured in 1709 recaptured in 1711 and finally sold to Spain in Genoa in 1713 and renamed Lanfranco. She saw action in the Siege of Barcelona under D. Andrés del Pez and participated in the expeditions to Genoa in 1714 to Majorca in 1715 and to South America in 1716. In 1718 she captured two French privateer frigates off Montevideo.
 HMS Calliope was a Calypso-class corvette (later classified as a third-class cruiser) of the Royal Navy which served from 1887 until 1951. Exemplifying the transitional nature of the late Victorian navy Calliope was a sailing corvette – last such ship built for the Royal Navy – but supplemented the full sail rig with a powerful engine.
 The first USS Emerald was steam yacht that served in a non-commissioned status as a ferry boat at the Portsmouth Navy Yard at Kittery Maine from 1864 to 1883.
 The Short S.81 was an experimental British gun-carrying pusher biplane seaplane ordered from Short Brothers by the British Admiralty in 1913 for use by the Royal Naval Air Service.The seaplane manufacturers serial number S.81 was built at Eastchurch and allocated the military serial number 126. S.81 was delivered to Calshot on 25 May 1914 and accepted by the Navy on 2 June 1914. It had three-bay wings with overhanging upper wings and was powered by a 160 hp (119 kW) Gnome rotary engine.
 The Hennessey Venom GT is an American sports car manufactured by Texas-based Hennessey Performance Engineering. It was revealed on March 29 2010.On January 21 2013 the Venom GT set an average 0–300 kilometres per hour (0–186 mph) acceleration time of 13.63 seconds.
 INS Sindhuraj (S57) is a Sindhughosh-class diesel-electric submarine of the Indian Navy.
 SS Empire Addison was a 7010 ton steamship which was built in 1941 for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) she was sold in 1945 becoming Philosopher and sold to Liberia in 1959 and renamed Aiolos serving until scrapped in 1963.
 The Velocity XL (XL: Extra Large) is an American amateur-built aircraft produced by Velocity Inc.. It is an enlarged version of their Velocity SE canard pusher design.
 HMS Falkland was a 50-gun fourth-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built by Holland of New Castle New Hampshire and purchased by the navy in 1696.She had the distinction of being the first warship built in what would nearly a century later become the United States of America. She was ordered by the British Admiralty in 1690 and delivered on 2 March 1696. During her career she escorted merchant ships to America and in 1704 engaged the 36-gun French ship La Seine off the Azores.
 SS Vadala was a 3334-long-ton (3388 t) Steamship with a length of 340 feet (100 m) breadth of 43.1 feet (13.1 m) and draught of 26 feet (7.9 m). She was built by William Denny and Company Dumbarton for the British-India Steam Navigation Company (B.I.S.N.) in 1890. She had quadruple expansion 315 nhp steam engines. She was one of the early B.I.S.N.
 Sisu K-50SS is a six-wheel-driven heavy hauler made by the Finnish heavy vehicle producer Suomen Autoteollisuus (SAT). The vehicle can generate a 388 kN drawing force and it was used for pulling flatbed trailers.Only one unit was produced in 1961 and it is the all-time largest automobile ever built in the Nordic countries.
 The Hecla class formed the backbone of the Royal Navy's ocean survey fleet from the mid-1960s. Three ships HMS Hecla HMS Hecate and HMS Hydra were ordered in the early 1960s to replace the aging survey ships HMS Scott and HMS Shackleton.The hull design was based on that of the RRS Discovery and the Hecla class were built to commercial standards costing £1.25 million each.
 The Douglas C-47 Skytrain or Dakota (RAF designation) is a military transport aircraft developed from the civilian Douglas DC-3 airliner. It was used extensively by the Allies during World War II and remained in front line service with various military operators through the 1950s.
 SS Kiche Maru was a Japanese steamship that sank during a typhoon on 22 September 1912. Although more than 1000 people died the disaster has been overshadowed by the earlier loss (on 15 April 1912) of RMS Titanic and by the fact that it was part of the casualties of a tropical storm in Southern Japan.
 The Ritter Special is an American Homebuilt aircraft design.
 Affondatore was an ironclad warship of the Regia Marina (Italian Royal Navy) built in the 1860s. Her name translates as Sinker.She was an armoured turret-ship built by Harrison Millwall London for the Italian navy. Construction commenced in 1863; the ship despite being incomplete was brought to Italy a few days before the Third Italian War of Independence.Eight boilers powered one steam engine generating 2700 HP and propelling her at 12 knots.
 HMS Goliath was a 74-gun third rate ship of the line in the Royal Navy. She was launched on 19 October 1781 at Deptford Dockyard. She was present at the Battle of Cape St Vincent Battle of the Nile and Battle of Copenhagen. She was broken up in 1815.
 The USS Shelton (DE-407) was a John C. Butler-class destroyer escort (DE) built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named for Ensign James A. Shelton (a naval aviator who was reported missing during the Battle of Midway) she was the first of two U.S. Naval vessels to bear the name.Shelton was laid down on 1 November 1943 by Brown Shipbuilding of Houston Texas; launched on 18 December 1943; sponsored by Mrs. John Shelton; and commissioned on 4 April 1944 with Lieutenant Lewis B.
 USS Kansas City (AOR-3) was the third of the Wichita-class replenishment oilers. She was the second ship to be named for the city of Kansas City Missouri.The keel was laid on 18 April 1968 at the Fore River Shipyard in Quincy Massachusetts and the ship was launched on 1 June 1969. The ship was commissioned on 6 June 1970 and saw service in the Vietnam War and Operation Desert Storm.
 USS Gamma (1863) was a small steamer acquired by the Union Navy during close of the American Civil War. She was employed by the Navy as a tugboat and since she carried a spar torpedo as a torpedo boat capable of ramming and sinking another ship with her explosive torpedo.
 HMS Spur was an S class submarine of the Royal Navy and part of the Third Group built of that class. She was built by Cammell Laird and launched on November 17 1944.
 The Heinkel HD 37 was a fighter aircraft designed in Germany in the late 1920s but produced in the USSR for Soviet Air Force service. It was a compact single-bay biplane with staggered wings of unequal span braced by N-type interplane struts. The pilot sat in an open cockpit and the main units of the tailskid undercarriage were linked by a cross-axle.
 The St Andrews Viking is a family of American powered parachutes that was designed and manufactured by St Andrews Aviation of Panama City Florida and later produced by Viking Aircraft also of Panama City.
 The Curtiss Thrush (Curtiss model 56) was a 1929 six passenger high-wing fixed undercarriage single engine cabin monoplane airliner and utility transport powered by either a Curtiss Challenger or Wright Whirlwind radial engine and built as an enlargement of the earlier Curtiss Robin.
 The Shenyang J-6 (Chinese: 歼-6; designated F-6 for export versions; NATO Code: Farmer) was the Chinese-built version of the Soviet MiG-19 'Farmer' fighter aircraft.
 The João Coutinho-class corvettes were a series of corvettes built for the Portuguese Navy for service in Portugal's African colonies. The corvettes were designed in Portugal by naval engineer Rogério de Oliveira but the urgent need of their services in the Portuguese Colonial War meant that the construction of the ships was assigned to foreign shipyards. Six ships were built; the first three ships were built by Blohm + Voss and the remaining three by Empresa Nacional Bazán.
 Royal Louis was a First-rate ship of the line of the French Royal Navy but was never completed. Launch was scheduled to be in 1743 but in December 1742 she was set alight while still on the stocks and burnt. It was claimed that this was an act of sabotage by a Señor Pontleau who was tried and executed for the offence.
 The Ford D3 platform (called P2 by Volvo) is a Ford global full-size car automobile platform. It was designed by Volvo before its 1999 acquisition by Ford debuting with the 1998 Volvo S80. The platform is designed for either front- or all wheel drive on a variety of wheelbases.
 USS Sarah Bruen (1862) was a wooden schooner acquired by the United States Navy during the beginning of the American Civil War.After being installed with a large (13”) mortar Sarah Bruen was used by the Union Navy in its blockade of Confederate States of America ports and waterways as a gunship whose main task was to bombard elevated targets which could not be reached by standard cannon or rifled guns.
 The NASA Helios Prototype was the fourth and final aircraft developed as part of an evolutionary series of solar- and fuel-cell-system-powered unmanned aerial vehicles. AeroVironment Inc. developed the vehicles under NASA's Environmental Research Aircraft and Sensor Technology (ERAST) program.
 The BSA B44 Shooting Star was a motorcycle made by BSA at their factory in Small Heath Birmingham. Similar to the BSA C15 and sharing many of the same parts the B44 had an uprated chassis.
 The DFS 331 was a transport glider prototype developed in a collaboration between DFS and Gotha. It was a twenty seat troop transport designed by Hans Jacobs who had previously produced the successful nine seat DFS 230.The visibility from the cockpit was good with the entire nose being glazed and the body was very wide allowing it to carry light Flak guns and small military vehicles. A single prototype was built and flown in 1941. The project was passed over in favour of the Gotha Go 242.
 HMIS Tir was a River-class frigate of the Royal Indian Navy (RIN). She was acquired from the Royal Navy where she served as HMS Bann during World War II. She was commissioned into the RIN in December 1945.She was converted into a midshipman's training ship in Bombay in 1948. After the Indian independence she was inducted into the Indian Navy as INS Tir. In 1953 she took part in the Fleet Review to celebrate the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II.She was decommissioned in 1977.
 Athelqueen was an 8202 GRT tanker which was built by Harland & Wolff Ltd Belfast in 1942 as Empire Benefit for the Ministry of War Transport. Postwar she was sold into merchant service and renamed Athelqueen and later Mariverda serving until scrapped in 1961.
 USS SC-499 was a SC-497 class submarine chaser that served in the United States Navy and later the United States Coast Guard during World War II. She was laid down as SC-499 on 24 February 1941 by the Fisher Boat Works in Detroit Michigan and launched on 24 October 1941. She was commissioned as USS SC-499 on 18 March 1942. She was later transferred to the Coast Guard on 20 August 1945. Her exact fate is unknown.
 USS Fessenden (DE-142) was an Edsall-class destroyer escort built for the U.S. Navy during World War II. She served in the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean and provided destroyer escort protection against submarine and air attack for Navy vessels and convoys.She was named in honor of Reginald Aubrey Fessenden born in Brome County Quebec Canada 6 October 1866. He served as head chemist with Thomas Edison's East Orange New Jersey laboratories.
 For similarly named ships see USS Josephine.USS Josephine H. II (SP-245) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1918.Josephine H. II was built as a civilian motorboat of the same name in 1912 by the Bosserdet Yacht and Engine Company. The U.S. Navy acquired her from her owners John R. Shuman et al. in July 1917 for World War I service as a patrol vessel. She was commissioned on 3 August 1917 as USS Josephine H. II (SP-245) with Chief Boatswain's Mate G. F.
 The Koolhoven F.K.53 Junior was a small sport aircraft built in the Netherlands in 1936. It was a low-wing cantilever monoplane of conventional design with tandem seating for two under a long canopy. The wings had a gull shape and carried the main units of the tailwheel undercarriage. Two examples were built and both destroyed in the German bombing of Waalhaven in May 1940. The first machine built had been purchased by the Dutch national flying school.
 The Supermarine Sea Eagle was a British passenger–carrying amphibious flying boat. It was designed and built by the Supermarine Aviation Works for its subsidiary the British Marine Air Navigation Co Ltd to be used on their cross-channel route between Southampton the Channel Islands and France.
 USS Hunter Liggett (APA-14) was a Harris-class attack transport that served with the US Navy during World War II. Hunter Liggett was built as SS Pan America in 1922 by the Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation of Sparrows Point Maryland and after sailing for many years as a passenger ship was transferred to the Army and renamed Hunter Liggett in February 1939.
 The Canada class ships of the line were a series of four 74-gun third rates designed for the Royal Navy by William Bateley. The name ship of the class was launched in 1765.
 MV Kalia (formerly the MV Montauk) is a small double-hulled oil tanker managed by Adminros Shipmanagement Company Ltd. and registered under the flag of Cyprus. The 109-meter-long ship has a nominal crew of 13 and can carry 30000 barrels (4770 m3) of oil. While known as the MV Montauk the ship was owned by the American company Sealift Incorporated and sailed under long-term charter to the United States Military Sealift Command where it transported oil for the U.S. Department of Defense.
 The first USS Naubuc laid down as a 1175-ton light-draft monitor at Perine's Union Iron Works Williamsburgh NY was launched 19 October 1864. However as with others of her class she was of faulty design and was found to be unseaworthy prior to her completion. She was then converted to a torpedo boat 4th rate with one XI-inch Dahlgren smoothbore and arid Wood-Lay spar torpedo equipment.
 USS Manistee (YTB‑782) is a United States Navy Natick-class large district harbor tug named for Manistee Michigan. She is the second tug to bear the name.
 The Bristol Type 159 was a British design for a four-engined heavy bomber by the Bristol Aeroplane Company of Filton Bristol. A mock-up was built but the project was cancelled and none were built.
 The Centurion-class battleships were second-class pre-dreadnought battleships built for the Royal Navy in the 1890s. They were designed for service on distant stations.
 The Stalingrad-class battlecruiser also known in the Soviet Union as Project 82 (Russian: Тяжёлые крейсера проекта 82) was intended to be built for the Soviet Navy after World War II. Three ships were ordered but none were ever completed.A heavy cruiser was designed before the Second World War as an intermediate between the light cruiser Kirov and Chapayev classes and the Kronshtadt-class battlecruisers.
 The Jeep Wagoneer was the first luxury 4x4 sold and produced through numerous marques from 1963 to 1991. A sport utility vehicle (SUV) for decades before the term was even coined the 4WD Wagoneer saw only minor mechanical changes during its 28-year plus production run the third longest in US automotive history.The Wagoneer pioneered the sport utility vehicle marketplace the most car-like 4x4 in spite of its massive boxy shape.
 HMS Afridi was a Tribal-class destroyer of the Royal Navy. She served in the Second World War and was an early casualty being sunk in an air attack off Norway in May 1940.
 The Owasco-class cutter was a 255-foot (78 m) cutter class operated by the United States Coast Guard. A total of thirteen cutters in the class were built all named after lakes. Eleven were constructed by the Western Pipe & Steel Company at San Pedro California while the remaining two—Mendota and Pontchartrain—were constructed by the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay Maryland.
 The MV Leif Ericson is a commercial passenger/vehicle ferry in service with the Canadian operator Marine Atlantic. She is currently the oldest vessel in the Marine Atlantic fleet.
 The Slingsbt T.37 Skylark 1 was a sport sailplane of moderate dimensions built during 1952-3 at Kirbymoorside Yorkshire by Slingsby Sailplanes
 HMS Dunoon was a Hunt class minesweeper of the Royal Navy from World War I.In November 1939 she was sweeping for mines around Malta. The following month she was recalled to England stopping at Gibraltar for fuel. She then worked in the North Sea as part of the 4th Minesweeping Flotilla based at Great Yarmouth.In April 1940 she struck a mine at Smith's Knoll near Great Yarmouth and sank with the loss of 3 officers and 23 ratings.
 The R class patrol boats was a class of Finnish patrol boats originally constructed as coastal minesweepers. They were modified into patrol boats by the end of the 1960s and transferred to the Patrol Flotilla and later to the 7th Missile Flotilla. They were then used for sea patrol and as anti-submarine warfare vessels. They were stricken from the Finnish Navy list in the 1990s.The R class was much liked in the Finnish Navy due to their low fuel consumption and their good seagoing qualities.
 The Sopwith Special torpedo seaplane Type C was the first British aircraft designed to drop torpedos. A single-engine biplane seaplane it flew in July 1914 but proved unable to lift the design load and was soon abandoned.
 The Altay class (Project 160) is a class of replenishment oiler built for the Soviet navy between 1967 and 1972.
 USS Mender (ARS(D)-2) was a Gypsy-class salvage lifting vessel of the United States Navy. Originally designated LSM‑550 she was reclassified (ARS(D)‑2) on 24 April 1945 and was laid down on 25 August 1945 by Brown Shipbuilding Corporation Houston Texas. Launched on 7 December 1945; and commissioned on 8 March 1946 Lieutenant Commander A. V. Swarthout in command.
 USS Wasaka III (SP-342) was an armed motorboat that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1919.Wasaka III was a wooden-hulled motorboat built at Lynn Massachusetts by Britt Brothers boat builders. Acquired by the U.S. Navy in the spring of 1917 for World War I service from Mr. John J.
 Matilda was a convict ship dispatched in 1791 from England to Australia. She was built in 1779 in France. Under the command of Master Matthew Weatherhead she departed Portsmouth on 27 March 1791 with 250 male convicts as part of the third fleet and arrived on 1 August 1791 in Port Jackson New South Wales. Twenty-five convicts died during the voyage and the ship required repairs. Matilda was used as a whaler after her arrival.
 The Short S.8/8 Rangoon was a 1930s British three-engined biplane flying-boat designed and built by Short Brothers for the Royal Air Force.
 The Great Central Railway 9K and 9L classes were two related classes of 4-4-2T Atlantic steam locomotives. They were both intended for suburban passenger services. After the 1923 Grouping they served the LNER as classes C13 and C14.Their designer was John G. Robinson. The design was based on the earlier Pollitt Class 9G 2-4-2T locomotives but with a lengthened boiler and a leading bogie to carry it.
 USS Sagittarius (AKN-2) was an S-class Indus net cargo ship in the service of the United States Navy in World War II. Named after the constellation Sagittarius it was the only ship of the Navy to bear this name.Sagittarius was laid down on 8 November 1943 as liberty ship SS J. Fred Essary (MCE hull 1835) by Bethlehem-Fairfield Shipyard Inc. Baltimore Maryland under a Maritime Commission contract; launched on 30 November 1943 sponsored by Mrs. J.
 The Research Vessel Triton is a trimaran vessel owned by Gardline Marine Sciences Limited and a former prototype British warship demonstrator for the UK's Defence Evaluation and Research Agency.
 USS Tullibee (SS-284) a Gato-class submarine was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for the tullibee. Her keel was laid down on 1 April 1942 at Mare Island California by the Mare Island Navy Yard. She was launched on 11 November 1942 sponsored by Mrs. Kenneth C. Hurd; and commissioned on 15 February 1943 Commander Charles F. Brindupke in command.Tullibee held shakedown training from 8–30 April 1943 and departed for Hawaii on 8 May.
 USS Cross (DE-448) was a John C. Butler-class destroyer escort acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. The primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy in addition to other tasks as assigned such as patrol or radar picket. Post-war she proudly returned home with one battle star to her credit.Cross (DE-448) was named in honor of Frederick Cushing Cross Jr.
 The Le Normand class (or E52 Type) was a class of 14 fast frigates (Escorteurs Rapide) built for the French Navy in the late 1950s. They were an immediate follow-on from the earlier Le Corse-class frigate (or E50 Type) frigates and like them were long-range convoy escorts capable of high speed. The first seven ships paid for by the United States under the Mutual Defense Assistance Act were ordered in 1952.
 The Hawker Siddeley P.139B was a proposed airborne early warning aircraft intended to operate from aircraft carriers of the Royal Navy. The P.139B formed part of the a major equipment procurement plan for the RN in the 1960s intended to give the service a force of new modern carriers capable of operating air groups consisting of equally modern aircraft. However cuts in defence spending by the British Government in the mid-1960s meant that these proposals never came to fruition.
 The Hanson Woodwind is an all-wooden homebuilt aircraft with a fiberglass wing.
 The Teichfuss Allievo Pavulla (English: Pavullo glider) was an Italian single seat open frame primary glider designed by Luigi Teichfuss of Pavullo and first flown in 1940. It was sold in two versions strut and cable braced. A single two seat variant was also built.
 The Yamaha RD350LC is a motorcycle that Yamaha produced between 1980 to 1986. Aimed at the European market along with the smaller capacity RD250LC the RD350LC had a parallel twin two-stroke engine with identical bore and stroke of its predecessor Yamaha RD350. However Yamaha added liquid cooling and made other modifications in porting and exhaust to comply with the ever tightening emission regulations. The 1980 to 1982 350 cc models were codenamed 4L0 and are affectionately known as Elsie.
 USS Palau (CVE–122) was a Commencement Bay class escort carrier of the United States Navy. She was laid down by the Todd-Pacific Shipyards Inc. Tacoma Washington 19 February 1945; launched 6 August 1945; sponsored by Mrs. J. P. Whitney; and commissioned 15 January 1946 Capt. W. E.
 SS La Touraine was an ocean liner that sailed for the Compagnie Générale Transatlantique from the 1890s to the 1920s. Built in France in 1891 she was primarily employed in transatlantic service on the North Atlantic. The liner was scrapped in Dunkirk in October 1923.
 The first generation Honda City (Honda Jazz in Europe) was a subcompact hatchback aimed mainly at the Japanese domestic market. The somewhat ungainly designed City referred to by Honda as Tall Boy style was also marketed abroad and was available in a number of versions. First introduced in November 1981 it carried the model codes AA for sedans VF for vans and FA for the widetrack Turbo II and Cabriolets. It was sold at the Honda Japan dealership sales channel called Honda Clio.
 USS Doyle C. Barnes (DE-353) was a John C. Butler-class destroyer escort acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. The primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy in addition to other tasks as assigned such as patrol or radar picket. The ship was named in honor of Doyle Clayton Barnes who had been awarded the Navy Cross for his actions during the Battle of Midway and later was missing in action in the Battle of the Eastern Solomons.
 The Hot Rod Conspiracy/Carpenter Racing Castrol Rocket (called Castrol Rocket for short) is a streamliner motorcycle built to challenge the motorcycle land speed record. It is powered by destroked twin turbocharged 1485 cc inline-3 engines sourced from the Triumph Rocket III generating a claimed greater than 1000 horsepower (750 kW).
 The Salvay-Stark Skyhopper I is a low wing single place homebuilt aircraft designed in 1944.
 HMS Thrasher (N37) was a T-class submarine of the Royal Navy. She was laid down by Cammell Laird & Co Limited Birkenhead launched in November 1940 and had an active career in the Mediterranean and Pacific Far East.
 The Renault Master is an upper-medium size van produced by the French manufacturer Renault since 1980 now in its third generation. The (around the GVW 3.5 tonne segment) Opel has sold versions of the second and third series vans as the Opel Movano in mainland Europe and Vauxhall Movano in the United Kingdom.
 The Audi Type SS was a large eight-cylinder-powered sedan/saloon car introduced by Audi in 1929 in succession to the Type R Imperator.Jørgen Skafte Rasmussen the Danish-born entrepreneurial industrialist who had purchased Audi-Werke in 1928 had previously in 1927 purchased the manufacturing plant of the bankrupt Detroit-based Rickenbacker business and shipped it home to Germany. He installed it in a factory he owned just outside Zschopau near to Audi's own Zwickau plant.
 RFA Ocean Salvor (A492) was a salvage vessel of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary.ASV Ocean Salvor was handed to Risdon Beazley Ltd. on delivery; they managed this ship and 29 other Admiralty Salvage Vessels until the end of the war when 25 were handed to the Royal Maritime Auxiliary Service and three returned to the USA; two were war losses. They were never prefixed HMS as they were civilian manned.[citation needed]
 INS Veer (K82) was a Vidyut class missile boat of the Indian Navy.INS Veer was a part of the 25th Killer Missile Squadron of the Indian Navy.
 USS Annabelle (SP-1206) also spelled Anna Belle was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1918.Annabelle was built in 1898 as a private motorboat of the same name by John Archie. On 15 June 1917 the U.S. Navy chartered her from her owner Mr. W. J. Mathewes of Chincoteague Virginia for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. She was commissioned as USS Annabelle or Anna Belle (SP-1206) on 16 August 1917.
 The MV Voyager was a freight and passenger ferry which was operated by Transeuropa Ferries.
 Yasir or Yassir (Persian: یاسر‎) is a small low-cost long-endurance Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) built by Iran Aviation Industries Organization (IAIO) and unveiled on 28 September 2013. It is capable of flying at an altitude of 15000 ft has an endurance of 8 hours and an operational radius of 200 km
 The first USS Biddle (Torpedo Boat No. 26/TB-26/Coast Torpedo Boat No. 12) was a torpedo boat in the United States Navy. She was named for Captain Nicholas Biddle.Biddle was launched 18 May 1901 by Bath Iron Works Ltd. Bath Maine; sponsored by Miss Emily B. Biddle great-great-grandniece of Captain Biddle; and commissioned 26 October 1901 Lieutenant S. S. Robison in command.Biddle departed Newport Rhode Island 1 November 1901 for Port Royal South Carolina where she went into reserve.
 The Jamieson J (also known as the Take 1) was a four-seat utility aircraft built in the United States in the early 1960s. It was designed and constructed by Jamieson Corp which had been purchasing military surplus Culver Cadets and remanufacturing them for the civil market. Jamieson's first aircraft was the J-1 Jupiter built in 1949 which had a V-tail replacing the standard type tail of the Cadet. What made the Jupiter attractive to private plane market was it price of$2500.
 The fifth USS Powhatan (YT-128) was a yard tug that served in the United States Navy from 1938 to 1976. She was reclassified YTM-128 in 1944.USS Powhatan (YT-128) was laid down on 28 March 1938 by the Boston Navy Yard Boston Massachusetts and launched o 10 June 1938. She was completed and delivered to the U.S. Navy on 16 September 1938.Powhatan served at Newport Rhode Island from 1938 to 1958. She was reclassified YTM-128 on 15 May 1944.
 The Nieuport-Delage NiD 42 was a fighter aircraft built in France in the early 1920s the first in a family of designs that would form the backbone of the French fighter force over the next decade.
 The Panther Model 120 was a British motorcycle made between 1959 and 1966 by Phelon & Moore. An enlarged Panther Model 100 the 120 had a reputation for being less reliable with a tendency for rapid clutch wear problematical roller bearings and heavy oil consumption. As competitors produced modern designs Panther ran into trouble obtaining supplies of Burman gearboxes and Lucas Magdynos so production ceased in 1966 and the company was wound up.
 The Cap Arcona was a large German luxury ocean liner formerly of the Hamburg-South America line. It transported passengers between Germany and South America until 1940 when it was taken over by the German Navy.Late in the war the steamer was used to evacuate German soldiers and civilians from East Prussia before the advance of the Soviet Army. While heavily-laden with prisoners from Nazi concentration camps she was sunk in May 1945 by the Royal Air Force. About 5000 people died.
 The first USS Yosemite was an auxiliary cruiser of the United States Navy.At the beginning of the Spanish-American War El Sud — a merchant steamer built in 1892 by the Newport News Shipbuilding & Drydock Co. — was acquired by the Navy from the Southern Pacific Company on 6 April 1898. The ship was renamed Yosemite and placed in commission on 13 April 1898 Comdr. William H. Emory in command.
 The Stahlradwagen (or steel-wheeled car) was Gottlieb Daimler's second motor car.After seeing Panhard's Daimler-designed V-twin engine demonstrated at the Paris Exposition of 1889 and inquiring into the engine's weight and power Armand Peugeot stated his interest in a lightweight motor vehicle powered by the engine. This was communicated to Daimler who worked with Wilhelm Maybach to develop the vehicle.
 USS Diana (1862) was a captured Confederate steamer acquired by the Union Navy from the prize court during the American Civil War. She was put into service by the Union Navy to patrol navigable waterways of the Confederacy to prevent the South from trading with other countries. Unfortunately for the Union Navy she was again recaptured by the Confederate Navy.
 The MV Cougar Ace is a Singapore-flagged roll-on/roll-off car carrier vessel. The Cougar Ace was built by Kanasashi Co. of Toyohashi Japan and launched in June 1993. Specifications cite a length of 199m draft of 9.72m beam of 32.26m and a maximum speed of 18.6 knots (34.4 km/h; 21.4 mph). Her Gross Tonnage is 55328. She is owned by Mitsui O.S.K. Lines.On May 4 2005 Cougar Ace delivered 5214 automobiles at the Fraser River wharves in Richmond British Columbia.
 USS Serpens (AK-97) was a United States Coast Guard-manned Crater-class cargo ship in the service of the United States Navy in World War II. It was the first ship of the Navy to have this name. It is named after Serpens a constellation in the northern hemisphere.Serpens was laid down on 10 March 1943 as the liberty ship SS Benjamin N.
 The Chichibu Railway 1000 series (秩父鉄道1000系) was an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type for local services operated by Chichibu Railway in Japan from 1986 until March 2014.
 Haydock Collieries was a colliery company situated in and around Haydock on the Lancashire Coalfield which is now in Merseyside England.
 The Comper Streak was a single-engined single-seat racing monoplane built in the UK in the mid-1930s. It was not successful as a racer and only one was produced.
 The Agnes was a wooden brigantine built in 1849 at Point Brenley Nova Scotia. She was first registered in Pictou Nova Scotia. Later acquired by owners in Sydney she was wrecked on the north side side of the Wollongong breakwater in New South Wales on 10 March 1877 when the wind changed whilst carrying ballast between Sydney and Wollongong.
 USS Summit (AMc-106) was an Accentor-class coastal minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.Summit was laid down on 24 March 1941 by the Snow Shipyards Co. Rockland Maine; launched on 20 September 1941; sponsored by Miss Louise Dey; and commissioned on 29 January 1942.
 The Ford CDW27 platform was Ford's midsize car automobile platform from 1993 to 2006 and was designed to be used as its 'World Car' platform. The platform was developed over six years and at a huge expense totalling $6 billion but was expected to save 25% compared to developing separate models for Europe and North America.The CDW27 platform was used in the 1993 Ford Mondeo Ford Contour Mercury Mystique and Mercury Cougar.
 The Great Western Railway Victoria Class were 2-4-0 broad gauge steam locomotives for passenger train work. This class was introduced into service in two batches between August 1856 and May 1864. They were all withdrawn between 1876 and December 1880.The first eight locomotives were named after ruling heads of state but the remaining locomotives received the names of famous engineers starting with the railway's own Isambard Kingdom Brunel.
 HMS Anson is the fifth Astute-class nuclear-powered fleet submarine of the Royal Navy. She will be the eighth vessel of the Royal Navy to bear the name after Admiral George Anson. On 25 March 2010 BAE Systems were given the go-ahead by the government to begin construction on boats 5 and 6 (Anson and Agamemnon) being given a £300 million contract for the initial build of boat 5 and long lead procurement activities for boat 6.
 Linga (hull number P-03) is a Storm class patrol boat of the Latvian Naval Forces. It was built in Bergen Norway in 1967–1968 and originally served in the Royal Norwegian Navy under the name HNoMS Gnist.After an agreement between the Latvian and Norwegian governments the ship became part of the Latvian Naval Forces and it arrived in Liepāja on June 9 2001.
 The Renault Trucks D is a range of medium duty trucks for distribution manufactured by the French truckmaker Renault Trucks. It was launched in 2013 to replace the Midlum the Premium Distribution and the Access.
 The Grob G180 SPn (or spn) is a low-wing twin-engined corporate jet projected by Grob Aerospace. It is designed to land on both paved surfaces and unimproved runway capability (grass and gravel surfaces) and is classed as commuter class under EASA CS 23 and FAA Part 23 regulations.
 The Westminster series were large saloon and estate cars sold by the British Austin Motor Company from 1954 replacing the A70 Hereford. The Westminster line was produced as the A90 A95 A99 A105 and A110 until 1968 when the new Austin 3-Litre took its place.
 The Northrop YC-125 Raider was a 1940s American three-engined STOL utility transport built by Northrop Corporation Hawthorne California.
 German submarine U-574 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She carried out one patrol and sank one warship of 1190 tons.She was a member of two wolfpacks.She was sunk west of Portugal in December 1941.
 For the cargo bicycle producer see: XtracycleThe Xtra was an English three-wheel cyclecar built from 1922 to 1924 by Xtra Cars Ltd. of Chertsey Surrey. A very basic machine it was designed by Cuthbert Clarke and resembled a three-wheeled sidecar in most respects. The car was powered by a 3.75 hp single-cylinder two stroke 270 cc Villiers engine and had a friction drive two-speed transmission using two cork covered wheels of different sizes chain driven by the engine.
 USS Tunxis (YN-119/AN-90) was a Cohoes-class net laying ship which was assigned to protect U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II with her anti-submarine nets. Her World War II career was cut short due to the war coming to an end but post-war she was reactivated and served the Navy until she was put into reserve and eventually transferred to Venezuela.
 USS Pattina (SP-675) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Pattina was built as a private motorboat of the same name by the Luders Marine Construction Company at Stamford Connecticut in 1916. On 10 September 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired her under a free lease from her owner B.F. Schwarts for use as a section patrol boat during World War I. She was commissioned on 22 October 1917 as USS Pattina (SP-675).
 The MV Sea Horse is a ship captured by Somali pirates 14 April 2009.It was released 20 April 2009 reportedly for $100000 or less in ransom.
 The Khareef class are 3 Corvettes currently under construction for the Royal Navy of Oman.The ships are being built by BAE Systems Maritime - Naval Ships at their Shipyard in Portsmouth Naval Base as part of a £400m deal which will also include training by VT Group. In March 2012 three BAE engineers were injured after the gun misfired during testing off the Dorset coast.
 The Francesco Caracciolo-class battleships were designed for the Italian Regia Marina in 1912–1913 and ordered in 1914; the first ship of the class Francesco Caracciolo was laid down that year. The other three ships Cristoforo Colombo Marcantonio Colonna and Francesco Morosini were all laid down in 1915.
 K-11 was a Soviet November-class (Project 627A) nuclear-powered attack submarine that had two reactor accidents during loading of the nuclear reactor core in Severodvinsk on 7 and 12 February 1965. Reasons for the accidents included nonobservance of operating instructions by those participating in the lift of the reactor cover and the mistaken decision to continue refueling after the first accident.
 USS Curtis W. Howard (DE-752) was a United States Navy Cannon-class destroyer escort proposed during World War II but never completed.DE-752 was laid down by the Western Pipe and Steel Company at San Pedro California on 18 August 1943 and named USS Curtis W. Howard (DE-752) on 3 September 1943. She was launched on 26 March 1944 sponsored by Mrs. Prudence W. Wohleb the mother of the ship's namesake Lieutenant junior grade Curtis W. Howard.Before Curtis W.
 The Ant-class gunboat was a class of twenty-four Royal Navy flat-iron gunboats mounting a single 10-inch gun built between 1870 and 1880. They carried no masts or sails being among the first Royal Navy vessels not to do so. The last four vessels were ordered separately and are sometimes known as the Gadfly class although they were essentially identical. Members of the class lingered on as steam lighters dredgers boom defence vessels and base ships lasting in some cases into the 1950s.
 X9 is a series of four-car electric multiple units operated by Statens Järnvägar (SJ) of Sweden as express trains. Twenty-three were built by Hilding Carlsson Mekaniska Verkstad between 1960–1963 and were in service with SJ until 1999. The sharp reddish orange colour gave the trains the nickname Paprika trains.
 The Mitsubishi B2M was a Japanese carrier-based torpedo bomber of the 1920s and 30s. It was built by Mitsubishi to a design by Blackburn Aircraft of Britain and was operated by the Imperial Japanese Navy.
 USS Delaware (SSN-791) will be a Virginia-class submarine. The contract to build her was awarded to Huntington Ingalls Industries in partnership with the Electric Boat division of General Dynamics in Newport News Virginia on 22 December 2008. This ship is the eighth and final ship of the Block III subs that will feature a revised bow including some technology from Ohio-class SSGNs. She is scheduled for deployment in 2018.
 Unebi (畝傍) was a protected cruiser of the Imperial Japanese Navy designed and built in France by Forges et Chantiers de la Gironde. Unebi was named after the 199.2 metre tall Mount Unebi in Nara prefecture located near the ancient capital of Asuka. Per Meiji period State Shinto mythology this mountain was home to Japan's first Emperor Jimmu Tenno.
 The Bücker Bü 182 Kornett (Ensign) was a single-seat advanced trainer developed in Germany for Luftwaffe service shortly before the outbreak of World War II. A single-seat low-wing cantilever monoplane it was intended to give student pilots some experience with an aircraft with performance approaching that of a contemporary fighter and could carry practice bombs.
 The Suzuki SX4 is a compact car developed jointly by Japanese automaker Suzuki and Italian automaker Fiat. In some European markets the SX4 is sold as the Fiat Sedici and in some Asian markets as the Maruti Suzuki SX4. It was designed by Giorgetto Giugiaro's Italdesign Giugiaro studio and has been produced since 2006.Although originally intended solely for Europe the SX4 is sold in most of Suzuki's international markets. It is available in hatchback and for some markets sedan body.
 The Akaflieg München Mü16 was a glider that was designed in Germany from 1938.
 Audacieuse was an Ardente-class frigate of the French Navy.She served between France and the Far East notable ferrying ambassador Jean-Baptiste Louis Gros to China in 1857 and bringing guns from the Taku Forts to France.
 The BRP Rajah Humabon (PF-11) is a frigate of the Philippine Navy and is the last World War II-era destroyer escort/frigate active in its fleet and is one of the oldest active warships in the world. She is one of three ex-USN Cannon-class destroyer escorts that served the Philippine Navy the others being BRP Datu Sikatuna (PF-5/PS-77) and BRP Datu Kalantiaw (PS-76).
 HMS Argyll was one of six Devonshire-class armoured cruisers built for the Royal Navy in the first decade of the 20th century. She was assigned to the 1st Cruiser Squadron of the Channel Fleet upon completion and was transferred to the 5th Cruiser Squadron of the Atlantic Fleet in 1909. Two years later she was detached to escort the royal yacht during King George V's trip to British India.
 The Comp Air Jet is an American eight-seat low-wing pressurized tricycle undercarriage turbofan-powered civil utility aircraft marketed by Comp Air for amateur construction.
 The two Yodo-class dispatch ship (淀型通報艦 Yodo-gata tsūhōkan) were a class of small high-speed dispatch ships built for the Imperial Japanese Navy. Although classified officially rated as a tsūhōkan meaning dispatch boat or aviso the class were essentially small protected cruisers. The Yodo class was followed by the larger more conventional Chikuma class.
 The Fiat CR.25 was an Italian twin-engine reconnaissance-bomber fighter aircraft which served in small numbers for the Regia Aeronautica during World War II.40 CR.25s were ordered after the operative failure of the apparently more promising Breda Ba.88 bomber. Later it was decided to use the CR.25 as a reconnaissance plane with a total of 10 aircraft entering service.
 The Buick Skylark is a passenger car produced by the Buick division of General Motors. The model was made in six production runs over which the car's design varied dramatically due to changing technology tastes and new standards implemented over the years.
 USS Ahrens (DE-575) a Buckley-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy was named in honor of Private Edward H. Ahrens (1919–1942) who was killed during the Battle of Tulagi and Gavutu–Tanambogo on 8 August 1942. He was posthumously awarded a Navy Cross.Ahrens was laid down on 5 November 1943 at Hingham Massachusetts by the Bethlehem Steel Corporation; launched on 21 December 1943; sponsored by Mrs.
 USS Challenger was a U.S. freighter. It was commissioned by the U.S. Navy between 1918 and 1919 for service during World War I.She was built in 1918 by Union Iron Works San Francisco Calif. under a United States Shipping Board contract. The US Navy accepted delivery on 4 October 1918 and she was commissioned the same day with Lieutenant Commander G. T. January USNRF in command.
 USS LST-696 was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. LST-696 was laid down on 25 February 1944 at Jeffersonville Indiana by the Jeffersonville Boat & Machine Company; launched 25 April 1944; and commissioned 25 May 1944 with Lieutenant G. A. Hayward USNR in command.
 The galleon San Diego was built as the trading ship San Antonio before hastily being converted into a warship. On December 14 1600 the fully laden San Diego was engaged by the Dutch warship Mauritius under the command of Admiral Olivier van Noort a short distance away from Fortune Island Nasugbu Philippines.
 The Duk Ling meaning Clever Duck is a Chinese Junk ship operating in Victoria Harbour Hong Kong.
 The Bréguet Br 104 Nymphale (English: Nymph) is a two seat training and competition sailplane built in France in the 1950s. A direct development of the successful Bréguet Br 901 Mouette it competed at two World Gliding Championships but has mostly been used in small numbers by gliding clubs.
 Orbcomm satellites are low Earth orbit communications satellites operated by the United States satellite communications company Orbcomm. As of January 2013 45 such satellites have orbited Earth with 44 still continuing to do so.
 The Potez 452 was a French flying boat designed and built by the French aircraft company Potez in response to a French Navy specification for a shipboard reconnaissance machine for use on its battleships and cruisers.
 HMS Antelope was a Royal Navy Alarm-class torpedo gunboat. She was launched in 1893 reduced to harbour service from 1910 and was sold for scrapping in 1919.
 HMS Helmuth was an armed tug of the British Royal Navy. Formally a German vessel she was captured by the British at the beginning of World War I and placed into service as a picket. She was involved in several actions of the East African campaign including the Battle of Zanzibar the Raid on Dar es Salaam blockading SMS Konigsberg in the Rujifi delta and the Battle of Tanga.
 The American Aerolights Double Eagle is a two seat ultralight aircraft that can also be configured for single pilot operation.
 HMS Lark was a schooner of the Royal Navy built by Westacott’s Barnstaple and launched on 4 December 1880.Commenced service on the Australia Station in 1882. She undertook survey work in the Bougainville Strait Choisel Bay and San Cristobel Island. In 1883 Lark under C. F. Oldham transported the crew of the barque Illie which was wrecked in the Solomon Islands to Brisbane.
 Since the 1970s the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) has expressed interest in operating an aircraft carrier as part of its blue water aspirations and press reports have frequently quoted senior Chinese military officials as expressing an intention to build aircraft carriers. In 2011 People's Liberation Army Chief of the General Staff Chen Bingde confirmed that China was constructing at least one aircraft carrier.
 The Yugo class submarine is a class of four midget submarines used primarily for infiltration and espionage by North Korea. The class is so named because it was built to plans supplied to North Korea by Yugoslavia in 1965. This class is a family of midget submarines which are not all identical.
 The DE10 is a class of Japanese C-B wheel arrangement diesel-hydraulic locomotives. 708 locomotives were built between 1966 and 1978.
 HMS Undaunted was a Lively-class fifth-rate 38-gun sailing frigate of the British Royal Navy built during the Napoleonic Wars which conveyed Napoleon to his first exile on the island of Elba in early 1814.
 USS G. W. Blunt (1861) was a schooner acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Union Navy as a gunboat as well as a dispatch boat in support of the Union Navy blockade of Confederate waterways. Towards the war’s end she was reconfigured as a rescue and salvage ship. Her new task was to remove many of the shipwrecks hulks and other in-water debris of war.
 HMS Hermione was a 32-gun fifth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy. She was notorious for having the bloodiest mutiny in British naval history which saw her captain and most of the officers killed. The mutineers then handed the ship over to the Spanish where she remained for two years before being cut-out and returned to Royal Navy service under the names Retaliation and then Retribution.
 German submarine U-93 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was laid down on 9 September 1939 at the F. Krupp Germaniawerft in Kiel as 'werk' 598 launched on 8 June 1940 and commissioned on 30 July 1940 under Kapitänleutnant Claus Korth.She sank eight ships of 43392 GRT in seven patrols but was herself sunk by a British destroyer in January 1942.
 The Silba-class (also referred to as the Cetina-class in some sources) is a class of landing ships-minelayers built for the Yugoslav (JRM) and Croatian Navy (HRM) during the 1980s and 90s. The three strong class was built at the Brodogradilište specijalnih objekata shipyard in Split with slight differences in armament configuration between the last two ships.
 SS Snaefell (IV) the fourth ship in the company's history to be so named was a packet steamer originally owned and operated by G. and J. Burns who sold her to the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company in 1920.
 SS Lansdowne was a railroad car ferry built in 1884 by the Wyandotte Shipyard of the Detroit Dry Dock Company. It was used from 1884 until 1956 between Detroit Michigan and Windsor Ontario across the Detroit River although there are reports of its sporadic use until the early 1970s. At the time of its construction it was the longest ship on the Great Lakes at 312 feet (95 m).
 HMS Invincible was a 74-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 9 March 1765 at Deptford. Invincible was built during a period of peace to replace ships worn out in the recently concluded Seven Years' War.
 HMS Antigua was a 14-gun sloop that served in the British Royal Navy from 1779 to 1792. In contemporary records she is sometimes referred to as His Majesty's armed brig Antigua.
 NSB Class 72 (Norwegian: NSB type 72) is a class of 36 electric multiple units built by AnsaldoBreda for the Norwegian State Railways. Delivered between 2002 and 2005 the four-car units operate on the Oslo Commuter Rail and the Jæren Commuter Rail. The trains have a capacity of 310 passengers and the 2250 kilowatts (3020 hp) motors allow a maximum speed of 160 kilometres per hour (99 mph). The trains were ordered in 1997 with original delivery dates in 2001 and 2002.
 The Adaro 1.E.7 Chirta was a Spanish military trainer aircraft built shortly before the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War.
 The USS Jouett (DLG-29) was a Belknap class cruiser laid down 25 September 1962 by Puget Sound Naval Shipyard Bremerton Washington; launched 30 June 1964; sponsored by Mrs. S. J. Ervin Jr. wife of the Senator from North Carolina; and commissioned 3 December 1966 Captain Robert S. Hayes in command. She was named after RADM James Edward JouettUpon completion of fitting out in February 1967 Jouett was assigned to Cruiser-Destroyer Force U.S.
 The Fouga CM.10 was an assault glider designed for the French Army shortly after World War II capable of carrying 35 troops later converted as a powered transport.
 The Peugeot 1007 is a hatchback produced by the French automobile manufacturer Peugeot from 2004 to 2009. It was based on the same platform as the Peugeot 206 and Citroën C3.
 Thunderbolt is a British Land Speed Record holder of the 1930s driven by Captain George E.T. Eyston
 PKP class Pm36 is a class of two express passenger (P) 4-6-2 (m) steam locomotives ordered in 1936 for the Polskie Koleje Państwowe (Polish State Railways).
 HMAS Melbourne (R21) was a Majestic-class light aircraft carrier of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). Operating from 1955 until 1982 she was the third and final conventional aircraft carrier to serve in the RAN. Melbourne was the only British Commonwealth naval vessel to sink two friendly warships in peacetime collisions.The ship was laid down for the Royal Navy as the lead ship of the Majestic class in April 1943 and was launched as HMS Majestic (R77) in February 1945.
 The Devonshire class was a class of six armoured cruisers of the British Royal Navy launched in 1903–1904 at a cost of around £850000 each.The ships were designed for commerce protection and the design was similar to the Monmouth class except that the twin 6 inch (152 mm) turrets and the forward double casemates were replaced by four 7.5 inch (190 mm) single turrets in a diamond arrangement.
 HMS Enterprize also known as HMS Enterprise was an 8-gun sloop of the Royal Navy.The Enterprize was a barca-longa captured from the Spanish in 1743 and re-rated as a sloop. She spent her entire career in the Mediterranean as a despatch vessel and tender being commissioned in 1743 under Lieutenant Thomas Herring.
 The CGR class H1 was a steam locomotive of the Garratt type built by Beyer Peacock and Company for the Ceylon Government Railways (CGR) now Sri Lanka Railways. Only one locomotive was built and its CGR number was 293.
 The Piper PA-35 Pocono was an American 16/18 seat commuter airliner developed by Piper in the late 1960s. Only one aircraft was built and the design was not developed.
 USS Richard Peck (IX-96) was an auxiliary ship of the United States Navy during 1943. Built in 1892 by Harlan and Hollingsworth Wilmington Delaware she was acquired by the Navy on 20 February 1943 from the New England Steamship Company New Haven Connecticut and commissioned the same day at Argentia Newfoundland Canada.Richard Peck provided electrical power at Argentia during her active service.
 The Royal Aircraft Factory S.E.4a was an experimental British single-engined scout aircraft of the First World War. Four S.E.4a aircraft were built being used for research purposes and as home-defence fighters by the Royal Flying Corps. In spite of its type number it had little or no relationship to the earlier S.E.4
 MV Mein Schiff 2 is a Century class cruise ship. She was built in 1997 as MV Mercury by the Meyer Werft shipyard in Papenburg Germany for Celebrity Cruises and was later renamed MV Celebrity Mercury.
 The Nevada-class battleships were the United States Navy's first battleship design equipped with triple gun turrets (the Colorado class would be the last to carry twin turrets armed with dual-mounted 16-inch guns) as well as introducing the all or nothing armor scheme in American capital ship design in which protection of vital areas was optimized against heavy caliber guns leaving other parts of the ship essentially unprotected.
 HMS Sunderland was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built to the 1719 Establishment at Chatham Dockyard and launched on 30 April 1724.On 25 December 1742 Sunderland was ordered to be taken to pieces for rebuilding as a 58-gun fourth rate to the 1741 proposals of the 1719 Establishment at Portsmouth Dockyard from where she was relaunched on 4 April 1744.On 1 January 1761 Sunderland was caught in a cyclone off Pondicherry India and foundered claiming the lives of all aboard her.
 USS Sausalito (PF-4) a Tacoma-class patrol frigate in commission from 1944 to 1945 and from 1950 to 1952 was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Sausalito California. She also served in the Soviet Navy as EK-16 and in the Republic of Korea Navy as ROKS Imchin (PF-66).
 SM UC-7 was a German Type UC I minelayer submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. The U-boat had been ordered by November 1914 and was launched on 6 July 1915. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 9 July 1915 as SM UC-7. Mines laid by UC-7 in her 34 patrols were credited with sinking 32 ships.
 The Mitsubishi Toppo is a light recreational vehicle (RV) produced by Mitsubishi Motors from 1990 until 2004 derived from their Minica kei car. The name is a portmanteau of the English top (roof) and the Japanese noppo (lanky).Originally named the Mitsubishi Minica Toppo a retro-styled variant was introduced in 1996 called the Mitsubishi Minica Toppo Town Bee. In 1998 a new generation was launched; now referred to as the Mitsubishi Toppo BJ (Big Joy).
 The Aero A.42 was a Czechoslovakian bomber aircraft of 1929 that was only ever produced in prototype form. For its day it was an advanced design with a sleek monoplane configuration. However the Czech Air Force was not satisfied with it for a number of reasons in particular the aircraft's take-off and landing rolls were felt to be excessively long and crew complained about the cramped cabin.
 Darien II was the last ship to bring Aliya Bet refugees to Haifa during World War II. A former lighthouse tender she sailed from the Black Sea to Palestine in early 1941.
 The Yamaha DT50M was the entry level 50cc in the Yamaha DT series. Production started 1978 and ended 1981. It was a dual purpose street/trail bike aimed at the 16 years age group of moped riders taking their first steps into motorcycling. From 1978 onwards all new mopeds were restricted to 30 mph in the UK.
 Huáscar is a 19th-century small armoured turret ship of a type similar to a monitor. She was built in Britain for Peru and played a significant role in the battle of Pacocha and the War of the Pacific against Chile before being captured and commissioned with the Chilean Navy. Today she is one of the few surviving ships of her type. The ship has been restored and is currently commissioned as a memorial ship. She is named after the 16th-century Inca emperor Huáscar.
 SS Gallic was a cargo steamship built in 1918. During her career she had six different owners and sailed under the flags of the United Kingdom Panama and Indonesia. In spite of prevailing maritime superstition that it is unlucky to change a ship's name she underwent seven name changes and survived a 37-year career unscathed. She was scrapped at Hong Kong in 1956 the last surviving White Star Line cargo ship.
 Nikolayev was the lead ship of the Kara-class cruisers of the Soviet Navy. She was launched in December 1969 and completed in December 1971. After the fall of the USSR she was transferred to the Ukrainian Navy. In 1994 she was scrapped in India.
 Diana was a steam paddle steamer built in 1823 as a merchant vessel and purchased by the Bengal Government in 1824. During the First Anglo-Burmese War she became the first steam-powered warship of the Honourable East India Company to see action. She was transferred to the Burmese Government in 1826 and to back to the company for use by Singapore in 1837.
 The Boxkite (officially the Bristol Biplane) was the first aircraft produced by the British and Colonial Aeroplane Company (later known as the Bristol Aeroplane Company). A pusher biplane based on the successful Farman III it was one of the first aircraft types to be built in quantity. As the machine was used by Bristol for instruction purposes at their flying schools at Larkhill and Brooklands many early British aviators learned to fly in a Boxkite.
 Regina M. is a Carry Away Sloop located at Mystic Seaport in Mystic Connecticut United States. Regina M. was built in 1900 in Passamaquoddy Bay and was used to collect herring from fish weirs and transport them to canneries on shore. Mystic Seaport acquired the vessel in 1940 to add to their collection of watercraft. In 1992 Regina M. was restored to the way she looked in 1909.
 Mahlon Williamson was an 1854 bark (or barque) that sailed out of Wilmington Delaware and New York. The ship was active in the cargo and guano trades. The ship is remembered today as the subject of a painting by maritime artist Joseph B. Smith in which it is being towed on the Delaware River by tugboat William Cramp.
 USC&GS Natoma was a survey ship that served in the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey from 1919 to 1935.
 HMS Pandora was a British Parthian-class submarine commissioned in 1930 and lost in 1942 during the Second World War. This class was the first to be fitted with Mark VIII torpedoes. On 4 July 1940 she torpedoed and sank the French sloop Rigault de Genouilly off the Algerian coast. In an extension of the Lend-Lease program Pandora along with three other British and French submarines was overhauled at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in the United States.
 USS Freedom (ID-3024) was a cargo and transport ship in the United States Navy during World War I. Originally SS Wittekind for the North German Lloyd line the ship also served as USAT Iroquois and USAT Freedom after being seized by the United States in 1917.SS Wittekind was built in Germany for the Bremen–New York service of the Roland Line service of North German Lloyd and was the sister ship of SS Willehad. In March 1900 Wittekind was lengthened because her cargo capacity was found lacking.
 The MAI-223 Kityonok (Russian: МАИ-223 «Китенок» English: MAI-223 Whale Calf) is a single-engine STOL ultralight aircraft developed by the Moscow Aviation Institute's special design bureau (OSKBEC) from 2002. The first production aircraft was delivered in 2008. A crop spraying version is under development.
 The Kinetic Mountain Goat is an American two-seat cabin monoplane designed by Bill Montagne for his company Kinetic Aviation.
 MV Mill Bay was a Canadian ferry. At 37.49 metres (123 ft) long it was BC Ferries' second smallest ship. It holds 16 vehicles (tied with the MV Nimpkish) 138 passengers and crew and its maximum speed is 9 knots (17 km/h). The Mill Bay operated in the Brentwood Bay-Mill Bay route across Saanich Inlet on Vancouver Island.
 Papa and Nicole were fictional characters created to advertise the Renault Clio in the United Kingdom between 1991 and 1998. The Papa! Nicole and Nicole! Papa verbal exchanges between Nicole and her father during the advertisements were adapted from an original exchange between Nicole Bonnet (played by Audrey Hepburn) and her father (played by Hugh Griffith) in the 1966 film How to Steal a Million.
 The DTA Diva is a French double-surface ultralight trike wing designed and produced by DTA sarl of Montélimar and introduced in 2009. The wing is widely used on DTA trikes as well as by other ultralight aircraft manufacturers.
 The Mignet HM.14 Flying Flea (Pou du Ciel literally Louse of the Sky in French) is a single-seat light aircraft first flown in 1933 designed for amateur construction. It was the first of a family of aircraft collectively known as Flying Fleas.
 The Monarch was a passenger-package freighter built in 1890; it was sunk off the shore of Isle Royale in Lake Superior in 1906 and the remains are still on the lake bottom. The wreck was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 USS John Paul Jr. (1861) was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the beginning of the American Civil War. She served the Union Navy’s struggle against the Confederate States of America as a ship’s tender an observation platform and as a gunboat despite the fact she was only lightly armed.
 The A7 Avenger was a 350 cc (21 cu in) motorcycle produced by Kawasaki. It was a standard or Universal Japanese motorcycle sold 1967 through 1971.
 USS Seven Seas (IX-68) was built by Bergsund M.V. Atkieb in Stockholm Sweden in 1912 and served the Swedish Navy as the training ship Abraham Rydberg. Acquired by the United States Navy from William S. Gubelmann of Marine Airways Roslyn New York on 10 April 1942 and placed in service on 5 May 1942.
 USS LST-141 was an LST-1-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy in World War II. Like most of the ships of her class she was not named and known only by her designation.LST-141 was laid down on 24 November 1943 at Ambridge Pennsylvania by the American Bridge Company; launched on 16 January 1944; and commissioned on 16 February 1944.During World War II LST-141 was assigned to the European Theatre.
 Navarchos Miaoulis (Greek: Ναύαρχος Μιαούλης Admiral Miaoulis) was a 1820 ton Greek masted cruiser (in Greek termed Εύδρομο) named for the admiral Andreas Miaoulis the leader of the Greek rebels' fleet during the Greek War of Independence (1821-1829).Navarchos Miaoulis was built by Forges & Chantiers de La Med La Seyne in France and she was purchased by Greece as part of their program of naval expansion after the unsuccessful Cretan uprising of 1866.
 Oryol (Russian: Орёл) was a Borodino-class battleship built for the Russian Imperial Navy in the first decade of the 20th century. The ship was completed a few months before the start of the Russo-Japanese War in February 1904 and was assigned to the Second Pacific Squadron sent to the Far East six months later to break the Japanese blockade of Port Arthur. The Japanese captured the port while the squadron was in transit and their destination was changed to Vladivostok.
 HMCS Ontario was a Minotaur class light cruiser built for the Royal Navy as HMS Minotaur (53) but transferred to the Royal Canadian Navy on completion and renamed Ontario.HMS Minotaur was laid down on 20 November 1941 by Harland & Wolff of Belfast and launched on 29 July 1943. She was transferred to the Royal Canadian Navy in July 1944 and completed and commissioned as Ontario on 25 May 1945 at Belfast.
 USS Violet (1862) was a 166-ton steamer acquired by the U.S. Navy for use during the American Civil War.Violet served the Navy in several ways: as a gunboat as a tugboat and as a torpedo boat. She served on the U.S. East Coast in the Union blockade of the Confederate States of America.
 USS Porterfield (DD-682) was a Fletcher-class destroyer of the United States Navy named for Rear Admiral Lewis B. Porterfield (1879–1942).Porterfield was laid down by the Bethlehem Steel Co. San Pedro California 12 December 1942; launched 13 June 1943; sponsored by Mrs. Louis B. Porterfield; and commissioned 30 October 1943 Commander J. C. Woefel in command.
 The Siemens-Schuckert R.II was a prototype bomber aircraft built in Germany during World War I. It was one of six aircraft based on the Siemens-Schuckert R.I that were originally intended to be identical but which each developed in a different direction and were designated as different aircraft types by the German Inspectorate of Flying Troops (the Idflieg). Although the R.II was the first of the batch to be completed it was the last accepted into military service and then only as a trainer.
 The Bretagne was a large 110-gun three-decker French ship of the line built at Brest which became famous as the flagship of the Brest Fleet during the American War of Independence. She was funded by a don des vaisseaux donation from the Estates of Bretagne.She was one of 17 ships of the line ordered in 1762 as a result of the Duc de Choiseul’s campaign to raise funds for the navy from the cities and provinces of France.
 The Hatsuyuki-class destroyer is a class of Japanese destroyer serving with the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF). It was the third generation of general purpose destroyers though like its predecessor the Yamagumo-class destroyer the main task is anti-submarine warfare. The class was completed between 1982 and 1987. Due to its size it would be more appropriately classed as a frigate.
 Queen Of Nations was an 827-ton wooden clipper ship. She was built in Aberdeen in 1861 and sailed out of Auckland New Zealand on the Sydney to Liverpool route.Queen of Nations wrecked in May 1881 on Corrimal Beach New South Wales Australia.
 The Mitsubishi J4M Senden (閃電Flashing Lighting) or Navy Experimental 17-Shi Otsu B Type Interceptor Fighter Senden Allied reporting name Luke was a Japanese World War II fighter aircraft proposed by Mitsubishi for use by the Imperial Japanese Navy. The J4M project did not proceed beyond the design stage.
 The Beechcraft AT-10 Wichita was a World War II trainer built for the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) by Beechcraft and the Globe Aircraft Company. It was used to train pilots for multi-engined aircraft such as bombers.
 The Raceair Skylite is an American ultralight aircraft that was designed by Ed Fisher and made available in the form of plans for amateur construction by Raceair Designs.The Skylite design was started in 1988 and the completed aircraft was first shown at Oshkosh in 1991.
 The Lucas L-6B (sometimes L6B) is a French homebuilt aircraft that was designed by Émile Lucas. When it was available the aircraft was supplied in the form of plans for amateur construction.
 The WWS-2 Żaba (Frog) was a single-seat training glider designed and built in Poland from 1937.
 USS Fairfax County (LST-1193) was a United States Navy Newport class tank landing ship.Fairfax County (LST-1193) was named for a county of that name in Virginia. She was laid down on 28 March 1970 at San Diego California by the National Steel and Shipbuilding Company; launched on 19 December 1970; sponsored by Mrs. James W. O'Grady; and commissioned on 16 October 1971 Comdr. John F.
 USS Castine (IX-211) was a ship in the United States Navy. She was originally named PC-452 a submarine chaser.PC-452 was laid down on 14 March 1940 at the DeFoe Boat and Motor Works in Bay City Michigan as Hull #167 under the Experimental Small Craft program of 17 May 1938.
 DS3 (Ukrainian: ДС3) — AC electric locomotive manufactured by Dnipropetrovsk research-and-production association for electric locomotive engineering (NPO DEVZ) (Ukrainian: Дніпропетровський електровозобудівний завод ДЕВЗ) jointly with Siemens.DS3 was designed as dual-purpose locomotive for both passenger and freight service but now is used primary for pulling express passenger trains. Siemens provides power electronics while DEVZ produces chassis traction motors auxiliary machinery etc.
 Tiba (gazelle) is an Iranian car made by Saipa that was unveiled in December 2008 as Miniator. The car was originally named Miniator based on the S81 platform.Price has been estimated to be less than 10000 dollars. The car uses an improved KIA Pride platform but its safety is relatively unknown as the producing company (Saipa) has not had the car tested by a 3rd-party or crash tested it by itself.
 Amazon is a 102-foot (31 m) long screw schooner ex-steam yacht built in 1885 at the private Arrow Yard of Tankerville Chamberlayne in Southampton.Designer Dixon Kemp intended her to be 'fast and a good seaboat' and her successful sea trials were recorded in the several editions of his definitive Yacht Architecture (First Edition published in 1885).In 2011 Amazon was listed as one of the world's Top 40 Classic Yachts and was the oldest vessel honored.
 The Flettner Fl 265 was an experimental helicopter designed by Anton Flettner.
 The Bellanca XSE-1 was an American carrier-based scout monoplane designed and built for the United States Navy by the Bellanca Aircraft Company.The XSE-1 was a two-seat high-wing cabin monoplane with folding wings and powered by a 650 hp (485 kW) Wright R-1820F radial engine. It was not ordered into production and only the prototype was built.
 USS Cronin (DE/DEC-704) was a Buckley-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy the second Navy ship named for Chief Gunner Cornelius Cronin (1838–1912) who was awarded the Medal of Honor for his coolness and close attention to duty in the Battle of Mobile Bay.Cronin was launched on 5 January 1944 at the Defoe Shipbuilding Company in Bay City Michigan sponsored by Mrs. E. B. Cronin daughter-in-law of the late Chief Gunner Cronin.
 The FUL MA 30 Graffiti is a German ultralight trike designed and produced by Fachschule für Ultraleicht und Motorflug (English: Professional School for Ultralights and Motorized Aircraft) of Hörselberg-Hainich Thuringia. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.The manufacturer is a flying school and aircraft importer that decided to produce their own model ultralight trike.
 The SECR Q1 class was a class of 0-4-4T steam locomotives of the South Eastern and Chatham Railway. The class was rebuilt from older Stirling Q class locomotives by Harry Wainwright between 1903 and 1919. These locomotives should not be confused with the later SR Q1 class 0-6-0.
 German submarine U-457 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She carried out three patrols. She sank two ships and damaged one more.She was a member of two wolfpacks.She was sunk northeast of the North Cape by a British warship in September 1942.
 USS Hawes (FFG-53) is a later model Oliver Hazard Perry-class guided missile frigate. She is named for Rear Admiral Richard E. Hawes (1894–1968) who was twice decorated with the Navy Cross for submarine salvage operations. Any ship that bears his name is the only ship in the U.S. naval fleet that can fly the pirate flag jolly roger that RDML Hawes designed himself.The contract to build Hawes was awarded to Bath Iron Works 22 May 1981 and her keel was laid 26 August 1983.
 The Gloster TSR.38 was a single-engined three-seat biplane designed as a naval torpedo/spotter/reconnaissance aircraft in the early 1930s. It did not reach production and only one was built.
 SS Assyrian was a cargo ship that was built in Hamburg for German owners in 1914 transferred to British owners in 1920 as war reparations and sunk by a U-boat in 1940. She was launched as MS Fritz and when she changed owners in 1920 she was renamed MS Assyrian. She had been built as a motor ship but in 1925 she was converted to a steamship and became SS Assyrian.
 The Fiat 600 (Italian: Seicento pronounced say-chento) is a city car produced by the Italian manufacturer Fiat from 1955 to 1969. Measuring only 3.22 m (10 ft 7 in) long it was the first rear-engined Fiat and cost the equivalent of about € 6700 or US$ 7300 in today's money (590000 lire then). The total number produced from 1955 to 1969 at the Mirafiori plant in Turin was 2695197.
 The USS Hector (AR-7) was a repair ship that served in the United States Navy from 1944 to 1987.
 The NW type J is a veteran automobile manufactured by Nesselsdorfer Wagenbau-Fabriks-Gesellschaft A.G. (NW now known as Tatra). Two basic versions are recognized - the initial J (30) with a 30 HP engine and the later J (40) with a 40 HP engine. As well as types K and L it had upright four-cylinder engines of side-valve design. The engines in the three types were rather heavy 4 to 5 liters.The car was able to reach a speed of 80 km/h.
 The Meitetsu 1700 series (名鉄1700系) is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by Nagoya Railroad (Meitetsu) in Japan.The 6-car trainsets were formed in 2008 by combining two cars from former 1600 series limited express EMUs with four newly built 2300 series commuter cars. The trains entered service from the start of the revised timetable on 27 December 2008.
 The FVA 1 Schwatze Düvel (Black Devil) was a glider produced in Germany in 1920.
 SS Duchess of Richmond was an ocean liner built in 1928 for Canadian Pacific Steamships by John Brown & Company in Clydebank Scotland. In 1947 she was renamed SS Empress of Canada.
 HMY Royal Escape was a royal yacht used by King Charles II. She was a former coastal trader a brig named Surprise. King Charles took passage on the Surprise after the final defeat of the royalist cause in 1651 narrowly avoiding pursuing Parliamentarian forces. He arrived safely in France where he lived in exile until the Restoration in 1660. On his return Charles purchased the ship he had travelled on naming her after his escape from England nearly a decade before.
 USS Branch (DD-197) was a Clemson-class destroyer in the United States Navy. She was later transferred to the Royal Navy as HMS Beverley to serve during World War II.
 The Redfern Nieuport 17/24 is an American homebuilt aircraft that was designed by Walter Redfern and produced by the Walter Redfern Company of Post Falls Idaho based upon the First World War Nieuport 17 and Nieuport 24 fighter aircraft. When it was available the aircraft was supplied in the form of plans for amateur construction.The plans allow a builder to complete the aircraft as either a Nieuport 17 or Nieuport 24.
 The Questair Venture is an American-built light sporting aircraft of the 1980s.
 MV Ocean Majesty is a cruise ship originally built in 1966 as the ferry Juan March.The ship is now registered in the International Shipping Register of Madeira (MAR) Portugal.
 USNS Alatna was a gasoline tanker specially constructed for service in polar regions was launched on 6 September 1956 at Staten Island New York by the Bethlehem Steel Corp.; sponsored by Mrs. Wilma Miles; and placed in service with the Military Sea Transportation Service in July 1957.Manned by a civil service crew Alatna carried petroleum products from ports along the Atlantic and gulf coasts and in the Caribbean Sea to scattered American outposts in both polar regions.
 The Nornen class patrol vessel is a Norwegian inshore patrol vessel designed for coast guard duties such as search and rescue fire fighting environmental protection customs duties and police duties.
 Ocean Queen was a side-paddled wooden ship built in 1857 by Stephen G. Bogert of the Westervelt & Co. Shipyard of New York City. The engines were built by the Morgan Iron Works also in New York. The original name of the ship was the Queen of the Pacific.
 The BAE Systems Phoenix (originally GEC-Marconi Phoenix) was an all-weather day or night real-time surveillance Unmanned Air Vehicle. It had a twin-boom UAV with a surveillance pod from which the imagery was data linked to a ground control station (GCS) that also controlled the aircraft in flight.
 USS James C. Owens (DD-776) an Allen M. Sumner-class destroyer is the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Lieutenant James C. Owens Jr. a member of Torpedo Squadron 8 on board Hornet (CV-8). His entire squadron was lost in an attack against Japanese carriers 4 June during the Battle of Midway. Lt. Owens received the Navy Cross and the Presidential Unit Citation (US) posthumously.James C.
 The third USS Chanticleer (ASR-7) was the lead ship of her class of submarine rescue ships in the United States Navy during World War II.Chanticleer was launched 29 May 1942 by Moore Shipbuilding and Drydock Co. Oakland California; sponsored by Mrs. W. K. Kilpatrick; commissioned 20 November 1942 Lieutenant Commander R. E. Hawes in command; and reported to the Pacific Fleet.
 The Honda S-MX (Japanese: ホンダ・S-MX) is a minivan produced by the Honda Motor Company sold between 1996 and 2002.
 The Yakovlev Yak-58 is a small multi-role utility transport and business aircraft. The aircraft features a pusher engine and twin boom tail. It saw limited production in the late 1990s.
 The Loire 60 was a 1930s French prototype for a long-range maritime reconnaissance flying boat produced by Loire Aviation.It was a trimotor training seaplane for reconnaissance derived from the Loire 50. A single prototype was built and tested but it never entered production.
 The Primor'ye class are a group of Intelligence collection ships built for the Soviet Navy. Two ships are operated by the Russian Navy. The Soviet designation was Project 394B.
 The Esplanada was a large car designed by the Brazilian subsidiary of French automaker Simca. Launched at the 1966 motor show in São Paulo (Salão do Automóvel) it replaced the models Présidence and Rallye and was manufactured until 1969 at the São Bernardo do Campo factory. It was a radically restyled version based on the originally Ford designed Ford Vedette (later rebadged Simca Vedette) and its successor the Simca Présidence and Rallye.
 USS Allen was a galley built in 1814 at Vergennes Vermont by Adam and Noah Brown. She was commissioned during the summer of 1814 with Sailing Master William M. Robins in command. She became a unit of Commodore Thomas Macdonough's squadron on Lake Champlain and participated in the Battle of Lake Champlain in September 1814 during which the American squadron captured the remnants of the British squadron under Captain George Downie.
 The Southern Skies Spymotor is an American paramotor that was designed and produced by Southern Skies of Taylorsville North Carolina for powered paragliding.
 USS Kanawha (SP-169) was a patrol vessel purchased by the United States Navy in 1917 which never saw active service.The U.S. Navy purchased USS Kanawha from H. C. Baxter of Brunswick Maine on 27 April 1917 for use as a patrol vessel during World War I.
 USS Hailey (DD-556) was a Fletcher-class destroyer of the United States Navy named for Captain Joshua Hailey commander of the privateer True Blood Yankee during the War of 1812.Hailey was launched 9 March 1943 by Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Corp. Seattle Wash. sponsored by Mrs. Claude S. Gillette wife of Rear Admiral Gillette; and commissioned 30 September 1943 Commander Parke H. Brady in command.
 Scipion was a 74-gun French ship of the line built at Lorient to a design by Jacques Noel Sane. She was launched as Orient in late 1798 and renamed Scipion in 1801. She was first commissioned in 1802 and joined the French Mediterranean fleet based at Toulon in the squadron of Admiral Leissègues. Consequently she was one of the ships ships afloat in that port when war with England reopened in May 1803. She participated in the Battle of Cape Finisterre and the Battle of Trafalgar.
 RMS Niagara was an ocean liner launched on 17 August 1912 and owned by the Union Steam Ship Company. She was nicknamed the Titanic of the Pacific but after the sinking of the real RMS Titanic this was dropped in favour of Queen of the Pacific.
 USS Mullany (DD-528) a Fletcher-class destroyer was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for Rear Admiral James Robert Madison Mullany (1818–1887).
 HMS Sophie was an 18-gun Cruizer class brig-sloop of the Royal Navy. She served during the Napoleonic Wars and the War of 1812. During the War of 1812 Sophie participated in the economic war against American trade capturing or destroying numerous small merchant vessels and in an unsuccessful attack on Fort Bowyer Alabama. Later she moved to the East Indies where she served in the First Anglo-Burmese War. The Admiralty sold Sophie in 1825.
 HMS Plymouth was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built at Devonport Dockyard (Devonport then known as Plymouth-Dock) to the 1706 Establishment of dimensions and launched on 25 May 1708.Orders were issued on 26 May 1720 directing Plymouth to be taken to pieces and rebuilt according to the 1719 Establishment at Chatham from where she was relaunched on 2 August 1722. Plymouth remained in service until she was broken up in 1764.
 The Mitsubishi RP-1 is an Experimental Japanese twin-engined helicopter developed as part of a secret company research programme. The RP-1 was first revealed in April 1994 just before it started hover trials leading to a first flight on 14 September 1994.
 The Steel Electric Class ferries became part of the Washington State Ferry System when Puget Sound Navigation Company was acquired in 1951. They were built on San Francisco Bay for service on Southern Pacific and Northwestern Pacific Railroad routes across that bay.
 The British Rail Class 09 is a class of 0-6-0 diesel locomotive designed primarily for shunting and also short distance freight trips along branch lines.The 26 locos are similar to the Class 08 shunting locomotives but have different gearing giving a top speed of 27.5 mph (44 km/h) at the expense of a lower tractive effort. They were introduced from 1959 to 1962 and originally operated in the Southern Region of British Railways.
 HMS Hercules was a Colossus-class battleship built by Palmers launched on 10 May 1910 and commissioned on 31 July 1911 at Portsmouth.
 USS Weight (ARS-35) was a Weight-class rescue and salvage ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. Her task was to come to the aid of stricken vessels.
 The M-class submarines also Malyutka-class (Russian: Малютка; baby or little one) were a class of small single- or 1½-hulled submarines built in the Soviet Union and used during World War II. The submarines were built in sections so they could easily be transported by rail. The production was centered in the Gorky Shipyard on the Volga River after which the sections were transported by railway to Leningrad for assembly and fitting out. This was the first use of welding on Soviet submarines.
 The first USS Mullany (DD-325) was a Clemson-class destroyer in the United States Navy following World War I. She was named for James Robert Madison Mullany.
 The BICh-20 Pionyer was a tail-less research aircraft designed and built in the USSR from 1937.
 The BK Fliers BK-1 is a single seat homebuilt aircraft.
 A. J. Goddard was a Klondike Gold Rush era sternwheeler owned by Seattle businessman Albert J. Goddard and build for transport of men and supplies on the Upper Yukon River in Canada. She was assembled from pieces which were manufactured in San Francisco shipped up to Skagway Alaska hauled over the Coast Mountains and finally assembled at Lake Bennett. She made one trip to Dawson during the gold rush was sold and sank in a storm on Lake Laberge in 1901.
 The Latécoère 14 was a French airliner built in 1923 but only to the extent of a single example. It was a conventional high-wing cantilever monoplane with a wing of very thick section. An enclosed cabin was provided for four passengers while the pilot sat in an open cockpit above the wing.
 USS Dapdap (YFB-684) was a United States Navy working launch in service from 1908 to 1942.Dapdap (YFB-684) a working launch was attached to the Naval Station Cavite Philippine Islands or the 16th Naval District from 1908 to 1942. Dapdap was lost 2 January 1942 to Japanese forces during the conquest of Luzon Island. She was stricken from the Navy List on 24 July 1942.
 The Volvo FH is a heavy truck range produced by Swedish Volvo Truck Corporation. Introduced in late 1993 as FH12 and FH16 production still continues with the now the second generation of FH range model lineup. FH stands for Front High cab where numbers denominate engine capacity in litres. The FH range is one of the most successful truck series ever having sold more than 400000 units worldwide.In September 2012 Volvo Trucks re-launched the Volvo FH with significant technology upgrades.
 The British Rail Class 15 diesel locomotives also known as the BTH Type 1 were designed by British Thomson-Houston and built by the Yorkshire Engine Company and the Clayton Equipment Company between 1957 and 1961.
 The Maid of England was a sailing barquentine built in Gross Coques Digby County Nova Scotia in 1919 by Omar Blinn. The Maid of England was the last square-rigged cargo vessel built in Maritime provinces of Canada. Maid of England was owned by F.K. Warren (of Halifax Nova Scotia) for nine years and then later abandoned at sea in 1928.The Maid of England was built in 1919 but did not appear in Lloyd’s registry until the 1920-21 edition. Her official number was 141573.
 The Infiniti Emerg-E is a concept car developed by the Infiniti division of Nissan Motors and was unveiled to the public at the 2012 Geneva Motor Show.It is based on the Lotus Evora platform and the hybrid powertrain shown in 2012 as the Lotus 414E concept car. The Emerg-E has two electric motors one powering each rear wheel producing a total of 402 bhp (300 kW; 408 PS) with 738 lb·ft (1001 N·m) of torque and providing acceleration to 60 mph in four seconds.
 The Scottish Aviation Pioneer was an STOL aircraft manufactured by Scottish Aviation in Scotland. It was used for casualty evacuation and communications and could accommodate a pilot and up to four passengers.
 HMS Gibraltar was an Edgar class cruiser launched in 1892 for service in the Royal Navy. She was built and engineered by Messrs Napier of Glasgow. Of 7700 loaded displacement she was coal-fired with four double-ended cylindrical boilers driving two shafts. She could make 20 knots (37 km/h) with forced draught and 18 knots (33 km/h) with natural draught. She was a very good sea boat and an exceptional steamer. During her early career she served mainly on foreign stations.
 The Petlyakov Pe-3 was the long-range night fighter version of the successful Petlyakov Pe-2 high-speed bomber used by the Soviet Union during World War II.Its design and use followed a comparable path to those taken by the German Luftwaffe with the Junkers Ju 88 and the British Royal Air Force with the De Havilland Mosquito. The Soviets realized the need for a night fighter after the first night bombing of Moscow during Operation Barbarossa.
 MV Swanland was a bulk carrier.The ship was built by Bijlsma Lemmer Scheepswerf of Lemmer in the Netherlands in 1977. Originally named Carebeka IX she was renamed several times. The vessel was last owned and operated as Swanland by Torbulk a company based in Grimsby and was registered in the Cook Islands as a flag of convenience.
 Southern Pacific Railroad's MC-1 class of steam locomotive consisted of two locomotives built by Baldwin Locomotive Works in April 1909. They are the first two locomotives converted by Southern Pacific (SP) to run as cab forward locomotives.The first of these two number 4000 entered service on May 26 1909. It was rebuilt as a cab forward and reclassified as an MC-2 in June 1923. Another rebuild on June 4 1931 simpled it with uniform cylinders and reclassified it as an AC-1.
 The Hankyu 9000 series (阪急電鉄9000系) is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated in Japan by the private railway operator Hankyu Railway since 2006.
 Shahbal is an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) designed by a group of aerospace engineers at Sharif University of Technology.
 The Matra Bagheera is a sports car created by the French engineering group Matra in cooperation with the automaker Simca and design by Greek designer Antonis Volanis. It was actually even marketed as Matra-Simca Bagheera to highlight the link except for the final production year 1980 when it was re-badged Talbot-Matra Bagheera after Chrysler Europe's demise and subsequent takeover by PSA.
 The Royal Aircraft Factory B.E.8 was a British two-seat single-engined general purpose biplane of the First World War designed by John Kenworthy at the Royal Aircraft Factory in 1913. Small numbers were used by the Royal Flying Corps over the Western Front in the first year of the war with the type being used as a trainer until 1916.
 HMAS Korowa was an auxiliary minesweeper operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) during World War II. She was launched in 1919 by Cochrane and Sons Ltd at Selby as Edward McGuire. The ship operated in Australian waters from 1937 and was requisitioned by the RAN in September 1939. She was returned to her owners in 1945 before being scrapped in 1954.
 HMS President was ordered in May 1818 to be built as a 58-gun frigate to the exact lines of the previous President captured from the Americans in January 1815; this prize ship was re-classed as a 60-gun fourth rate in February 1817 but was taken to pieces in June 1818.
 The third USS Cayuga (LST-1186) was a Newport-class tank landing ship in the United States Navy. She was named after a county in New York.Cayuga was laid down on 28 September 1968 at San Diego California by the National Steel & Shipbuilding Corporation; launched on 12 July 1969; sponsored by Mrs. Luther C. Heinz; and commissioned on 8 August 1970 Commander William T.
 USS Jefferson was a brig in the United States Navy during the War of 1812. She was named for Thomas Jefferson.Jefferson was built at Sackett's Harbor New York for service in Commodore Isaac Chauncey's fleet on Lake Ontario and launched 7 April 1814. She was manned by a crew from sloop of war Erie which had been laid up at Baltimore because of the British blockade of Chesapeake Bay. Comdr. Charles G.
 Ford Capri was a name used by the Ford Motor Company for three different automobile models. The Ford Consul Capri coupé was produced by Ford of Britain between 1961 and 1964. The Ford Capri coupé was produced by Ford of Europe from 1969 to 1986. The Ford/Mercury Capri convertible was produced by the Ford Motor Company of Australia from 1989 to 1994.The Capri name was also used by Ford's Lincoln-Mercury Division on six different models which did not bear the Ford name.
 The HESA Shahed 278 (Persian: شاهد ۲۷۸‎) is a light utility helicopter developed in Iran.Iran's Shahed Aviation Industries Research Center plans to produce several variants of Shahed the sources said. The first platform was the Shahed-278 (Oh-78) described as a light reconnaissance helicopter and armed with weapons and sensors. Test flights of the Shahed-278 (Oh-78) began in 2005.[1]
 SM48 is the name for class of Soviet diesel locomotives operating in Poland for PKP. The original designation was ТЭМ2 (TEM2) and was the Soviet-built version[citation needed] of the ALCO RSD-1.
 Kikuzuki (菊月 ”chrysanthemum moon”) was one of twelve Mutsuki-class destroyers built for the Imperial Japanese Navy following World War I. Advanced for their time these ships served as first-line destroyers through the 1930s but were considered obsolescent by the start of the Pacific War.The ship's name Kikuzuki is also a reference to the ninth month of the lunar calendar.
 LÉ Róisín (P51) is the lead ship of her class of offshore patrol vessel in the Irish Naval Service.
 The Loire 210 was a French single-seat catapult-launched fighter seaplane designed and built by Loire Aviation for the French Navy.
 HMS Bermuda was an 18-gun Bermuda sloop of the Royal Navy.Bermuda was built in Bermuda of Bermuda cedar in 1805 as the lead ship of her class. The Bermudas were modified versions of the Dasher class of 1797 and eventually consisted of six ships. She was launched in 1805 and commissioned in October that year under the command of William Henry Byam from Busy Halifax. She only spent three years in service before being wrecked on Memory Rock Little Bermuda on 22 April 1808.
 USS Baton Rouge (SSN-689) is a Los Angeles-class nuclear-powered submarine which served with the United States Navy. With her keel laid down on 18 November 1972 Baton Rouge was launched on 26 April 1975. She became the second Los Angeles class submarine to be commissioned on 25 June 1977. In 1995 she was the first of her class to be decommissioned. Baton Rouge was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Baton Rouge Louisiana.
 HMS Lightning was a torpedo boat built by John Thornycroft at Church Wharf in Chiswick for the Royal Navy which entered service in 1876 and was the first seagoing vessel to be armed with self-propelled Whitehead torpedoes. She was later renamed Torpedo Boat No. 1.As originally built Lightning had two drop collars to launch torpedoes; these were replaced in 1879 by a single torpedo tube in the bow.
 The Elizabeth C. Stanton class transport ship was a transport class of the United States Navy that originated just prior to the second World War. There existed only four ships to the class. The class is named for Elizabeth Cady Stanton. All ships of this class are named for important women in history.
 The Simca Alvorada was a stripped version of the Simca Chambord the first model to be built by Simca do Brasil. The Chambord which was a direct copy of the French built Simca Vedette had first left the production line in March 1959 and featured an 84 hp (63 kW) engine 3 speed gearbox with the shifter located on the steering column and was assembled with parts imported from France.
 The ALCO Century 430 was a four-axle 3000 hp (2237 kW) diesel-electric locomotive of the road switcher type. 16 were built between July 1966 and February 1968. Cataloged as a part of ALCO's 'Century' line of locomotives the C430 was an upgraded version of the C425 model. Since 1992 5 C430s have remained in existence.
 The Baldwin DRS-4-4-1500 was a United States diesel-electric locomotive of the road switcher type rated at 1500-horsepower (1100 kW) that rode on two-axle trucks having a B-B wheel arrangement. It was manufactured from 1947 until it was replaced in 1950 by the 1600-horsepower (1200 kW) AS-16.Nine railroads bought 35 locomotives with five railroads later buying the successor model.
 The Payen Pa 49 Katy was a small experimental French turbojet powered tailless aircraft first flown in 1954 was the first French aircraft of this kind and the smallest jet aircraft of its day.
 USS Oregon was a brig that served in the United States Navy from 1841 to 1845.Lieutenant Charles Wilkes purchased the American brig Thomas H. Perkins for U.S. Navy service in August 1841 at Astoria Oregon. Wilkes commanding the U.S. Exploring Expedition purchased her to accommodate the officers and crew of USS Peacock which had been wrecked on 18 July 1841.
 Alfa Romeo Tipo A Monoposto was the first monoposto (single-seater) racing car designed by Alfa Romeo. The car had two 6C 1750 straight-6 engines and gearboxes assembled side by side. Producing 230 bhp (172 kW) the car had top speed of 149 mph (240 km/h).The car's best racing achievement was in the Coppa Acerbo of 1931; Tazio Nuvolari was third with Giuseppe Campari winning. Luigi Arcangeli was killed at Monza in 1931 while practising with this car for the Italian GP.
 The Lockheed Ventura was a bomber and patrol aircraft of World War II used by United States and British Commonwealth forces in several guises.The Ventura was developed from the Lockheed Model 18 Lodestar transport as a replacement for the Lockheed Hudson bombers then in service with the Royal Air Force.
 TCDD MT5300 was a series of diesel multiple units operated by the Turkish State Railways. The trains were used on intercity services and offered higher speeds and comfort than steam powered trains. There had many similarities to the MT5200. The motor units were built by MAN Esslingen and Duewag with MAN Diesel engines while the centre cars were built by Westwaggon.
 NoCGV Harstad is a purpose-built offshore patrol vessel for the Norwegian Coast Guard. She is named after the city Harstad in Northern Norway.Harstad was built as a multipurpose vessel but optimised for emergency towing of large oil tankers (up to 200000 metric tons deadweight (DWT)) oil spill clean-up and fire fighting. The most common duty will be fishery inspection and search and rescue in Norway's large exclusive economic zone.
 The Norton International or Cammy Norton is a Norton Motors Ltd overhead cam (OHC) motorcycle between 1931 and 1957.More than a TT replica sports roadster the OHC Model 30 was 500 cc and the OHC Model 40 was 350 cc. During the 1930s it could be ordered from the Norton factory with all manner of racing parts fitted.
 HMS Tweed was a 32-gun sailing frigate of the fifth rate produced for the Royal Navy. She was designed in 1757 by Sir Thomas Slade based on the lines of the smaller sixth rate HMS Tartar but with a 10-foot midsection inserted.The Tweed was commissioned in April 1759 under Captain William Paston. In 1763 command passed to Captain Charles Douglas until the ship paid off into reserve in April 1765. In November 1766 she was recommissioned under Captain Thomas Collingwood.
 HMS Bristol was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built at Plymouth Dockyard according to the 1706 Establishment and launched on 8 May 1711.On 22 November 1742 Bristol was ordered to be dismantled for rebuilding. Unlike the vast majority of ships of the line rebuilt during the Establishment era Bristol was not reconstructed according to the establishment in effect at the time (in this case the 1741 proposals of the 1719 Establishment).
 The C sets are a class of electric multiple unit train operated by Sydney Trains in New South Wales Australia. The carriages are of stainless steel double deck construction.
 The Nakajima B6N Tenzan (Japanese: 中島 B6N 天山—Heavenly Mountain Allied reporting name: Jill) was the Imperial Japanese Navy's standard carrier-borne torpedo bomber during the final years of World War II and the successor to the B5N Kate. Due to its protracted development a shortage of experienced pilots and the United States Navy's achievement of air superiority by the time of its introduction the B6N was never able to fully demonstrate its combat potential.
 The Teichfuss Grifo was an Italian training glider designed by Luigi Teichfuss and flown in 1934. It was built in small numbers.
 The South African Class 5E1 Series 2 of 1963 is a South African electric locomotive from the South African Railways era.In 1963 and 1964 the South African Railways placed one hundred and thirty Class 5E1 Series 2 electric locomotives with a Bo-Bo wheel arrangement in mainline service. These were the first electric locomotives to be built in South Africa in quantity.
 The KM131 Jeep alternately K 131 or KM 420 is a Light Utility Vehicle manufactured by Kia Motors in South Korea. The Kia KM131 Jeep was designed and developed by Asia Motorsbegan to provide into ROK Army in 1997 as the replacement of its predecessor KM111 Jeep due to its deterioration under Kia Motors and its civilian version is well known as the Kia Retona began to sold in 1998 until 2003.
 The DC-X short for Delta Clipper or Delta Clipper Experimental was an unmanned prototype of a reusable single stage to orbit launch vehicle built by McDonnell Douglas in conjunction with the United States Department of Defense's Strategic Defense Initiative Organization (SDIO) from 1991 to 1993. Starting 1994 until 1995 testing continued through funding of the US civil space agency NASA.
 USS Dutton (AGSC-8/AGS-8) originally PCS-1396 was a PCS-1376-class minesweeper built for the United States Navy during World War II that was later converted into a survey ship. She was the first US Navy ship to named in honor of Benjamin Dutton Jr.PCS-1396 was launched 7 August 1943 by South Coast Co. Newport Beach California; sponsored by Miss Cynthia A. Gaffney; and commissioned 29 March 1944 Lieutenant F. E. Sturmer USNR in command.
 USS Bellona (ARL-32) was one of 39 Achelous-class landing craft repair ships built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named for Bellona (a Roman goddess of war variously identified as the sister daughter and wife of Mars) she was the only U.S.
 SS Goya was a Norwegian refugee ship that carried hundreds of Eastern European refugees to New Zealand in 1951. Most notably it carried several men who went on to play a significant role in the development of the New Zealand Muslim Association including Mazhar Krasniqi and Nazmi Mehmeti.The ship departed Piraeus Greece and arrived in Wellington on 1 May 1951.
 The Armidale class is a class of patrol boats built for the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). Planning for a class of vessels to replace the fifteen Fremantle class patrol boats began in 1993 as a joint project with the Royal Malaysian Navy but was cancelled when Malaysia pulled out of the process. The project was reopened in 1999 under the designation SEA 1444 with the RAN as the sole participant.
 The Taymyr was an icebreaking steamer of 1200 tons built for the Russian Imperial Navy at St. Petersburg in 1909. It was named after the Taymyr Peninsula.Taymyr and her sister ship Vaygach were built for the purpose of thoroughly exploring the uncharted areas of the Northern Sea Route. This venture became known as the Arctic Ocean Hydrographic Expedition.
 The Sacramento-class fast combat support ships were a class of four United States Navy supply ships used to refuel rearm and restock ships in the United States Navy in both the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.
 The Jeep J8 is a military vehicle based on the Jeep Wrangler platform. The model was introduced at the Defence Systems & Equipment International (DSEi) trade show on September 13 2007. Targeted for use by the militaries in overseas markets the J8 is not designed to meet U.S. emission standards. The J8 is assembled in Egypt and in Israel.
 USS S-51 (SS-162) was a fourth-group (S-48) S-class submarine of the United States Navy.Her keel was laid down on 22 December 1919 by the Lake Torpedo Boat Company of Bridgeport Connecticut. She was launched on 20 August 1921 sponsored by Mrs. R.J. Mills and commissioned on 24 June 1922 with Lieutenant W. S. Haas in command.
 USCS later USC&GS Barataria was a steamer that served as a survey ship in the United States Coast Survey from 1867 to 1878 and in the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey from 1878 to 1885.Barataria initially entered service in the Coast Survey. When the Coast Survey was reorganized in 1878 to form the Coast and Geodetic Survey she became a part of the new service.Barataria operated mostly along the United States Gulf Coast during her career.
 USS Abinago (YTB-493/YTM-493) was a Pessacus-class large harbor tug in the service of the United States Navy. Her name means in the morning in the Navajo language.She was laid down on 25 September 1944 at Brooklyn New York by Ira S. Bushey and Sons launched on 22 December 1944 and delivered to the Navy on 14 June 1945.
 BNS Durjoy is a Durjoy-class semi stealth corvette of the Bangladesh Navy. She is the first ship of the class. She was delivered to the Bangladesh Navy in 2013.
 The G-5 was a Soviet motor torpedo boat built before and during World War II. Approximately 300 were built of which 73 were lost during the war. Four were exported to the Spanish Republican Navy during the Spanish Civil War and others were transferred to North Korea after the war. Three were captured by the Finns but only two were used before all three had to be returned to the Soviets after the Moscow Armistice in 1944.
 USS Floyd County (LST-762) was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named after counties in Georgia Indiana Iowa Kentucky Texas and Virginia she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.LST-762 was laid down on 24 June 1944 at Ambridge Pennsylvania by the American Bridge Company; launched on 11 August 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Margaret M. Ewing; and commissioned on 5 September 1944 with Lieutenant Franklin J.
 The Boeing VC-25 is the designation of a United States Air Force passenger transportation aircraft a military version of the Boeing 747 airliner. The A-model (VC-25A) is the only variant of the VC-25.The VC-25 is most famous for its role as Air Force One the call sign of any U.S. Air Force aircraft carrying the President of the United States. The two aircraft currently in U.S. service are highly modified versions of Boeing's 747-200B with tail numbers 28000 and 29000.
 HMS Broadsword was the lead ship and first Batch 1 unit of the Type 22 frigates of the Royal Navy.
 HMS Royalist was an Satellite-class composite screw sloop of the Royal Navy built in 1883 and hulked as a depot ship in 1900. She was renamed Colleen in 1913 transferred to the Irish Free State in 1923 and broken up in 1950.
 The second USS Maury (DD-401) was a Gridley-class destroyer in the United States Navy. She was named for Matthew Maury.
 MS Stena Performer is a ro-ro ferry that entered service with Seatruck Ferries April in 2012.The vessel is currently on charter to Stena Line from Seatruck Ferries. It was previously named Seatruck Performance.
 USS Sarda (SS-488) a Tench-class submarine was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the sarda a game fish of the central southwestern and western Pacific Ocean. Financed by bonds purchased during the Seventh War Loan by the residents of Lynn Massachusetts her keel was laid down on 12 April 1945 at the Portsmouth Navy Yard. She was launched on 24 August 1945 sponsored by Mrs. Heffernan the wife of James J. Heffernan Congressman from New York.
 USS Nauset (AT–89) was a Navajo class tug in the United States NavyNauset was laid down 10 August 1942 by the Cramp Shipbuilding Company Philadelphia Pennsylvania; launched 7 September 1942; and commissioned 2 March 1943; Lt. (j.g.) H. K. Wombacher in command.Following shakedown off the mid-Atlantic and New England coasts Nauset departed Norfolk Virginia 28 April and sailed via Bermuda to Mers-el-Kebir Algeria arriving 26 May.
 SS Empire Bunting was a 6318 ton cargo ship which was built in 1919. She saw service in the interwar period under the American flag but was transferred to the British Ministry of War Transport during the Second World War. She made a number of cross-Atlantic voyages often sailing in convoys. She ended her career by being sunk as a blockship on the Normandy coast supporting the allied landings there in 1944.
 The Antares A-ONE is the maiden flight of Orbital Sciences' Antares rocket with a boilerplate payload the Cygnus Mass Simulator which was launched April 21 2013. It was launched from Pad 0A at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport (MARS) on Wallops Island Virginia USA. The boilerplate payload simulates the mass of the Cygnus cargo spacecraft.
 The Yūshin Maru No. 2 (第二勇新丸 Daini Yūshin Maru) is a Japanese-registered whale catcher that undertakes whaling operations in the North Pacific Ocean and Southern Ocean. Along with other vessels of the Japanese whaling fleet its efforts and the ensuing conflict with the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society have been featured on American television since 2008 in the documentary-style reality series Whale Wars.
 The Mercedes-Benz Typ 230 n was introduced by Mercedes-Benz in 1937 as a successor to the Typ 230 (W 21). It was one of several models over the space of nearly eight decades to be sold with a name along the lines Mercedes-Benz 230 and is therefore in retrospect more normally named according to its internal works designation as the Mercedes-Benz W 143
 The MV Governor is a passenger ferry that operates in Massachusetts. She was formerly the MV Crown City between 1954 and 1970 and the MV Kulshan between 1970 and 1982.Currently operated by the Woods Hole Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket Steamship Authority (SSA) she was built in 1954 to operate the ferry service from San Diego to Coronado California.
 The first USS New Haven was a gundalow built in 1776 on Lake Champlain Capt. Mansfield in command under General Benedict Arnold who was a native of the ship's namesake city. New Haven took part in the engagement with the British Squadron at the Battle of Valcour Island on 11 and 12 October 1776. The New Haven was among those vessels deliberately grounded and burned preceding the American retreat overland to Crown Point and Fort Ticonderoga.
 Trieste is a Swiss-designed Italian-built deep-diving research bathyscaphe which with her crew of two reached a record maximum depth of about 10911 metres (35797 ft) in the deepest known part of the Earth's oceans the Challenger Deep in the Mariana Trench near Guam in the Pacific.
 The first John Adams was originally built as a frigate in 1799 converted to a corvette in 1809 and later converted back to a frigate in 1830 for use in the United States Navy.
 General John McE. Hyde was a ferry boat built for the United States Army in 1921. The ferry was assigned to provide transportation services among the military facilities in Manila Bay Philippines under administrative command of the Coast Artillery Corps.General John McE. Hyde was sunk during World War II during the Battle of Corregidor by Japanese aircraft on 26 December 1941 after safely delivering nurses from Manila to establish Hospital #2 at Coclaban.
 HMS Contest was one of three Banshee-class destroyers to serve with the Royal Navy.She was launched on 1 December 1894 at the Laird Son and Co shipyard Birkenhead and served most of her career in home waters. She served as part of the Medway Instructional Flotilla in 1901.She was sold off in 1911.
 HMAS Gunbar (GN) was an auxiliary minesweeper operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) during World War II.Gunbar was built by Ardrossan Drydock & Shipbuilding Company Glasgow for the North Coast Steam Navigation Company and launched on 9 December 1911. She was sold in 1926 to the Gunbar Shipping Company> Gunbar was sold back to the North Coast Steam Navigation Company in 1929 before being sold again in the same year to Richardson & Company.
 The Jurca MJ-14 Fourtouna (English: Tempest) was a racing aircraft designed in France in the late 1970s. It was an unconventional low-wing cantilever monoplane with retractable tailwheel undercarriage. The fuselage had a low profile that required the pilot to sit in a reclined position. The vertical stabiliser was very small but aft of the cockpit the fuselage changed shape from being low and broad to being high and narrow.
 USS Develin (AMc-45) was an Accentor-class coastal minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.Develin was launched by the Gibbs Gas Engine Co. Jacksonville Florida on 10 April 1941.
 The Russian submarine AG-12 was an AG-class (AG = Amerikansky Golland) submarine which served in the Gulf of Finland during World War I. During the war Russian submarines operated from bases in Finland. AG-12 and three of her sisters were scuttled in Hanko harbor on 3 April 1918 just prior to the German landing there. AG-12 and AG-16 seemed to be in relatively good shape and the Finns decided to salvage them.
 USS Long Beach (AK-9) was a cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy for service in World War I.
 TSS South Stack was a twin screw steamer passenger and cargo vessel operated by the London and North Western Railway from 1900 to 1923 and the London Midland and Scottish Railway from 1923 to 1931.
 Adventuress is a 133-foot (41 m) gaff-rigged schooner launched in 1913 in East Boothbay Maine. She has since been restored and is listed as a National Historic Landmark.Adventuress is currently operated by Sound Experience a non-profit organization based in Port Townsend Washington.
 USS Regis II (SP-1083) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Regis II was built as a private motor yacht or motorboat of the same name in 1902 for J. E. Kerr of Baltimore Maryland by Simon Martin. In 1917 her owner loaned her to the U.S. Navy for use as a section patrol boat during World War I.
 HMS Lancaster was an 80-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched at Bursledon on 3 April 1694.She was rebuilt according to the 1719 Establishment at Portsmouth from where she was relaunched on 1 September 1722. After this time her armament of 80 guns previously carried on two gundecks was carried on three though she continued to be classified as a third rate.
 The Bristol Type 107 Bullpup was a British fighter aircraft built in the 1920s. It was not selected for squadron service and only the single prototype was built
 The Dewoitine D.27 was a parasol monoplane fighter aircraft designed by Émile Dewoitine in 1928.
 USS Zipalong (SP-3) was an armed motorboat that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel during 1917.Zipalong was a wooden-hulled motorboat built in 1907 at Boston Massachusetts by George Lawley & Son with the name Gansetta. Subsequently Gansetta was renamed Zipalong.The U.S. Navy acquired Zipalong in the spring of 1917 from Albert and Leonard Schwarz and W. W. Miller for service in World War I.
 The Antonov An-71 (NATO reporting name: Madcap) was a Soviet AWACS aircraft intended for use with VVS FA (Fighter Bomber) forces of the Soviet Air Force. Its design was based on An-72 with a completely redesigned rear fuselage supporting the rotodome of the radar atop the broad chord forward swept fin. The cargo hold held the electronic equipment and six operators stations. Development never progressed past the prototype stage the first of which flew on 12 July 1985.
 The Taipei Metro EMU301 cars are the first electric multiple units to operate on the heavy-capacity lines of the Taipei Rapid Transit System when the Tamsui Line began operations on March 28 1997.
 The Volkswagen Constellation is the flagship truck produced by the Brazilian manufacturer Volkswagen Trucks and Buses (a subsidiary of MAN) since 2005. The line covering the 13-57 tonne gross combination mass (GCM) segment.
 The Microleve ML 500 is a Brazilian ultralight aircraft that was designed by Swiss engineer Hans Gygax and produced by Microleve of Rio de Janeiro. The aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.The company appears to be out of business and the aircraft no longer available.
 SM U-11 was one of the 329 submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy in World War I. U-11 was engaged in the naval warfare and took part in the First Battle of the Atlantic.
 The Blackburn R.2 Airedale was a single-engine three-seat monoplane deck-landing aircraft for land and sea reconnaissance built in the UK in 1924. Only two were built.
 The Schneider Grunau Baby (named for the town where Schneider's factory was located - now Jeżów Sudecki in Poland) was a single-seat sailplane first built in Germany in 1931 with some 6000 examples constructed in some 20 countries. It was relatively easy to build from plans it flew well and the aircraft was strong enough to handle mild aerobatics and the occasional hard landing.
 USS Hackleback (SS-295) a Balao-class submarine was a ship of the United States Navy named after the hackleback a freshwater fish of the sturgeon family.Hackleback was launched 30 May 1943 by the Cramp Shipbuilding Co. Philadelphia Pa.; sponsored by Mrs. W. L. Wright; and commissioned 7 November 1944 Lt. Comdr. Frederick E. Janney in command. After training out of New London Hackleback reported to the Fleet Sonar School at Key West 24 December.
 The Howrah was an iron hulled sailing ship of 1098 tons built at Sunderland in 1864 by Pile Spence and Company. She arrived in Fiji on 26 June 1884 carrying 575 passengers.The Howrah was chartered for three voyages from England to New Zealand. During one of these voyages although she made the passage in 96 days she encountered some very rough weather and ten passengers died.The Howrah was also used to carry indentured labourers to the West Indies.
 The Hyundai Xcent is a subcompact sedan by Hyundai Motor Company. Based on the Hyundai Grand i10 the Xcent is manufactured by Hyundai Motor India Limited in Chennai. It made its debut on February 4 2014 three days ahead of its world premiere at the Auto Expo 2014.Like the Grand i10 the Xcent will be available with two engine options: 1.1 liter three-cylinder U2 CRDi diesel rated at 72 ps at 4000 rpm and 180.4 nm torque between 1750 and 2500 rpm with a mileage of 24.4 km/l.
 USS Virginia (SP-274) was a yacht in the United States Navy.She was constructed in 1910 by Elco at Bayonne New Jersey. The ship was purchased by the Navy on 5 May 1917 from Mr. Daniel W. Smith of New York City and delivered to the Government on 2 July.
 USS Seminole (AT-65) the third ship named Seminole of the United States Navy was a Navajo-class fleet tug whose task was to travel with the fleet and provide towing services as required.Seminole was laid down on 16 December 1938 by the Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation Staten Island New York; launched on 15 September 1939; sponsored by Miss Grace Svenningsen daughter of the Foreman Carpenter at the Staten Island Yard; and commissioned on 8 March 1940 Lt. Comdr. William G.
 Empire Bede was a 6959 GRT cargo ship which was built by G M Harland & Wolff Ltd Glasgow in 1942 for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). She had a short career being damaged by a torpedo and then sunk by gunfire on 18 August 1942.
 K-278 Komsomolets was the only Project 685 Plavnik (Плавник meaning fin also known by its NATO reporting name of Mike-class) nuclear-powered attack submarine of the Soviet Navy. On 4 August 1984 K-278 reached a record submergence depth of 1020 metres (40000 inches)Norwegian Sea. The boat sank in 1989 and is currently resting on the floor of the Barents Sea one mile deep with its nuclear reactor and two nuclear warheads still on board.
 The Robinson Redwing was a British two-seat single-engined biplane light aircraft built in the UK in 1930. Twelve were produced selling mostly to Clubs; one aircraft survives.
 SS Weser was an ocean liner owned by North German Lloyd. The ship was built by Caird & Company of Greenock Scotland in 1867 and served the Bremen-Southampton-New York-Baltimore line from June 1 1867 until June 13 1895 when she was transferred to the Bremen-South America service for two roundtrip voyages until being sold to an Italian company in June 1896. She was renamed the Seravalle and flew under the Italian flag. The ship was scrapped in August 1896 in Genoa Italy.
 USS Honduras (1861) was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. The Union Navy commissioned her as a supply ship and dispatch boat who task was to support the Navy ships blockading the Confederate States of America.
 The Kiev class carriers (also known as Project 1143 or as the Krechyet (Gyrfalcon) class) were the first class of fixed-wing aircraft carriers built in the Soviet Union. First laid down in 1970 the Kiev class was partially based on a design for a full-deck carrier proposed in Project Orel. Originally the Soviet Navy wanted a supercarrier similar to the American Kitty Hawk class.
 USS Burrows (DD-29) was a modified Paulding-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War I and later in the United States Coast Guard designated (CG-10). She was the second ship named for Lieutenant William Ward Burrows II.Burrows was launched on 23 June 1910 by New York Shipbuilding Company Camden New Jersey sponsored by Miss Lorna Dorthea Burrows a relative of Lieutenant Burrows and commissioned on 21 February 1911 with Lieutenant Junius F. Hellweg in command.
 The Caledonian Railway 812 and 652 Classes were 0-6-0 steam tender locomotives designed by John F. McIntosh for the Caledonian Railway and introduced in 1899. They had the same boiler type as the 721 “Dunalastair” Class 4-4-0s.
 The Sōtetsu 5000 series (相鉄5000系) is a commuter electric multiple unit train formerly operated by Sagami Railway (Sōtetsu) in Japan.
 USS Governor (AMc-82) was an Accentor-class coastal minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.Governor a wooden-hulled coastal minesweeper was launched by Camden Shipbuilding & Marine Railway Co. Camden Maine 26 July 1941; sponsored by Mrs. Richard Lyman; and placed in service 29 January 1942 at Boston Navy Yard Lt. Alfred F. Page Jr. in command.
 The RegioSprinter is a German diesel railcar built by Siemens-Duewag for rapid regional railway services. Originally the RegioSprinter was designated as a Regional Combustion-engined Railbus (Regional-Verbrennungstriebwagen or RVT) by Duewag AG.Developed as prototypes for fast regional railway services on the plains the RegioSprinter still has the fastest acceleration of any multiple unit or railbus in Germany. Due to several technical and conceptual defect however only very few were built.
 The CB1300 is a 1284 cc (78.4 cu in) Honda motorcycle released in 1998 as a successor to the CB1000. Its engine with only minor modifications came straight from the Honda X4 which had been released the previous year. In 2003 the CB1300 received a slightly different engine lacking the external cooling fins of the previous one.
 HMS Tourmaline (J339) was a Catherine-class minesweeper of the Royal Navy during the Second World War. Originally planned as USS Usage (AM-130) of the United States Navy's Auk class she was transferred to the United Kingdom under Lend-Lease.
 The Alfa Romeo 164 (Type 164) is a four-door executive sedan manufactured and marketed by the Italian automaker Alfa Romeo from 1987 to 1998 and styled Enrico Fumia at Pininfarina.Unveiled at the 1987 Frankfurt Motor Show the 164 was the last model to be developed while the Alfa Romeo was still a fully independent company and was formally launched a few months after Fiat purchased the company.The 164 was superseded by the Alfa Romeo 166 in 1998 after 273857 had been produced.
 Tench-class submarines were a type of submarine built for the United States Navy (USN) between 1944 and 1951. They were an evolutionary improvement over the Gato and Balao classes only about 35 to 40 tons larger but more strongly built and with a slightly improved internal layout.
 HMS Hardy (R08) was a V-class destroyer of the Royal Navy that saw service during the Second World War.She built by John Brown & Company Clydebank laid down on 14 May 1942 launched 18 March 1943 and completed 14 August 1943.Hardy was lost on 30 January 1944.
 R/V Tioga is a coastal research vessel operated by the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution.Tioga is a fast coastal vessel designed to quickly take advantage of weather windows and breaking events such as the 2004 Harmful Algae Bloom (Red Tide) outbreak.Currently Tioga is heavily involved in the tagging and studying of the endangered Right whales and the maintenance of the Martha's Vineyard Coastal Observatory.Tioga is capable of many missions such as education autonomous vehicle operations coring water sampling diving whale tagging mooring deployments and recoveries instrument deployments and is a cost-effective way to test and troubleshoot equipment before longer cruises on larger vessels.She is the third of the Challenger class Research Vessels. 
 The Town class was a group of twenty-one light cruisers built for the Royal Navy (RN) and Royal Australian Navy (RAN). These vessels were long-range cruisers suitable for patrolling the vast expanse covered by the British Empire.
 Otter was a wooden sternwheel steamboat that was used in Puget Sound and briefly on the Columbia and Stikine rivers from 1874 to 1897.
 TAI Gözcü is a radio-controlled short-range tactical drone. Designed developed and built by Turkish Aerospace Industries (TAI) the unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) is in use by the Turkish Armed Forces for intelligence surveillance target acquisition and reconnaissance purposes. Gözcü is the Turkish word for observer.
 The Ikarus ŠM (Serbian Cyrillic:Икарус ШМ) ŠM (for Školski Mornarički en:School Navy) was the first design of Eng. Josip Mikl for the Yugoslav company Ikarus it was a side-by-side two-seat biplane flying boat powered by a 100 hp (75 kW) Mercedes engine. The aircraft used for training by the Yugoslav Royal Navy.
 The Schoettler I was one of the first aircraft constructed in China albeit with a German designer. It was a two seat single engine biplane first flown in mid-summer 1923.
 The Maserati Tipo 60/61 “Birdcage” is a light and powerful sports racer produced in 1959-1960 that exhibits superb aerodynamics.
 USS Music (SP-1288) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1918.Music was built as a civilian motor launch of the same name in either 1880 or 1914 by the Chance Marine Construction Company at Annapolis Maryland. On 17 August 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired her from her owner the Conservation Commission of Maryland for use as a section patrol boat during World War I.
 The Percival P.56 Provost was a British ab initio trainer that was developed for the Royal Air Force in the 1950s as a replacement for the Percival Prentice. It was a low-wing monoplane with a fixed tailwheel undercarriage and had an unusual side-by-side seating arrangement. The Provost has the distinction of being the last piston-engine basic trainer aircraft to be operated by the RAF.The Provost was later adapted to make use of a turbojet engine producing the BAC Jet Provost.
 Charles Martel and Brennus were two French ironclad battleships laid down in 1881–85 but cancelled in 1886 at an early stage of construction. They were slightly enlarged Marceaus but with partial waterline belt armour. (The only large French armoured battleships completed in the 19th Century to have a partial armoured belt were the Dévastation class and the Masséna.) Charles Martel – may have been laid down in 1883 at Toulon.
 The ProFe Banjo is a family of Czech high-wing strut-braced T-tailed gliders and motor gliders designed and produced by ProFe in kit form for amateur construction.
 The CZAW SportCruiser is a two seat single engine tricycle undercarriage fixed-wing aircraft that was introduced in 2006 by Czech Aircraft Works (CZAW) now named Czech Sport Aircraft. The aircraft is now often called the CSA SportCruiser.In January 2010 the SportCruiser was added to the Piper Aircraft line as the PiperSport under a licencing agreement with Czech Sport Aircraft. This arrangement was terminated one year later in January 2011.
 USS Flint (CL-97) was a modified Atlanta-class light cruiser sometimes referred to as the Oakland-class. She was named after the city of Flint Michigan. She was launched on 25 January 1944 by Bethlehem Steel Company of San Francisco California sponsored by Mrs. R. A. Pitcher. She was and commissioned on 31 August 1944 with Captain C. R. Will in command. She was reclassified CLAA-97 on 18 March 1949.
 USS S-49 (SS-160) was a fourth-group (S-48) S-class submarine submarine of the United States Navy. Her keel was laid down on 22 October 1920 by the Lake Torpedo Boat Company in Bridgeport Connecticut. She was launched on 23 April 1921 sponsored by Mrs. Joseph E. Austin and commissioned on 6 June 1922 with Lieutenant Ingram C. Sowell in command.
 HMS Musquito was a Royal Navy Cruizer-class brig-sloop built by John Preston at Great Yarmouth and launched in 1804. She was commissioned in October 1804 under Commander Samuel Jackson. She served in the North Sea and the Baltic and Jackson supervised the first successful rocket attack in Europe at Boulogne in 1806. After the war she served off Africa and captured some slavers. She was broken up in 1822 having been laid up since 1818.
 HMS Eridge was a Hunt class destroyer of the Royal Navy. She was launched in 1940 and served during the Second World War. On 29 May 1942 Eridge assisted HMS Hero and HMS Hurworth in sinking the German submarine U-568. At 04:15 on 29 August 1942 she began shelling Axis positions off El Daba Egypt at 31°7′N 28°26′E together with HMS Croome and HMS Hursley. At 05:00 she was permanently disabled by a 450mm torpedo fired by the Italian motor torpedo boat MTSM-228.
 The second USS Long Beach (PF-34) was a Tacoma-class frigate in commission from 1943 to 1945. She later served in the Soviet Navy as EK-2 and then in the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force as Shii (PF 17).
 USS YO-257 was a Yard Oiler of the United States Navy that was scuttled two miles off Waikiki Honolulu Hawaii in 1989.
 TSS Irene was a steam turbine cargo vessel operated by the London and North Western Railway from 1885 to 1906.
 The MY Steve Irwin is the 59-meter (194 ft) flagship of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society and used in their direct action campaigns against whaling and other activities the group opposes.
 ZIS-110 was a limousine from ZIL introduced in 1946. The 110 was developed from the reverse engineering of a 1942 Packard Super Eight during 1944. The first 5 prototypes were completed by August 1945. It was powered by a 6-litre 8-cylinder engine producing 140 hp (104 kW) and giving a top speed of over 140 km/h (87 mph).
 The Volvo FE is a medium duty truck produced by Volvo Trucks Corporation since 2006 now in its Second generation. The FE is available in various rigid versions and a tractor version spanning three weight classes. The First Generation FE introduced in 2006 the Volvo FE shares same engine and gearboxes with Volvo FL and it includes a 320 hp (239 kW) engine version. The FE cabins are cabover design and available as day cab comfort cab and a sleeper cab.
 USS Sigourney (DD-643) was a Fletcher-class destroyer the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for James Sigourney an officer during the War of 1812.Sigourney was laid down on 7 December 1942 by Bath Iron Works Corp. Bath Maine launched on 24 April 1943 sponsored by Miss Amy C. Olney; and commissioned on 29 June 1943 Commander W. L. Dyer in command.
 The Salmson Phrygane (Caddisfly) was a French light aircraft of the 1930s.
 USS Lincoln County (LST-898) was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named after counties in 23 U.S. states she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.Originally laid down as LST-898 by the Dravo Corporation of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania on 15 October 1944; launched on 25 November sponsored by Mrs. J. B. Mawhinney; and commissioned on 29 December with Lieutenant D. W. Kallock in command.
 HMS Eagle was an early aircraft carrier of the Royal Navy. Ordered by Chile during the South American dreadnought race as the Almirante Latorre-class battleship Almirante Cochrane she was laid down before World War I. In early 1918 she was purchased by Britain for conversion to an aircraft carrier; this work was finished in 1924.
 HMS Dolphin was a 24-gun sixth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy. Launched in 1751 she was used as a survey ship from 1764 and made two circumnavigations of the world under the successive commands of John Byron and Samuel Wallis. She was the first ship to circumnavigate the world twice. She remained in service until she was paid off in September 1776 and she was broken up in early 1777.
 The Caproni CH.1 was a single-seat biplane fighter a single example of which was produced as a prototype in Italy in 1935.
 Empire Dunstan was a 2887 GRT cargo ship that was built in 1941 by Grangemouth Dockyard Co Ltd Grangemouth Stirlingshire United Kingdom for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). Entering service in January 1942 she served until November 1943 when she was torpedoed and sunk by U-81.
 The 64-gun Jason was a ship of the line of the French Navy launched in 1779. The Royal Navy captured Jason on 19 April 1782 at the Battle of the Mona Passage. The Admiralty then commissioned her as the third rate HMS Argonaut. Argonaut served during the French Revolutionary Wars until 1797 when she was put on harbour service. She was not broken up until 1831.
 MS Pride of Canterbury is a cross-channel ferry operated by P&O Ferries between Dover and Calais.
 The 6000 series was a series of Chicago 'L' car built between 1950 and 1959 by the St. Louis Car Company. 720 cars were built. The last of 6000-series cars were retired on December 4 1992. These cars were in service for 42 years.
 Akikaze (秋風 Autumn Wind) was a Minekaze-class destroyer built for the Imperial Japanese Navy immediately following the end of World War I. The Minekaze class of destroyers were considered advanced for their time; these ships served as first-line destroyers through the 1930s. The class was considered obsolete by the start of the Pacific War and served in a number of roles including minesweeper aircraft rescue ships and Kaiten-carriers.
 HMS Petersham was a Ham-class minesweeper of the Royal Navy.Their names were all chosen from villages ending in -ham. The minesweeper was named after Petersham in Surrey.Petersham was one of fifteen Ham Class minesweepers commissioned for the French Navy. Unimaginatively re-christened with its hull number; M782 it was not until 22 February 1964 that the vessel was renamed Capucine (Nasturtium) following the floral naming theme of the group.
 USS Annoy (AM-84) was laid down on 3 December 1941 at Portland Oregon by the Commercial Iron Works; launched on 6 April 1942; and commissioned on 2 September 1942 Lt. John A. Parrish in command.
 The ME Four-Twelve is a concept car produced by the Chrysler division of Chrysler in 2004. There were two ME Four-Twelve vehicles produced. The first strictly an auto show property with very limited operational capabilities was designed in great secrecy during 2003. It was to use performance expertise from Daimler and was built by a very small team led by project manager Lou Rhodes.
 The C.H. Black Manufacturing Company built the Black phaetons dos-à-dos and business waggons in 2½ to 8 HP models in Indianapolis Indiana from 1896-1900. There is some evidence that they built a vehicle as early as 1891.In 1900 the company sold its patents for $20000.
 The Artésien (“Artesian”) was a 64-gun ship of the line of the French Navy lead ship of her class. She was funded by a don des vaisseaux donation from the Estates of Artois.Artésien was built in 1765 as a part of a series of 12 ships of the line began by Choiseul to compensate for the losses endured by the French Royal Navy during the Seven Years' War.
 HMS Tribune was a British T class submarine built by Scotts Greenock. She was laid down on 3 March 1937 and was commissioned on 17 October 1939. HMS Tribune was part of the first group of T class submarines.
 The Project 1174 (Nosorog) class landing ship (NATO reporting name: Ivan Rogov) is a class of Soviet/Russian dock landing ships (Soviet classification: Large landing ship Russian: БДК большой десантный корабль). They were built as part of the expansion of the Soviet Navy's amphibious warfare capabilities in the 1970s.Project 1174 has both bow ramp and well deck; it may operate as either a LST or as a LPD. A typical load is one battalion of 520 marines and 25 tanks.
 Norwegian Breakaway is a cruise ship operated by Norwegian Cruise Line. Construction of Norwegian Breakaway began on 21 September 2011 when the first piece of steel was cut at the Meyer Werft shipyard in Papenburg Germany.She was delivered to NCL on 25 April 2013. Following the handover Norwegian Breakaway left the port of Bremerhaven heading for Rotterdam.
 The Grumman Kitten was a 1940s American cabin monoplane designed and built by Grumman. Two versions were built; the G-63 Kitten I with a retractable tailwheel landing gear and G-72 Kitten II with a retractable nosewheel landing gear.
 M.V. Kea (sometimes called the Seabus Kea) is a commercial passenger ferry that operates the busy Devonport-Downtown Auckland express route for Fullers Ferries (Auckland's largest ferry operator). The Kea operates a regular service departing from Downtown Auckland every half hour. The Kea was purpose-built in Whangarei[citation needed] for Fullers and entered service in 1988 as the 14th ferry of the company.
 The Ford Taunus G93A is a small family car produced by Ford of Germany between 1939 and 1942 in succession to the Ford Eifel. It was the first car developed at Cologne by Ford Germany which previously had built cars originated by Ford businesses in the US or the UK.
 The Laird Baby Biplane was the second aircraft built by Matty Laird in the United States of America.
 The Charlemagne class was a class of three pre-dreadnought battleships built for the French Navy in the 1890s. The ships spent most of their careers assigned to the Mediterranean Squadron (Escadre de la Méditerranée). They had oddly eventful peacetime careers as they were involved in four accidental collisions between them one of which sank a French submarine with all hands.
 USNS Red Cloud (T-AKR 313) is one of Military Sealift Command's nineteen Large Medium-Speed Roll-on/Roll-off (LMSR) Ships and is one of the 24 ships in the Prepositioning Program. She is a Watson-class vehicle cargo ship named for Corporal Mitchell Red Cloud Jr. a Medal of Honor recipient after whom Camp Red Cloud in Korea is also named.Laid down on 29 June 1998 and launched on 7 August 1999 Red Cloud was put into service on 18 January 2000.
 Anastasia ia a super-yacht built in May 2008 at the shipyard Oceanco. The exterior and interior designer of Anastasia was by Sam Sorgiovanni.
 HMS C24 was a British C class submarine built by Vickers Barrow. She was laid down on 12 February 1908 and was commissioned on 5 May 1909.
 Ghadir (Persian: غدیر‎) is a class of midget submarines built by Iran specifically for cruising within the shallow waters of the Persian Gulf. It is named after Ghadir Khumm a holy place to Shia Muslims.
 The Pullman Gallery Car was a double-decker passenger car built by Pullman-Standard during the 1950s to 1970s for various passenger rail operators in the United States.The car's upper level was accessed by four sets of stairs in the middle vestibule. A narrow walkway with handrail and middle sections open looking below. Passengers disemarked from stairs from the vestibule on both sides. Original bench seating on lowere level was often upgraded to individual seats during rebuilds by operators.
 The Monteverdi High Speed was a grand tourer automobile built by Monteverdi in Basel Switzerland from 1967 to 1970. Contemporary rivals included the British Jensen Interceptor (which was also powered by a Chrysler V8).This car was designed by the Italian design house Frua and was actually built by Fissore of Italy from 1969. They redesigned the car in 1972 and again in 1975.The convertible version of the High Speed 375 was known as the Palm Beach.
 USS Oldendorf (DD-972) named for Admiral Jesse B. Oldendorf USN was a Spruance-class destroyer built by the Ingalls Shipbuilding Division of Litton Industries at Pascagoula Mississippi.
 The Tallmantz Phoenix P-1 was an FAA-certified one-off aircraft built for the 1965 film production The Flight of the Phoenix and used in the picture's initial aerial sequences. Its pilot Paul Mantz died in an accident during a touch-and-go made to simulate a take-off after which it was replaced by a crudely modified North American O-47A.
 The NZR UA class were a class of 4-6-0 Ten Wheeler locomotive built by the Scottish firm of Sharp Stewart and Company to ease a motive power shortage. They lived relatively short lives amongst NZR Ten wheelers mostly at the southern end of the country where they were seldom photographed.
 A new version of the Volkswagen Passat based on the Volkswagen Group B5 Sandra platform was launched in 1996 in Europe and 1997 in North America.
 The Ford EcoSport is a mini sport utility vehicle (SUV) originally built in Brazil by Ford Brazil since 2003 at the Camaçari plant. A second generation concept model was launched in 2012 and is intended to be also assembled in a new factory in Chennai India.
 USS Robert L. Wilson (DD/DDE-847) was a Gearing-class destroyer of the United States Navy named for Marine Private First Class Robert L. Wilson (1920–1944) who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for conspicuous gallantry in the Battle of Tinian.Robert L. Wilson was laid down by the Bath Iron Works Corp. Bath Maine on 2 July 1945; launched on 5 January 1946; sponsored by Mrs. Joe Wilson; and commissioned in the Boston Navy Yard on 28 March 1946 Captain Benard R.
 The Y-12 National Security Complex is a United States Department of Energy National Nuclear Security Administration facility located in Oak Ridge Tennessee near the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. It was built as part of the Manhattan Project for the purpose of enriching uranium for the first atomic bombs. In the years after World War II it has been operated as a manufacturing facility for nuclear weapons components and related defense purposes.
 SS Bengrove was a steam-powered collier registered in Liverpool England. Thousands of people on shore saw her explode and sink in the Bristol Channel on Sunday 7 March 1915.The ship left Barry at about 4:00 a.m. under sealed orders and carrying a cargo of 5000 tons of coal. Later that day in the Bristol Channel about five miles off the coast of Ilfracombe an explosion occurred under the vessel amidships. The ship's siren was activated and the crew entered the lifeboats.
 The Aerotechnik WGM.21 is a quadrotor helicopter that was developed in the 1970s.
 German submarine U-26 was one of the two Type IA ocean-going U-boats produced by Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine. Constructed in Bremen U-26 was commissioned in May 1936. She experienced a short but successful combat career sinking eleven ships.Until 1940 U-26 was primarily used as training vessel and for propaganda purposes by the German government.
 The Dornier Do 13 was a short-lived 1930s German bomber design. It was the designation given to the aircraft resulting from attempts to improve on the Do 11. However only a few were made because the design changes caused grievous problems with many of the first flights ending in crashes. Another redesign ensued resulting in the Do 23 which would go on to serve in World War II in the Czech branch of the Luftwaffe. Do 13s under construction were converted to the Do 23 design.
 The Brown B-3 was a 1930s American two-seat touring monoplane built by the Lawrence Brown Aircraft Company.
 Tupolev TB-6 (internal designation ANT-26; Russian: Туполев ТБ-6/АНТ-26) was a proposal for a 1930s heavy bomber that did not advance beyond blueprints. Inspired by the success of ANT-20/PS-124 Tupolev in 1929 began work on an even larger aircraft powered by 12 engines and with a takeoff weight of 70 tons (155000 lb). A 1/20 scale two-seat glider was built and test-flown to evaluate the aerodynamic soundness of the design and work was started on the first prototype.
 Tonijn (Dutch: Thunnus) was a Potvis class (modified Dolfijn-class submarine) of the Royal Netherlands Navy.
 USS PC-823 was laid down on 2 June 1943 at the Leathem D. Smith Shipbuilding Corp. in Sturgeon Bay Wisconsin; launched on 15 January 1944; and commissioned on 24 July 1944.PC-823 served in the western Atlantic Ocean during World War II being assigned to air-sea rescue duties during at least some of that time. On 11 February 1946 PC-823 decommissioned and transferred to the United States Maritime Commission.
 HMS Lawson (K516) was a British Captain-class frigate of the Royal Navy in commission during World War II. Originally constructed as the United States Navy Evarts-class destroyer escort DE-518 she served in the Royal Navy from 1943 to 1946.
 Kawakaze (江風 ”River Wind”) was the ninth of ten Shiratsuyu-class destroyers and the third to be built for the Imperial Japanese Navy under the Circle Two Program (Maru Ni Keikaku).
 The Balikpapan class LCH (Landing Craft Heavy) are a class of eight vessels operated by the Australian Defence Force and the Papua New Guinea Defence Force (PNGDF). They were initially built for the Australian Army but operational responsibility was transferred from the Army to the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) during 1973 and 1974. Two vessels were transferred to Papua New Guinea after the nation's independence.
 The Royal Enfield Bullet was originally a British overhead valve single cylinder four-stroke motorcycle made by Royal Enfield in Redditch West Midlands but now produced by Royal Enfield Motors the successor to the British company at Chennai Tamil Nadu in India. The Royal Enfield Bullet has the longest production run of any motorcycle having remained continuously in production since 1948. The Bullet marque is even older and has passed 75 years of continuous production.
 The Wight Seaplane was a British twin-float seaplane produced by J Samuel White & Company Limited (Wight Aircraft). It was also known as the Admiralty Type 840.
 The CNNA HL-8 was a civil transport/utility aircraft developed in Brazil in 1943.
 The Yugoslav destroyer Ljubljana was a destroyer built for the Royal Yugoslav Navy in 1938. During the invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941 she was captured by the Royal Italian Navy (Italian: Regia Marina) and saw active service under the name Lubiana. She was sunk or stranded off the Tunisian coast on 1 April 1943 and declared a total constructive loss.
 Madiz is an elegant 57 metre twin screw steel yacht built on the River Clyde in Scotland in 1902. In 2006 she broke a record in the shipping industry by being the only ship in the world to be in class +100A1 with Lloyd's Register of Shipping 100 years after the date of its building.
 The Hankyu 1100 series (阪急電鉄1100系 Hankyū dentetsu 1100-kei) was a commuter electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by the private railway operator Hankyu Corporation on the Hankyu Takarazuka Main Line from 1956 until 1989.
 German submarine U-449 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She carried out one patrol. She sank no ships.She was sunk by British warships northwest of Cape Ortegal Spain in June 1943.
 The SNCF Class BB 67300 diesel locomotives were built by Brissonneau and Lotz between 1967-1969.
 SS Fultala was a 4155-ton steamship built for the British-India Steam Navigation Company in 1890 by William Doxford & Sons of Sunderland. She was primarily used for the transportation of Indian indentured labourers to the colonies. She was designed to carry 12 first class and 1667 deck passengers. Details of some of these voyages are as follows:Fultala was scrapped in Bombay in 1923.
 The SS Chusan was a British ocean liner and cruise ship built for the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company (P&O)'s Indian and Far East Service in 1950. She was named after Chusan a small island off China. A smaller version of the SS Himalaya the Chusan had a gross register tonnage of approximately 24215; and a capacity of 1565 passengers and crew. She was built as a replacement for the ship RMS Viceroy of India lost in the Second World War.
 The Mercury Monterey is a full-size car model introduced by the Mercury division of the Ford Motor Company in 1952. It would later share the same body style with the slightly more upscale Marquis and the Park Lane and Montclair until the latter two were extinguished after the 1968 model year. The Marquis-Monterey body was built on a longer wheelbase and had a longer body than the Ford LTD Ford Galaxie and Ford Custom.
 SS Iowan was a cargo ship built in 1914 for the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company. During World War I she was taken over by the United States Navy and commissioned as USS Iowan (ID-3002). During World War II the ship was transferred to the Soviet Union and renamed SS Tashkent (or Ташкент in Cyrillic).Iowan was built by the Maryland Steel Company as one of eight sister ships for the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company.
 MS Nordkapp is a Hurtigruten (Norwegian Coastal Express) ship built in 1996 by Kleven Verft AS Norway for Ofotens og Vesteraalens Dampskibsselskab for use in Hurtigruten ferry service along the coast of Norway. She is a sister ship of MS Polarlys and MS Nordnorge. Nordkapp is one of 11 ships that travel the Norwegian coast from Bergen to Kirkenes.MS Nordkapp (North Cape) is named after the North Cape on the island of Magerøya in Northern Norway.
 The Class EH200 (EH200形) is a Bo'Bo'+Bo'Bo' wheel arrangement two-unit DC electric freight locomotive operated by JR Freight in Japan since 2001.
 CSS Columbia was an ironclad steamer ram in the Confederate States Navy and later in the United States Navy.
 USS Bold (BAT-8) was a tugboat built for the British along the lines of American ATR-1-class rescue tugs. She was transferred to the United Kingdom on 29 June 1942 and was operated as HMS Bold (W114) by the Royal Navy.She was returned to the United States Navy at Subic Bay in the Philippines in January 1946. Bold was struck from the Navy List on 17 July 1947. On 29 June 1948 she was sold to Bosey Philippines though never delivered. On 2 October 1948 Bosey resold her to T. Y. Fong.
 The Arcturus-class attack cargo ships were converted from other ship types by Sun Shipbuilding & Drydock Co. in Chester Pennsylvania Tampa Shipbuilding Co. in Tampa Florida and Federal Shipbuilding & Drydock Co. in Kearny New Jersey during World War II.
 German submarine U-119 was a Type XB minelaying U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She was laid down at the Germaniawerft in Kiel on 15 May 1940 as 'werk' 624. She was launched on 6 January 1942 and commissioned under Kapitänleutnant Alois Zech on 2 April 1942 he was replaced by Kptlt Horst-Tessen von Kameke on 1 February 1943 who remained in command until her loss.U-119's service career began with the 4th U-boat Flotilla on 2 April 1942 where she underwent training.
 USS Loyalty (AM-457/MSO-457) was an Aggressive-class minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the task of removing mines that had been placed in the water to prevent the safe passage of ships.The second warship to be named Loyalty by the Navy AM-457 was laid down by Wilmington Boat Works Inc. Wilmington California 9 November 1951; launched 22 November 1953; sponsored by Mrs. William L. Horton; and commissioned 11 June 1954 Lt. E. W. Riordan in command.
 The Honda Z50M was the first Z50 Series of mini bikes produced by Honda. It was released in 1967 to the European Japanese and Canadian markets becoming one of Honda's first practical mini bikes. Although the Z50M was theoretically road worthy it did not have various safety components and was therefore mostly just used just for fun off road. Though these bikes are not extinct today these mini bikes are some of the least common of the Z50 series left running.
 German submarine U-2323) was probably the shortest lived German U-boat during the whole of the Second World War[citation needed]. Constructed at Hamburg during the spring of 1944 she was a modern German Type XXIII submarine completed on the 18 July and given to Kptlt. Walter Angermann to command.
 BC Ferries operates two T class ferries for use on small inter-island routes. They have raised bows which make it easier for the ships to travel in the rough seas often found on British Columbia's central coast. The ferries carry 30 cars and 150 passengers. Both were built in 1969. They were originally owned and operated by BC's Ministry of Transportation and Highways until 1985 when the Ministry's saltwater ferries and routes were transferred to BC Ferries including the T-Class.
 MV Elwha is a Super-class ferry in the Washington State Ferry System.Elwha is usually working the Anacortes-San Juan Islands route and is one of only two ferries in the system certified for international sailings because she meets certain Safety Of Life At Sea (or SOLAS) standards. This allows Elwha to make the crossing between the United States and British Columbia. The only other vessel in the system with this certification is Chelan.
 Le Terrible is a Triomphant class strategic nuclear submarine of the French Navy. She was launched on 21 March 2008 On 27 January 2010 at 9h25 Terrible launched an M51 SLBM from underwater in Audierne Bay. The missile reached its target 2000 kilometres off North Carolina; the 4500 kilometre flight took about 20 minutes.The submarine was put into service on 20 September 2010 armed with the M51 missile.
 The Dunay was a tall ship serving with the Soviet Navy first launched as the Cristoforo Colombo laid at the Castellammare yards on April 15 1926. It was destroyed in a fire in 1963.
 The Schorpioen-class monitors were a pair of ships built abroad for the Royal Netherlands Navy in the 1860s.
 The DFW R.I (company designation DFW T26) was a prototype German bomber aircraft of World War I.
 USS Holly (1881) was a lighthouse tender borrowed by the U.S. Navy from the U.S. Commerce Department during World War I and armed as a patrol craft. Holly was used to patrol the waters near Norfolk Virginia. Post-war she was returned to the Commerce Department.
 The LCM-1E is a class of amphibious mechanized landing craft manufactured by Navantia at their factory in San Fernando. These craft are intended to deliver troops and equipment onshore from amphibious assault ships during amphibious assaults.
 USS General Pillow (1862) was a gunboat captured by the Union Navy during the American Civil War and placed into service with the Union Navy. She served the Union cause from 1862 until the end of war in 1865.
 HMS Gloucester was one of the second group of three ships of the Town class of light cruisers. She was launched on 19 October 1937 prior to commissioning on 31 January 1939.Gloucester was nicknamed The Fighting G and saw heavy service in the early years of World War II. The ship was deployed initially to the Indian Ocean and later South Africa before joining Vice Admiral Cunningham's Mediterranean fleet in 1940.
 The Mazda Millenia is an automobile which was manufactured by Mazda in Japan from 1993 to 2003. The Millenia was originally planned as the second of three models for Mazda’s proposed luxury brand Amati. As the company’s dwindling finances prevented the launch of the Amati brand the Millenia was released in the autumn of 1993 in Europe as the Mazda Xedos 9 and in Japan and Australia as the Eunos 800.
 USS Kalmia (1863) was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Union Navy as a tugboat in support of the Union Navy blockade of Confederate waterways.Kalmia a screw steamer was built as Innes at Philadelphia Pennsylvania in 1863 and purchased for the Navy by Rear Admiral Hiram Paulding 5 October from her owner Arron Innes Poughkeepsie New York.
 The 2400 class was a class of diesel locomotives built by Clyde Engineering Eagle Farm for Queensland Railways in 1977/78.
 The Blohm & Voss P.213 was a prototype jet fighter powered by a pulse jet submitted by Blohm & Voss to the Miniaturjäger (Miniature Fighter) design competition of the Luftwaffe Emergency Fighter Program towards the end of the Third Reich in the Second World War. The project never saw mass-production for the Miniaturjäger program was scrapped in December 1944.
 USS Hermitage (AP-54) was a troop transport that served with the US Navy during World War II. Prior to her Navy service she was the Italian luxury liner SS Conte Biancamano.Conte Biancamano was launched in 1925 by William Beardmore & Co. Ltd. of Glasgow Scotland; sailed as a luxury liner for Lloyd Triestino So. Anon. di Nav.
 Emma C. Berry is a fishing sloop located at Mystic Seaport in Mystic Connecticut United States and one of the oldest surviving commercial vessels in America. She is the last known surviving American well smack. This type of boat is also termed a sloop smack or Noank smack. Emma C. Berry was built in 1866 at the Palmer Shipyards in Noank Connecticut by James A. Latham. Well smacks were designed to keep the catch alive in an internal water-filled compartment known as a wet well.
 The Chevrolet Traverse is a seven or eight seat full-size crossover SUV built on the GM Lambda platform that underpins the GMC Acadia and Buick Enclave. It is a successor to both the Uplander and TrailBlazer EXT.
 Florence K was a steamboat that was operated on Puget Sound from 1903. This vessel was later renamed Gloria and was rebuilt as a steam ferry and renamed Beeline.
 The London Underground D78 Stock electric multiple units are used on the London Underground District line (except the Wimbledon-Edgware Road service). It is due to be replaced by S Stock by 2016 but as this process has yet to start no D Stock has been withdrawn. The D Stock is the last subsurface train to be replaced due to it being newer than the other subsurface trains and due to its recent refurbishment.
 HMS Leeds Castle (P258) was a Castle-class patrol ship built by Hall Russell & Company of Aberdeen Scotland for the Royal Navy. She was launched in October 1980 and commissioned the following August.
 The R16 was a New York City Subway car manufactured by American Car and Foundry Company. The R16s were originally assigned to the BMT Eastern Division although they showed up on the IND Queens Boulevard Line and BMT Southern Division from time to time.
 USS O-16 (SS-77) was an O-class submarine of the United States Navy. Her keel was laid down on 7 October 1916 by California Shipbuilding Company in Long Beach California.The later O-boats (O-11 through O-16) were designed by Lake Torpedo Boat to different specifications from the earlier ones designed by Electric Boat. They performed much less well and are sometimes considered a separate class.O-16 was launched on 9 February 1918 sponsored by Mrs. I. H.
 The M200 Neuera (formerly the M200G Volantor) is a prototype of a flying saucer-style hovercraft designed by aeronautics engineer Paul Moller. The vehicle is envisioned as a precursor to the Moller Skycar M400. The M200G Volantor uses a system of eight computer-controlled fans to hover up to 10 feet (3 m) above the ground. Volantor is a term coined by Moller meaning a vertical takeoff and landing aircraft.
 The Lada Samara is an economy car produced by Soviet/Russian vehicle manufacturer AvtoVAZ under the Lada brand since 1984. The brand name Samara originally was used only for exported models in Russia the same model was called Sputnik (fellow traveller or satellite) until 1991 when the sedan version of Samara entered in production using the export name.The production of Lada Samara ended in 2013. However there is no word of the pickup version to be discontinued.
 SM U-166 was one of the 329 submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy. She was a Type Mittel U submarine launched in 1918. She was engaged in the naval warfare of World War I and took part in the First Battle of the Atlantic. She surrendered on 21 March 1919 and became the French submarine Jean Roulier until 24 July 1935. U-166 was broken up.
 Shalimar-class ferry is a series of three service watercraft being built by Shalimar Works (1980) Ltd Kolkata for the Indian Navy. The catamarans can carry up to 50 personnel. Each unit in this class is of two-hull catamaran-type and are made of steel.
 The Ilyushin Il-76 (NATO reporting name: Candid) is a multi-purpose four-engine strategic airlifter designed by the Ilyushin design bureau. It was first planned as a commercial freighter in 1967 as a replacement for the Antonov An-12. It was designed for delivering heavy machinery to remote poorly serviced areas of the USSR.
 The second USS Mayrant (DD-402) was a Benham-class destroyer in the United States Navy the second ship named for John Mayrant. Commissioned shortly before World War II she was primarily active in the Atlantic theater of the war and was decommissioned after being used as a target in the Operation Crossroads atomic weapons tests.
 SS Taroona was an Australian transport ship built in Linthouse a district of Glasgow in 1934 by Alexander Stephen & Sons for the Tasmanian Steamers Pty Ltd. She was a steam turbine ship capable of 18 knots but typically operating at 16 knots for better fuel economy. Taroona commenced service in Bass Strait in 1935 for Tasmanian Steamers Pty Ltd.
 The Yamaha FZ-16 and FZ-S are motorcycles manufactured by India Yamaha Motor. Inspired by the naked bike concept the FZ-16 is modeled after its more popular counterpart the FZ1 with scaled down engine more suited to the Indian roads.. The FZ-16 uses 140/60 size rear radial tubeless tyre.
 The Aprilia SMV750 Dorsoduro is the latest in a small number of road-legal motorcycles taking their inspiration from the supermoto form of motorcycle racing - essentially motocross or dirt bikes fitted with slick road racing tyres and raced over a half-tarmac/half-dirt circuit.This exciting but minority form of racing had not seen road bike applications until a few years ago when Austrian bike-maker KTM began to produce bikes which could trace their heritage back to supermoto machines.
 USS Niobrara (AO-72) was a Kennebec-class oiler constructed for the United States Navy during World War II. She was the only U.S. Navy ship named for the Niobrara River in Nebraska.The ship was laid down on 29 June 1942 by Bethlehem Steel Co. Sparrows Point Maryland as a type T3-S-A1 tanker named SS Citadel under a Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 520). Launched on 28 November 1942 sponsored by Mrs.
 USNS Contender (T-AGOS-2) was a Stalwart class Modified Tactical Auxiliary General Ocean Surveillance Ship of the United States Navy.
 HMS Northumberland was the last of the three Minotaur-class armoured frigates built for the Royal Navy during the 1860s. She had a different armour scheme and heavier armament than her sister ships and was generally regarded as a half-sister to the other ships of the class. The ship spent her career with the Channel Fleet and occasionally served as a flagship. Northumberland was placed in reserve in 1890 and became a training ship in 1898.
 The Collins X-112 was an experimental two seat ground effect vehicle designed by Alexander Lippisch in the United States in the early 1960s to test his thick reverse delta wing concept.
 The Boeing EC-135 was a command and control version of the C-135 Stratolifter. Modified for Operation Looking Glass mission during the Cold War EC-135 were airborne 24 hours a day to serve as flying command platforms for the military in the event of nuclear war. EC-135N served as tracking aircraft for the Apollo space program.
 USS Elsie III (SP-708) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Elsie III was built as a civilian motorboat of the same name in 1912 at Morris Heights in the Bronx New York. The U.S. Navy purchased her from her owner 1917 for World War I service as a patrol vessel.
 HMT Warwick Deeping (H136) was a naval trawler of the British Royal Naval Patrol Service during World War II sunk off the Isle of Wight in December 1940.
 The Great Western Railway (GWR) GWR 5100 Class was a class of 2-6-2T side tank steam locomotive. It was the first of a series of broadly similar classes used principally for suburban passenger services.
 HMS Eskimo (F119) was a Tribal-class frigate of the Royal Navy in service from 1963 to 1980. She was scrapped in 1992.Eskimo was built by J. Samuel White of Cowes at a cost of £4670000. The frigate was launched on 20 March 1960 and commissioned on 21 February 1963.
 The 1955 Dodge lineup consisting of the entry-level Coronet Royal and ornate Custom Royal was a major departure for the company. Driven almost out of business in 1953 and 1954 the Chrysler Corporation was revived with a $250 million loan from Prudential and new models designed by the legendary Virgil Exner. The Dodge lineup was positioned as the mainstream line in Chrysler's hierarchy between Plymouth and DeSoto.
 USS Clamagore (SS-343) was a Balao-class submarine of the United States Navy built in 1945 and still in training when World War II ended. She was named for the clamagore or blue parrotfish Scarus coeruleus found in the West Indies and along the Atlantic coast as far north as Maryland.Clamagore was built by Electric Boat Co. in Groton Connecticut near the end of World War II. She was launched on 25 February 1945 and commissioned on 28 June 1945 with Commander S.C.
 The Morane-Saulnier MS.129 and its derivatives in the MS.130 series were a family of military trainer aircraft produced in France in the 1920s. They were conventional parasol-wing monoplanes with open cockpits in tandem and fixed tailskid undercarriage.
 Kunlun Shan (998) is the lead ship of the People's Republic of China's Type 071 amphibious transport dock Yuzhao class. The ship was laid down in the Hudong-Zhonghua Shipbuilding in Shanghai in June 2006 and was launched on 21 December 2006. After finishing trials the ship was commissioned to the South Sea Fleet on 30 November 2007 at Zhanjiang Naval Base. Its estimated production cost is USD 300 million .
 Arnala class was an Indian designation for the Petya III class vessels of the Indian Navy.Although these vessels were classified as frigates in the Soviet Navy they were classified by the Indian Navy as anti-submarine corvettes due to their role and smaller size. Vessels of the class were named for Indian islands.
 HMNZS Pukaki (1975) was a Lake class inshore patrol vessel of the Royal New Zealand Navy. It was commissioned in 1975 with pennant number P3568 and deleted in 1991.Pukaki was one of three ships of this name to serve in the Royal New Zealand Navy and is named after Lake Pukaki.
 The Daiichi Kosho Whisper is a Japanese paramotor that was designed and produced by the Daiichi Kosho Company for powered paragliding.
 Imperatritsa Mariya (Russian: Императрица Мария: Empress Maria) was one of three Imperatritsa Mariya-class dreadnoughts built for the Imperial Russian Navy lead ship of her class. Construction began before World War I and she served with the Black Sea Fleet during the war. She covered older pre-dreadnought battleships as they bombarded Ottoman facilities in 1915 and engaged the ex-German light cruiser Midilli several times without inflicting anything more serious than splinter damage.
 German submarine U-184 was a Type IXC/40 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine built for service during World War II.She was ordered	on 15 August 1940 and was laid down on 10 June 1941 at AG Weser Bremen becoming 'werk 1024'. She was launched on 21 February 1942 and commissioned under her first and only commander Kapitänleutnant Günther Dangschat on 29 May. After a period of training with the 4th U-boat Flotilla she joined the 2nd U-boat Flotilla for operational service on 1 November 1942.
 The Hawker Hedgehog was a three-seat reconnaissance biplane to be used for naval scouting produced to meet Air Ministry Specification 37/22. It was designed in 1923 and had its first flight the next year piloted by FP Raynham.The crew consisted of the pilot an observer and an air gunner. Construction was typical of the period; a wooden structure covered with fabric. The powerplant was a nine cylinder Bristol Jupiter IV radial engine driving a two-bladed wooden propeller.
 The C30T class was a class of steam locomotives rebuilt from 30 class tank engines by Clyde Engineering and Eveleigh Railway Workshops for the New South Wales Government Railways of Australia.
 USS Brooklyn (1858) was a sloop-of-war authorized by the U.S. Congress and commissioned in 1859.
 HMS Fame was a 74-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built at Deptford Dockyard. She was constructed on the same building slip as was HMS Courageux her keel having been ordered to be laid down on it immediately after the other ship's launch on 26 March 1800. The first elements of her keel were finally laid down on 22 January 1802 and Fame was launched on 8 October 1805.
 USS Grayback (SS/SSG/APSS/LPSS-574) the lead ship of her class of submarine was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the grayback a small herring of commercial importance in the Great Lakes. Her keel was laid down on 1 July 1954 by the Mare Island Naval Shipyard of Vallejo California. She was launched on 2 July 1957 sponsored by Mrs. John A.
 The first Jason (AC-12) was laid down 26 March 1912; launched 16 November 1912 by Maryland Steel Company Sparrows Point Maryland; and commissioned 26 June 1913 Captain A. M. Whitton in command. During Woodrow Wilson's first administration Mexico was torn by revolution and several factions struggled to attain undisputed control of the land. Jason sailed for the troubled area 4 September 1913 to fuel American ships stationed there.
 Škoda 7Ev is an electric multiple unit produced by Škoda Transportation. The trainset was developed at the order of Czech Railways in 2011.
 The INTA HM.1 was a 1940s Spanish primary trainer designed by the Instituto Nacional de Técnica Aeronáutica (INTA) and built for them by Aeronáutica Industrial S.A. (AISA).
 The Buick Limited was an automobile built by the Buick Motor Division of General Motors Flint Michigan (USA) between 1936 and 1942 and during model year 1958. Since 1959 Buick has used the Limited name to denote those models which featured a high level of trim and standard options in its various model ranges.
 The GS450 was a Suzuki motorcycle produced in the early 1980s.Model variants include the GS450E GS450L GS450S GS450T and GS450GA Suzukimatic. The GS450 series was a direct competitor to the Honda CM400 / CM450 series.The GS450A Suzukimatic was only produced for 2 years 1982 and 1983 coinciding with the change of the CM400A Hondamatic up to the CM450A as a direct response to the GS450A Suzukimatic. Both the Suzukimatic and the Hondamatic ceased production after the 1983 model year.
 The Poti class was the NATO reporting name for a group of anti submarine corvettes built for the Soviet Navy. The Soviet designation was Project 204 small anti-submarine ships. These ships were the first soviet warships powered by gas turbine engines; two propellers were mounted in tunnels to give a very shallow draught. A twin 57mm gun mounting provided self-defence.
 Reyna was a 74-gun ship of the line of the Spanish Navy launched in 1743.She was captured by the Royal Navy on 13 August 1762 and commissioned as the third rate HMS Reyna. She was sold out of the navy in 1772.
 USS Allendale (APA-127) was a Haskell-class attack transport of the US Navy. She was built and used during World War II. She was of the VC2-S-AP5 Victory ship design type. Allendale was named for Allendale County South Carolina.
 The LSWR D15 class 4-4-0 was the last steam locomotive design by Dugald Drummond for the London and South Western Railway in 1912. By 1912 Dugald Drummond had built several classes of unsuccessful 4-6-0 express passenger locomotives. The result of these failures was that when he designed what was to be his last class in 1911 a new 4-4-0 design emerged from Eastleigh Works in February 1912 with what was to be the first of his D15 class.
 The Hyundai Genesis Coupé is a rear-wheel drive sports coupe from Hyundai Motor Company released on October 13 2008 for the Korean market. It is Hyundai's first rear-wheel drive sports coupe and shares its basic platform with the Hyundai Genesis luxury sedan.The Genesis Coupe arrived in United States dealerships on February 26 2009 as a 2010 model.
 HMS Crane was a Royal Navy Cruizer class brig-sloop launched in 1809. She had a completely and unusually uneventful five-year career before she foundered in 1814.She was commissioned in September 1809 under Cmdr. James Stuart for the Irish station. Stuart captured two American vessels the Asia of Boston and the Washington of Marblehead on their way home from Archangel. He brought the crews into Horta in the Azores and released them to John B.
 The Vigilant-class gunvessel of the Royal Navy was an enlarged version of the Arrow-class gunvessel of 1854. Both classes were designed for shallow-water operations in the Baltic and Black Seas during the Crimean War. Fourteen of the class were completed but were ready too late to take part in that conflict. Cormorant was sunk in action at the Taku Forts Osprey was wrecked on the coast of Africa in 1867 and the rest were all sold during the 1860s with Sparrowhawk lasting until 1872.
 Strelets (Russian: Стрелец) was a Uragan-class monitor built for the Imperial Russian Navy in the mid-1860s.
 USRC Naugatuck was a twin-screw ironclad experimental steamer owned by the US Revenue Cutter Service during the American Civil War. She served the U.S. Treasury Department as the USRC E.A. Stevens (later Naugatuck) a name she retained until sold in 1890. She was loaned to the Navy by the Treasury Department and thus mistakenly referred to in US Navy dispatches during early 1862 as USS Naugatuck.
 The Sukhoi Su-33 (Russian: Сухой Су-33; NATO reporting name: Flanker-D) is an all-weather carrier-based air defence fighter designed by Sukhoi and manufactured by KnAAPO. It is a derivative of the Su-27 Flanker and was initially known as the Su-27K. First used in operations in 1995 aboard the carrier Admiral Kuznetsov the fighter officially entered service in August 1998 by which time the designation Su-33 was used.
 The Ilyushin DB-3 where DB stands for Dalniy Bombardirovschik (Russian: Дальний бомбардировщик) meaning long-range bomber was a Soviet bomber aircraft of World War II. It was a twin-engined low-wing monoplane that first flew in 1935. It was the precursor of the Ilyushin Il-4 (originally named DB-3F). 1528 were built.
 USS Huntsville was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Navy to patrol navigable waterways of the Confederacy to prevent the South from trading with other countries.
 The Short S.11 Valetta was a 1930s British passenger monoplane designed and built by Short Brothers at Rochester.
 HMS Glengyle was a Landing Ship Infantry (Large) of the Royal Navy. This ship saw service in the Second World War carrying Commonwealth and other Allied troops in amphibious operations. Glengyle was able to make good speed on long ocean voyages to operational areas and then by means of the many landing craft carried aboard land assault infantry vehicles and stores on contested shores.
 HMS Pagham was one of 93 ships of the Ham-class of inshore minesweepers. Their names were all chosen from villages ending in -ham. The minesweeper was named after Pagham in West Sussex.In 1978 she was loaned to the Stranraer Sea Cadet Unit and formally given to them on 1 May 1999. After the closure of the Stranraer Sea Cadet unit the MOD/SCC sold her for a nominal fee to a private owner who stripped her of reclaimable parts.
 German submarine U-521 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She was built by the Deutsche Werft yard at Finkenwerder Hamburg with yardnumber 336. Commissioned in June 1942 she was commanded by Kapitänleutnant Klaus Bargsten.The U-boat was assigned to the 4th U-boat Flotilla for training and the 2nd flotilla for operations.U-521 was sunk on 2 July 1943 by the submarine chaser USS Gilmer. The only survivor was Bargsten himself.
 The Yamato-class battleships (大和型戦艦 Yamato-gata senkan) were battleships of the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) constructed and operated during World War II. Displacing 72000 long tons (73000 t) at full load the vessels were the heaviest and most powerfully armed battleships ever constructed. The class carried the largest naval artillery ever fitted to a warship nine 460-millimetre (18.1 in) naval guns each capable of firing 1360 kg (3000 lb) shells over 42 km (26 mi).
 The 815 series is an AC electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated on local services by Kyushu Railway Company (JR Kyushu) in Japan since 1999.
 The Holden Special is a mid-size car that was manufactured by General Motors-Holden's the Australian subsidiary of General Motors (GM). Introduced as the top-level trim in the new Holden FJ range of 1953 the Special was complemented by the entry-level Holden Standard and the mid-range Holden Business. The Business was in fact already available introduced in July 1953 in the 48 series first seen in 1948.
 The RegioSwinger is a tilting diesel multiple unit (DMU) passenger train used for fast regional traffic on unelectrified lines.
 The ATS 2500 GT is a sports car made by Italian company Automobili Turismo e Sport in Bologna. It was the first Italian and one of the first GT or sports car in the world to have a mid-engine layout. The group behind the ATS project consisted mainly of Ferrari defectors where family troubles had created an uncomfortable working atmosphere for the personnel.
 The FLC-Fluid Link Converter- ATX was a 3-speed hydraulic automatic transaxle produced by Ford Motor Company from 1981 through 1994. Used in the company's four-cylinder-powered cars ranging from the Escort to the Taurus the transaxle had a lockup torque converter but no overdrive.
 Seabourn Spirit is a German-built cruise ship completed in 1989. The luxury liner travels between Europe and Africa and is owned by the Seabourn Cruise Line. In early 2005 it was rated the best small cruise ship by Condé Nast. In 2015 she will be departing the Seabourn fleet in April 2015 and will enter service for Windstar Cruises in May 2015.
 Claus Rickmers was a 5165 GRT cargo ship which was built in 1923 for Rickmers Reederei AG. She was sunk by Allied bombing at Larvik Norway in 1945 and then salvaged and towed to Bergen for repairs. She was then seized as a war prize) and ownership passed to the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) being renamed Empire Carron on completion of repairs in 1947.She was then sold and renamed Andrian. In 1949 she was sold to Panamanian owners and renamed San Nicolas serving until scrapped in 1964.
 The Blohm & Voss BV 40 was a German glider fighter designed to attack Allied bomber formations during the time of the bombing raids over Nazi Germany.
 HMBS Leonard C Banfield (P 02) is patrol vessel of the Barbados Coast Guard.She was commissioned on 14 September 2007. She is built to the design of the Damen Group's Stan 4207 patrol vessel a class of 42-metre (138 ft) 240 ton vessels.According to Aviation Week the vessel and her sister ships primary armament was a non-lethal water cannon but she was also armed with machine guns. They reported she was capable of 26 knots (48 km/h; 30 mph) and had an at sea endurance of 4 days.
 The Pipistrel Panthera is a lightweight all-composite highly efficient four-place aircraft under development by Pipistrelof Slovenia.The gasoline-powered version of the Panthera is intended to cruise at 202 kn (374 km/h) for over 1000 nmi (1852 km) with a 10 US gph (37 lph) fuel burn. There are two other versions planned one with a 145 kW hybrid power system and the other with a 145 kW pure electric system.
 The DSB Class MX is a lightweight diesel-electric locomotive built by the Swedish company Nydqist & Holm AB between 1960 and 1962 for the Danish State Railways
 HNLMS Bonaire was a 4th class screw steamship of the Royal Netherlands Navy now under restoration as a museum ship.Bonaire was built for the Royal Netherlands Navy as a steam frigate with barquentine rig and a retractable screw and was launched at Rotterdam on 12 May 1877.From 1924 she served at Delfzijl as living quarters for the Dutch Nautical College and was renamed Abel Tasman.After lying abandoned for many years a restoration programme was started in 2005 at Den Helder to secure the future of the ship as a floating museum.
 The London and South Western Railway (LSWR) 0298 Class or Beattie Well Tank is a class of British steam locomotive. They are 2-4-0WT well tanks originally built between 1863 and 1875 for use on passenger services in the suburbs of London but later used on rural services in South West England. Out of a total production of 85 two locomotives have been preserved in an operational condition.
 HMS Rainbow was a Rainbow-class submarine of the Royal Navy. She was designed as a long range patrol submarine. She served in the Far East until 1940.She went missing on 25 September 1940. She was due to be back in Alexandria on 16 October 1940. She is believed to have been sunk in a collision with an Italian merchant ship Antonietta Costa when she was attacking a convoy on 4 October 1940.
 TIV MPI Adventure is a 14739 GT turbine installation vessel that was built in 2010 by Cosco Nantong Shipyard China.
 The BMW Z3 was the first modern mass-market roadster produced by BMW as well as the first new BMW model assembled in the United States. The Z in Z3 originally stood for Zukunft (German for future). The Z3 was introduced via video press release by BMW North America on June 12 1995 as a 1996 model year vehicle. It was later featured in the James Bond movie in November 1995 GoldenEye in which a blue prototype was provided for filming in late January 1995 at the Leavesden Aerodome.
 For the crossover SUV of similar name see GMC AcadiaAcadian was a make of automobile produced by General Motors of Canada from 1962 to 1971. The Acadian was introduced so that Canadian Pontiac-Buick dealers would have a compact model to sell since the Pontiac Tempest was unavailable in Canada. Plans originally called for the Acadian to be based on the Chevrolet Corvair which was produced at GM's Oshawa plant; however the concept was moved to the Chevy II platform to be introduced for 1962.
 German submarine U-199 was a Type IXD2 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 10 October 1941 at the AG Weser yard at Bremen as 'werk' 1045 launched on 11 July 1942 and commissioned on 28 November.
 The ST Aerospace A-4SU Super Skyhawk is a major upgrade project of the Douglas A-4S Skyhawk attack aircraft undertaken by Singapore Aircraft Industries (SAI now ST Aerospace) in the 1980s and was used exclusively by the Republic of Singapore Air Force (RSAF) serving in the fighter-bomber role from 1989 until retirement from front line service in 2005.
 The United States Navy's Boston class were the first guided missile cruisers in the world. Both ships in this experimental class were originally Baltimore class heavy cruisers that had been decommissioned after World War II but were redesignated as guided missile heavy cruisers (CAGs) and entered refit in 1952.
 USS S-39 (SS-144) was a United States Navy S-class submarine that saw combat in the Pacific Theater during World War II. She was accidentally run aground on her fifth wartime patrol and was subsequently abandoned.Her keel was laid on 14 January 1919 by the Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation San Francisco California. She was launched on 2 July 1919 sponsored by Miss Clara M. Huber and commissioned on 14 September 1923 with Lieutenant John A. Scott (Class of 1918) in command.
 The Sikorsky CH-53K Super Stallion is a large heavy-lift cargo helicopter currently being developed by Sikorsky Aircraft for the United States Marine Corps. The design features three 7500 shp (5590 kW) engines new composite rotor blades and a wider cabin than previous CH-53 variants. It will be the largest and heaviest helicopter in the U.S. military. It is planned to deliver 200 helicopters at a total cost of over $23bn.
 The Akatsuki-class destroyer (暁型駆逐艦 Akatsuki-gata kuchikukan) was a class of four destroyers of the Imperial Japanese Navy. Almost identical in appearance to the previous Fubuki class they are regarded as a sub-class by many authors partly because the Imperial Japanese Navy itself kept the improvements made a secret and did not officially designate these four destroyers as a separate class.
 Torrens (1875 – 1910) was a clipper ship designed to carry passengers and cargo between London and Port Adelaide South Australia. She was the fastest ship to sail on that route and the last sailing ship on which Joseph Conrad would serve before embarking on his writing career.
 The Kawasaki B8 was a 125cc street motorcycle manufactured by Kawasaki Aircraft LTD from 1962 through 1965.
 MS Independence of the Seas is a Freedom-class cruise ship operated by the Royal Caribbean cruise line that entered service in April 2008. The 15-deck ship can accommodate 4370 passengers and is served by 1360 crew. She was built in the Aker Finnyards drydock in Turku Finland builder of Freedom of the Seas and Liberty of the Seas her sister ships of the Freedom class.
 USNS Sgt. Archer T. Gammon (T-AK-243) was a Boulder Victory-class cargo ship built at the end of World War II and served the war and its demilitarization as a commercial cargo vessel. From 1946 to 1950 she served the U.S. Army as a transport named USAT Sgt. Archer T. Gammon. In 1950 she was acquired by the United States Navy and assigned to the Military Sea Transportation Service. In 1973 she ended her career and was struck and scrapped.
 The French ironclad Provence was the name ship of her class and was built for the French Navy during the 1860s.
 HMCS Lady Evelyn was a commissioned patrol boat of the Royal Canadian Navy during the First World War. Originally built as the Deerhound she was acquired in 1907 by the Canadian government and renamed Lady Evelyn. After the war she was sold for civilian service and scrapped in 1936.
 HMS Canterbury was a C-class light cruiser of the Royal Navy that saw service in the First World War and the Russian Civil War. She was part of the Cambrian group of the C class.
 The Renault KZ was a Mid-size car or Large family car manufactured by Renault from 1923 to 1931.
 NOAAS Reuben Lasker is a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) fishery research vessel. The ship's namesake Reuben Lasker was a fisheries biologist who served with the Southwest Fisheries Center National Marine Fisheries Service and taught at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography.
 The Ganges-class ships of the line were a class of six 74-gun third rates designed for the Royal Navy by Sir Edward Hunt.
 HMS Whiting was a Royal Navy Ballahoo-class schooner (a type of vessel often described as a Bermuda sloop) of four 12-pounder carronades and a crew of 20. The prime contractor for the vessel was Goodrich & Co. in Bermuda and she was launched in 1805. She was a participant at the Battle of Basque Roads but was captured by a French privateer at the beginning of the War of 1812 after having been taken and released by the Americans in the first naval action of the war.
 Aenos was a 1935 GRT Cargo ship that was built in 1944 as Rodenbek by Flensburger Schiffbau-Gesellschaft Flensburg Germany. In 1945 she was seized by the Allies at Flensburg passed to the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) and was renamed Empire Contyne. She was allocated to the United States in 1946 and sold into merchant service in 1948. In 1952 she was sold to Panama and renamed Aenos.
 HMS Renard was the French privateer Renard launched in 1797 that Cerberus captured in the Channel that same year. The Royal Navy took her into service under her existing name and she participated in some notable engagements on the Jamaica station before the Navy sold her in 1809.
 HMAS Ping Wo (not to be confused with HMAS Whang Pu) was a 3105 tons former Indo-Chinese river steamer that was commissioned into the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) during World War II. The Chinese name translates to Equitable Harmony. It was one of a group of vessels known as the China Fleet acquired by the RAN in similar circumstances.
 The BMW 700 was a small rear-engined car produced by BMW in various models from August 1959 to November 1965. It was the first BMW automobile with a monocoque structure. The 700 was a sales success at a time when BMW was close to financial ruin. The 700 was also successful in its class in motorsport both in its stock form and as the basis of a racing special called the 700RS.More than 188000 were sold before production ended in November 1965.
 The Levasseur PL.14 was a torpedo bomber seaplane developed in France in the late 1920s. It was essentially similar to Levasseur's PL.7 carrier-based reconnaissance aircraft with the addition of pontoons. The design dispensed with the small underwing floats that formed part of the safety equipment of Levasseur's carrier-based aircraft of the period but retained the boat-like fuselage.
 The SsangYong Transtar is a luxury coach made using components derived from Mercedes-Benz buses. It is available in three trim levels: luxury express bus express bus and tourist express bus. The bus is very popular in South Korea and former Soviet nations. The name 'Transtar' comes from the words 'transportation' and 'star'.
 The Junkers S 36 was a twin-engine mail plane developed in Germany in the late 1920s that was further developed in Sweden as a multi-role military aircraft albeit unsuccessfully under the designation K 37. The design itself was a low-wing cantilever monoplane of largely conventional design featuring twin tails and fixed tailwheel undercarriage. Construction was metal throughout and skinned in typical Junkers fashion with corrugated duralumin.
 The Insect class gunboats (or large China gunboats) were a class of small but well-armed Royal Navy ships designed for use in shallow rivers or inshore. They were intended for use on the Danube (the name was to disguise their function).
 The Fauvel AV.50 Lutin (English: Elf) (originally designated the AV.61) was a design for an unorthodox light aircraft produced in France in the 1970s. Like other designs by Charles Fauvel it was a tailless design with a reverse-delta wing. In this case it was a single-seater intended to be powered by a converted Volkswagen engine.
 The Bristol 400 luxury car is the first automotive product of the British Bristol Aeroplane Company. After World War II BAC decided to diversify and formed a car division which would later be the Bristol Cars company in its own right. BAC subsequently acquired a licence from Frazer Nash to build BMW models.Bristol chose to base its first model on the best features of two outstanding pre-war BMWs namely the 328's engine and the 326's frame.
 ZIA UAV is a Chinese experimental UAV developed by Zhengzhou Institute Of Aeronautical Industry Management (ZIA 河南郑州航空工业管理学院) and it is a VTOL UAV. The complete name for this Chinese experimental UAV is called Shape Varying VTOL UAV (Ke-bian-Xing Chui-Zhi Qi-Jiang Wu-Ren-Ji 可变形垂直起降无人机).ZIA adopts a radical design in the development of called Shape Varying VTOL UAV by eliminating the vertical stabilizer while at the same time adopting canards to a flying wing with tiltrotor.
 USNS Private Francis X. McGraw (T-AK-241) was a Boulder Victory-class cargo ship built at the end of World War II and served the war and its demilitarization as a commercial cargo vessel. From 1946 to 1950 she served the U.S. Army as a transport named USAT Private Francis X. McGraw. In 1950 she was acquired by the United States Navy and assigned to the Military Sea Transportation Service. In 1974 she ended her career and was scrapped.
 The OB class was the first class of steam locomotives constructed by the Baldwin Locomotive Works for the Wellington and Manawatu Railway (WMR) in New Zealand. The class consisted of two locomotives ordered in 1888 and they entered service in September of that year as WMR No.'s 11 and 12.
 The Westland Wessex is a British-built turbine-powered development of the Sikorsky S-58 Choctaw it was developed and produced under license by Westland Aircraft (later Westland Helicopters). One of the main changes from Sikorsky's S-58 was the replacement of the piston-engine powerplant with a turboshaft engine; the Wessex was the first helicopter in the world to be produced in large numbers that made use of a gas turbine propulsion system.
 The Yakovlev AIR-7 was a prototype Soviet high performance light aircraft of the 1930s. It was a two-seat single-engined monoplane which demonstrated excellent performance during testing. After the prototype almost crashed as a result of flutter its designer Alexander Sergeyevich Yakovlev suffered temporary disgrace and no production followed.
 The Rohrbach Ro VIII Roland was an airliner produced in Germany during the 1920s. It was a conventional strut-braced high-wing monoplane based loosely on the Zeppelin-Staaken E.4/20 that Adolf Rohrbach designed in 1920. It had a fully enclosed flight deck and passenger cabin and featured fixed tailskid undercarriage. Power was supplied by three engines one in the nose and two mounted in nacelles on the wings.
 The fifth USS Eagle served in the United States Navy from 1898-1919 and saw action in the Spanish-American War and service during World War I.Eagle a yacht was built in 1890 as Almy by Harlan and Hollingsworth Wilmington Delaware; purchased by the Navy on 2 April 1898 and renamed Eagle; and commissioned three days later Lieutenant William Henry Hudson Southerland in command.
 ČSD Class E 499.3 electric locomotives were used primarily for passenger trains in Czechoslovakia. Locomotives which passed to České dráhy rail operator in the Czech republic are now classified as Class 163 those which passed to ZSSK rail operator in Slovakia are also Class 163.E 499.3 locomotives operate on the 3000 V DC system and are essentially a DC only version of the ES 499.1. ČD Class 163.2 and some ZSSK Class 163 locomotives were rebuilt from ČD and ZSSK Class 162.
 Geoanna was a steel auxiliary schooner built in 1934 by Craig Shipbuilding Company in Long Beach California. Geoanna was requisitioned during World War II for service briefly with the U.S. Navy before transfer to the U.S. Army for Southwest Pacific operation for the duration.
 The ZIL-135 is a large 8 wheeled military transport and self-propelled artillery truck produced in the Cold War by the Soviet Union starting in 1959. Its purpose was to carry and launch an artillery missile specifically a FROG-7 from surface-to-surface. The ZIL-135 was widely exported to other communist countries most notably North Korea where it is a common sight in films and military marches.
 HMCS Carleton is a unit of the Canadian Forces Naval Reserve based in Ottawa Ontario with approximately 230 primarily part-time sailors.
 The Berliner-Joyce XFJ was a United States prototype biplane fighter aircraft that first flew in May 1930. Designed by Berliner-Joyce Aircraft for the United States Navy its lower wing placed below the fuselage and just two feet above the ground apparently gave it a tendency to ground loop when landing and it was never ordered for production.
 The Nissan Rasheen is a small SUV with 4x4 capabilities produced from November 1994 to August 2000 by Nissan. A prototype was first shown at the October 1993 Tokyo Auto show. It was offered with three different engines: from the original 1.5 GA15DE to a larger 1.8 liter SR18DE and finally a 2.0 SR20DE in the Rasheen Forza. The car has five seats and a rugged quirky and angularly styled body.
 The Convertiplano is a cancelled Brazilian convertiplane project. It is based on the earlier Focke-Achgelis Fa 269.Henrich Focke revived the design in the early 1950s on behalf of Brazil's Centro Técnico Aeroespacial (CTA) at the time the air force's technical center who had contracted him to develop a convertiplane. The Convertiplano was built using the fuselage and wings of a Supermarine Spitfire Mk 15 which was believed to be one delivered to Argentina as a sales example.
 The SEAT Alhambra is a large multi-purpose vehicle (MPV) manufactured under the SEAT brand since 1996 at the Volkswagen Group's AutoEuropa plant in Palmela Portugal. It shares the same platform with the Volkswagen Sharan and the first generation was also related to the Ford Galaxy. The vehicle is named after the Alhambra of Granada a famous monument in Spain.
 USS Runner (SS-275) was a Gato-class submarine the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for the runner an amberfish inhabiting subtropical waters so called for its rapid leaps from the water.Runner's keel was laid down on 8 December 1941 by the Portsmouth Navy Yard of Kittery Maine. She was launched on 30 May 1942 sponsored by Mrs. John H. Newton and commissioned on 30 July 1942 with Commander Frank W. Fenno Jr.
 Unité was a corvette of the French Navy built in 1794 the lead ship of her class. She was captured by the Royal Navy in 1796 and renamed HMS Surprise. In 1799 she famously recaptured HMS Hermione and in 1802 was sold out of the service.
 Tom Thumb was the first American-built steam locomotive used on a common-carrier railroad. Designed and built by Peter Cooper in 1830 it was designed to convince owners of the newly formed Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O) to use steam engines. It is especially remembered as a participant in an impromptu race with a horse-drawn car; the Tom Thumb led the race until a belt slipped off a pulley and the engine lost power.
 ZIS-101 was a limousine from Zavod Imeni Stalina. It was introduced in 1936 and was equipped with an 5.8 L (354 cu in) straight-8 engine producing 90 hp (67 kW) and giving a top speed of 115 km/h (71 mph). The car was inspired by Buick designs of the time. It was fitted with a 3 speed automatic gearbox and torque converter. It was followed by the ZIS-101A that had improved the engine giving 110 hp (82 kW) and a new top speed of approximately 130 km/h (81 mph).
 The Sutjeska class were a group of submarines built for the Yugoslav Navy in the late 1950s.
 The 207 series (207系) is a commuter electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West) in the Kansai Region of Japan since 1991.This EMU was introduced in 1991 to replace ageing 103 series EMUs operating on the Fukuchiyama Line and the Katamachi Line.This train bears no relation to the 207 series built by JNR and operated by JR East until 2009.
 The SS Bee was an Australian wooden steamship built in 1884 and wrecked in 1901. The ship was built in 1884 in Newcastle New South Wales for the Watson Ferry Service who operated it on their Manly to Sydney ferry service from 1884.Robert Hayles Snr. the owner of a resort in Picnic Bay Magnetic Island purchased the vessel in 1899 to transport holiday makers to and from Picnic Bay from Townsville. The vessel sunk in October 1900 but was refloated and continued service for Hayles.
 USS Reedbird (AMS-51/YMS-291) was a YMS-1-class minesweeper of the YMS-135 subclass acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removal of mines that had been placed in coastal waters to prevent ships from passing.
 The USCGC Evergreen (WLB-295 WAGO-295 and WMEC-295) was originally built as a 180-foot (55 m) sea going buoy tender (WLB). A Cactus or A-class vessel Evergreen's preliminary design was completed by the United States Lighthouse Service and the final design was produced by Marine Ironworks and Shipbuilding Corporation in Duluth Minnesota (also the builders). The keel was laid on 15 April 1942. It was launched on 3 July 1942 and commissioned on 30 April 1943.
 The Saunders-Roe SR.N5 (or Warden class) was a medium-sized hovercraft which first flew in 1964. It was the first production-built hovercraft in the world. A later stretched variant of the SR.N5 was produced in greater numbers as the SR.N6.Fourteen SR.N5s were built seven of them by Bell Aerosystems under licence in the United States as the Bell SK-5. Some of the SK-5 production became military Patrol Air Cushion Vehicle (PACV). At least two Bell SK-5s were used for civilian work.
 The sixth USS Wasp was a sidewheel gunboat that served in the U.S. Navy from 1865 to 1876.Emma Henry an iron-hulled sidewheel steamer was captured at sea in December 1864 attempting to run the Union blockade of the Confederacy. The United States Navy purchased her from the New York prize court on 13 January 1865 and commissioned her into naval service on 11 May 1865.At Norfolk Virginia Emma Henry joined the squadron commanded by Acting Rear Admiral Sylvanus W.
 The APM 20 Lionceau is a two-seat very light aircraft manufactured by the French manufacturer Issoire Aviation.Despite its classic appearance it is entirely built from composite materials especially carbon fibers.Designed by Philippe Moniot and certified in 1999 (see EASA CS-VLA) this very light (400 kg empty 634 kg loaded) and economical (80 PS engine) aircraft is primarily intended to be used to learn to fly but also to travel with a relatively high cruise speed (113 knots).A three-seat version the APM 30 Lion was presented at the 2005 Paris Air Show.
 The Beagle A.109 Airedale was a British light civil aircraft developed in the 1960s.
 Churruca was a Spanish destroyer class built for the Spanish Navy based on a British design. Eighteen ships were built two sold to Argentina.The ships were authorized on 17 February 1915 by Navy Minister Augusto Miranda y Godoy.
 MV Narrabeen is one of four Freshwater class ferries that operate the Manly ferry service between Circular Quay and Manly on Sydney Harbour. The ferry is owned by the Government of New South Wales and operated by Harbour City Ferries. It is named after Narrabeen Beach on Sydney's Northern Beaches.
 The Type 918 Wolei class minelayer is the sole minelayer in the People's Liberation Army Navy numbered 814. The ship was designed by the 708 Institute in 1981 with Mr. Ma Jinghua (馬錦華) as the general designer. All of the onboard subsystems were completed in 1984. Dalian Shipyard begin construction of the ship in 1984 and completed it in 1988.
 HMS Dee was a Palmer Type River Class Destroyer ordered by the Royal Navy under the 1901 – 1902 Naval Estimates. Named after the River Dee near Liverpool England she was the fourth ship to carry this name since it was introduced in 1814 for a 20-gun 6th rate sold in 1819.
 The Macchi M.5 was an Italian single-seat fighter flying boat designed and built by Nieuport-Macchi at Varese. It was extremely manoeuvrable and agile and matched the land-based aircraft it had to fight.
 HMS E29 was a British E class submarine built by Armstrong Whitworth Newcastle-Upon-Tyne. She was laid down on 1 June 1915 and was commissioned in October 1915.HMS E29 suffered an explosion in the battery compartment which killed four men on 9 January 1916.HMS E29 was sold on 21 February 1922.
 The Lockheed L-2000 was Lockheed Corporation's entry in a government-funded competition to build the United States' first supersonic transport (SST) in the 1960s. The L-2000 lost the contract to the Boeing 2707 but that competing design was ultimately cancelled for political environmental and economic reasons.In 1961 President John F.
 USS Grayling (SSN-646) a Sturgeon-class attack submarine was the fifth ship of the United States Navy to be named for the grayling a fresh-water game fish closely related to the trout.
 The Pluton class minelayers were a pair of ships built just before World War I for the French Navy as their first purpose-built minelayers. They spent the first few months of the war laying minefields off captured Belgian ports and in the English Channel in conjunction with British ships. Pluton remained there for the rest of the war but Cerbère was transferred to the eastern Mediterranean Sea in 1915. The ship laid minefields off the Syrian coast and the Dardanelles.
 USS Bunting (AMc-7) was a coastal minesweeper in the United States Navy. She was named after the bunting a seed eating bird intermediate in size between starlings and finches.
 The Scaled Composites Model 367 BiPod is an experimental flying car developed by Scaled Composites. It was the final aircraft designed by Burt Rutan prior to his retirement.
 British Railways 10100 was an unusual experimental diesel locomotive known informally as The Fell Diesel Locomotive (after Lt. Col. L. F. R. Fell who was one of the designers). It was the joint production of Davey Paxman & Co Shell Refining & Marketing Co and Lt-Col L. F .R. Fell built for them by the London Midland and Scottish Railway at Derby. Sir Harry Ricardo was also involved. By the time it emerged in 1950 nationalisation had taken place and it carried British Railways livery.
 The Rotor Flight Dynamics Dominator is an American autogyro designed by Ernie Boyette of Rotor Flight Dynamics of Florida and made available in the form of plans and kits for amateur construction.
 Youngman JNP6105GR is a low-floor single-decker bus made and delivered to Citybus (Hong Kong) by Youngmanin 2012.
 SMS Deutschland  was the second and final ship of the Kaiser-class ironclads; SMS Kaiser was her sister ship. Named for Germany (Deutschland in German) the ship was laid down in the Samuda Brothers shipyard in London in 1872. The ship was launched in September 1874 and commissioned into the German fleet in July 1875. Deutschland mounted a main battery of eight 26 cm (10 in) guns in a central battery amidships.
 German submarine U-575 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She carried out ten patrols sank eight ships totalling 36010 GRT and damaged three other of 29777 GRT.She was a member of 18 wolfpacks.She was sunk north of the Azores by Allied ships and aircraft in March 1944.
 Locomotion No. 1 (originally named Active) is an early British steam locomotive built for the Stockton and Darlington Railway. Built by George and Robert Stephenson's company Robert Stephenson and Company in 1825. It was the first one to run on a passenger carrying line.
 HMS Curacoa was an Comus-class corvette of the Royal Navy built by John Elder & Co. Govan and launched on 18 April 1878.Commenced service on the Cape of Good Hope and West Africa Station before being transferred to the Australia Station arriving on 5 August 1890. She left the Australia Station in December 1894.Recently discovered log books from descendants of Mr.(Cptn) J.P. Shipton record the journey to Australia. Daily logs show the Curacoa leaving port in the U.K.
 The Martin 187 Baltimore was a two-engined light attack bomber built by the Glenn L. Martin Company in the United States originally ordered by the French in May 1940 as a follow-up to the earlier Martin Maryland then in service in France. With the fall of France the production series was diverted to Great Britain. Baltimore development was hindered by a series of problems although the type eventually became a highly versatile combat aircraft.
 The Blackburn F.1 Turcock was a British single-seat single-engine biplane fighter built in 1927. Designed to be produced in several variants only one was completed.
 The Nissan Xterra is an SUV built on the Nissan F-Alpha platform by Nissan Motors. It is based off the Nissan Frontier pickup and is named after the XTERRA off-road triathlon race series that Nissan sponsored from 1998 to 2006.
 The Airbus A400M Atlas is a multi-national four-engine turboprop military transport aircraft. It was designed by Airbus Military as a tactical airlifter with strategic capabilities. The aircraft's maiden flight originally planned for 2008 took place on 11 December 2009 from Seville Spain.A total of 174 A400M aircraft have been ordered by eight nations as of July 2011. The A400M received certification in March 2013. The first aircraft was delivered to the French Air Force in August 2013.
 The Southern Martlett was a single-engined single-seat biplane sports aircraft. Six were built including the rather different and unsuccessful Metal Martlet.
 The Thyella class of destroyers were ordered by the Royal Hellenic Navy before World War I when the Greek government embarked on a naval buildup after losing the Greco-Turkish War of 1897. These four ships were ordered from Britain in 1905 and were among the last vessels built at the Yarrow shipyard at Cubitt Town London before its move to the Clyde.The class consisted of four destroyers: Lonchi Nafkratousa Sfendoni I and Thyella.
 USS Lassen (DDG-82) is a Flight IIA Arleigh Burke-class guided missile destroyer in the United States Navy.She was homeported in San Diego until she shifted homeport to Yokosuka Naval Base in Yokosuka Japan in August 2005 where she remains as of March 2013.Lassen is named for Clyde Everett Lassen who was awarded the Medal of Honor for his courageous rescue of two downed aviators while commander of a search and rescue helicopter in Vietnam.On 15 February 2009 at 12:25 pm Lassen collided with a Japanese 14-ton pleasure boat in Yokosuka harbor. 
 HMS Gladiolus was a Flower-class corvette of the Royal Navy the first ship of her class.She was laid down at Smiths Dock Company on the River Tees on 19 October 1939 launched on 24 January 1940 and commissioned on 6 April 1940.Gladiolus was active in the Battle of the Atlantic in World War II and spent most of her service career on convoy escort duty in the North Atlantic. She was lost in action on 16 October 1941.
 Stavros S Niarchos is a British brig-rigged tall ship owned and operated by the Tall Ships Youth Trust (TSYT). She is primarily designed to provide young people with the opportunity to undertake voyages as character-building exercises rather than pure sail-training. She is also used for adult voyages and holidays which help subsidise the operation of the ship.
 IJN Kako (加古 重巡洋艦 Kako jūjun'yōkan) was the second vessel in the two-vessel Furutaka-class of heavy cruisers in the Imperial Japanese Navy. It was named after the Kakogawa River in Hyogo prefecture Japan.
 Worcester was a 48-gun third rate frigate built for the navy of the Commonwealth of England at Woolwich Dockyard and launched in 1651.After the Restoration in 1660 she was renamed HMS Dunkirk. By 1677 her armament had been increased to 60 guns. In 1704 she underwent a rebuild at Blackwall Yard relaunching as a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line. On 12 September 1729 Dunkirk was ordered to be taken to pieces at Portsmouth and rebuilt as a 60-gun fourth rate to the 1719 Establishment.
 The Skycraft Scout is an Australian designed and built single-seat tail dragger microlight airplane used primarily for recreational aviation.
 The Cosmos Echo is a French single-seat flying wing ultralight trike that is produced by Cosmos ULM. The aircraft is only supplied as a completed aircraft and is not available as a kit.
 EML Ugandi is a Sandown-class minehunter commissioned by the Estonian Navy in 2009. Ugandi is a former Royal Navy vessel HMS Bridport built by Woolston Yard of Southampton-based shipbuilders Vosper Thornycroft. The vessel is the third and final Sandown-class vessel which joined the naval force after its mine countermeasures vessel modernization programme.
 The Acheron class (officially re-designated as the I class in October 1913) was a class of twenty-three destroyers of the British Royal Navy all built under the 1910-11 Programme and completed between 1911 and 1912 which served during World War I. A further six ships were built to the same design for the Royal Australian Navy as River-class destroyers.
 CSS Raleigh was originally a small iron-hulled propeller-driven towing steamer operating on the Albemarle and Chesapeake Canal. She was taken over by the State of North Carolina in May 1861 and transferred to the Confederate States the following July. Her commanding officer during 1861-1862 was Lieutenant Joseph W. Alexander.
 The Lotus Esprit GT1 was a sports racing car produced by Lotus Cars. It competed in the BPR Global GT Series in the mid 1990s.The early 1990s were particularly difficult for Group Lotus. The repercussions of global recession were severe for sports car manufacturers. During 1992 the Lotus dealer franchise network contracted from 29 to 19 outlets as production of the long running Excel and recently relaunched Elan M100 ended. Furthermore by August 1993 General Motors had disposed of the company.
 The Aérospatiale SA 315B Lama is a French single-engined helicopter developed to meet hot and high operational requirements of the Indian Armed Forces. It combines the lighter Aérospatiale Alouette II airframe with Alouette III components and powerplant.The helicopter was license built by Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) in India as the Cheetah; an upgraded variant powered by the Turbomeca TM 333-2M2 engine is known as the HAL Cheetal.
 The PGM-1 class motor gunboats were a class of eight gunboats converted for the United States Navy from 1943-1944 and were succeeded by the PGM-9 class motor gunboat. All eight PGM-1s were converted from SC-497 class submarine chasers. The PGM-1s were created to support PT boats in the Pacific but were too slow to keep up. The PGM-1 was discontinued and the PGM-9 also too slow was shifted to support minesweeping ships instead.PGM-7 was the only PGM-1 lost in World War II.
 Lion was a Téméraire class 74-gun third rate ship of the line of the French Navy which later served in the Royal Navy. She was built at Rochefort. She was later renamed Marat and then Formidable with the changing fortunes of the French Revolution. She took part in the Action of 6 November 1793 managing to rake HMS Alexander.
 The Minerve class was a type of 40-gun frigate of the French Navy carrying 18-pounder long guns as their main armament. Five ships of this type were built between 1778 and 1779 and served during the American War of Independence and the French Revolutionary Wars.
 The RagWing RW11 Rag-A-Bond is a two seat high wing strut-braced conventional landing gear single engine homebuilt aircraft designed by Roger Mann and sold as plans by RagWing Aircraft Designs for amateur construction.The RW11 is a replica of the Piper PA-15 Vagabond.
 HMS Kingham was a Ham-class minesweeper of the Royal Navy.Their names were all chosen from villages ending in -ham. The minesweeper was named after Kingham in Oxfordshire.
 The Viking SF-2A Cygnet also called the Sisler SF-2A Cygnet and the HAPI SF-2A Cygnet is an American STOL amateur-built aircraft designed by Bert Sisler and produced by Viking Aircraft. The aircraft is supplied in the form of plans for amateur construction. The Cygnet first flew in 1973.The Cygnet plans were originally marketed by the designer through his company Sisler Aircraft of Bloomington Minnesota and later by HAPI Engines a supplier of Volkswagen air-cooled engines.
 TF Carrier was a train ferry introduced by the Edinburgh & Northern Railway later incorporated into the North British Railway to cross the River Tay as part of its route between Edinburgh and Aberdeen.
 The Chidori-class torpedo boat (千鳥型水雷艇 Chidori-gata suiraitei) was an Imperial Japanese Navy class of torpedo boats that served during the Second World War. They proved to have too much armament for the hull and Tomozuru (友鶴) capsized shortly after completion in heavy weather. The entire class had to be rebuilt before they became satisfactory sea-boats.
 The MB.200 was a French bomber aircraft of the 1930s designed and built by Societé des Avions Marcel Bloch. A twin-engined high-winged monoplane with a fixed undercarriage over 200 MB.200s were built for the French Air Force and the type was also licence built by Czechoslovakia but it soon became obsolete and was largely phased out by the start of the Second World War.
 The Piaggio P.119 was an Italian experimental fighter of World War II. It had a relatively novel layout with a buried radial engine mounted mid-fuselage. Only a single prototype was built before the Armistice between Italy and the Allied armed forces which ended the project.
 The Kathleen and May is the last remaining British built wooden hull three masted top sail schooner. Registered in Bideford North Devon but presently based in Liverpool she is listed on the National Historic Fleet Core Collection.
 The Mercedes-Benz Mannheim 350 replaced the W03/Typ 350 models in 1929. The structure originated by Ferdinand Porsche was modified by Hans Nibel.
 HMCS Cape Scott (ARE 101) was a Cape-class escort maintenance ship. She was built for the Royal Navy as HMS Beachy Head in 1944. She was loaned to the Royal Netherlands Navy in 1947 as HNLMS Vulkaan and returned to the Royal Navy in 1950. She was sold to the Royal Canadian Navy in 1952 and served until 1975 used as an alongside repair depot after decommissioning.
 The Bedford TK is a truck that was produced by the Vauxhall Motors-owned Bedford Vehicles company. Launched in 1959 to replace the Bedford S type the TK was scheduled to be replaced by the Bedford TL in 1981 but manufacturing of the TK continued as a cheaper alternative. A military 4x4 version called the Bedford MK was also produced. After Bedford's Dunstable factory was sold in 1987 to AWD the TK restarted production for military only use until 1992 when AWD went into receivership.
 The RV Barbaros Hayreddin Paşa is a Turkish seismographic research/survey vessel owned and operated by the Turkish Petroleum Corp. (TPAO). Built in Dubai United Arab Emirates (UAE) and launched in 2011 she was purchased in 2013 and renamed in honor of the renowned Ottoman Navy admiral Barbarossa Hayreddin Pasha (1478-1546).
 The Daytona Sportscar (sometimes referred to as the 'Daytona Coupe') is an Australian built reproduction of the Shelby Daytona coupé from 1964. It was built by Richard Bendell designed by Ross Holder and the chassis builder was Michael Borland. So far eight have been built by Victorian race car builder Borland Racing Developments with the first car built in 2001. It has competed in several Australian tarmac rallies since including Targa Tasmania and Targa West.
 The Greek torpedo boat Kios (Greek: TA Κίος) served in the Royal Hellenic Navy from 1920–1941. Originally the ship was the Austro-Hungarian Fiume-class torpedo boat SMS Tb 99-M.
 USS LST-995 was an LST-542-class tank landing ship in the United States Navy. Like many of her class she was not named and is properly referred to by her hull designation.LST-995 was laid down on 12 March 1944 at the Boston Navy Yard; launched on 2 May 1944; and commissioned on 20 May 1944 Lt. (jg.) G. W.
 The Cessna 162 Skycatcher is an American side-by-side two-seat high-wing strut-braced tricycle gear light-sport aircraft (LSA) that was designed and produced by Cessna between December 2009 and December 2013.
 No. 1 is the name of a sailing yacht which is power-assisted by an electric motor that gets its electricity from hydrogen fuel cells. It is the first ever yacht to be fuel cell-powered. The boat was certified under the Germanischer Lloyd guidelines for fuel cells on ships and boats.
 USS Germantown (LSD-42) is the second Whidbey Island-class dock landing ship in the United States Navy. She is the second navy ship named after the Revolutionary War Battle of Germantown.Germantown was the first ship in the class to serve in the Pacific. The amphibious ship's mission is to project power ashore by transporting and launching amphibious craft and vehicles loaded with embarked marines in support of an amphibious assault.
 The Meyers 200 was a single-engined light aircraft produced in the US in the 1950s and 1960s.
 The Santiago was a 455 ton barque launched in 1856. It was built by Henry Balfour of Methil Fife for the Liverpool shipping company Balfour Williamson. It sailed mainly between Liverpool and Chile but also to Australia. Its remnant hull which lies in a ships' graveyard in South Australia is considered to be 'the oldest intact iron hull sailing vessel in the world.'
 SMS Cormoran or SMS Cormoran II was built at Danzig Germany in 1909 for the Russian merchant fleet and named SS Ryazan (Rjasan or Rjäsan from the Russian town of Ryazan). She was used by imperial Russia as a combination passenger cargo and mail carrier on North Pacific routes.
 The Staib LB-2 also called the Little Bastard Little Bit and The Monster is a homebuilt aircraft design of Wilbur Staib. It once held the title as the worlds smallest monoplane.
 USS Serene (AM-300) was an Admirable-class minesweeper built for the United States Navy during World War II. She served in the Pacific Ocean and was awarded six battle stars. She was decommissioned and placed in reserve in 1946. In January 1964 the former Serene was transferred to South Vietnam as RVNS Nhựt Tảo (HQ-10) in the Republic of Vietnam Navy. She was sunk in January 1974 during combat with Chinese forces in the Battle of the Paracel Islands.
 USCGC Vidette was a United States Coast Guard Cutter commissioned in 1919.Vidette was built as the wooden-hulled civilian yacht Howarda in 1913 by the Essington Company in Essington Pennsylvania. The U.S. Navy acquired Howarda in 1917 for use as a patrol boat during World War I. She served in the Navy as USS Howarda (SP-144) until 1919.The Navy transferred Howarda to the United States Department of the Treasury for use by the United States Coast Guard on 3 May 1919 or 1 July 1919.
 The Chevrolet Parkwood was a station wagon built by the Chevrolet Motor Division of General Motors from 1959 to 1961. As the station wagon equivalent of the Bel Air passenger car series it represented the middle member of the Chevrolet station wagon lineup of those years above the lowest-priced Brookwood models but below the luxury-leader Nomad.
 NSB El 9 is a retired class of three electric locomotives built by Thune for the Norwegian State Railways (NSB) with electrical equipment from Norsk Elektrisk & Brown Boveri (NEBB) and Per Kure. The locomotives were delivered in 1947 after a three-year delay caused by wartime sabotage in response to the of the German occupation of Norway. They were used nearly exclusively on the Flåm Line and Hardanger Line two steep branch lines.
 MS Stena Scotia is a freight ferry that is owned by Stena and operated by the ferry company Stena Line. She operates on the route that links Heysham with Belfast. She was built in 1996 at the Miho Shipyards in Japan as the Maersk Exporter for Norfolkline. In 2010 she was renamed as the Scotia Seaways when DFDS Seaways acquired Norfolkline and took over all of their operations.
 USRC Mackinac later USCGC Mackinac was a patrol boat that served in the United States Revenue Cutter Service from 1903 to 1915 and in the United States Coast Guard from 1915 to 1917 and from 1919 to 1939.
 The R33 ML (Mainline) was a New York City Subway car built by St. Louis Car Company in 1962 and 1963. They were a follow-up or supplemental stock for the “A” Division’s R29s and closely resemble them.
 The Westfield XTR2 is an ultralightweight two-seater sports car manufactured by Westfield Sportscars Limited of West Midlands UK. It features a lightweight steel tubular spaceframe chassis and the 170 hp (127 kW) 1299 cc Suzuki Hayabusa 4-cylinder engine mated to a 6-speed sequential gearbox. Performance upgrades are available. However it lacks a windshield side doors roof and is virtually devoid of interior luxury.
 USCGC Bitt (WYTL-65613) was a cutter in the US Coast Guard. Constructed by Western Boat Builders Corp. and commissioned in 1966 the vessel served as part of the USCG for sixteen years before being decommissioned in 1982 and transferred to the National Science Foundation (NSF). During her Coast Guard service Bitt was based in Washington and Alaska where she was utilized mainly in a law enforcement and search and rescue (SAR) role.
 The Aero A.20 was a biplane fighter aircraft built in Czechoslovakia in 1923. It was evaluated for Czech Air Force service against Aero's competing A.18 and A.19 designs a competition that the A.18 won meaning that this aircraft never entered production and only a single prototype was ever built.
 The Hired armed cutter Duke of York served the Royal Navy from 23 June 1803 to 24 September 1810. She was of 82 27/94 tons burthen (bm) and was armed with eight 4-pounder guns.In July 1803 she sent into Portsmouth the American vessel Eagle from New York bound for Amsterdam and in August the Young Jane from Roxborough for France.In 1807 she was under the command of Lieutenant A. Mott. On 15 October under the command of Lieutenant J.
 HMS Pincher was a coal-fired Beagle-class destroyer of the Royal Navy built by William Denny and Brothers and launched on 15 March 1910.Pincher spent the early part of the First World War in a local defence flotilla operating out of Portsmouth but by June 1915 had joined the 5th Destroyer Flotilla in the Aegean Sea operating with them until December 1917.In January 1918 she was moved to the 2nd Destroyer Flotilla operating for a half year with the Northern Division of the Coast of Ireland Station.On 15 May 1918 Pincher was reassigned to the 4th Destroyer Flotilla at Devonport.On 24 July 1918 whilst escorting the Standard Tanker War Hostage from Devonport through the Western Approaches with Scorpion Pincher took a course that brought her dangerously close to the Seven Stones Reef between Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly (the reef that would claim the supertanker Torrey Canyon in 1967). 
 MS Bimini Superfast is a fast ropax ferry operated by Resorts World from Miami to their Bimini bay Resort and Casino. Built in 2001 as Superfast VI by Howaldtswerke-Deutsche Werft (HDW) in Kiel Germany for Attica Group's subsidiary Superfast Ferries she was sold to her current owners in 2013.
 USS Redpoll (AMS-57/YMS-294) was a YMS-1-class minesweeper of the YMS-135 subclass acquired by the U.S. Navy for the task of removing mines that had been placed in the water to prevent ships from passing.
 The Southampton-class frigates were 32-gun sailing frigates of the fifth rate produced for the Royal Navy. They were designed in 1756 by Sir Thomas Slade and were the first 'true' fifth-rate frigates produced to the new single-deck concept (that is without any gunports on the lower deck).
 Baku (Russian: Баку) was a Soviet Red Banner destroyer leader of the Leningrad-class (she was reclassfied as a destroyer in 1949). She was built by Dalzavod in Komsomolsk na Amure. The ship was laid down on January 15 1935 as Kiev (on December 27 1939 renamed to Sergo Ordzhonikidze and on September 25 1940 to Baku) launched on July 25 1938 and attached to the 1st Division of destroyers of the Pacific Fleet.
 The Pander E was the first indigenous Dutch training aircraft used by clubs and also privately owned. A two-seat single-engine biplane 17 were built in the Netherlands from 1926 with engines of increasing power.
 HNLMS Abraham van der Hulst was a Jan van Amstel-class minesweeper of the Royal Netherlands Navy.
 The Kia Bongo (Hangul:기아 봉고) also known as the Kia K-Series or Kia Besta is a pick-up truck and van produced by the South Korean manufacturer Kia Motors since 1980.The Bongo was first launched in 1980 under the name Bongo. In 1997 the third generation generation Bongo Frontier was launched. As of 2004 the Kia Bongo was in its fourth version confusingly sold as the Kia Bongo III. Frontier was dropped from the name with this revision.
 USS Artemis (ID-2187) also known as the USAT Artemis was a German passenger liner seized by U.S. Customs at New York City at the start of American involvement in World War I. She was built in 1902 as Iowa and was renamed Bohemia in 1912.
 The SAAB 18 was a twin-engine bomber and reconnaissance aircraft designed and built for use by the Swedish Air Force by Svenska Aeroplan AB (SAAB) in response to a 1938 design competition. Due to delays it did not enter service until 1944 but quickly became the standard Swedish bomber aircraft.
 Vladimir Ignatyuk (formerly MV Arctic Kalvik) is a diesel icebreaker that was built in 1983 at the Victoria Yard of the Burrard Yarrows Corporation located in Victoria British Columbia Canada for Beaudril Limited an oil-drilling subsidiary of Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. for use in anchor handling and ice breaking in the Beaufort Sea. Two other Class 4 icebreakers were built for Beaudril by Burrard Yarrows Co. Ikaluk and Miscaroo and the conical drill platform - Kulluk.
 The Delta J or Thor-Delta J was an American expendable launch system of the late 1960s. Only one was launched with the Explorer 38 spacecraft. It was a member of the Delta family of rockets.The Delta J was derived from the Delta E. The first stage was a Thor missile in the DSV-2C configuration with three Castor-1 solid rocket boosters clustered around it. A Delta E was used as the second stage.
 USS Colhoun (DD-85/APD-2) was a Wickes-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War I and later redesignated APD-2 in World War II. She was the first Navy ship named for Edmund Colhoun.Launched in 1918 she remained on convoy duty for the final few months of World War I and she then operated out of the Atlantic for several years until being decommissioned in 1922.
 German submarine U-315 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 7 July 1942 at the Flender Werke yard at Lübeck as 'werk' 315 launched on 29 May 1943 and commissioned on 10 July under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Herbert Zoller.During her career the U-boat sailed on 11 combat patrols sinking one ship and causing another to be declared a total loss before she surrendered in May 1945.She was a member of 13 wolfpacks.
 The EH10 class of electric locomotives were Bo-Bo+Bo-Bo wheel arrangement two-unit DC freight locomotives operated by Japanese National Railways in Japan.The exterior was designed by industrial designer Masao Hagiwara.The EH10 was used for 1200 tonne freight trains on the Tōkaidō Main Line between Tokyo (Shiodome) and Osaka (Umeda).
 USS Jack (SS-259) a Gato-class submarine was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for the jack (any of various fishes—young pike green pike or pickerel or large California rockfish). Her keel was laid down by the Electric Boat Company Groton Connecticut 2 February 1942. She was launched 16 October 1942 (sponsored by Mrs. Frances Seely) and commissioned at New London CT 6 January 1943 Commander T. M.
 The BICh-7 was a tail-less sport/touring aircraft designed and built in the USSR from 1929.
 The Natsushio-class submarines were significantly smaller than the next generation Japanese submarines the Ōshio and the Natsushio-class submarines were the development of the Hayashio-class submarines. Also Natsushio-class is one of the (coast-defence) hunter-killer submarine (SSK) of JMSDF. Construction of the two subs in the class was approved under the First Defense Buildup Program 1958-1960. However the MSDF brass did not welcome the small submarines.
 Nozomi (のぞみ) (Japanese for Wish or Hope and known before launch as Planet-B) was planned as a Mars-orbiting aeronomy probe but was unable to achieve Mars orbit due to electrical failures.
 Cadillac de Ville series deVille and De Ville redirect here. For other uses see Deville (disambiguation).The de Ville was originally a trim level and later a model of General Motors' Cadillac marque. The first car to bear the name was the 1949 Coupe de Ville a prestige trim level of the Series 62 luxury coupe. The last model to be formally known as a De Ville was the 2005 Cadillac DeVille a full-size sedan the largest car in the Cadillac model range at the time.
 German submarine U-567 (U-567) was a type VII C submarine in the German Kriegsmarine during the Second World War.Her keel was laid down on 27 April 1940 at the Blohm & Voss yard in Hamburg as 'werk' 534. She was launched on 6 March 1941 and was commissioned on 24 April under Kapitänleutnant Theodor Fahr. She entered service with the 3rd U-boat Flotilla for training. She began operations with that flotilla on 1 August 1941 and joined the 7th flotilla on 1 November.
 USS Elfrida later USS Elfrida (SP-988) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1898 to 1918. She served in the Spanish-American War and World War I.
 Cab-over also known as Cab Over Engine (COE) cab forward (U.S.
 USS Volador (IX-59) was a wooden-hulled schooner acquired by the United States Navy and after transfer to the United States Army seeing service in the Southwest Pacific Area during World War II as an early command and communications ship. The schooner was designed by William Gardiner and built at Wilmington California by William Müller and Company in 1926.
 Lizzonia was a 401 GRT Empire F type coaster that was built in 1944 by Goole Shipbuilding & Repairing Ltd Goole United Kingdom as Empire Farouche for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). In 1946 she was sold and renamed Lizzonia. She was re-engined in 1956 and sank in 1961 following a collision with another vessel.
 MV Mefküre (often referred to as Mefkura) was a Turkish wooden-hulled motor schooner chartered to carry Jewish Holocaust refugees from Romania to Istanbul sailing under the Turkish and Red Cross flags. On 5 August 1944 a Soviet submarine sank her in the Black Sea by torpedo and shellfire killing more than 300 refugees.
 SMS Arcona was the ninth member of the ten-ship Gazelle class built by the Imperial German Navy and named after Cape Arkona on the German island of Rügen. She was built by the AG Weser dockyard in Bremen laid down in 1901 launched in April 1902 and commissioned into the High Seas Fleet in May 1903.
 USS Lyndon B. Johnson (DDG-1002) is to be the third and final ship of the Zumwalt-class destroyer. The contract to build her was awarded to Bath Iron Works located in Bath Maine on 15 September 2011. The award along withs funds for the construction of USS Michael Monsoor (DDG-1001) was worth US$1.826 billion. On 16 April 2012 Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus announced the ship's named to be Lyndon B. Johnson in honor of Lyndon B.
 SS Santhia was a 5151-ton steamship built for the British-India Steam Navigation Company in 1901 by William Denny & Brothers Dumbarton and used as a passenger cargo vessel.She was used for the transportation of Indian indentured labourers to the colonies. Details of some of these voyages are as follows:In 1923 Santhia was sold to Japan and renamed Saka Maru. She was scrapped in 1935.
 The Darmstadt D-22 was a sportsplane of Germany designed and built by Akaflieg of Darmstadt University of Technology.
 The Response Boat – Medium (RB-M) is a 45-foot (14 m) utility boat used by the United States Coast Guard. It is intended as a replacement for the Coast Guard's fleet of 41-foot (12 m) utility boats (UTB) which have been in use by the Coast Guard since the 1970s. The Coast Guard plans to acquire 170 of these RB-Ms over a 6–10 year period.
 Schull and Skibbereen Light Railway 1 and 3 were two 4-4-0T locomotives manufactured by Peckett and Sons in 1906 and 1914 respectively. They were the Schull and Skibbereen Railway's fifth and sixth locomotives and took the numbers of withdrawn locomotives.The first member of this class was numbered No. 1 and named Gabriel replacing the original No.
 The Ellipse Titan is a French high-wing single-place hang glider designed and produced by La société Ellipse of Étuz introduced in 2002.
 The Farner HF Colibri 1 SL was an unusual canard motor glider with a unique control system designed and built in Switzerland in the late 1970s. Only one was constructed; much modified during the 1980s it was still flying in 1990.
 USS Wabanquot (YTB-525) later YTM-525 was a tug that served in the United States Navy from 1945 to 1976.Wabanquot was a Hisada-class tug laid down in May 1945 at Jacksonville Florida by the Gibbs Gas Engine Company. She was launched on 9 August 1945 sponsored by Mrs. G. W. Scott Jr. and delivered to the U.S.
 The Preiss RHJ-9 is an evolution of the RHJ-7 and RHJ-8 side-by-side two-seat flapped homebuilt gliders. The wingspan was increased to 18.29 m and the maximum mass was raised to 500 kg. A wing construction similar to that of the later HP-18 was adopted employing foam ribs bonded to the aluminum spars and skins. It first flew in 1978.
 The first USS Francovich (DE-379) was a proposed World War II United States Navy John C. Butler-class destroyer escort that was never completed.The name Francovich was assigned to DE-379 on 31 May 1944. She was scheduled to be built at Consolidated Steel Corporation at Orange Texas but her construction was cancelled on 6 June 1944.The name Francovich was reassigned to destroyer escort USS Francovich (DE-606) which was converted during construction into fast transport USS Francovich (APD-116).
 HMS Eclipse was an E-class destroyer of the Royal Navy that saw service in the Atlantic Arctic and Mediterranean theatres during World War II until sunk by a mine in the Aegean Sea on 24 October 1943.
 USS Washington (BB-47) a Colorado-class battleship was the second ship of the United States Navy named in honor of the 42nd state. Her keel was laid down on 30 June 1919 at Camden New Jersey by the New York Shipbuilding Corporation. She was launched on 1 September 1921 sponsored by Miss Jean Summers the daughter of Congressman John W. Summers of Washington State.
 Shōkaku (Japanese: 翔鶴 Flying Crane) was an aircraft carrier of the Imperial Japanese Navy the lead ship of her class. Along with her sister ship Zuikaku she took part in several key naval battles during the Pacific War including the attack on Pearl Harbor the Battle of the Coral Sea and the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands before being torpedoed and sunk by an American submarine at the Battle of the Philippine Sea.
 The Thornycroft M or Mastiff class were a class of six destroyers completed for the Royal Navy during 1914-16 for World War I service. They were quite different from the Admiralty-designed ships of the Admiralty M class class although based on a basic sketch layout provided by the Admiralty from which J I Thornycroft developed their own design. Like the 'standard' Admiralty M class they had 3 funnels but the centre funnel was thicker in the Thornycroft ships.
 USS Consolation (AH-15) was a Haven-class hospital ship originally in service with the United States Navy from 1945 to 1955. In 1960 she was chartered to the People to People Health Foundation and renamed SS Hope and served for another 14 years until being scrapped in 1975.Consolation was built as Marine Walrus in 1944 by Sun Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Co. Chester Pennsylvania. Sponsored by Mrs. H. C.
 Satsuki (皐月 ”May”) was one of twelve Mutsuki-class destroyers built for the Imperial Japanese Navy following World War I. Advanced for their time these ships served as first-line destroyers through the 1930s but were considered obsolescent by the start of the Pacific War.
 The Leyland Tiger was a heavyweight half-cab single-decker bus and coach chassis built by Leyland Motors between 1927 and 1968 except the period of World War II.The Tiger was always very closely related to the Titan of its time sharing a ladder type frame dropped in the wheelbase and gently rising in curves over the axles generally only differing in wheelbase.
 The Avro 627 Mailplane was a British biplane developed in 1931 by Avro from the Avro Antelope bomber as a mail plane for use in Canada. Only one was built which ended up being used as a test bed.
 The first USS Tunxis was launched on 4 June 1864 at Chester PA by Reaney Son and Archbold; and commissioned at the Philadelphia Navy Yard on 12 July 1864. On 21 September 1864 the light-draft monitor departed the sheltered waters of the navy yard on her maiden voyage. However she soon began taking on water at such an alarming rate that she came about and returned to Philadelphia where she was decommissioned later in the month.
 Groote Beer originally the Victory ship SS Costa Rica Victory was laid down on 22 March 1944 at the Permanente No. 1 yard at Richmond California and launched on 17 June 1944.Used as a Dutch emigrant ship after World War II the ship was rebuilt in 1952 to accommodate about 800 passengers in a single class with large dormitories outnumbering conventional cabins. The Groote Beer made regular stops at Halifax's Pier 21 in Nova Scotia Canada between 1948 and 1961.
 Ligurienne was a 16-gun corvette of the French Navy.Designed by Garnier on plans by Poncet following the design specifications of general Napoleon Bonaparte. What he sought was a ship whose hull could be split into eight sections joined by screw bolts so that she could be dismantled carried in 10 wagons over land and then be re-assembled at on reaching water again.
 MS Rotterdam is a Rotterdam-class cruise ship the sixth Holland America Line vessel to bear the name and is one of the two Atlantic flagships of the fleet. Built in Italy in 1997 Rotterdam features fine art and antiques an internet center and a spa and fitness center. She is named for SS Rotterdam of 1959 and also named after the city of Rotterdam Netherlands and Rotterdam and her sister ship Amsterdam are loosely based on the original ship.
 The French ironclad Couronne (Crown) was the first iron-hulled ironclad warship built for the French Navy in 1859–62. She was the first such ship to be laid down although the British armoured frigate HMS Warrior was completed first. The ship participated in the Franco-Prussian War of 1870–71 but saw no combat. She was served as a gunnery training ship from 1885 to 1908 before she was hulked the following year and became a barracks ship in Toulon.
 USS Rattler (1862) was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Navy to patrol navigable waterways of the Confederate States of America especially the Mississippi River and to be employed as a gunship when required.
 The I-201-class submarines (伊二百一型潜水艦 I-Nihyakuichi-gata sensuikan) were submarines of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II. These submarines were of advanced design built for high underwater speed and were known as Submarine High speed-Large type (潜高大型 Sen Taka-Dai gata) or Submarine-High speed type (潜高型 Sen Taka gata).
 USS DeKalb (ID-3010) was a German mail ship SS Prinz Eitel Friedrich (1904) that served during the early part of the First World War as an auxiliary cruiser (Hilfkreuzer) in the German Navy and later after the US entry into the war as US Navy troop ship. Post war she returned to civilian service as the US transatlantic liner SS Mount Clay.
 The first-generation Ford Taurus is an automobile that was produced by the Ford Motor Company as the first of six generations of the Ford Taurus. Introduced in December 1985 as a 1986 model the front-wheel drive Taurus was a very influential design that is credited with saving Ford from bankruptcy bringing many innovations to the marketplace and starting the trend towards aerodynamic design for the American automakers in the North American market.
 USS John J. Powers (DE-528) was an Evarts-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy during World War II. She was sent off into dangerous North Atlantic Ocean waters to protect convoys and other ships from German submarines and fighter aircraft. She performed escort and anti-submarine operations in battle areas before sailing home victorious at the end of the conflict.She was named in honor of John James Powers a U.S.
 The Piana Canova PC.100 was a primary glider designed and built in Italy in the 1930s. It had many of the characteristics of these simple aircraft but differed greatly in using a wing of rhomboidal plan. Only one was built.
 The Blume Bl.500 Bl.502 and Bl.503 were a family of four-seat light aircraft designed in West Germany by Dr Walter Blume in the late 1950s.
 USS Blue (DD-387) a Bagley-class destroyer was the first United States Navy ship of that name in honor of Rear Admiral Victor Blue (1865–1928). Blue served during World War II. She was launched 27 May 1937 by Norfolk Naval Shipyard; sponsored by Miss Kate Lilly Blue sister of Rear Adm. Blue; and commissioned 14 August 1937 Lieutenant Commander J. Wright in command.
 The Lamborghini 350 GT was the first production vehicle produced by Lamborghini. Production started in May 1964 after its well-received debut at the March 1964 Geneva auto show. Its success ensured the company's survival establishing it as a viable competitor with sports car maker Ferrari.
 The Bird Wing or later Bird Wing Imperial was a light sport biplane of the 1920s and 1930s.
 SMS Boa was a torpedo boat of the Austro-Hungarian Navy. Built as a unit of the Python class she was typical of the seagoing torpedo boats acquired by Austria-Hungary between 1896 and 1914. In 1910 she was renamed Torpedoboot 15.
 USS Execute (AM-232) was an Admirable-class minesweeper built for the United States Navy during World War II. She was originally ordered and laid down as USS PCE-905 the lead ship of the PCE-905 class of patrol craft. She was reclassified as an Admirable-class minesweeper by the time of her June 1944 launch and named Execute by the time of her November 1944 commissioning. After service in the Pacific during World War II she was decommissioned in August 1946 and placed in reserve.
 HMS Calendula was a Flower-class corvette built for the Royal Navy during the Second World War and was in service in the Battle of the Atlantic.In 1942 she was transferred to the United States Navy as part of the reverse Lend Lease arrangement and renamed USS Ready one of the Temptress-class gunboats.With the end of hostilities she was returned to the Royal Navy and sold into merchantile service.
 The Bates Monoplane was a pioneering aircraft built by Carl Sterling Bates in 1911.
 USCGC Point Comfort (WPB-82317) was an 82-foot (25 m) Point class cutter constructed at the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay Maryland in 1961 for use as a law enforcement and search and rescue patrol boat. Since the Coast Guard policy in 1961 was not to name cutters under 100-foot (30 m) in length it was designated as WPB-82317 when commissioned and acquired the name Point Comfort in January 1964 when the Coast Guard started naming all cutters longer than 65-foot (20 m).
 USS DeLong (DE-684) was a Rudderow-class destroyer escort built at Quincy Massachusetts was launched on 23 November 1943 and was commissioned on 31 December 1943 Lt. Comdr. R.C. Houston in command. It was named after Weldon Fader DeLong who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for his action at Guadalcanal.During World War II DeLong served primarily as a training ship for officers and men that were about to embark on ships assigned to anti-submarine warfare (ASW) duties.
 The Airspeed AS.51 Horsa was a British World War II troop-carrying glider built by Airspeed Limited and subcontractors and used for air assault by British and Allied armed forces. It was named after Horsa the legendary 5th century conqueror of southern Britain.
 The Midland Railway experimented with electrification on its Heysham–Morecambe–Lancaster line in Lancashire England. Electric trains started to run over this route in 1908 using the overhead 6.6 kV 25 Hz AC electric supply installed and generated at the MR's own power station in Heysham.The electric multiple units consisted of three driving motor coaches and six driving trailer coaches. Since the DM cars had a cab at each end this allowed trains of one two or three cars to be formed.
 The Avro 528 was an unsuccessful large span single-engined biplane built to an Admiralty contract in 1916. It carried a crew of two; only one was built.
 SpaceShipOne is a suborbital air-launched spaceplane that completed the first manned private spaceflight in 2004. That same year it won the US$10 million Ansari X Prize and was immediately retired from active service. Its mother ship was named White Knight. Both craft were developed and flown by Mojave Aerospace Ventures which was a joint venture between Paul Allen and Scaled Composites Burt Rutan's aviation company.
 The MV MV Lake Illawarra was a Handysize bulk carrier of 7274 tons in the service of the Australian National Line shipping company. This ship is known for causing the Tasman Bridge disaster when it collided with pylon 19 of Hobart's giant high concrete arch style Tasman Bridge on the evening of 5 January 1975 at 9.27pm. causing the deaths of 12 people.
 USS White Marsh (LSD-8) was an Ashland-class dock landing ship of the United States Navy named in honor of White Marsh the birthplace of Dr. Walter Reed (1851–1902) in Gloucester County Virginia. White Marsh was laid down on 7 April 1943 at Oakland California by the Moore Dry Dock Company; launched on 19 July 1943 sponsored by Mrs. William C. Wise the wife of Col. Wise USMC; and commissioned on 29 January 1944 Commander George H. Eppelman USNR in command.
 The Phoenix is a ship built by Hjorne & Jakobsen at Frederikshavn Denmark in 1929 originally as an Evangelical Mission Schooner.
 PZL.53 Jastrząb II (Hawk) was a project of Polish pre-war fighter aircraft developed from PZL.50 Jastrząb and designed by Wsiewołod Jakimiuk of the PZL works. A single-seat low-wing monoplane was to serve as a multi-purpose fighter and escort and reinforcement for PZL.50 Jastrząb in the Polish Air Force.Initial design was prepared in 1939 and was based on PZL.50 Jastrząb but aircraft had greater bomb load (300 kg compared to 100 kg in PZL.50) and two additional 20 mm guns.
 The first USS Downes (DD-45) was a Cassin-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War I. She was later transferred to the United States Coast Guard where she was designated CG-4. She was named for Captain John Downes.
 The SET XV was a fighter aircraft developed in Romania in the mid-1930s. It was a conventional single-bay biplane with staggered wings of unequal span braced by N-struts. It was fitted with fixed tailwheel undercarriage with spatted mainwheels. The cockpit was fully enclosed and the engine was fitted with a NACA cowl. Construction throughout was fabric-covered metal. The SET XV was developed to compete for a Romanian Air Force contract for a new fighter.
 The RP-210 was a streamlined 1000 hp (750 kW) locomotive built in 1956 by Baldwin-Lima-Hamilton specifically to operate with the lightweight all aluminum Train-X train produced by Pullman Car Company.
 The Mil Mi-20 was a small multipurpose transport helicopter built to replace the Mil Mi-1 in the mid-1960s. The helicopter was built for many roles including transport cargo agricultural training and even light armed escort or gunship roles. In gunship role it could carry Falanga or Malyutka anti-tank rockets on four to six outboard pylons or two UB-16-57 rocket pods.
 The Northrop Grumman MQ-8 Fire Scout is an unmanned autonomous helicopter developed by Northrop Grumman for use by the United States Armed Forces. The Fire Scout is designed to provide reconnaissance situational awareness aerial fire support and precision targeting support for ground air and sea forces. The initial RQ-8A version was based on the Schweizer 330 while the enhanced MQ-8B was derived from the Schweizer 333. The larger MQ-8C variant is based on the Bell 407.
 The eight F122 Bremen-class frigates of the German Navy were commissioned between 1982 and 1990. The design is similar to the Dutch Kortenaer class but uses a different hull and propulsion system. The ships were built for anti-submarine warfare as a primary task even though they are not fitted with towed array sonars.
 USS Western Light (ID-3300) was a cargo ship of the United States Navy that served during World War I and its immediate aftermath.`
 The Bell R-12 (Model 48) re-designated as the Bell H-12 was an American 1940s military utility helicopter built by Bell Helicopter company.
 USS Mimosa (AN-26/YN-21) was an Aloe-class net laying ship which was assigned to serve the U.S. Navy during World War II with her protective anti-submarine nets.
 M/T Irene SL is a Greek-owned and -operated VLCC (Very Large Crude Carrier) or supertanker. It was pirated presumably by Somali pirates on February 9 2011 approximately 350 miles Southeast of Muscat Oman in the Arabian Sea.Built in 2004 the Irene SL has a gross tonnage of 161175 GT with a displacement of 319247 DWT. It is 330 metres (1080 ft) long has a beam of 60 metres (200 ft) and a draft of 22.5 metres (74 ft). The vessel has a single deck and is double-hulled.
 The Shackleton-Murray SM.1 was a single-engined two-seat light aircraft designed in Britain and flying in 1933. It was a pusher driven parasol winged monoplane. Only one was built.
 The Bernard SIMB AB 12 was a French single engine single-seat monoplane fighter aircraft built in the 1920s. Though advanced for its time it failed to gain a production order and only one was built.
 HMS Raisonnable (sometimes spelt Raisonable) was a 64-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy named after the ship of the same name captured from the French in 1758. She was built at Chatham Dockyard launched on 10 December 1768 and commissioned on 17 November 1770 under the command of Captain Maurice Suckling Horatio Nelson's uncle. Raisonnable was built to the same lines as HMS Ardent and was one of the seven ships forming the Ardent-class of 1761.
 HMS Advice was a 10-gun cutter that the Royal Navy purchased in 1779. She was wrecked in 1793.
 HMS Challenger was a unique vessel in Royal Navy service purpose built to support deep sea operations and saturation diving. Built by Scotts at Greenock the ship was launched on 19 May 1981 but not commissioned until 1984 during a time when the Royal Navy was cutting back on expenditure. The consequence was that the £80m Challenger was seen as an extravagance that the Admiralty could not afford.
 The MS St. Louis was a German ocean liner most notable for a single voyage in 1939 in which her captain Gustav Schröder tried to find homes for 937 German Jewish refugees after they were denied entry to Cuba the United States and Canada until finally accepted to various countries of Europe. Historians have estimated that after their return to Europe approximately a quarter of the ship's passengers died in concentration camps.
 The Honda CT110 is a small motorcycle manufactured by Honda from 1980 to the present day and sold in various parts of the world. This bike has sold well worldwide and has a faithful following to this day. The CT110 replaced the CT90 which was essentially the same machine. The CT110 in its classic form is a 105cc 4-stroke air-cooled single cylinder engine with a four-speed transmission and an automatic clutch.
 USS Bootes (AK-99) was a Crater-class cargo ship commissioned by the U.S. Navy for service in World War II named after the constellation Boötes. She was responsible for delivering troops goods and equipment to locations in the war zone. SS Thomas Oliver Larkin was laid down on 24 April 1943 at Wilmington California by the California Shipbuilding Corp. under a Maritime Commission contract (MCE hull 1656); launched on 16 May 1943; sponsored by Mrs. H.
 The Tornado was a 2100-ton and maneuverable at 13 knots bark-rigged screw steam cruiser of the Spanish Navy first launched at Clydebank Scotland in 1863 as the Confederate raider CSS Texas. She is most famous for having captured the North American filibustering ship Virginius which led to the Virginius Affair and to the Spanish-American Crisis of 1873.
 The Sunbeam 1000 HP Mystery or The Slug is a land speed record-breaking car built by the Sunbeam car company of Wolverhampton that was powered by two aircraft engines. It was the first car to travel at over 200 mph. The car's last run was a demonstration circuit at Brooklands running at slow speed on only one engine. It is today on display at the Heritage Motor Center at Gaydon having been presented to the National Motor Museum by Sunbeam in 1958.
 The Myoko Maru was a 4103 gross ton cargo ship built by Mitsubishi Jukogyo Kabushiki Kaisha Yokohama for Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha in 1939. She was transferred to Toa Kaiun Kabushiki Kaisha in 1939 and was requisitioned in 1941 by the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II.
 The Ling-Temco-Vought (LTV) XC-142 is a tiltwing experimental aircraft designed to investigate the operational suitability of vertical/short takeoff and landing transports. An XC-142A first flew conventionally on 29 September 1964 and on 11 January 1965 it completed its first transitional flight by taking off vertically changing to forward flight and finally landing vertically.
 Airwolf is the helicopter from the 1980s American eponymous television series. Its fictional features included stratospheric ceiling stealth noise signature a wide range of weapons and even supersonic speed. Airwolf was in fact a conventional Bell 222 helicopter modified by attaching some film props.
 Honda marketed the CB700SC (also called Nighthawk 700S) in the US from 1984 to 1986 configuring the bike's specification to avoid a 1983 US tariff on motorcycles over 700 cubic centimeters.Honda marketed the CB750SC a virtually identical bike with a slightly larger engine capacity outside the US. A very closely related cousin was chain driven sold in Europe Australia and Brazil. It continued in production in Brazil for many years.
 German submarine U-200 was a Type IXD2 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.The submarine was laid down on 3 November 1941 at the AG Weser yard at Bremen as 'werk' 1046 launched on 10 August 1942 and commissioned on 22 December 1942 under the command of Korvettenkapitän Heinrich Schonder.
 Destriero is a 67-metre (220 ft) long 13-metre (43 ft) wide 400-ton displacement 60000-horsepower (45000 kW) yacht built by Fincantieri in 1991.
 SS Traffic was a baggage tender of the White Star Line built in 1872 by Harland and Wolff in Belfast. She was based at the Port of Liverpool and maintained a 24-year career with White Star. Traffic briefly served as a cargo vessel but soon returned to tendering service.In 1896 Traffic was sold to the Liverpool Lighterage Co. where she served for fifty-nine years in reliable service. She was broken up at Tranmere in 1955 at an age of eighty-two years.
 The Krasniye Kryl'ya Deltacraft MD-40 (English: Redwings DeltaCraft) is a Russian ultralight trike designed and produced by Krasniye Kryl'ya of Taganrog. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 The Audi Type B was introduced in 1910 as a successor to the Audi Type A there was an overall 360 of the Type B built. It used a four-cylinder two-block inline engine with 2.6 Litres of displacement. It developed 28 PS (21 kW; 28 hp) through a four-speed countershaft gearbox and a propeller shaft which drove the rear wheels. The car had a ladder frame and two leaf-sprung solid axles.
 The EMD BL2 is a four-axle B-B road switcher built by General Motors Electro-Motive Division (EMD). Often considered the Ugly Duckling of diesel offerings from EMD the BL2 set the stage for the company's widely successful GP series of locomotives.
 The first USS Lloyd Thomas (DE-312) was a United States Navy Evarts-class destroyer escort proposed during World War II but never completed.Lloyd Thomas was laid down at Mare Island Navy Yard at Vallejo California on 23 August 1943. Her construction was cancelled on 13 March 1944.The name Lloyd Thomas was reassigned to destroyer escort Lloyd Thomas (DE-374).
 HMS Ardent was a wooden Alecto-class paddle sloop and the fourth ship of the Royal Navy to use the name. She was launched on 12 February 1841 at Chatham and spent much of her career on the West Coast of Africa engaged in anti-slavery operations. One of the ship's company Gunner John Robarts was awarded the Victoria Cross for the destruction of Russian food stores in the Crimean War. She was scrapped in 1865.
 HNLMS Stier was a Schorpioen-class monitor built in England for the Royal Netherlands Navy in the 1860s.
 German submarine U-297 was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She was laid down on 27 January 1943 by the Bremer Vulkan Werft (yard) at Bremen-Vegesack as 'werk' 62 launched on 9 October 1943 and commissioned on 17 November with Oberleutnant zur See Wolfgang Aldermann in command.In one patrol she did not sink or damage any ships.She was sunk by a British aircraft in December 1944.Fifty men died; there were no survivors.
 HMS Archer was an Archer-class torpedo cruiser of the Royal Navy. Archer was laid down in 1885 and came into service on 11 December 1888. She served on the Australia Station from 7 September 1900 until 5 December 1903. She was decommissioned in 1905 and sold in April 1905 for £4800 to Forrester Swansea for scrap.
 SS Dronning Maud was a 1489 ton steel-hulled steamship built in 1925 by the Norwegian shipyard Fredrikstad Mekaniske Verksted in Fredrikstad. Dronning Maud was ordered by the Trondheim-based company Det Nordenfjeldske Dampskipsselskap for the passenger and freight service Hurtigruten along the coast of Norway. She served this route as the company flagship until she was sunk under controversial circumstances during the 1940 Norwegian Campaign.
 USS Flagstaff (PGH-1) was the only Flagstaff-class patrol gunboat (hydrofoil) and was acquired by the United States Navy because of her relatively low cost and very high speed. She was later loaned by the Navy to the U.S. Coast Guard as USCGC Flagstaff (WPBH-1). The Coast Guard’s interest in the craft was the craft’s speed and its ability to interdict smugglers and other suspicious craft approaching the U.S. coast.
 MV Juno was a passenger and vehicle ferry operated by Caledonian MacBrayne. The middle of three vessels nicknamed streakers she served on the Firth of Clyde Scotland between 1974 and 2007. Juno left service in early 2007 and was laid up at Rosneath for 4 years. On 18 May 2011 she was beached there for scrapping and was gone by the end of July.
 The Grumman XP-50 was a land-based development of the shipboard XF5F-1 Skyrocket fighter entered into a USAAC contest for a twin-engine heavy interceptor aircraft. The Army Air Corps placed an order for a prototype on 25 November 1939 designating it XP-50 but it lost the competition to the Lockheed XP-49.
 HMS Aurora was an Arethusa-class light cruiser of the Royal Navy. She was built by Portsmouth Dockyard with the keel being laid down on the 27 July 1935. She was launched on the 20 August 1936 and commissioned 12 November 1937.
 The OC class built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works for the Wellington and Manawatu Railway (WMR) in New Zealand consists of a solitary steam locomotive. Ordered in 1896 as an externally similar but more powerful version of the OA class locomotive ordered in 1894 it entered service in June 1897 as No. 16. It was a Vauclain compound locomotive.
 USS Susanne (SP-832) was the proposed name and designation for a motorboat that the United States Navy inspected for possible naval service in 1917 but never acquired or commissioned.Susanne was built as a private motorboat by the Matthews Boat Company at Port Clinton Ohio. Either just prior to the entry of the United States into World War I in April 1917 or shortly afterwards she was examined for possible U.S. Navy service and given the section patrol registry number SP-832.
 The Mendoza class were a group of destroyers built in Britain for the Argentine Navy in the 1920s. They were the first part of the Argentine re-armament programme of the 1920s
 HMS Dover Prize was a 32-gun fifth rate of the Royal Navy.She was previously the French frigate La Legere carrying between 20 and 24 guns. She was captured in 1693 by HMS Dover carrying 48 guns and taken into the Royal Navy under the name Dover Prize. She was then refitted with 32 guns and remained in the Navy until 1698 when she was sold.
 USS Leonard F. Mason (DD-852) was a Gearing-class destroyer in the United States Navy She was named for Private First Class Leonard F. Mason USMC (1920–1944) who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroism during the Battle of Guam.Leonard F. Mason was laid down on 2 May 1945 by Bethlehem Steel Co.'s Fore River Shipyard Quincy Massachusetts; launched on 4 January 1946; sponsored by Mrs. Hillary Mason mother of PFC Mason; and commissioned on 28 June 1946 Commander S. D. B.
 HMS Espoir was a Cruizer-class brig-sloop of the Royal Navy launched in 1804. She served during the Napoleonic Wars primarily in the Mediterranean and then briefly on the North American station. She was broken up in April 1821.
 The Briegleb BG-6 was a 1930s single-seat glider designed by William G. Briegleb to be both factory and homebuilt.
 USS Joy (SP-643) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1918.Joy was built as a private motor yacht of the same name by B. F. Wood at City Island in the Bronx New York in 1905. In June 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired her from her owners T. M. Jones and P. C. Kauffman of Newport Rhode Island for use as a section patrol boat during World War I. She was commissioned as USS Joy (SP-643) in 1917.
 USS Alloway (1918) was a cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy for transporting war materials in the Atlantic Ocean during World War I. Shintaka a screw steamer built in 1918 at Oakland California by Moore & Scott was acquired by the Navy on 11 July 1918 renamed Alloway (ID No. 3139) and commissioned at San Francisco California on 12 July 1918. She was returned to the United States Shipping Board on 3 March 1919.
 USS Philippine Sea (CG-58) is a Flight II Ticonderoga-class guided missile cruiser on active service in the United States Navy. She is named for the Battle of the Philippine Sea during World War II and is the second ship to bear the name. She has completed multiple deployments as part of Operation Enduring Freedom since 2001.
 The Humbert Tétras (English:Grouse) is a French two seat ultralight with a single engine and high wing. Available as a kit or complete aircraft it has been in production since 1994.
 USS Prince William (CVE-31) (originally AVG-31 later ACV-31) ex-MC Hull 242 was laid down by the Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Corporation of Tacoma Washington 18 May 1942 as AVG-31; redesignated ACV-31 on 20 August 1942; launched 23 August 1942; sponsored by Mrs. Paul Foley; and commissioned 9 April 1943 Captain Herbert E. Regan in command.
 The Hollandsche Vliegtuigenfabriek Avia was a two seat biplane designed and displayed in the Netherlands in 1918. It was advertised as a fighter or as a post and passenger aircraft. Its first flight has not been confirmed.
 USS Saturn (AK-49) was a German cargo ship built in 1939 as ES Arauca. (ES stands for Electroschiff meaning German: electric ship.) In 1941 before the US entered World War II US authorities seized her and started converting her into a United States Navy stores ship. She was the sole ship of the US Navy's Saturn class. She was laid up in 1946 and scrapped in 1972.Arauca was built for trade between Germany and the Caribbean and was named accordingly.
 The Brochocki BKB-1 was a Canadian mid-wing single-seat experimental tailless glider that was designed and constructed by Stefan Brochocki with assistance from Witold Kasper and A. Bodek. The designation indicated the contributions of all three men. The aircraft was intended to study flight above the stall angle.
 The Chevrolet and GMC B-Series was a Class 7 medium duty cowled chassis produced by General Motors for the school bus industry. The B-Series was introduced for the 1966 model year. Production of the B-Series ended in 2003; after 1992 it was exclusively bodied by the Blue Bird Corporation.
 The Akizuki-class destroyer is a destroyer class of the JMSDF - four ships are planned. This class is designed to escort the JMSDF's 4 larger Kongō-class destroyers which are tasked with protecting Japan against a North Korean ballistic missile attack. This class used to be designated 19DD - referring to a date on the Japanese calendar specifically the 19th fiscal year of the Heisei period (2007).
 Väinämöinen was a Finnish coastal defence ship the sister ship of the Finnish Navy's flagship Ilmarinen and also the first ship of her class. She was built at the Crichton-Vulcan shipyard in Turku and was launched in 1932. Väinämöinen as well as Ilmarinen were planned to be mobile coastal fortresses for the defence of the Finnish demilitarized islands at Åland in particular. The two ships were not suited for operations on the open sea.
 The Kawasaki Ki-10 (九五式戦闘機 Kyūgo-shiki sentōki Army Type 95 Fighter) was the last biplane fighter used by the Imperial Japanese Army entering service in 1935. Built by Kawasaki Kōkūki Kōgyō KK for the Imperial Japanese Army it saw combat service in Manchukuo and in north China during the early stages of the Second Sino-Japanese War. Its reporting name given by the Allies was Perry.
 The Formidable-class multi-role stealth frigates are the latest surface platforms to enter into service with the Republic of Singapore Navy and are multi-mission derivatives of the French Navy’s La Fayette class frigate. The frigates are key information nodes and fighting units and are described as by far the most advanced surface combatants in Southeast Asia. The six ships form the 185 Squadron of the RSN.
 The second generation BMW 1 Series range comprises three-door hatchback (model code F21) and five-door hatchback (F20) models. Like its E87 predecessor it uses a longitudinally-mounted engine aluminum multi-link suspension and a rear-wheel drive chassis (however some models are available with all-wheel drive).Transmission options are a six-speed manual or an eight-speed ZF 8HP automatic.
 The Pilatus PC-21 is a single-turboprop low wing swept monoplane advanced trainer with a stepped tandem cockpit manufactured by Pilatus Aircraft of Switzerland.
 TSS Slieve Donard was a steam turbine passenger and cargo vessel operated by the London and North Western Railway from 1921 to 1923 and the London Midland and Scottish Railway from 1923 to 1948.
 The Gyro-Kopp-Ters Midnight Hawk is an American autogyro designed by Bob and Arden Kopp and produced by their company Gyro-Kopp-Ters of Lake City Florida. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 The MS Pride of Telemark was a ferry which previously sailed between Dover and Calais for P&O Ferries and Stena Line.
 The CCGS Limnos is a Canadian Coast Guard Coastal Research & Survey vessel.The Limnos gets its name from the word limnology which is the division of hydrology that studies inland waters including their biological physical chemical geological and hydrological aspects.This vessel performs various scientific surveys throughout the Great Lakes. She has served on joint missions on the Great Lakes with vessels from the United States Environmental Protection Agency.
 The Percival Vega Gull was a 1930s British four-seater touring aircraft built by Percival Aircraft Limited. It was a single-engine low-wing (Folding) wood-and-fabric monoplane with a fixed tailwheel undercarriage.
 USS Blue Ridge (LCC-19) is the lead ship of the two Blue Ridge–class command ships of the U.S. Navy and is the command ship of the United States Seventh Fleet. Her primary role is to provide command control communications computers and intelligence (C4I) support to the commander and staff of the United States Seventh Fleet.
 The Inlander was a sternwheeler that worked on the Skeena River in British Columbia Canada from 1910 until 1912.
 USS West Carnifax (ID-3812) was a cargo ship in the United States Navy shortly after World War I. After she was decommissioned from the Navy the ship was known as SS West Carnifax SS Exford and SS Pan Royal (or sometimes Pan-Royal) in civilian service under American registry.West Carnifax was one of the West boats a series of steel-hulled cargo ships built for the United States Shipping Board (USSB) on the West Coast of the United States.
 The London Brighton and South Coast Railway C2 class was a class of 0-6-0 steam locomotives intended for heavy freight trains. Fifty-five were built by the Vulcan Foundry between 1893 and 1902 to the design of Robert J. Billinton. Forty-five of these were later rebuilt between 1908 and 1940 with a larger boiler as the C2X class.
 The BSA Super Rocket was a Birmingham Small Arms Company (BSA) motorcycle that was a development of the BSA Road Rocket. The A10Template:What? had a reputation for reliability but was struggling to compete against the Triumph engines and the Norton Featherbed frames.
 The Huszár class was a class of destroyers built for the Austro-Hungarian Navy before the First World War. They were built to a design by the British shipbuilder Yarrow Shipbuilders who built the first ship with a further 11 ships being built in Austrian and Hungarian yards between 1905 and 1909. A replacement ship was built when the lead ship was lost in an accident in 1908 and another ship of similar design building for the Chinese navy was seized on the outbreak of the First World War.
 The Levasseur PL.6 was a two-seat fighter aircraft built in France in 1926 in order to meet an Aéronautique Militaire requirement for a new aircraft of this type designated C2 (for Chasseur - fighter 2 seat). Constructed along the same lines as Levasseur's naval aircraft of the same era it was a conventional single-bay biplane with seating for the pilot and tail gunner in separate open cockpits.
 The Aero Engineers Australia (AEA) Maverick is a single-seat sportsplane of conventional configuration. Constructed largely of composite materials it is powered by a 75 kW (100 hp) Continental O-200A engine and is capable of manoeuvres with loads of up to +6 or -3 g. Only one aircraft had been built which first flew in December 1987.
 The California Car is the first generation of Superliner derived bi-level intercity railcars owned by the California Department of Transportation (Caltrans) and operated by Amtrak under the Amtrak California brand on intercity corridor routes in Northern and Central California. The cars were built in the mid-1990s for the Caltrans Division of Rail by Morrison-Knudsen.
 ARA Espora (P-41) is the lead ship of the MEKO 140A16 Espora class of six corvettes built for the Argentine Navy. Commissioned in 1985 she is used for fishery patrol. She is homeported at Puerto Belgrano Naval Base and is part of the Navy's 2nd Corvette Division with her five sister ships.The ship is the sixth ship to bear the name of Colonel (Navy) Tomás Espora who fought in the Argentine Navy during the Cisplatine War.
 Lady Alexandra was a steamship built in 1924 in Montrose Scotland which served in British Columbia from 1924 to 1952 mostly on Howe Sound.
 The Fly Synthesis Syncho is an Italian ultralight and light-sport aircraft designed and produced by Fly Synthesis introduced at the Aero show held in Friedrichshafen in 2009. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 HMS Sheffield was one of the Southampton sub class of the Town-class cruisers of the Royal Navy during the Second World War. She took part in actions against several major German warships. Unlike most Royal Navy ships of her time her fittings were constructed from stainless steel instead of the more traditional brass. This was an attempt to reduce the amount of cleaning required on the part of the crew. Her nickname the Shiny Sheff stemmed from this.
 The Seibu 30000 series (西武30000系) is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by the private railway operator Seibu Railway on commuter services in the Tokyo area of Japan since April 2008 replacing older 3-door 101 series and 301 series sets. It is nicknamed the Smile Train.
 HMS Vittoria was a British destroyer of the Admiralty V-class.
 Oktyabrskaya Revolyutsiya class motorship is a class of Russian river passenger ships. It is named after the October Revolution.Three-deck cargo-passenger ships built in Czechoslovakia 1957—1962.
 USS Awatobi (YTB-264) was a harbor tugboat acquired by the U.S. Navy during the close of World War II. She was outfitted with two .50-caliber machine guns and assigned to the San Francisco Bay area where she provided tug services and other harbor services as required.
 What would have been the first USS Metomkin (AVP-47) was a proposed United States Navy seaplane tender that was never laid down.
 The Amiral Charner class was a type of armoured cruiser of the French Navy which saw service during the First World War.
 HMS Ethalion was a 38-gun Artois-class fifth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy. She was built by Joseph Graham of Harwich and launched on 14 March 1797. In her brief career before she was wrecked in 1799 on the Welsh coast she participated in a major battle and in the capture of two privateers and a rich prize.
 The Princess Charlotte-class ships of the line were a class of two 104-gun first rates of the Royal Navy. They were built to an enlarged version of the lines of Sir Thomas Slade's Victory.
 The Tralee and Dingle Light Railway (TDLR) locomotives 1 2 3 6 and 8 were 2-6-0T locomotives manufactured by the Hunslet Engine Company of Leeds England between 1889 and 1910.The Tralee and Dingle Light Railway was incorporated in 1888. Its construction began soon afterwards and the line opened on 31 March 1891. The first three locomotives arrived from Hunslet Engine Company in 1889 and were used in the construction work.
 INS Malpe an Indian Naval minesweeper named after a port in Malabar coast Malpe. She remained in service until decommissioned at Naval Base Kochi on 4 December 2006.
 German submarine U-710 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.Ordered 15 August 1940 she was laid down 4 June 1941 and launched 12 May 1942. She had a relatively brief career from 2 September 1942 till 1 April 1943 as part of a training flotilla then on active service from 1 April 1943 till 24 April 1943. During this time she was commanded by Oblt.z.S. Dietrich von Carlowitz.
 SMS Leopard was an auxiliary cruiser of the Imperial German Navy intended for use as a commerce raider. She was intercepted attempting to break out into the Atlantic and was sunk with all hands in a fierce gun battle with British warships.
 SS Orizaba (or ES Orizaba with ES standing for Electroschiff German: electric ship) was a Hamburg America Line (HAPAG) cargo ship that was built in Hamburg 1939 and wrecked off northern Norway in 1940.Orizaba was built for trade between Germany and the Caribbean and was named accordingly. Orizaba is a city in the Mexican province of Veracruz on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico.
 The Curtiss-Wright XF-87 Blackhawk (previously designated the XP-87) was a prototype American all-weather jet fighter interceptor and the company's last aircraft project. Designed as a replacement for the World War II-era propeller-driven P-61 Black Widow night/interceptor aircraft the XF-87 lost in government procurement competition to the Northrop F-89 Scorpion.
 The Émile Bertin was a French fast light cruiser named after Louis-Émile Bertin a 19th-century naval architect. She was designed to operate both as a minelayer and as a destroyer flotilla leader. The design was the basis for later light and heavy French cruisers particularly the slightly larger La Galissonnière class of cruisers. This was the first French warship to use triple mountings.
 HMIS Rohilkhand (J180) was a Bangor class minesweeper which served in the Royal Indian Navy (RIN) during World War II.
 The Rajshree class inshore patrol vessels are a series of eight ships being built by Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers (GRSE) Kolkata for the Indian Coast Guard.
 The BSA Lightning Rocket was a Birmingham Small Arms Company (BSA) motorcycle made in Birmingham. A highly tuned version of the BSA A65R Rocket this was BSA's bid to capture the potentially lucrative USA export market in the mid-1960s. Twin Amal 389/206 carburettors and high compression pistons combined with an optional close ratio gear box to give lively acceleration.Sharing many A65 cycle parts the Lightning Rocket had a slimmer fuel tank and mudguards - with extra chrome.
 The HAL HJT-16 Kiran (Ray of Light) is an Indian two-seat basic jet trainer built by Hindustan Aeronautics. Used by the Indian Air Force for intermediate training for pilots trained on the HPT-32 Deepak. It is used by the Indian Air Force aerobatic team Surya Kiran and Indian naval aerobatic team Sagar Pawans.
 The New Zealand WF class were steam locomotives designed built and used by New Zealand Railways Department. Their wheel arrangement is described by the Whyte notation 2-6-4T and the first members of the class entered service in 1904. The locomotives were tank engines designed by the Railways Department's Chief Mechanical Engineer A. L. Beattie and were mainly built for suburban duties such as those between Christchurch and Lyttelton.
 The N-I or N-1 was a derivative of the American Delta rocket produced under licence in Japan. It used a Thor-ELT first stage a Mitsubishi Heavy Industries-designed LE-3 engine was used as a second stage and three Castor SRMs. Seven were launched between 1975 and 1982 before it was replaced by the N-II.
 The Ilyushin Il-102 was an experimental jet-powered ground-attack aircraft designed by Ilyushin. This aircraft was never chosen for production being surpassed by the Su-25 and only a few development prototypes were built.
 MS Giulio Cesare was a luxurious ocean liner built for the Italian Line. She was a sister ship to MS Augustus that was launched in the same year. She was built for the South America service like her sister. These two ships' specification and design were very similar.During World War II the Italian Line had lost a large portion of its fleet including the ocean liner SS Rex. The surviving ships were refitted and repaired and returned to passenger service after the war was over.
 The MSC Carouge is a container ship built in 2007 by the Daewoo Mangalia Heavy Industries in Mangalia Romania and currently operated by Mediterranean Shipping Company S.A.. She is the third ship delivered to the Swiss company in a series of 12 ordered.The 54549 DWT ship has a container capacity of 4860 TEU's.
 CSS Richmond an ironclad ram was built at Gosport (Norfolk) Navy Yard to the design of John L. Porter with money and scrap iron collected by the citizens of Virginia whose imagination had been captured by the ironclad CSS Virginia. Consequently she was sometimes referred to as Virginia II Virginia No. 2 or Young Virginia in the South and as Merrimack No.
 Also see MS Gemini which was named the SuperStar Gemini from 1995 to 2008.MS SuperStar Gemini is a cruise ship owned and operated by Star Cruises. She was built in 1992 by the Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard in St. Nazaire France as MS Dreamward for traffic with Norwegian Cruise Line. In 1998 she was lengthened at Lloyd Werft in Bremerhaven Germany and renamed as the Norwegian Dream. In late 2012 she was transferred to the fleet of Star Cruises and renamed SuperStar Gemini.
 The Bronzewing-class harbour tug was a class of four tugs constructed for the Royal Australian Navy. HTS 503 was given to Papua New Guinea in 1974. They were constructed by Stanard Bros Sydney except for HTS Mollymawk (504) that was constructed by Perris Engineering Brisbane.Bronzewing (HTS 501)Currawong (HTS 502)HTS 503Mollymawk (HTS 504)↑ ↑
 The AEM-7 is a twin-cab B-B electric locomotive that is used in the United States on the Northeast Corridor between Washington DC and Boston and the Keystone Corridor between Philadelphia and Harrisburg in Pennsylvania. They were built by Electro-Motive Division from 1978 to 1988.
 HNLMS Hertog Hendrik (Dutch: Hr.Ms. Hertog Hendrik) was a Koningin Regentes-class coastal defence ship (pantserschip) of the Royal Netherlands Navy. The ship was built at the Rijkswerf in Amsterdam at the start of the twentieth century. She was the first ship in the Dutch navy to be equipped with wireless communication. The ship took part in two expeditions to South Celebes and during the Spanish Civil War she performed convoy duties.
 MV Macdhui was a 4480 ton passenger and cargo motor vessel. She was built by Barclay Curle & Company Whiteinch Scotland for Burns Philp & Co and launched on 23 December 1930. She was sunk during the Japanese air raid on Port Moresby on 18 June 1942 during World War II.
 The Ford Ka is a city car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company from 1996 to present. It entered its second generation in 2008 and is produced by Fiat in Tychy Poland. In both generations it has a three-door hatchback body style with the first generation also having a three-door convertible version that was marketed as the StreetKa and a sportier version known as the SportKa.
 The Norland was a P&O roll-on/roll-off ferry operating between Kingston upon Hull in Yorkshire UK and Rotterdam Europoort Netherlands and then Zeebrugge Belgium. The 27000 tonne ferry was built in 1974 by AG Weser Bremerhaven for Dutch North Sea Ferries partners Noordzee Veerdiensten N.V. Sistership MV Norstar sailed under Dutch flag and Norland under British flag and with (mainly) British crew. The ship transferred to P&O North Sea Ferries in 1996.
 The Security Airster S-1 is an American two-seat single-engined monoplane designed by Bert Kinner and built by his Security National Aircraft Corporation later named the American Aircraft Corporation.
 USS Galveston (C-17/PG-31/CL-19) was a Denver-class protected cruiser in the United States Navy during World War I. She was the first Navy ship named for the city of Galveston Texas.Galveston was laid down 19 January 1901 by William R. Trigg Company Richmond Virginia; launched 23 July 1903; sponsored by Miss Ella Sealey; and commissioned at Norfolk Virginia 15 February 1905 Commander William Gifford Cutler in command.
 The Brazilian ironclad Barroso was an armoured gunboat built for the Brazilian Navy during the Paraguayan War in the mid-1860s. Barroso bombarded Paraguayan fortifications in 1866 and 1867 a number of times before she participated in the Passagem de Humaitá in February 1868. Afterwards the ship provided fire support for the army for the rest of the war. She was assigned to the Mato Grosso Flotilla after the war. Barroso was decommissioned in 1882 but was not scrapped until 1937.
 The Caledonian Railway 721 Class (known as the Dunalastair class) was a class of 4-4-0 steam locomotives designed by John F. McIntosh for the Caledonian Railway (CR) and introduced in 1896. All survived to be absorbed by the London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) in 1923 and a few survived into British Railways (BR) ownership in 1948.
 The Airtrike Eagle 5 is a German ultralight trike designed and produced by Airtrike of Berlin. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 The Aero A.104 was a parasol monoplane light bomber and reconnaissance aircraft built in Czechoslovakia during the 1930s. It was the final derivative of the Aero A.100 and was essentially an Aero Ab.101 with an enclosed cockpit and without the lower wing. Although two different prototypes flew in 1937 it was not mass produced.
 The USS Aubrey Fitch (FFG-34) the twenty-sixth ship of the Oliver Hazard Perry class of guided-missile frigates was named for Vice-Admiral Aubrey Fitch (1883–1978) who was noted for his outstanding command work in the South Pacific during World War II. Ordered on 23 January 1978 as a part of the FY-1978 program the Aubrey Fitch was laid down on 10 April 1981 at the Bath Iron Works Bath Maine. She was launched on 17 October 1981—sponsored by Mrs.
 Skylab II is a space station concept proposed by the Advanced Concepts Office of NASA Marshall Space Flight Center to be located at the Earth-Moon L2 Lagrangian point. Proposed by NASA contractor Brand Griffin Skylab II would be constructed as a dry workshop using the upper-stage hydrogen fuel tank from the Space Launch System (SLS) much as the original Skylab was built from the fuel tanks of the Saturn S-IVB upper stage.
 The Consolidated P-30 (PB-2) was a 1930s United States two-seat fighter aircraft. An attack version called the A-11 was also built along with two Y1P-25 prototypes and YP-27 Y1P-28 and XP-33 proposals. The P-30 is significant for being the first fighter in United States Army Air Corps service to have retractable landing gear an enclosed and heated cockpit for the pilot and an exhaust-driven turbosupercharger for altitude operation.
 The Martin BM was a 1930s American torpedo-bomber built by the Glenn L. Martin Company for the United States Navy.
 USS Elmer Montgomery (FF-1082) was a Knox class frigate built for the United States Navy by Avondale Shipyard Westwego Louisiana. She was laid down 23 January 1970 launched 21 November 1970 and purchased 14 October 1971. She was commissioned 30 October 1971 decommissioned 30 June 1993 and struck 30 June 1993. Disposed of through the Security Assistance Program (SAP) transferred (Foreign Assistance Act (FAA) Section 516 Southern Region Amendment) to Turkey 13 December 1993.
 The I.Ae. 27 Pulqui I was an Argentine jet fighter designed at the Instituto Aerotecnico (AeroTechnical Institute) in 1946. Only one prototype was completed; unsatisfactory performance led to the aircraft being superseded by a later design.
 The Royalist (not to be confused with many Royal Navy ships of the same name) was a 142-ton topsail schooner comparable with HMS Pickle which had brought the news of the Battle of Trafalgar home. She was probably built in Cowes in 1834 as a gentleman's yacht for Rev T.L. Lane but purchased by James Brooke in 1836 with money he had inherited from his father.
 USS Muscatine (ID-2226) was a Norwegian refrigerator ship (reefer ship) obtained by the U.S. Navy from the United States Shipping Board (USSB) during World War I. She served for the duration of the war carrying “beef and butter” for military personnel in Europe.She returned to commercial service after the war and during World War II she had the unfortunate fate of being struck by torpedoes from a German submarine. She sank in the Yucatan Channel.
 HMS Implacable was a 74-gun third rate of the Royal Navy. She was originally the French Navy's Téméraire-class ship of the line Duguay-Trouin launched in 1800.She survived the Battle of Trafalgar only for the British to capture her at the subsequent Battle of Cape Ortegal. In British service she participated in the capture of the Imperial Russian Navy 74-gun ship of the line Vsevolod (Russian: Всеволод) in the Baltic in 1808 during the Anglo-Russian War.
 The second USS Renshaw (DD–176) was a Wickes-class destroyer in the United States Navy following World War I . She was named for William B. Renshaw.
 T-116 was a minesweeper of the Soviet Navy during World War II and the Cold War. She had originally been built as USS Arcade (AM-143) an Admirable-class minesweeper for the United States Navy during World War II but never saw active service in the U.S. Navy. Upon completion she was transferred to the Soviet Union under Lend-Lease as T-116; she was never returned to the United States. The ship was renamed several times in Soviet service and was scrapped on 4 May 1963.
 The El Cazador (meaning The Hunter in English) was a Spanish brig that sank in the Gulf of Mexico in 1784. On October 20 1783 it was sent by Charles III of Spain on a mission to bring much-needed hard currency to the Spanish colony of Louisiana. The ship sailed to Veracruz Mexico where it was loaded with approximately 450000 Spanish reales. King Carlos III enlisted his most trusted captain Gabriel de Campos y Pineda to captain the ship.
 The Junkers Ju 288 originally known within the Junkers firm as the EF 074 was a German bomber project designed during World War II but which only ever flew in prototype form. The first of 22 development aircraft flew on 29 November 1940.
 The Nakajima Ki-115 Tsurugi (剣 Sabre) was a one-man kamikaze aircraft developed by the Imperial Japanese Army Air Force in the closing stages of World War II in late 1945. The Imperial Japanese Navy called this aircraft Tōka (藤花 Wisteria Blossom).
 SS Belgic was a steamship of the White Star Line. She was launched on 14 January 1873 as hull number 81 at Harland and Wolff Shipyards Belfast and delivered to the owners on 29 March 1873.
 The fourth generation Ford F-Series was a line of pickup trucks and commercial trucks produced from 1961 to 1966 by Ford Motor Company. Lower and wider than its predecessor the new F-Series introduced several firsts to the truck line. In Canada the F-Series continued to be distributed by Mercury dealers as the M-Series.
 USS Durant (DE-389/WDE-489/DER-389) was an Edsall-class destroyer escort in the United States Navy which served briefly in the United States Coast Guard. She was named for Pharmacist's Mate Third Class Kenneth W. Durant.
 USS Taurus (PHM-3) was the third ship of her class of hydrofoils operated by the United States Navy. Pegasus class vessels were designed for high speed and mobility and carried a powerful (for their size) armament. The ship was named for the constellation Taurus.In November 1972 The United States Germany and Italy signed a Memorandum of Understanding to share the cost of the development of a Patrol Missile Hydrofoil. This brought about the building of the Pegasus class .
 The DFS Reiher (in English Heron) was a single seat competition glider designed in Germany by Hans Jacobs and first flown in 1937. The type won the last two German Rhön gliding championships before the start of World War II. Six were factory produced.
 Tirpitz was the second of two Bismarck-class battleships built for the German Kriegsmarine (War Navy) during World War II. Named after Grand Admiral Alfred von Tirpitz the architect of the Kaiserliche Marine (Imperial Navy) the ship was laid down at the Kriegsmarinewerft Wilhelmshaven in November 1936 and her hull was launched two and a half years later. Work was completed in February 1941 when she was commissioned into the German fleet.
 The USS Hamlin (CVE-15) was one of a large group of escort aircraft carriers built on Maritime Commission C-3 hulls and transferred to the Royal Navy under lend-lease during World War II. Launched by Western Pipe and Steel Company San Francisco California 5 March 1942 as AVG-15 aircraft escort vessel she was sponsored by Mrs. William H. Shea.
 SMS Wörth (His Majesty's Ship Wörth) was one of four German pre-dreadnought battleships of the Brandenburg class built in the early 1890s. The class also included Brandenburg Kurfürst Friedrich Wilhelm and Weissenburg. The ships were the first ocean-going battleships built by the Kaiserliche Marine (Imperial Navy). Wörth was laid down at the Germaniawerft dockyard in Kiel in May 1890. The ship was launched on 6 August 1892 and commissioned into the fleet on 31 October 1893.
 The El Condesito is a vessel that sank on 1 January 1972 near Las Galletas on the south coast of Tenerife in the Canary Islands and is now a well known dive site. The ship was transporting cement for the construction of Los Cristianos.
 HMCS CC-1 was a CC-class submarine used by the Royal Canadian Navy. The ship was launched in 1913 in Seattle Washington as the submarine Iquique for Chile. This deal fell through and the boat along with HMCS CC-2 was offered to British Columbia's premier Sir Richard McBride just nine days before the declaration of war in 1914. On August 4 1914 the day the United Kingdom declared war on Germany the boat departed at night (to maintain secrecy from the Chilean German and U.S.
 The Lion-Peugeot Type V4C3 was a motor car produced near Valentigney by the French auto-maker Lion-Peugeot between 1912 and 1913. It was the manufacturer’s first car with a four-cylinder engine. 653 were produced.The V4C3 was propelled using a four-cylinder 1725 cm³ four-stroke engine mounted ahead of the driver. This was the first and till now (2012) the only Peugeot to feature a V4 engine. A maximum 9 hp of power was delivered to the rear wheels.
 The Friedrichshafen FF.34 was a German biplane floatplane of the 1910s produced by Flugzeugbau Friedrichshafen.
 The M9 is a future electric multiple unit railroad car to be designed for and ordered by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (New York) for the Long Island Rail Road as part of the 2008-2013 Capital Plan and built by Kawasaki Heavy Industries. The purchase of the initial 92 M9 cars is intended to expand the Long Island Rail Road's fleet size in anticipation of the completion of the East Side Access Capital project.
 The Subaru Impreza is a compact automobile manufactured since 1992 by Subaru—the automobile division of Japanese transportation conglomerate Fuji Heavy Industries (FHI). Subaru introduced the Impreza as a replacement for the Leone with the Leone's EA series engines replaced by the newer EJ series versions.Now in its fourth generation Subaru has offered four-door sedan and five-door hatchback body variants since 1992; the firm also offered a coupe from 1995 for the first generation only.
 The Waco E series is a small family of American-built cabin biplanes built between 1939 and 1942 which differed primarily by engine installation.
 USS McFaul (DDG-74) is an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer in the United States Navy. She is named for Chief Petty Officer Donald L. McFaul a Navy SEAL who was killed in action on 20 December 1989 while serving in Panama. McFaul was awarded a posthumous Navy Cross for attempting to rescue a platoon mate at the cost of his life.
 The Stinson Voyager was a 1940s American light utility monoplane built by the Stinson Aircraft Company.
 The Sud-Ouest Ariel is a French two-seat light helicopter designed and built by Sud-Ouest later Sud Aviation. The helicopter rotors were driven by compressed-air jets at the end of each blade.
 The London Underground 1996 stock is used on the Jubilee Line of the London Underground. It was built by Alstom and began service in 1997. It is similar to the 1995 Stock used on the Northern Line having been built at a similar time by the same manufacturer.The stock was used initially in six-car trains expanded to seven-car trains in 2005. It is fitted with a digital voice announcement system and dot-matrix displays to provide passenger information.
 The Brantly B-1 was a 2-seat coaxial-rotor helicopter designed by Newby O. Brantly and constructed by the Pennsylvania Elastic Company Brantly's employer.
 Arrol-Aster was a British car maker founded in 1927 when Arrol-Johnston and Aster merged. The Wembley London works of Aster was closed and production concentrated at the Heathhall Dumfries factory of Arrol-Johnston.At first manufacture of all the cars previously made by the two companies was continued along with those made under the Galloway badge but in 1928 a rationalisation was carried out.
 The Mazda Taiki is a one-off concept car produced by Mazda and is the fourth car in Mazda's 'Nagare' design series. Mazda says the Taiki reflects one possible direction for a future generation of Mazda sports cars aimed at helping to create a sustainable society.
 The Canadian Vickers Velos was a 1927 Canadian twin-engined float-equipped sesquiplane designed and built by Canadian Vickers Limited. Designed for survey work it proved difficult to fly and only one was built.
 The Fairey Fleetwing was a British two-seat single-engine biplane designed to an Air Ministry contract for carrier-based reconnaissance duties in the late 1920s. Only one was built.
 SLNS Sayura (Sayura in Sinhalese: Sea) is the flag ship and an offshore patrol vessel (OPV) of the Sri Lanka Navy.She was formerly INS Sarayu a Sukanya-class patrol vessel of the Indian Navy sold to Sri Lanka in 2000. She was upgraded with new armament in India before being delivered to the Sri Lanka Navy. India also committed to providing maintenance and refit of the ship.
 A Ferrari Berlinetta Boxer is one of a series of cars produced by Ferrari in Italy between 1973 and 1984. They used a mid-mounted flat-12 engine replacing the FR layout Daytona and were succeeded in the Ferrari stable by the Testarossa. It was designed by Leonardo Fioravanti.Production of the BB was a major step for Enzo Ferrari. He felt that a mid-engined road car would be too difficult for his buyers to handle and it took many years for his engineers to convince him to adopt the layout.
 The McCulloch Model MC-4 was an American tandem-rotor helicopter and was the first helicopter developed by McCulloch Aircraft Corporation a division of McCulloch Motors Corporation. It was evaluated by the United States Army as the YH-30 and the United States Navy as the XHUM-1.
 SS Lambridge was a British cargo ship built in 1917 and scuttled in 1945.The Ayrshire Dockyard Company Ltd. built her to the UK Shipping Controller's standard B type cargo ship design. She had nine corrugated furnaces with a combined grate area of 119 square feet (11 m2) heating three 180 lbf/in2 single-ended boilers with a combined heating surface of 7647 square feet (710 m2).
 The Mercedes-Benz A-Class is a compact car produced by the German automobile manufacturer Mercedes-Benz. The first generation (W168) was introduced in 1997 the second generation model (W169) appeared in late 2004 and the all-new generation model W176 launched in late 2012. Originally launched only as a five-door hatchback in 1997 the second generation W169 introduced a three-door hatchback to sit six inches below the five-door.
 The Akaflieg München Mü12 Kiwi is a glider that was designed and built in Germany in 1935
 The Wibault 13C.1 Trombe (Whirlwind) later known as the Wib 130C.1 Trombe was a single seat parasol wing lightweight fighter aircraft designed and built in France in the 1920s. It was developed into the more powerful Wib 170C.1 Tornade (Tornado) but government interest in lightweight fighters soon waned.
 The International F-17 Sportsman was a 1920s American three-seat open-cockpit biplane designed and manufactured by the International Aircraft Corporation in Long Beach California and Cincinnati Ohio. 107 aircraft were built 77 of them at Cincinnati. (see also f18 aircoach)
 HMS Obdurate (G39) was an O-class destroyer of the Royal Navy. She was built by William Denny and Brothers of Dumbarton being laid down at their yards on the River Clyde on 25 April 1940 launched on 19 February 1942 and commissioned on 3 September 1942.
 The Mark 2 family of railway carriages were British Rail's second design of carriages. They were built by British Rail workshops (from 1969 British Rail Engineering Limited) between 1964 and 1975. They were of steel construction.
 The Rodney-class ships of the line were a class of 3 two-deck 90-gun second rates designed for the Royal Navy by Sir Robert Seppings.
 The Acura CL is a coupé manufactured by Honda's Acura brand from 1996 to 1999 and from 2001 to 2003. The CL is often thought to have been a replacement for the Acura Legend coupé but with the advent of the TL in 1996 which directly replaced the Vigor the CL is more precisely a TL coupé. All Acura CLs were built at Honda's plant in Marysville Ohio alongside the TL and the Honda Accord upon which the Acura CLs were based.
 The Peugeot 301 is a compact car produced by the French automaker Peugeot. It was announced to the public in May 2012 with an official launch that took place at the Paris Motor Show in September. The 301 is built at Peugeot’s Vigo plant in Spain alongside its twin Citroën C-Elysée and is scheduled to also be manufactured in China in late 2013.Sales of the 301 commenced in November 2012 initially in Turkey and later in other markets in western Asia northern Africa and eastern Europe.
 HMS Triumph was a 42-gun great ship or second rate of the English Royal Navy built by William Burrell at Deptford Royal Dockyard and launched in 1623. Like many major warships in the 17th century she was modified at various times during her life so that her dimensions and tonnage grew during her 65 years of service. By 1660 her original armament had been increased to 64 guns and by 1666 to 72 guns.Triumph was sold out of the navy in 1688.
 SS Culross was a 7331 ton cargo ship which was built as Empire Antigua in 1945. She was renamed Culross in 1946. In 1960 she was renamed Akastos serving under a number of flags until 1968 when she was renamed Marina being scrapped in that year.
 HMS Mohawk (F125) was a Tribal-class frigate of the Royal Navy in service from 1963. She was named after a tribe of Native Americans located in southeast Canada and New York State. Mohawk was scrapped in 1983. Mohawk was built by Vickers of Barrow-in-Furness at a cost of £4705000. She was launched on 5 April 1962 and commissioned on 29 November 1963. Her construction had been disrupted by a labour dispute.
 The Rollason Beta was a British midget racing monoplane developed from a competition to build a Formula One air racer in the 1960s in England. The Beta was first flown on April 21 1967. The aircraft were successful air-racers in England during the late 1960s and early 1970s.
 The Ford CD2 platform (for C/D-class and called U204 internally) is an automobile platform for crossover SUVs. It is the basis for the Mazda Tribute Ford Escape and Mercury Mariner and was jointly developed by Mazda and Ford. The design is based on Mazda's GF platform used by the Mazda Capella/626.CD2 is a front wheel drive platform with an all wheel drive option. Tributes and Escapes are manufactured at Mazda's Hofu Plant and Ford's Kansas City Assembly in Claycomo Missouri.
 HMS Royal George was a 100-gun first rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched from Chatham Dockyard on 16 September 1788. She was designed by Sir Edward Hunt and Queen Charlotte was the only other ship built to her draught. She was the fifth ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name.Royal George served as the flagship at the Battle of Groix and wore the flag of Admiral Alexander Hood at the Glorious First of June.
 The Beechcraft Model 17 Staggerwing is an American biplane with an atypical negative wing stagger (the lower wing is farther forward than the upper wing) that first flew in 1932.
 USS William T. Powell (DE/DER-213) a Buckley-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy was named in honor of Gunner's Mate William T. Powell (1918-1942) who was killed in action aboard the heavy cruiser USS San Francisco off Guadalcanal on 12 November 1942.William T. Powell was laid down on 26 August 1943 at the Charleston Navy Yard; launched on 27 November 1943; sponsored by Mrs. Elsie V. Powell mother of Gunner's Mate Powell and commissioned on 28 March 1944 Lieutenant James L.
 The Supermarine S.4 was a 1920s British single-engined single-seat monoplane racing seaplane built by Supermarine to compete in the 1925 Schneider Trophy. It crashed and was destroyed before the competition started.
 Raab-Katzenstein RK-26 Tigerschwalbe also known as the Fieseler F 1 Tigerschwalbe was a German twin-seat biplane trainer aircraft designed by Gerhard Fieseler by the end of the 1920s.
 The MEKO 140 is a frigate design by the German Blohm + Voss shipyard as part of the MEKO family of vessels. The MEKO 140 is development of the Portuguese Navy's João Coutinho class corvettes - designed by the Portuguese naval engineer Rogério de Oliveira in the late 1960s - three ships of which were built Blohm + Voss in 1970 as an outsourcing.
 The Caproni Ca.313 was an Italian twin-engine reconnaissance bomber of the late-1930s. It was a development of the Ca.310. Its variants were exported to several other countries.
 The GE U36C was a 3600 hp diesel-electric locomotive model built by GE Transportation Systems.The length of the locomotive was 67'3 standard for U30C U33C U34CH U36C U36CG C30-7 and C36-7. The U36C also had steel capped pistons. 218 units were produced between October 1971 and February 1975 for railroads in the United States and Mexico. A further 20 units of model U36CG (the passenger service variant of the U36C) were built for use in Mexico.
 Son of Town Hall was a junk raft which made a Transatlantic crossing in 1998 built by Poppa Neutrino.Writer Alec Wilkinson gave a vivid description of Son of Town Hall in his book The Happiest Man in the World saying The raft looked like a specter a ghost ship as if made from rags and rope and lumber a vessel from the end of the world or something medieval a flagship of nothingness the Armada of the Kingdom of Oblivion.
 German submarine U-483 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She carried out two patrols. She caused one warship to be declared a total loss.She surrendered in May 1945; she was sunk as part of Operation Deadlight in December 1945.
 The Nexus Mustang is a two place homebuilt aircraft designed around the construction techniques of the Midget Mustang.
 The Cadillac ELR is a luxury plug-in hybrid compact coupé developed and manufactured by General Motors. The ELR powertrain is a re-tuned version of the propulsion system used in the Chevrolet Volt. The ELR's 16.5 kWh lithium-ion battery pack delivers an all-electric range of about 35 miles (56 km) and a top speed of 100 mph (160 km/h).
 The Banff-class sloops were a group of ten ships of the Royal Navy. Built as United States Coast Guard Lake-class cutters in 1941 these ships were loaned to the Royal Navy as anti-submarine warfare escorts. The transfers took place at the Brooklyn Navy Yard where HMS Malaya was under repair after being torpedoed by U-106. The sloops were manned for transport to England by personnel from the damaged battleship.
 SS (RMS) Peveril (I) No. 76307 - the first vessel in the Company's history to be so-named - was a packet steamer which was operated by the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company until she sank off Douglas following a collision with SS Monarch in 1899.
 USS Skylark (ASR-20) was a Penguin-class submarine rescue ship of the United States Navy.The ship was laid down in July 1945 as the Navajo-class fleet tug Yustaga (ATF-165) by the Charleston Shipbuilding & Drydock Co. of Charleston South Carolina. While under construction Yustaga was redesignated a submarine rescue ship on 11 October 1945 assigned the hull designation ASR-20 on 13 November 1945 and renamed Skylark on 5 December 1945. She was launched on 19 March 1946 sponsored by Mrs. H. C.
 HMS Pactolus was one of eight 38-gun Cydnus-class fifth-rate frigates of the Royal Navy that served in the Napoleonic wars and the War of 1812. She was one of the warships that bombarded Stonington Connecticut from 9 to 12 August 1814. Pactolus was paid off in August 1817 and sold in 1818.
 The Bell HSL (Model 61) was an American 1950s anti-submarine warfare (ASW) helicopter built by Bell Helicopter company the only tandem rotor type designed by Bell.
 USS Puritan was originally designed as a double-turreted ironclad monitor the plans were altered to the specifications of John Ericsson Puritan’s builder following a long debate with the Navy; she was built with a single turret. Contracted 28 July 1862 to Ericsson who in turn subcontracted the hull to the Continental Iron Works of Greenpoint New York and the machinery to the Allaire Iron Works of New York City she was launched 2 July 1864.
 The LMS Northern Counties Committee (NCC) Class Y was a class of 0-6-0T steam locomotives formed when two LMS Fowler Class 3F engines (Nos.7456 and 7553) were regauged from standard gauge to the 5 ft 3 in (1600 mm) Irish broad gauge in 1944 becoming NCC Nos.18 and 19.
 USS Pledge (AM-277) was an Admirable-class minesweeper built for the U.S. Navy during World War II. She was built to clear minefields in offshore waters and served the Navy in the Atlantic Ocean and then was transferred to the North Pacific Ocean. She survived the world war and was awarded one battle star but during the Korean War she struck a mine and was sunk. She received the Presidential Unit Citation for her Korean service.
 HMS Agincourt was a dreadnought battleship built in the United Kingdom in the early 1910s.
 The four Brandenburg-class pre-dreadnought battleships were Germany's first ocean-going battleships. They were also the first German warship of any type to be fitted with wireless communications. The class comprised Brandenburg Kurfürst Friedrich Wilhelm Weissenburg and Wörth. All were laid down in 1890 and completed by 1893 except for Weissenburg which was completed in 1894.
 USS Liberator (AMc-87) was an Accentor-class coastal minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.Liberator was laid down 5 May 1941 by F. L. Fulton Works Antioch California; launched 6 September 1941; sponsored by Miss Pay Hill; and placed in service 22 February 1942 Lt. (jg.) James. W.
 The Schleicher K 10 is a Standard class competition glider designed by Rudolf Kaiser and built in Germany in 1963. Only a few were produced.
 Asbury Park was a high-speed coastal steamer built in Philadelphia PA and intended to transport well-to-do persons from New York to summer homes on the New Jersey shore. This vessel was sold to West Coast interests in 1918 and later converted to an automobile ferry serving on various routes San Francisco Bay Puget Sound and British Columbia. This vessel was known by a number of other names including City of Sacramento Kahloke Langdale Queen and Lady Grace.
 The Handley Page H.P.43 was a three-engined biplane bomber-transport built to an Air Ministry specification. It did not fly well and the biplane configuration was out-dated at completion; the only one constructed was later turned into a monoplane and led to the Handley Page H.P.54 Harrow.
 USS Howell Cobb (1861) was a schooner acquired on an emergency temporary basis by the Union Navy from the U.S. Coast Survey during the start of the American Civil War. She was placed into service as a cargo ship assigned to support the Union Navy Potomac River fleet protecting Washington D.C. from military forces of the newly formed rebellious Confederate States of America located across the river in Virginia.
 An EMD SW1200 is a diesel switcher locomotive built by General Motors Electro-Motive Division between January 1954 and May 1966. Power was provided by an EMD 567C 12-cylinder engine which generated 1200 hp (895 kW). Late SW1200s built in 1966 were built with the 567E 12-cylinder engine.
 HMS Epervier was an 18-gun Cruizer-class brig-sloop of the Royal Navy built by Ross at Rochester England and launched on 2 December 1812. The USS Peacock captured her in 1814 and took her into service. The USS Epervier disappeared in 1815 while carrying dispatches reporting the signing of a treaty with the Dey of Algiers.
 HMT Firefly was a minesweeping trawler that saw service during the Second World War.She was built by Cook Welton & Gemmill of Beverley and launched on 23 August 1930. She was operated by the St Andrew's Steam Fishing Company Ltd out of Hull.
 The 2400 series is a series of Chicago 'L' cars built between 1976 and 1978 by Boeing-Vertol of Eddystone Pennsylvania. 200 cars were built (numbered 2401–2600) and as of 2014 96 of them remain in service.The 2400 series was the third series of five interoperable series of Chicago 'L' cars known as the High Performance Family.
 INS Shishumar (S44) is the lead vessel of the Shishumar class of diesel-electric submarines of the Indian Navy.
 The GE C40-8M is a 6-axle diesel locomotive built by GE Transportation Systems from 1990 to 1994. It is part of the GE Dash 8 Series of freight locomotives and is often referred to as a Dash 8-40CM.Mechanically identical to the Dash 8-40CW the Dash 8-40CM was constructed only for Canadian railways with a production total of 84 units. It is distinguished from the Dash 8-40CW by the addition of a full-width cowl body and the use of a Canada-specific nose and windshield configuration.
 EML Kalev (M414) was a Frauenlob-class minesweeper of the Estonian Navy and belonged into the Estonian Navy Mineships Division.
 USS Garfield County (LST-784) was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named after counties in Colorado Montana Nebraska Oklahoma Utah and Washington she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.LST-784 was laid down on 18 June 1944 at Pittsburgh Pennsylvania by the Dravo Corporation; launched on 29 July 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Michael Ruzic; and commissioned on 1 September 1944 Lieutenant Daniel H. Miner USCG in command.
 The Schweizer SGS 2-32 is an American two-seat mid-wing two or three-place glider built by Schweizer Aircraft of Elmira New York.The 2-32 was designed to be the highest performance two-place glider available when it first flew in 1962. The 2-32 has been used as a tourist glider trainer cross-country and high-altitude sailplane and has set many US and world records. A total of 87 aircraft were completed.
 RMS Empress of Britain was a transatlantic ocean liner built by Fairfield Shipbuilding at Govan on the Clyde in Scotland in 1955-1956 for Canadian Pacific Steamship (CP). This ship—the third of three CP vessels to be named Empress of Britain -- regularly traversed the trans-Atlantic route between Canada and Europe until 1964 completing 123 voyages under the Canadian Pacific flag.
 USS Biloxi (CL-80) was a United States Navy Cleveland-class light cruiser the first ship named after the city of Biloxi Mississippi.The ship was laid down on 9 July 1941 at Newport News Virginia by the Newport News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Co. and launched on 23 February 1943 sponsored by Mrs. Katharine G. Braun wife of the Mayor of Biloxi. She was commissioned at the Norfolk Navy Yard on 31 August 1943 with Captain Daniel M. McGurl in command.
 USS Yankee was originally El Norte a steamer built in 1892 at Newport News Virginia by the Newport News Shipbuilding & Drydock Co.. The ship was acquired by the United States Navy from the Southern Pacific Company on 6 April 1898. The ship was renamed and commissioned at New York on 14 April 1898 Commander Willard H. Brownson in command.
 HMS Jackal was a J-class destroyer of the Royal Navy. Completed in 1939 Jackal served in the Norwegian campaign and the Dunkirk evacuation before being deployed to the Mediterranean in 1941. Jackal took part in the Battle of Crete and was scuttled after being heavily damaged by German bombers on 12 May 1942.
 HMS Volage was a Volage-class corvette built for the Royal Navy in the late 1860s. She spent most of her first commission assigned to the Flying Squadron circumnavigating the world and later carried a party of astronomers to the Kerguelen Islands to observe the transit of Venus in 1874. The ship was then assigned as the senior officer's ship in South American waters until she was transferred to the Training Squadron during the 1880s. Volage was paid off in 1899 and sold for scrap in 1904.
 USC&GS Marinduque was a steamer owned by the Philippine Insular Government that served exclusively in the Philippines as a survey ship in the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey from 1905 to 1932.
 USS Monaghan (DD-354) was the last ship built of the Farragut-class destroyer design. She was named for Ensign John R. Monaghan. Monaghan was laid down on 21 November 1933 at the Boston Navy Yard and launched on 9 January 1935. She was sponsored by Miss Mary F. Monaghan niece of Ensign Monaghan and commissioned on 19 April 1935 with Commander R. R. Thompson in command.
 USS North Carolina (BB-55) (Showboat) was the lead ship of North Carolina-class battleships and the fourth warship in the U.S. Navy to be named in honor of the State of North Carolina. She was the first newly constructed American battleship to enter service during World War II and she took part in every major naval offensive in the Pacific Theater of Operations to become the most highly decorated American battleship of World War II accumulating 15 battle stars.
 MS Stena Seafarer is a ro-ro ferry that operates on the service between Larne Northern Ireland and Fleetwood England. The ship is different from Stena Leader and Stena Pioneer as this was built to carry passengers rather that freight.[citation needed] Freight is also carried on the service. Seafarer was built in 1975 for Stena Line as Union Melbourne before being renamed Union Trader in 1980.
 USS Wolffish (SS-434) was a proposed United States Navy World War II Balao-class submarine. She has been the only U.S. Navy ship named for the wolffish (any of several large marine blennies with strong teeth and great ferocity) although several U.S.
 USS Callaway (APA-35) was a Bayfield class attack transport that served with the US Navy during World War II. Initially designated as a Navy Transport AP-80 Callaway was quickly redesignated as attack transport APA-35. The vessel was launched 10 October 1942 as Sea Mink by Western Pipe and Steel San Francisco California under a Maritime Commission contract acquired by the Navy 24 April 1943 and commissioned the same day Captain D. C. McNeil USCG in command.
 Aurora Australis is an Australian icebreaker. Built by Carrington Slipways and launched in 1989 the vessel is owned by P&O Maritime Services but is regularly chartered by the Australian Antarctic Division (AAD) for research cruises in Antarctic waters and to support Australian bases in Antarctica.
 The Vickers Vimy was a British heavy bomber aircraft of the First World War and post-First World War era. It achieved success as both a military and civil aircraft setting several notable records in long-distance flights in the interwar period the most celebrated of which was the first non-stop crossing of the Atlantic Ocean by Alcock and Brown in June 1919.
 The Mahé class minesweeper is a class of mid-1960s small Russian naval warships designed to counter the threat posed by naval mines. Minesweepers generally detect then neutralize mines in advance of other naval operations.The Mahé class was designed with glass-reinforced plastic hulls built at Kolpino USSR.
 The Hero Hunk is a 150 cc motorcycle launched by Hero Honda in October 2007. It is offered in two variants kick-start and self-start. The new 2011 model is offered with either rear disc brake or rear drum brake.
 USS Commencement Bay (CVE-105) (ex-St. Joseph Bay) the lead ship of her class was an escort carrier and later helicopter carrier of the United States Navy used mostly as a training ship. Commencement Bay was launched 9 May 1944 by Todd Pacific Shipyards Tacoma Washington; sponsored by Mrs. F. Eves; and commissioned 27 November 1944 Captain Roscoe Leroy Bowman in command.Commencement Bay reported at Seattle 1 February 1945 for duty as a training ship in Puget Sound until 2 October.
 The IranRunner also known as the EuroRunner 24 PC is a single cab diesel electric passenger locomotive manufactured by the Mapna Locomotive Engineering and Manufacturing Company and Siemens.
 USS Tatnuck (ATA-195) was laid down on 15 November 1944 at Orange Texas by the Levingston Shipbuilding Co.; launched on 14 December 1944; and commissioned on 26 February 1945 Lt. (jg.) John Pakron in command. She was the second Navy ship named for Tatnuck an Indian village in the vicinity of Worcester Massachusetts. Following shakedown training in March Tatnuck was briefly assigned to the Atlantic Fleet before being transferred to the Pacific Fleet with her home yard at Pearl Harbor.
 CFAV Firebrand (YTR 562) is a Fire-class fireboat in the Royal Canadian Navy designed by Robert Allan Ltd..Firebrand is based in CFB Esquimalt on Vancouver Island.Her sister ship CFAV Firebird (YTR 561) is based in CFB Halifax.Her three water cannons can fire water supplemented by fire suppressant foam from her two 250 gallon tanks.Her water cannons are capable of pumping a 19000 litres per minute at 150 psi.Although not operated as such she can also serve as a tugboat and has a bollard pull of 7.5 tons.On December 4 2012 the Department of National Defence published an enquiry for Canadian shipbuilders interested in building replacements for the Glen class tugs¸ and fire class fireboats.A single class would replace both the rugs and the fireboats and would be operated by civilian crews.The replacement vessels would have water cannons that could be controlled remotely by a single individual.
 Pininfarina Sergio is a concept car first shown during the 83rd Geneva Motor Show (5–17 March 2013) and is a heartfelt tribute to the memory of Sergio Pininfarina who died July 3 2012 at the age of 85 years.Sergio is a roadster car that looks to the future extreme compact sporty racy pure and sensual.
 USS Absegami (SP-371) was a motorboat acquired on a free lease by the United States Navy during World War I. She was outfitted as an armed patrol craft and assigned to patrol the Delaware River from Philadelphia Pennsylvania to Cape May New Jersey on the Delaware Bay. When the Navy found her excess to their needs she was returned to her former owner.
 The Mesquito is a new sounding rocket vehicle developed for the NASA Sounding Rocket Program on Wallops Island Virginia. The skeeter (from similarity of name to mosquito) was developed to provide rocket-borne measurements of the mesospheric region of the upper atmosphere.
 The Brutus was a 10-gun brig of the French Navy.In 1794 she ferried a new ambassador to the USA to replace Edmond-Charles Genêt and to bring despatches to Van Stabel.She was captured by HMS Mermaid off Grenada on 10 October 1795.
 USS Rijndam (ID-2505) was a transport for the United States Navy during World War I. Both before and after her Navy service she was known as SS Rijndam or Ryndam as an ocean liner for the Holland America Line.
 the second USS Fearless (AMc-80) was an Accentor-class coastal minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy.
 HMS Alexandra was a central battery ironclad of the Victorian Royal Navy whose seagoing career was from 1877 to 1900. She spent much of her career as a flagship and took part in operations to deter Russian aggression against Turkey in 1878 and the bombardment of Alexandria in 1882.
 Pagalo (PG-51) is a patrol vessel operated by the Venezuela Coast Guard.When she was commissioned in 2008 she was the first warship built in Venezuela. The vessel was built in the ACUCAR shipyards in Puerto Cabello to a version of a design from the Damen Group. Other nations operate similar designs including the Marine Protector class operated by the United States Coast Guard.President Hugo Chavez officiated at the vessel's commissioning at La Guaria.
 The USS Menges (DE-320) was an Edsall-class destroyer escort built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named for Ensign Herbert Hugo Menges (a naval aviator who was killed during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor) she was the first U.S. naval vessel to bear the name.
 The Learjet Model 35 and Model 36 are a series of American multi-role business jets and military transport aircraft manufactured by Learjet. When used by the United States Air Force they carry the designation C-21A.The aircraft are powered by two Garrett TFE731-2 turbofan engines. Its cabin can be arranged for 6-8 passengers. The Model 36 has a shortened passenger area in the fuselage in order to provide more space in the aft fuselage for fuel tanks.
 HMS Vixen was a Vickers three funnel - 30 knot destroyer ordered by the Royal Navy under the 1895 – 1896 Naval Estimates. She was the fourth ship to carry this name since it was introduced in 1801 for an 18-gun brig sold 1815.
 Sevenstones Lightship is a lightship (also known as a lightvessel) moored off the Seven Stones Reef which is nearly 15 miles (24 km) to the west-north-west (WNW) of Land's End Cornwall and 7 miles (11 km) east-north-east (ENE) of the Isles of Scilly. The reef has been a navigational hazard to shipping for centuries with seventy-one named wrecks and an estimated two hundred shipwrecks overall the most infamous being the oil tanker the Torrey Canyon on 18 March 1967.
 The COSCO Beijing is a container Ship from Greece it was built in 2006 by Hyundai Heavy Industries Co Ltd a South Korean company. The Cosco Beijing is owned by Capetanissa Maritime Corp. However the vessel remains to be operated by COSCO Container Lines Co Ltd or COSCON. The Cosco Beijing has a length of 350.55m. The company saw a 17 percent year to year increase in shipping volume to 715900 metric tons.
 The CGR 0-4-0ST of 1878 Aid is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape Colony.In June 1874 while construction work by the Kowie Harbour Improvement Company was underway at Port Alfred the Cape Government Railways shipped their 0-4-2 tank locomotive no. 9 Blackie from Cape Town to Port Alfred for use as construction locomotive.
 The Alfa Romeo Alfetta (Type 116) is an executive saloon car and fastback coupé produced by the Italian manufacturer Alfa Romeo from 1972 to 1987. It was popular due to its combination of a modest weight with powerful engines selling over 400000 units until the end of its production run.The Sedan had a body designed by Centro Stile Alfa Romeo and the Alfetta GTV coupé (not to be confused with the more recent 1995 Alfa Romeo GTV or the classic Giulia GTV) was designed by Giorgetto Giugiaro.
 The Orion-class battleships were four super-dreadnought battleships — the first ships of that type — of the Royal Navy. The lead ship Orion was launched in 1910. They were the first Royal Navy dreadnoughts to have all their main guns in the centreline; the U.S. Navy's first dreadnoughts the South Carolina class had pioneered this advanced feature.
 HMS Pitt was a 74-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 13 April 1816 at Portsmouth.Pitt was hulked in 1853 and was broken up in 1877.
 The Concept Prowler is an American flying wing ultralight trike that was designed and produced by Concept Aviation of Knoxville Tennessee.
 The Titan Tornado is large family of cantilever high-wing pusher configuration tricycle gear-equipped kit aircraft manufactured by Titan Aircraft of Austinburg Ohio for amateur construction.
 The Mitsubishi Ki-67 Hiryū (飛龍 Flying Dragon; Allied reporting name Peggy) was a twin-engine heavy bomber produced by Mitsubishi and used by the Imperial Japanese Army Air Force in World War II. Its Army long designation was Army Type 4 Heavy Bomber (四式重爆撃機).
 USS The Sullivans (DDG-68) an Arleigh Burke-class Aegis guided missile destroyer is the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the five Sullivan brothers — George Francis Joseph Madison and Albert Sullivan aged 20 to 27 – who lost their lives when their ship USS Juneau was sunk by a Japanese submarine in November 1942 in the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal (the first ship named for them was DD-537).
 The Whitney Boomerang DW200 is a two-seat fixed tricycle gear general aviation airplane originally designed for flight training touring and personal use. It can be seen in active service at Darwin International Brisbane's Archerfield and Perth's Jandakot General Aviation airports.
 The Abe Midget is a homebuilt aircraft design from builder Keiichi Abe of Japan. The aircraft was built with help from the Kushiro Aero Club. The Midget is a rare example of a homebuilt aircraft designed and built for operations in Japan.
 The Hiller Ten99 (also known as the Hiller 1099) was an American 1961 experimental helicopter created by Hiller Aircraft. The helicopter seated six and was similar to other helicopters by Hiller but featured a larger box-shaped cabin. It has four doors and a set of clamshell doors on its aft side. The aircraft was powered by a Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6 and in July 1961 was the first aircraft to have been powered solely by a PT6 engine.
 The Hatsuharu-class destroyers (初春型駆逐艦 Hatsuharugata kuchikukan) were a class of Imperial Japanese Navy destroyers in the service before and during World War II. The final two vessels in the series completed after modifications to the design are sometimes considered a separate Ariake class.
 The Martin RB-57D Canberra was a specialized high-altitude strategic reconnaissance aircraft developed from the Martin B-57 Canberra tactical bomber a licence-built version of the English Electric Canberra. It was used by the United States Air Force during the 1950s prior to operational use of the Lockheed U-2.
 The Aeromot AMT-100 Ximango is a Brazilian motor glider developed from the Fournier RF-10.
 USS Abraham Lincoln (SSBN-602) a George Washington class fleet ballistic missile submarine was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for Abraham Lincoln (1809–1865) the 16th President of the United States (1861–1865). Her keel was laid down by the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard of Kittery Maine on 1 November 1958. She was launched on 14 May 1960 sponsored by Mrs. Mary L.
 USS Sierra (AD-18) was a destroyer tender that served with the United States Navy from World War II to the 1990s.The second U.S. Navy ship to bear the name Sierra was laid down on 31 December 1941 by the Tampa Shipbuilding Company of Tampa Florida; launched on 23 February 1943; and commissioned on 20 March 1944 Captain P. B. Koonce in command.
 The first USS Kingfisher was purchased by the Navy at Boston Massachusetts 2 August 1861; and commissioned at Boston Navy Yard 3 October Acting Lt. Joseph P. Couthouy in command.That day she was ordered to Key West Florida for duty in the Gulf Blockading Squadron. On 21 January she joined USS Ethan Allen in capturing the Olive Branch bound from Cedar Keys to Nassau Bahamas with a cargo of turpentine.
 German submarine U-310 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 30 January 1942 at the Flender Werke yard at Lübeck as 'werk' 310 launched on 3 January 1943 and commissioned on 24 February under the command of Leutnant Klaus Friedland.During her career the U-boat sailed on six combat patrols sinking two ships before she surrendered in May 1945.She was a member of seven wolfpacks.
 CSS Bombshell — believed to have been an Erie Canal steamer — was a U.S. Army transport. Bombshell was sunk by the Confederate batteries in Albemarle Sound North Carolina on April 18 1864. She was raised by the Confederate forces and taken into the Confederate States Navy under the command of Lieutenant Albert Gallatin Hudgins CSN.
 The GCR Class 11E was a type of 4-4-0 steam locomotive used by the Great Central Railway for express passenger services. Ten were built in the railway's own workshops at Gorton Manchester during 1913; they remained in service until the mid-1950s.
 Professor Molchanov (Russian: «Профессор Молчанов») is a Russian (formerly Soviet) ice-strengthened oceanographic research vessel. The ship was built in Finland in 1983 and is now converted to passenger duties for the expedition cruise market.
 The Canopus class was a group of six pre-dreadnought battleships of the Royal Navy which were designed by Sir William White for use in the Far East and entered service between 1899 and 1902. The lead ship was HMS Albion which was followed by Canopus Glory Goliath Ocean and Vengeance.
 USS Mitscher (DL-2/DDG-35) named for Admiral Marc Pete Mitscher USN (1887–1947) was the lead ship of her class of destroyer of the United States Navy. Originally designated DD-927 she was laid down by the Bath Iron Works Corporation at Bath Maine on 3 October 1949 reclassified as a destroyer leader and designated DL-2 on 2 February 1951 launched on 26 January 1952 by Mrs. Marc A. Mitscher widow of Admiral Mitscher and commissioned on 15 May 1953 Commander Terrell H. W.
 The first USS Wahpeton (YTB-527) later YTM-527 was a harbor tug in commission from 1946 through at least 1979.Wahpeton was laid down on 23 June 1945 at Jacksonville Florida by the Gibbs Gas Engine Company Inc. She was launched on 29 September 1945 sponsored by Mrs. Emery H. Price the wife of Congressman Emery H. Price a member of the U.S.
 HMS Scott (J79) was a Halcyon-class minesweeper (officially fleet minesweeping sloop) of the British Royal Navy completed as an unarmed survey ship with an enlarged bridge and a large chart room abaft the extended forecastle deck. She served through World War II and the two following decades.
 SM UC-70 was a German Type UC II minelaying submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. The U-boat was ordered on 12 January 1916 and was launched on 7 August 1916. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 20 November 1916 as SM UC-70. In 10 patrols UC-70 was credited with sinking 32 ships either by torpedo or by mines laid.
 The Mercury Eight was the first model of the Ford Motor Company's Mercury marque and was produced from the 1939 through the 1951 model years. It was the only model offered by Mercury until the marque starting producing multiple series in the 1952 model year at which point it was dropped as a model designation.
 The CNA Eta was a single engine Italian light aircraft flown in the mid-1930s that set one and two seat world records as both a landplane and a seaplane. Only one or two were built.
 The Fokker 50 is a turboprop-powered airliner designed as a refinement of and successor to the highly successful Fokker F27 Friendship. The Fokker 60 is a stretched freighter version of the Fokker 50. Both aircraft were built by Fokker in the Netherlands. The Fokker 60 has also been used by the Royal Netherlands Air Force and now they are in service with the Peruvian Naval Aviation.
 The Christen Eagle II which later became the Aviat Eagle II in the mid-1990s is an aerobatic sporting biplane aircraft that has been produced in the United States since the late 1970s.
 USS Shaw (DD-373) was a Mahan-class destroyer and the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for Captain John Shaw a Naval officer. Commissioned in 1936 Shaw was plagued by construction deficiencies and was not fully operational until 1938. After training in the Atlantic she was transferred to the Pacific and in dry dock in Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941. Shaw sustained major damage from multiple bomb hits by Japanese forces during the Attack on Pearl Harbor.
 USS ATA-217 was an ATA-214-class tug of the United States Navy built near the end of World War II. Originally laid down as Tesota (YN-95) a net tender of the Ailanthus class she was redesignated as AN-71 a net layer before launch. Before completion the name Tesota was cancelled and the ship was named ATA-217 an unnamed auxiliary ocean tug.
 HMS Unicorn was a 46-gun second-rank ship of the line of the English Royal Navy launched at Woolwich in 1634.
 The Aeros Discus is a family of Ukrainian high-wing single-place hang gliders designed and produced by Aeros of Kiev and introduced in 2002.
 CSS Muscogee was an ironclad ram built for the Confederate States Navy during the American Civil War. She was known as Muscogee while being built and up until her launching; after that all surviving Confederate records refer to her as the ironclad ram Jackson. No official explanation survives as to why her name was changed.The ironclad was built during 1862 at Columbus on the banks of the Chattahoochee River Georgia and was finally commissioned as CSS Jackson in December 1864.
 A Ferrari Monza is one of a series of cars built by Ferrari. In the early 1950s Ferrari shifted from using the compact Gioacchino Colombo-designed V12 engine in its smallest class of sports racers to a line of four-cylinder engines designed by Aurelio Lampredi.
 MV Eilean Bhearnaraigh is a small passenger ferry built for the Outer Hebrides. After serving the monks on Papa Stronsay she now operates in Southern Ireland as Sancta Maria.
 USS Micka (DE-176) was a Cannon-class destroyer escort built for the United States Navy during World War II. She served in the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean and provided escort service against submarine and air attack for Navy vessels and convoys. Micka was named in honor of Edward Micka who had been awarded the Navy Cross. The ship was laid down on 3 May 1943 by the Federal Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Co. Kearny New Jersey; launched on 22 August 1943; sponsored by Mrs.
 The Rose Parrakeet was a single-seat sporting biplane produced in small numbers in the United States during the 1930s. It was a conventional design with staggered single-bay wings of equal span braced by N-struts. The cockpit was open and the fixed tailskid undercarriage had divided main units. An unusual feature was the use of a single strut in place of the usual flying wires.
 The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) George the Fifth Class was a class of 4-4-0 passenger steam locomotive.They were introduced in 1910 by Charles Bowen-Cooke and construction continued until 1915. They were essentially superheated versions of the LNWR Whale Precursor Class.
 The UAZ-469 is an off-road vehicle manufactured by UAZ. It was used by Soviet and other Warsaw Pact forces as well as paramilitary units in Eastern Bloc countries. In the Soviet Union it also saw widespread service in all state organizations that needed a robust off-road vehicle. Standard military versions include seating for seven personnel.The UAZ-469 was introduced in 1971 replacing the earlier GAZ-69.
 The Pacific series was a fleet of fifty lightweight streamlined sleeping cars built by the Budd Company for the Union Pacific Railroad in 1949–1950. Each car contained ten roomettes and six double bedrooms. Union Pacific sold several to the Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (the Milwaukee Road) in the late 1960s; Amtrak purchased most of the fleet in the early 1970s. Several remain in use as business cars.
 The Albatros D.XII was a German single-seat fighter biplane first flown in March 1918. It was the last of the Albatros fighters completed and flown before the end of World War I and had the same slab-sided fuselage seen on the Albatros D.X.The first example of the D.XII used a 134 kW (180 hp) Mercedes D.IIIa engine and had balanced parallel-chord ailerons. The second built in April 1918 featured unbalanced inversely tapered ailerons and Bohme undercarriage with pneumatic shock absorbers.
 SM UC-30 was a German Type UC II minelaying submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. The U-boat was ordered on 29 August 1915 and was launched on 27 July 1916. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 22 August 1916 as SM UC-30. In 4 patrols UC-30 was credited with sinking 5 ships either by torpedo or by mines laid. UC-30 was mined and sunk off Horns Reef on 21 April 1917.
 USCGC Mackinaw (WAGB-83) was a 290-foot (88 m) vessel specifically designed for ice breaking duties on the Great Lakes. LR number: 6119534The Mackinaw was homeported in Cheboygan Michigan during active service.
 USS La Vallette (DD-448) was a World War II-era Fletcher-class destroyer in the service of the United States Navy. She was the second Navy ship named after Rear Admiral Elie A. F. La Vallette.La Vallette was laid down 27 November 1941 by Federal Shipbuilding and Drydock Company Kearny New Jersey; launched 21 June 1942; sponsored by Mrs. Lucy La Vallette Little great-granddaughter of Rear Admiral LaVallette; and commissioned 12 August 1942 Lieutenant Commander H. H. Henderson in command.
 Kunashiri (国後) was an escort ship of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.In July 1943 Kunashiri participated in the Kiska evacuation aspect of Operation Ke. During the war Kunashiri operated mostly in the Kuriles and Hokkaido area escorting various convoys. On July 28 1944 she was reported damaged by unknown cause-USS Tambor. After the end of World War II Kunashiri returned to Sasebo and was later used by the Allied Repatriation Service.
 The MB50 was a Honda motorcycle known as the MB5 in the US produced from 1979 into the late 1980s. Sales ended in 1981 in the UK and 1982 in the US (the only year imported) but sales continued in other European countries until 1988.The MB5 was a very light motorcycle filling a similar transportation role to a motorscooter though styled like a sport bike.
 HMS Madagascar was a 46-gun fifth-rate Seringapatam-class frigate built at Bombay and launched on 15 November 1822.The Bavarian Prince Otto who had been selected as the King of Greece was delivered to his new capital Nafplion in 1833.In 1843 HMS Madagascar is recorded as calling at Ascension Island accompanied by the steamer Albert being outfitted for suppression of the slave trade.The ship was made a storeship and was anchored at Rio De Janeiro after 1853 and was eventually sold in 1863.
 The Yokosuka MXY-5 was a Japanese military glider produced for the Imperial Japanese Navy during the World War II. The glider consisted of fabric-wrapped plywood covering a tubular steel frame. The design also featured a retractable undercarriage as well as an emergency skid. The design was flight tested in 1942. Only 12 were produced and none were used operationally.
 Batavia was a ship of the Dutch East India Company (VOC). It was built in Amsterdam in 1628 and armed with 24 cast-iron cannons and a number of bronze guns. Batavia was shipwrecked on her maiden voyage and was made famous by the subsequent mutiny and massacre that took place among the survivors. A twentieth-century replica of the ship is also called the Batavia and can be visited in Lelystad Netherlands.
 USS Hutchinson (PF-45) a Tacoma-class frigate was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Hutchinson Kansas.Hutchinson (PF-45) originally designated PG-153 was launched on 27 August 1943 at the Consolidated Steel Corporation shipyard in Los Angeles California under Maritime Commission contract sponsored by Mrs. A. T. Cole; and commissioned on 3 February 1944 with Commander C. H. Stober USCG commanding.
 The Swee' Pea was a series of three midget aircraft racers designed by Art Chester.
 HMS Affray a British Amphion-class submarine was the last Royal Navy submarine to be lost at sea on 16 April 1951 with the loss of 75 lives. All vessels of her class were given names beginning with the letter A; she was the only ship of the Royal Navy to be named after a particularly noisy and disorderly fight.Affray was built in the closing stages of the Second World War. She was one of 16 submarines of her class which were originally designed for use in the Pacific Ocean against Japan.
 USS Semmes (DDG-18) was the second Navy ship named for Commander (USN) Rear Admiral (CSN) Brigadier General (CSA) Raphael Semmes (1809–1877). USS Semmes (DDG-18) was a Charles F. Adams-class guided missile destroyer of the United States Navy.Semmes was laid down by Avondale Marine Ways Inc. at Avondale Louisiana on 15 August 1960 launched on 20 May 1961 by Mrs. Felix Edward Hébert and commissioned on 10 December 1962.
 USS Security (AMc-103) was an Accentor-class coastal minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.Security was laid down on 29 April 1941 by H.G. Marr Damariscotta Maine; launched on 27 September 1941; sponsored by Miss Louise Marr; and placed in service on 11 March 1942 Lt. (jg.) R.C. Robbins Jr. USNR officer in charge.
 The Midland Railway 700 Class was a large class of double framed 0-6-0 freight steam locomotives designed by Matthew Kirtley for the Midland Railway. They were in the power classification 1F.
 USC&GS Wildcat was a steam launch that served in the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey from 1919 to 1941. She was the only Coast and Geodetic Survey ship to bear the name.Wildcat spent her entire Coast and Geodetic Survey career operating in Alaskan waters.On June 9 1923 Wildcat helped refloat the merchant ship Anvil which had run aground in Isanotski Strait.
 The NZASM 14 Tonner 0-4-0T of 1889 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Transvaal.In 1889 the Nederlandsche-Zuid-Afrikaansche Spoorweg-Maatschappij obtained its first five locomotives with a 0-4-0T wheel arrangement for use on the new line that was being constructed from Johannesburg to Boksburg. Since the railway classified its locomotives according to their weight these side-tank locomotives were known as the 14 Tonners.
 The EF65 is a 6-axle (Bo-Bo-Bo) electric locomotive designed for freight used by Japanese National Railways (JNR) and currently operated by its descendents JR West JR East and JR Freight.As of 1 April 2009 JR Freight operated 77 locomotives JR East operated 8 (EF65-1000) and JR West operated 10 (EF65-1000) locomotives.
 USS Honeysuckle (1862) was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Navy as a gunboat to patrol navigable waterways of the Confederacy to prevent the South from trading with other countries. At war's end she was converted to a storeship before eventually being decommissioned.
 American Eagle is a small cruise ship owned by American Cruise Lines (ACL). She was built in 2000 by Chesapeake Shipbuilding in Salisbury Maryland for overnight coastal river and inland waterway cruising within the continental United States. As an American built flagged and owned vessel operated by US citizen crew members American Eagle is compliant with the Passenger Vessel Services Act and can transport passengers directly between US ports.
 SS Persic was a cargo vessel of the White Star Line built by Harland and Wolff in 1899. She was one of the five Jubilee Class ships (the others being the Afric Medic Suevic and Runic) built specifically to service the Liverpool–Cape Town–Sydney route.On October 26 1899 Persic assisted the crew of the schooner Maudra which had caught on fire. She was requisitioned as a troopship during World War I.
 The Honda Amaze is a four-door subcompact sedan produced by Honda. The Amaze is the sedan version of the Brio. Honda launched the Amaze in India on April 11 2013 which has been developed at Honda R&D Asia Pacific Co. Ltd. located in Bangkok Thailand. The Amaze is available in petrol and diesel engine.
 USS Card (AVG-11/ACV-11/CVE-11/CVHE-11/CVU-11/T-CVU-11/T-AKV-40) was a Bogue-class escort aircraft carrier. Her hull was laid down on 27 October 1941 as a C-3 cargo ship but it was acquired from the Maritime Commission while under construction and was converted into an escort carrier.She was launched as AVG 11 (hull 178) on 27 February 1942 by Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Tacoma Washington sponsored by Mrs. J. Perry.
 The Daewoo LeMans/Racer is a compact car first manufactured by Daewoo Motors in South Korea between 1986 and 1994. It was replaced by the facelifted Daewoo Cielo—a car mechanically identical to the LeMans differentiated only by its modified styling cues.
 The GAF Jindivik is a target drone produced by the Australian Government Aircraft Factory (GAF). The name is from an Aboriginal Australian word meaning the hunted one. Two manned prototypes were built as GAF Pikas (Project C) as a proof of concept to test the aerodynamics engine and radio control systems serialled A92-1/2 'B-1/2'. The unmanned variant was initially designated the Project B and received serials in the A93 series. Pika is an Aboriginal Australian word meaning flier.
 The Renault R312 is a class of buses produced by the bus division of Renault Trucks from 1987 to 1996. It succeeded the SC 10 which was originally a Saviem design from the 1960s.The 12m long bus is rear-engined powered by a 6-cylinder Renault turbodiesel engine with a displacement of 9834 cc available with either 152 kW (207 PS; 204 hp) or 187 kW (254 PS; 251 hp).
 HMS Havock was an H-class destroyer built for the British Royal Navy in the mid-1930s. During the Spanish Civil War of 1936–1939 the ship enforced the arms blockade imposed by Britain and France on both sides as part of the Mediterranean Fleet.
 The Penrose Pegasus was a 1930s high-wing single-seat wooden glider from the UK. Designed built and flown by Harald Penrose until the start of World War II only one was built at the time though a reproduction was constructed in the 1990s.
 The first USS Buck (SP-1355) later USS SP-1355 was a tender that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1918.Buck was built as a civilian motorboat in 1911. On 24 August 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired her under a free lease from the Conservation Commission of Maryland for use during World War I. She was commissioned as USS Buck (SP-1355) on 13 September 1917. Assigned to the 5th Naval District Buck served as a tender at Norfolk Virginia for the remainder of World War I.
 Type C3 ships were the third type of cargo ship designed by the United States Maritime Commission (MARCOM) in the late 1930s. As it had done with the Type C1 ships and Type C2 ships MARCOM circulated preliminary plans for comment. The design presented was not specific to any service or trade route but was a general purpose ship that could be modified for specific uses. The C3 was larger and faster than the C1 and C2 contemporaries measuring 492 feet (150 m) from stem to stern (vs.
 The United States Lighthouse Tender Marigold was a lighthouse tender which served on the Great Lakes. She was launched in 1890 and delivered to the depot in Detroit early in 1891. The tender spent an unremarkable career in service never needing a major retrofit and being drydocked only for a few minor repairs. She was decommissioned in 1945 and sold into private service in 1946 and spent her last years having been extensively rebuilt operating as a dredge under the name Miss Mudhen II.
 The Airborne T-Lite is an Australian ultralight trike designed and produced by Airborne Windsports of Redhead New South Wales. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 The British Rail Class 450 third-rail DC EMU began service during 2003. They are a part of the Siemens Desiro modular train family and are more commonly known as the 'Blue Desiro'.
 The Fernic T-9 also called the Fernic F.T.9 (Fernic Tandem model 9) is an early three surface aircraft having tow lifting wings in tandem as well as a conventional tailplane. It was a light twin-engined craft intended for flight distance record setting.
 Project 629 also known by the NATO reporting name of Golf class were diesel electric ballistic missile submarines of the Soviet Navy. They were designed after six Zulu class submarines were successfully modified to carry and launch Scud missiles. All Golf boats had left Soviet service by 1990. All have been since disposed of. According to some sources at least one single Golf-class submarine is operated by China to test new SLBMs.
 The 63 ton schooner Postboy was built at Port Adelaide in 1874. The schooner was owned by Messrs. Weman and Morgan and registered at Port Adelaide. She was a regular trading vessel between Port Adelaide and the gulf ports. Captain James Thomas was in charge of the schooner Postboy on 15 December 1876 about 11-12 miles (20 km) off Glenelg when a sudden squall struck.
 HMS Vanguard was a 74-gun third-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 6 March 1787 at Deptford. She was the sixth vessel to bear the name.In December 1797 Captain Edward Berry was appointed flag captain flying Rear Admiral Sir Horatio Nelson's flag.
 The Vickers Vespa was a British army co-operation biplane designed and built by Vickers Limited in the 1920s. While not adopted by Britain's Royal Air Force small numbers were brought by the Irish Free State and Bolivia the latter of which used the type during the Chaco War. One modified Vespa was used to set a world altitude record of 43976 ft (13407 m) in September 1932.
 SM U-95 was one of the 329 submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy in World War I. U-95 was engaged in the naval warfare and took part in the First Battle of the Atlantic. She sank by unknown causes off Hardelot France in the second half of January 1918.
 Cristoforo Colombo was an Italian unprotected cruiser or steel corvette (the older terminology) which was a replacement of an earlier ship with the same name. The original ship the cruiser Cristoforo Colombo (1875) had a wooden hull and was armed with 8 4.7in. breech-loading guns and possibly a torpedo tube.
 USS McCook (DD-496) a Gleaves-class destroyer was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for Commander Roderick S. McCook (1839–1886) who was an officer in the Union Navy during the American Civil War.McCook was laid down 1 May 1941 at the Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Corp. Seattle Washington; launched 30 April 1942; sponsored by Mrs. Reed Knox granddaughter of Comdr. McCook; and commissioned 15 March 1943 Lt.Comdr. S. G. Anderson in command.
 The Scion Hako Coupe is a concept car unveiled by the automaker Scion at the 2008 New York International Auto Show. Inspired by the iconic Scion xB and the emergence of American vintage style amongst young Tokyo trendsetters Tokyo Design Division developed the Hako Coupe with classic American coupes in mind. This retro car is named for its square boxy appearance and features wraparound glass windows.
 The Hyundai Starex is a van built by the Hyundai Motor Company in South Korea andIndonesia.First generation models were known in Europe as the Hyundai H-1 and as the Hyundai H200 in the Netherlands. For the second generation Australian and UK market models are sold as the Hyundai iLoad (cargo version) and Hyundai iMax (people mover version) and in Continental Europe as the Hyundai i800.
 The Triumph Bonnevilles are a range of standard motorcycles made in three different production runs beginning in 1959. The first two by the defunct Triumph Engineering in Meriden West Midlands England were 1959 to 1983 and 1985 to 1988. The third run by Triumph Motorcycles in Hinckley Leicestershire began in 2001. It is named after the Bonneville Salt Flats Utah where Triumph and other motorcycle companies made attempts on motorcycle speed records.
 The second USS Rehoboth (AVP-50/AGS-50) was in commission in the United States Navy as a seaplane tender from 1944 to 1947 and as an oceanographic survey ship from 1948 to 1970.
 UAZ Patriot is a mid-size CUV from the UAZ division of SeverstalAvto. It was introduced in 2005. Extensive use of third-party parts (which finally allowed UAZ to replace its notorious transmission with a better Korean-manufactured one) large capacity good off road capabilities and affordable price (<15000 USD) predicted good sales in Russia. 12011 units were sold in the year 2007.The unique SUV accommodates five adults and carry about 200 kg cargo.
 DS Seacrest also known as The Scan Queen is a drill ship built by Far East Levingston Shipbuilding Ltd. Singapore owned by Unocal Corporation and operated by Great Eastern Drilling and Engineering company. It was sunk by Typhoon Gay in the Gulf of Thailand on November 3 1989. 91 rig workers were killed after the vessel capsized resulting in a massive legal case brought against the ship's owners UNOCAL.
 The VN750 also known as the Vulcan 750 is a 750 cc class cruiser-style motorcycle made by Kawasaki from 1985 to 2006. The Vulcan 750 was Kawasaki's first cruiser and first V-twin engine introduced in late 1984 as the 1985 model.
 Aetos (Greek: Α/Τ Άετός Eagle) served in the Royal Hellenic Navy from 1912–1945.The ship along with her three sister ships of Wild Beast class destroyers Ierax Panthir and Leon was ordered from England. They were purchased in 1912 ready for delivery each for the sum of £148000 from the English shipyards Cammell Laird in Birkenhead when the Balkan Wars seemed likely. These ships had originally been ordered by Argentina; Aetos was originally named San Luis.
 The Macchi M.33 was an Italian racing flying boat which competed in the 1925 Schneider Trophy race.
 The NS DD-VIRM full name DubbeldeksInterregiomaterieel or Verlengd InterRegio Matrieel Electric Multiple Units (EMUs) trains were built by De Dietrich or Talbot between 1994 and 2009. They are operated by the Nederlandse Spoorwegen in the Netherlands.
 The Bonomi BS.20 Albanella (English: Montagu's Harrier) was a performance sailplane designed and built in Italy in the mid-1930s. Rather little is known about it; either one or two were constructed.
 The Nakajima A1N or Navy Type 3 Carrier Fighter was a Japanese carrier-based fighter of the late-1920s and early-'30s. It was a licenced copy of the British Gloster Gambet fighter built by the Nakajima Aircraft Company for the Imperial Japanese Navy. Approximately 150 were built in total. There were two versions A1N1 and A1N2.
 The OK-GLI (Buran Analog BST-02) was a test vehicle (Buran aerodynamic analogue) in the Buran program. It was constructed in 1984 and was used for 25 test flights between 1985 and 1988 before being retired. It is now an exhibition at the Technikmuseum Speyer in Germany.
 RV Atlantis II is a research vessel formerly operated by Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution. The ship was built in 1962. She was used as the support vessel for the Alvin submersible for many years and retired from Woods Hole service in 1996.
 Atlantis Submarines is a passenger submarine company. The company currently has 12 submarines and operates undersea tours in Grand Cayman Barbados Aruba Guam St. Thomas Cozumel and in Hawaii at Kona Maui and Oahu.In order for passengers to reach the submarine they board a shuttle ferry then they enter the submarine via steep stairs. When the submarine goes down they see corals sunken ships treasures and fish through large viewports.
 The Ocean Dream (formerly Tropicale Costa Tropicale and Pacific Star) is a cruise ship built in 1981. The ship began sailing for Carnival Cruise Lines as the Tropicale in 1982. The Tropicale was Carnival's first newly built ship. Operating mainly in the Caribbean. She was transferred to the Costa fleet in July 2001 and renamed the Costa Tropicale. The Costa Tropicale was retired in 2005 and entered service for P&O Cruises Australia as the Pacific Star in December of that year .
 The LNER Class Y3 was a class of 0-4-0 geared steam locomotives built by Sentinel Waggon Works for the London and North Eastern Railway and introduced in 1927. They passed into British Railways ownership in 1948 and were numbered 68154-68185.
 HMCS Lanark was a River-class frigate that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War and again from 1956–1965 as a Prestonian-class frigate. She fought primarily in the Battle of the Atlantic as a convoy escort. She was named for Lanark Ontario.Lanark was ordered in June 1942 as part of the 1942–1943 River-class building program. She was laid down on 25 September 1943 by Canadian Vickers Ltd. at Montreal Quebec and launched 10 December 1943.
 The Cruizer class was an 18-gun class of brig-sloops of the Royal Navy. Brig-sloops were the same as ship-sloops except for their rigging.
 The Aeritalia G.222 (formerly Fiat Aviazione later Alenia Aeronautica) is a medium-sized STOL military transport aircraft. It was developed to meet a NATO specification but Italy was initially the only NATO member to adopt the type. The United States purchased a small number of G.222s designating them the C-27A Spartan.A modernised variant the Alenia C-27J Spartan has been developed.
 USS LSM-161 was a LSM-1-class landing ship medium built for the United States Navy during World War II. Like many of her class she was not originally named and was properly referred to by her hull designation for much of her service life.LSM-161 was laid down on 3 June 1944 by Charleston Navy Yard; launched on 27 June 1944; and commissioned on 16 August 1944 Lieutenant Joseph M. Gresser in command.
 USS Manasquan (AG-36) was a cargo ship that served in the United States Navy at the end of World War I and was reacquired during World War II and converted into a meteorological patrol vessel and was also used in testing radio navigation systems.The ship was built in 1918 as Lake Catherine by the Toledo Shipbuilding Company of Toledo Ohio and taken over by the United States Shipping Board at New York City on 4 October 1918 and commissioned the same day for duty with the Naval Overseas Transportation Service (NOTS) as USS Lake Catherine (ID-3568) Lt. 
 The first USS William C. Lawe (DE-313) was a United States Navy Evarts-class destroyer escort proposed during World War II. She was never completed.William C. Lawe was laid down at Mare Island Navy Yard at Vallejo California on 22 January 1944. Her construction was cancelled on 13 March 1944.The name William C. Lawe was reassigned to destroyer escort William C. Lawe (DE-373).
 Vittorio Veneto was the second member of the Littorio class of battleships that served in the Italian Regia Marina (Royal Navy) during World War II. Her keel was laid down in October 1934 she was launched in July 1937 and she was readied for service with the Italian fleet by August 1940. She was named after the Italian victory at Vittorio Veneto during World War I and she had three sister ships: Littorio Roma and Impero though only Littorio and Roma were completed during the war.
 The North Eastern Railway Class T2 classified as Class Q6 by the LNER is a class of 0-8-0 steam locomotive designed for heavy freight. 120 were built at Darlington Works between 1913 and 1921 to the design of Vincent Raven based on the NER Class T and T1 (LNER Q5).All passed into British Railways ownership in 1948 and they were numbered 63340-63459.63372 was withdrawn in 1960 after an accident. General withdrawals were from 1963 to 1967.
 The Paul Jones was a Medford-built ship launched in 1843 that brought the first cargo of ice to China.
 HMS Walney (M104) was a Sandown-class minehunter of the British Royal Navy. She was the fourth of the Sandown-class minehunters and the second ship to carry the name which comes from the island off Barrow-in-Furness in Cumbria on the north-west coast of England.
 The BAE Systems Mantis Unmanned Autonomous System Advanced Concept Technology Demonstrator is a British demonstrator programme for Unmanned Combat Air Vehicle (UCAV) technology. The Mantis is a twin-engine turboprop-powered UCAV with a wingspan of approximately 22 m broadly comparable to the MQ-9 Reaper. Other partners involved in Phase 1 of the Mantis programme include the UK Ministry of Defence Rolls-Royce QinetiQ GE Aviation L-3 Wescam Meggitt and Lola.
 The Yamaha DT125 is a motorcycle produced by Yamaha Motor Company that was launched in 1974 as the DT125A. It had a raised rear and front fender raised exhaust handlebars with cross members universal tires and adequate ground clearance for an off-road enduro motorcycle or trail motorcycle.
 The Buick Rendezvous introduced in the spring of 2001 as a 2002 model year vehicle was a Mid-size luxury crossover SUV that was sold by the Buick division of General Motors for the 2002-2007 model years.
 USS Queens (APA-103) was a Windsor-class attack transport that served with the US Navy during World War II. She was commissioned late in the war and initially assigned to transport duties; consequently she did not take part in any combat operations.Queens was named after a county in New York City.
 HMS Jackal (alternatively spelled Jackall) was a Jackal-class second-class iron paddle gunvessel of the Royal Navy.
 The Opel Rekord P1 (branded for its first two years as the Opel Olympia Rekord P) was a large family car introduced in August 1957 in time for the Frankfurt Motor Show by Opel as a replacement for the previous year's Opel Olympia Rekord.
 The Soldati class (also known as Camicia Nera class meaning Blackshirt) were a group of destroyers built for the Italian Navy during World War II. The ships were named after military professions (Artigliere for example meaning artilleryman). There were two batches; twelve ships were built in 1938-39 and a second batch of seven ships were ordered in 1942 although only five were completed.Ten ships of the class were lost during the war.
 HMS Falmouth was a 50-gun fourth-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built at Woolwich Dockyard to the 1706 Establishment of dimensions and launched on 26 February 1708.On 14 May 1724 Falmouth was ordered to be taken to pieces and rebuilt according to the 1719 Establishment at Woolwich Dockyard from where she was relaunched on 3 April 1729.
 German submarine U-543 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She was laid down at the Deutsche Werft (yard) in Hamburg as 'werk' 364 on 3 July 1942 launched on 3 February and commissioned on 21 April with Kapitänleutnant Hans-Jürgen Hellriegel in command.U-543 began her service career with training as part of the 4th U-boat Flotilla from 21 April 1943.
 USS Finch (AM-9) was a Lapwing-class minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing. Finch was named for the finch and is strictly speaking the only U.S. vessel named for such.Finch was launched 30 March 1918 by Standard Shipbuilding Co. New York; sponsored by Mrs. F. G. Peabody; and commissioned 10 September 1918 with Lieutenant J. C. Lindberg in command.
 The Honda MT50 is an off road styled moped common in Scandinavia and the Netherlands but also sold in other countries like UK and USA that is more commonly known as the Honda MT5. Some countries had restricted versions designed to be ridden by learners. Its leading competitor was the Yamaha DT50MX. Production started 1979 and ended 2000.It stopped being imported in 1983 to be replaced by mtx50 but was later reintroduced in 1990.
 The Royal Canadian Navy operates two Fire-class fireboats/Yard tractor tugs.
 The General Aviation GA-43 was an airliner produced in small numbers in the United States in the mid-1930s also known as the Pilgrim 150 Fairchild 150 and Clark GA-43. The prototype was developed and built by Fairchild's American Pilgrim division but the program was taken over by General Aviation when the firm purchased American Pilgrim shortly before the prototype had flown.
 The Hino 600 is a cab over truck manufactured in the US by the Japanese manufacturer Hino since 2004. in the United States and Canada its principal competitors have historically been Peterbilt 328 and the Isuzu H-Series until 2009 and light duty are Hino 125/300 for the American and Canadian markets.
 USS Sargo (SSN-583) a Skate-class nuclear-powered submarine was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the sargo a food and game fish of the porgy family inhabiting coastal waters of the southern United States.The contract to build her was awarded to Mare Island Naval Shipyard in Vallejo California on 29 September 1955 and her keel was laid down on 21 February 1956. She was launched on 10 October 1957 sponsored by Mrs. Frank T.
 Rocar De Simon U412E is a model of trolleybus that was manufactured by Rocar in Romania in 1997 and 1998. A total of only 19 were produced 18 equipped with DC motors and one with an AC motor. Two were delivered to the Bucharest trolleybus system #7454 and #7459 (the one on AC) another two were delivered to Cluj and the remaining 15 were delivered to Constanta.
 USAV Vulcan (FMS-789) was a Floating Machine Shop operated by the United States Army.
 The Honda Civic GX is the only car factory-built to run on compressed natural gas (CNG) in the U.S. available to non-fleet customers. The GX is based on the Honda Civic and is available for fleet sales in all 50 states in the US. It was previously available for retail sales in four states (California New York Utah and Oklahoma) but as of October 18 2011 the Civic GX is available to retail consumers in 35 states throughout the U.S.
 HMCS Sault Ste. Marie (J334) was an Algerine-class minesweeper that served in the Royal Canadian Navy during World War II.
 Plymouth Suburban is a Plymouth station wagon produced from 1949 to 1978.Prior to 1949 Plymouth had offered only a 4-door woodie station wagon which was expensive not only to build but also to buy. In 1949 Plymouth revolutionised the US station wagon market by introducing the industry's first all-steel body station wagon the Suburban. In addition for the first time in a low-priced car automatic turn-the-key ignition/starter combination was introduced.
 The Fieseler Fi 168 was a projected German ground attack aircraft designed in 1938 by Frederik Kassel who created the aircraft after a request from the Technisches Amt (Technical Department) of the RLM Reichsluftfahrtministerium - (German aviation ministry).The two-engine aircraft was a strut-braced high-wing monoplane with two tail-booms and a narrow fuselage pod carried by struts under the centre-section and was designed to operate in areas featuring rough terrain and boasted two rigidly mounted forward-facing machine guns. 
 The LSWR 700 class was a class of 30 0-6-0 steam locomotives designed for freight work. The class was designed by Dugald Drummond in 1897 for the London and South Western Railway in England and built by Dübs and Company at that company's Queen's Park works at Polmadie Glasgow Scotland.
 USNS Asterion (T-AF-63) was an Asterion-class stores ship acquired by the United States Navy in 1961. Her task was to carry stores refrigerated items and equipment to ships in the fleet and to remote stations and staging areas.
 USS Baya (SS/AGSS-318) a Balao-class submarine was a ship of the United States Navy named for the baya (Mycteroperca jordani) a serranoid food-fish.Baya was launched on 2 January 1944 by Electric Boat Co. Groton Conn.; sponsored by Mrs. C. C. Kirkpatrick wife of Lieutenant Commander Kirkpatrick; and commissioned on 20 May 1944 Commander A. H. Holtz in command.
 Mary Ann was a convict ship dispatched in 1791 from England to Australia. She was built in 1772 in France. Under the command of Master Mark Munroe she departed Portsmouth on 16 February 1791 with 150 female convicts as part of the third fleet and arrived on 9 July 1791 in Port Jackson New South Wales. Nine convicts died during the voyage.
 Charles R. Spencer (generally called the Spencer) was a steamboat built in 1901 to run on the Willamette and Columbia rivers from Portland to The Dalles Oregon. This vessel was described as an elegant passenger boat.After 1911 this vessel was rebuilt and renamed Monarch.
 The London Brighton and South Coast Railway (LB&SCR) C1 class was a type of 0-6-0 freight steam locomotive designed by William Stroudley.
 USS California (BB-44) one of two Tennessee-class battleships completed shortly after World War I was the fifth ship of the United States Navy named in honor of the 31st state. She was the last American battleship built on the West Coast and the only one to be a dreadnought type. She served in the Pacific her entire career and for twenty years was the flagship of the Pacific Fleet.
 The Volkswagen Jetta König is a Chinese Volkswagen model produced by FAW-Volkswagen at its plants in Changchun and Chengdu. It was launched in May 1997 and replaced the Volkswagen Jetta. In March 2010 itself was replaced by the Volkswagen Jetta Pionier.The Jetta König was the result of the technical combination between Volkswagen Jetta and Volkswagen Passat B4. It was built on the B2 platform like the Chinese built Jetta before.
 The New Zealand FA class was built as a larger version of the tried and true NZR F class 0-6-0T. The requirements were for larger water and coal capacity on a locomotive that could handle grades better than the F class. Due to costs involved in producing new machines NZR chose to rebuild existing machines with larger coal and water capacity larger boiler and firebox higher boiler preasure and larger diameter pistons.Thirteen F class engines were rebuilt between 1892 and 1897.
 The Agnes was a wooden carvel schooner built in 1875 at Brisbane Water. On 12 March 1890 whilst carrying ballast between Sydney and Tweed River she lost her sails in a gale 6 miles (9.7 km) north of Brunswick River heads. There were eight deaths.
 The Bailey Gatzert was a famous sternwheel steamboat that ran on the Columbia River and Puget Sound from the 1890s to the 1920s. She was named after Bailey Gatzert an early businessman and mayor of Seattle. She was commonly called the Bailey or reputedly by those rivermen who did not appreciate her large wake the Daily Bastard.
 Buick Century is the model name used by the Buick division of General Motors for a line of upscale performance cars from 1936 to 1942 and 1954 to 1958 and from 1973 to 2005 for a mid-size car.The model name Century came about when Buick was designing its first production automobile capable of reaching a speed of 100 mph. The division needed to come up with a name.
 RRS Shackleton was a Royal Research Ship operating in the Antarctic from 1955 to 1992. She was then in service as a seismic survey vessel Sea Profiler until being scrapped in 2011.
 The LSWR G16 class is a steam tank locomotive class of 4-8-0T wheel arrangement. It was designed by Robert Urie and introduced in 1921 specifically for heavy shunting over humps at Feltham marshalling yard on the London and South Western Railway (LSWR). They were based upon Urie's previous S15 class freight design and apart from several periods of operating elsewhere on the LSWR and Southern railway network they remained at Feltham for most of their operational careers.
 The Alfa Romeo 156 (Type 932) is a compact executive car produced by the Italian automaker Alfa Romeo from 1997 to 2007 (Q4 Crosswagon was produced to the end of 2007 the 156 saloon was discontinued late in 2005 in Europe). It was introduced at the 1997 Frankfurt Motor Show as the replacement for the Alfa Romeo 155.
 ZH1 was a Gerard Callenburgh-class destroyer. The boat was laid down as the Dutch destroyer Gerard Callenburgh but while still under construction she was captured during the German invasion of the Netherlands in World War II and commissioned in the Kriegsmarine.
 The Volkswagen CC (originally known as the Volkswagen Passat CC in its first generation) is a four-door sedan-fastback version of the Volkswagen Passat. It debuted in January 2008 at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit.
 The DR class was a diesel locomotive built by Ruston & Hornsby for Shell in 1954. Shell used it at their Clyde Refinery before it was sold in 1964 to the Commonwealth Railways. It was withdrawn in 1975 and stored at Port Augusta until 1987 when it was sold to the Richmond Vale Railway Museum.
 The second USS Guerriere was a frigate in the United States Navy. She was named for the victory of the frigate USS Constitution over HMS Guerriere during the War of 1812.Guerriere was launched on 9 September 1865 in the Boston Navy Yard and commissioned on 21 May 1867 Commander Thomas Corbin in command. She sailed from New York on 28 June 1867 to serve as flagship of the South Atlantic Squadron protecting American commerce and interests along the coast of South America.
 TSS (RMS) Fenella (II) No. 145310 was a pre-war passenger steamer built by Vickers Armstrong at Barrow-in-Furness in 1936 for service with the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company. She was sunk by air attack during the evacuation of Dunkirk in May 1940.Fenella's sister ship Tynwald was also lost during the war.
 The B 82500 is a class of hybrid multi-system diesel and overhead electificatication (1.5 kV DC 25 kV AC) powered multiple unit built by Bombardier for SNCF.The class was officially launched at Gare de Troyes on 9 October 2007 for service on the TER Champagne-Ardenne lines.
 HMS Dorking was a Hunt class minesweeper of the Royal Navy from World War I.Authorities disagree about where she was built: Colledge says Dundee Shipbuilding Company whilst both Rupert-Jones and the Royal Navy history site say Clyde Shipbuilders[1].
 INS Sagardhwani (A74) is a marine acoustic research ship (MARS) owned by the Naval Physical and Oceanographic Laboratory (NPOL) maintained and operated by the Indian Navy and based at Southern Naval Command Kochi.The ship was built by Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Kolkata launched in May 1991 and commissioned in 1994.
 HMS Swallow was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built to the dimensions of the 1719 Establishment at the Yard at Plymouth Dock (now called Devonport) and launched on 6 October 1732. She was renamed the HMS Princess Louisa in 1837.
 Sukhoi-Gulfstream S-21 was a projected Russian-American supersonic business jet.In the early 1990s Gulfstream Aerospace and the Sukhoi Design Bureau of Moscow began a joint effort to develop a supersonic small business jet code named the S-21.
 The Destrées class was a type of protected cruiser of the French Navy built in the late 1890s and which operated during the First World War.
 Demonstration and Science Experiments (DSX) is a small spacecraft developed by the U.S. Air Force Research Laboratory’s Space Vehicles Directorate to perform experiments to demonstrate the ability to operate in Medium Earth Orbit.
 The Aeros Rival is a Ukrainian single-place paraglider that was designed and produced by Aeros of Kiev introduced in 1997.
 The Liverpool Seaways is a RoPax ferry owned and operated by DFDS Seaways.
 The Audi R8 (Typ 42) is a mid-engine 2-seater sports car which uses Audi's trademark quattro permanent all-wheel drive system. It was introduced by the German automaker Audi AG in 2006.The car was exclusively designed developed and manufactured by Audi AG's high performance private subsidiary company quattro GmbH and is base to the Lamborghini Gallardo platform.
 The Siemens-Schuckert E.I was a German fighter aircraft manufactured by Siemens-Schuckert.The E type (Eindecker) monoplane first flew in late 1915. it was a monoplane with wire braced wings. powered by the Siemens-Halske Sh.I rotary engine it was armed with a single LMG 08/15 machine gun. After a successful evaluation 20 production models were built.
 The Great Western Railway (GWR) 1600 class is a class of 0-6-0 pannier tank steam locomotive.
 The Ford B-Max (stylized as Ford B-MAX) is a mini multi-purpose vehicle (MPV) manufactured by the Ford Motor Company since 2012. Built on the Ford B3 platform it was initially unveiled as a concept-car at the 2011 Geneva Motor Show and was officially launched at the 2012 Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. Production began in June 2012 and marketing of the first units started during late July.
 The SS Fanad Head was a UK cargo steamship. She was built during the First World War and torpedoed and sunk 10 days after the UK entered the Second World War.
 The R17 is a New York City Subway car class built in 1954 by the St. Louis Car Company. It was one of three car classes purchased in the mid-1950s by the New York City Transit Authority to replace much of the pre-World War II IRT High Voltage (Hi-V) rolling stock which included the Gibbs cars the Deck Roofs and the Hedley Hi-V cars.
 Sawakaze (澤風 Marsh Wind) was a Minekaze-class destroyer built for the Imperial Japanese Navy immediately following World War I. Advanced for their time these ships served as first-line destroyers through the 1930s but were considered obsolescent by the start of the Pacific War.
 The Symphony SA-160 is a CAR 523 certified two-seat single-engine high-wing airplane that was manufactured by Symphony Aircraft Industries in Trois-Rivières Quebec Canada in the mid-2000s.The SA-160 is a development of the Stoddard-Hamilton Glastar amateur-built kit aircraft and is externally similar to that design.
 HMS Varangian was a British built U class submarine a member of the third group of that class to be built. Her commander was Lt. Geoffrey J Gellie RAN. The submarine carried out patrols in the Norwegian Sea covering Arctic Convoys and seems also to have been used in a training role. She was broken up at Gateshead in 1949. Her ship's bell (inscribed HMS Varangian 1943) is in the possession of the Royal Navy Submarine Museum in Gosport UK.
 The USS Connole (FF-1056) was a Knox-class frigate. Named for Commander David R. Connole Captain of USS Trigger (SS-237) when the submarine was lost in battle in March 1945. Connole was constructed for the United States Navy by Avondale Shipyard Westwego Louisiana laid down 23 March 1967 launched 20 July 1968 and delivered 22 August 1969.
 Vasco da Gama was a central battery ironclad which entered service with the Portuguese Navy in 1876 serving until 1935. She was built by the Thames Iron Works in London launched in 1876 and completed in 1878. She served as the flagship of the Portuguese fleet for the majority of her long and peaceful career. She was rebuilt and heavily modernized between 1901 and 1903. Long-since obsolete by the 1930s Vasco da Gama was finally sold for scrapping in 1935.
 HMS Swallow was a Cruizer-class brig-sloop launched in December 1805 nine months late. She served the Royal Navy through the Napoleonic Wars capturing numerous privateers. After the end of the wars she was broken up in 1815.
 KD MAHAWANGSA is a Royal Malaysian Navy's 4300 ton multi-role support ship based at Lumut Naval Base in Perak Malaysia. It was named in honor of Merong Mahawangsa the founder of the Old Kedah. KD stands for Kapal DiRaja which means His Majesty's Ship in the Malay language.
 HMS Hermes was a Highflyer-class protected cruiser built for the Royal Navy in the 1890s. She spent much of her early career as flagship for various foreign stations before returning home in 1913 to be assigned to the reserve Third Fleet. The ship was modified later that year as the first experimental seaplane carrier in the Royal Navy.
 HMS K26 was the only modified K-class submarine of Britain's Royal Navy to be completed. One of six ordered she was laid down towards the end of the First World War but not completed until five years after its end.Six boats K23-K28 were ordered in June 1918 but the end of the war meant that only K26 was completed the remainder all being cancelled on 26 November 1918. Even so she was finished slowly.
 The LSWR 273 class was a class of 0-6-0 steam locomotives designed by William George Beattie for the London and South Western Railway (LSWR). Twelve locomotives were built between 1872 and 1873.
 Tegualda was an H class submarine of the Chilean Navy. The vessel was originally ordered by the United Kingdom's Royal Navy as HMS H16 but was handed over to Chile in 1917 as H2.
 The MD Helicopters MD 500 series is an American family of light utility civilian and military helicopters. The MD 500 was developed from the Hughes 500 a civilian version of the US Army's OH-6A Cayuse/Loach. The series currently includes the MD 500E MD 520N and MD 530F.
 Sotoyomo-class fleet tug was a class of United States Navy rescue tugs. The lead ship was the USS Sotoyomo (ATA-121) laid down in September 1942. Designed as rescue tugs the class contained some thirty-five or so ships classified as auxiliaries.
 USS Dunn County (LST-742) was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named after counties in North Dakota and Wisconsin she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.LST-742 was laid down on 12 March 1944 at Pittsburgh Pennsylvania by the Dravo Corporation of Neville Island; launched on 22 April 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Harry Lester; and commissioned on 23 May 1944 with Lieutenant Warren W. Holmes USNR in command.
 Goodyear developed the GA-400R Gizmo for one man helicopter duties such as liaison and observation.
 The Ellehammer Semi-biplane was a pioneering aircraft flown in Denmark in 1906. Jacob Ellehammer built the aircraft based on his monoplane design of the previous year. Like that aircraft it featured a large triangular wing with a motor (of Ellehammer's own design and construction) mounted beneath it.
 The BMW 3 Series Gran Turismo (also referred to as the BMW 3-series GT) is a variation of the manufacturer's 3 series model marketed as a more independent model.It is based on the V3 automobile platform and is the first generation of BMW's Progressive Activity Coupe (PAC) series. The concept debuted at the 2009 Frankfurt Auto Show as a Concept 3 Series Gran Turismo (3 GT). The V3 is meant to appeal to BMW customers looking for a smaller sportier version of the 5 series GT.
 The EC-130H Compass Call is an American airborne tactical weapon system using a heavily modified version of the C-130 Hercules airframe. It is based at Davis-Monthan AFB. The system attempts to disrupt enemy command and control communications and limits adversary coordination essential for enemy force management. Compass Call's offensive counterinformation and electronic attack capabilities are used to support U.S. and allied tactical air surface and special operations forces.
 HMS Scorpion an ironclad turret ship built at Birkenhead England was one of two sister ships that the Confederate States of America secretly ordered from the Laird shipyard in 1862. To conceal her true ownership all concerned endorsed the fiction that she was being constructed as the Egyptian warship El Tousson. She was to have been named North Carolina upon delivery to the Confederates.
 The Consolidated line or C-line was a series of diesel-electric railway locomotive designs produced by Fairbanks-Morse and its Canadian licensee the Canadian Locomotive Company. Individual locomotives in this series were commonly referred to as “C-liners”. A combined total of 165 units (123 cab-equipped lead A units and 42 cabless booster B units) were produced by F-M and the CLC between 1950 and 1955.
 The CBR1000RR known in some countries as the Fireblade is a 999 cc (61.0 cu in) liquid-cooled inline four-cylinder sport bike that was introduced by Honda in 2004 as the seventh-generation of the series of motorcycles that began with the CBR900RR in 1992.
 The Grumman TB2F was a cancelled twin-engined torpedo bomber project intended as Grumman's successor to the successful TBF Avenger. However only a mockup was ever constructed.In 1944 during World War II the Midway class aircraft carriers were being built and Grumman attempted to design a new torpedo bomber to accompany those carriers.
 HMS Gravelines (D24) was a Battle-class destroyer of the Royal Navy. She was named after the Battle of Gravelines which took place in 1588 resulting in the English Navy defeating the Spanish Armada. Gravelines was built by Cammell Laird of Birkenhead. She was launched on 30 November 1944 and commissioned on 14 June 1946.
 USS Western Spirit (ID-3164) was a cargo ship of the United States Navy that served during World War I and its immediate aftermath.`
 The Benjamin C. Cromwell was a transport schooner built from June 30 1883to October 31 1890 by Andrew J. York in South Portland Maine. York sailed as master of three sailing ships the Mattie B. Russell from June 21 1873 to March 20 1876; of the Edward Waite from 1876 to 1883; and of the schooner Benjamin C. Cromwell.The Benjamin C. Cromwell was moored either prepared to or had already taken on the lumber and naval stores before it met its end.
 The A.L.F.A 24 HP came on the market in 1910. This was the first automobile created by A.L.F.A (later Alfa Romeo). Giuseppe Merosi was the man behind engineering. The car was used for the first time in car racing in the 1911 Targa Florio. This was first commercial success for the company and the timeline of the HP series tells that the car was continuously developed onwards.
 The Global Ocean Sampling Expedition (GOS) is an ocean exploration genome project with the goal of assessing the genetic diversity in marine microbial communities and to understand their role in nature's fundamental processes.
 SS Baikal was an ice-breaking train ferry that linked the eastern and western portions of the Trans-Siberian Railroad across Lake Baikal.
 The SEAT Altea Prototipo is a 2+2 seater concept car presented by SEAT for the first time at the 2003 Frankfurt Motor Show the first SEAT model to be produced inside the Audi brand group unveiled with the aim to give a preview of the SEAT Altea's definitive road version which was meant to be launched a year later in 2004.
 The South West African 2-8-0 of 1911 was a South West African steam locomotive from the Deutsch-Südwest-Afrika era.In 1911 eight tender locomotives with a 2-8-0 Consolidation type wheel arrangement were placed in service by the Lüderitzbucht Eisenbahn (Lüderitzbucht Railway) in Deutsch-Südwest-Afrika (German South West Africa). After the First World War the territory came under South African administration and all eight locomotives came onto the roster of the South African Railways.
 The Gatard Statoplan AG 04 Pigeon was a light utility aircraft developed in France in the 1970s. It was a high-wing strut-braced monoplane with fixed tailwheel undercarriage. The wings could be quickly folded to facilitate storage or towing. As with the Gatard's previous Poussin the Pigeon was built around an unconventional flight control system that relied on varying its wings' camber to provide most of its climb rather than their angle of attack.
 SS Robert E. Peary was a Liberty ship which gained fame during World War II for being built in a shorter time than any other such vessel. Named after Robert Peary an American explorer who claimed to have been the first person to reach the geographic North Pole she was launched on November 12 1942 just 4 days 15 hours and 29 minutes after the keel was laid down.
 Amatsukaze (天津風 Heavenly Wind) was a Kagero-class destroyer of the Imperial Japanese Navy.
 The Ryūjō (龍驤) or Jo Sho Maru was a steam ironclad warship of the Imperial Japanese Navy designed by Thomas Blake Glover and built in Scotland for the private navy of the fief of Kumamoto where it was called the Jo Sho Maru. It was delivered to the new Imperial Japanese Navy on 8 May 1870 and sailed from Nagasaki to Yokohama with a British captain.
 USNS Shoshone (T-AO-151) later T-AO-151T was a United States Navy Maumee-class oiler later transport oiler in non-commissioned service with the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) later Military Sealift Command from 1957 until probably the mid-1980s.Shoshone third U.S. Navy ship to bear the name was laid down at Sun Shipbuilding and Drydock Company at Chester Pennsylvaniaon 15 August 1955 and launched on 17 January 1957 sponsored by Mrs. James E. Van Zandt.
 USS Action (PG-86) was the lead ship of the Action-class patrol boats acquired by the United States Navy for the task of patrolling American coastal waters during World War II. She is the only ship to bear this name
 The Olympia class was a class of protected cruiser operated by the United States Navy.
 The Canadian National 3254 is a preserved Canadian National class S-1-b 2-8-2 type steam locomotive. It is a part of the operating fleet at the Steamtown National Historic Site in Scranton Pennsylvania.
 Praga E-39/BH-39 was a Czechoslovakian trainer aircraft.
 MV Umoja is a Lake Victoria ferry in East Africa. She is a train ferry that Marine Services Company Limited of Mwanza Tanzania operates between Jinja Mwanza Musoma and Kisumu. Umoja means unity in Swahili. She has been involved in several accidents and is featured in a book by Paul Theroux.
 The Avia BH-10 was a single-seat aerobatic sports plane built in Czechoslovakia in 1924 based on the Avia BH-9 which was in turn developed from the BH-5 and BH-1. It was easily visually distinguished from the BH-9 by the tall anti-roll pylon added behind the open cockpit in order to protect the pilot in the event that the plane flipped over or crashed while inverted. At least 20 examples were bought by the Czechoslovakian Army as a training aircraft and operated under the designation B.10.
 NRP Bartolomeu Dias was a sloop of the Portuguese Navy. The ship was the second of the Afonso de Albuquerque-class sloop which also included the lead ship of the class the NRP Afonso de Albuquerque. These ships were classified by the Portuguese Navy as avisos coloniais de 1ª classe (colonial aviso 1st class) and were designed for colonial service in the Overseas territories of Portugal.
 The Grand Trunk Steamship Prince Rupert and her sister ship SS Prince George served the coast of British Columbia and Alaska. Prince Rupert had a 46-year career serving northern ports from Vancouver British Columbia from 1910 to 1956.Originally the two ships served on regular runs from Seattle Washington to Victoria Vancouver Prince Rupert and Stewart British Columbia. Seattle and Victoria were dropped from the route after a few years and Skagway Alaska was added.
 USS Princeton (CG-59) is a Ticonderoga-class guided missile cruiser serving in the United States Navy. Armed with naval guns and anti-air anti-surface and anti-submarine missiles plus other weapons she is equipped for surface-to-air surface-to-surface and anti-submarine warfare. She also is the home of two Seahawk LAMPS III helicopters.
 USS Washington was a revenue cutter in the United States Navy. She discovered Amistad after the slaves onboard had seized control of that schooner in an 1839 mutiny.
 The collier USS Proteus (AC-9) was laid down on 31 October 1911 by the Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company and launched on 14 September 1912. With the threat of war looming she was commissioned on 9 July 1913 to the United States Navy Master Robert J. Easton Naval Auxiliary Service in command.
 IVL C.24 was the first aircraft to be designed in Finland and built in an industrial environment. The aircraft was manufactured by IVL but only in one example.The designer of the aircraft was engineer Kurt Berger. The aircraft made its maiden flight on April 16 1924 piloted by Georg Jäderholm. The aircraft was a one seated high-wing monoplane. It was designed as a fighter but its engine was under-powered the speed moderate and flight characteristics poor.
 HMAS Rankin is the sixth and final submarine of the Collins class which are operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). Named for Lieutenant Commander Robert William Rankin the boat was laid down in 1995 and commissioned into the RAN in March 2003 following major delays.Early in her career Rankin was the subject of a documentary series and a coffee table book. She was the first submarine since 1987 to be awarded the Gloucester Cup.
 The Dodge Super Bee was a limited-production muscle car from Dodge produced from 1968 until 1971. The Super Bee model was resurrected for the 2007 2008 2009 2012 and 2013 Dodge Charger Super Bee models.
 The Goupy No.1 a.k.a. Goupy I bis was an experimental aircraft built in France during 1908 which on 5 September that year became the first French triplane to fly.[citation needed] It was designed by Ambroise Goupy and built by Aéroplanes Voisin. Unlike previous aircraft built by Voisin which had been pusher biplanes with a front elevator the Goupy No.1 was a tractor triplane with the ends of the wings connected by Voisin's characteristic side curtains.
 The Toyota Crown is a line of premium medium to full-size luxury sedans by Toyota primarily aimed at the Japanese market and sold in other select Asian markets.Introduced in 1955 it has served as the mainstream sedan from Toyota in the Japanese market throughout its existence and holds the distinction of being the longest running passenger-car nameplate affixed to any Toyota model along with being the first Toyota vehicle to be exported to the United States in 1958.
 Z9 Wolfgang Zenker was a Type 1934A-class destroyer built for the German Navy (Kriegsmarine) in the mid-1930s. Several days after the start of World War II she unsuccessfully attacked together with another destroyer Polish ships anchored at the naval base on the Hel Peninsula. In early 1940 the ship made two successful minelaying sorties off the English coast that claimed six merchant ships.
 SMS Prinz Heinrich was a unique German armored cruiser built at the turn of the 20th century for the Imperial German Navy named after Kaiser Wilhelm II's younger brother Prince Henry. Prinz Heinrich was built at the Imperial Dockyard in Kiel. She was laid down in 1898 and completed in March 1902 at the cost of 16588000 Marks.
 HMS Union was a British U class submarine of the second group of that class built by Vickers Armstrong Barrow-in-Furness. She was laid down on 9 December 1939 and was commissioned on 22 February 1941.
 USS APc-21 was a United States Navy APc-1-class small coastal transport vessel in World War II. Laid down on 24 May 1942 as Coastal Minesweeper AMc-173 at Hodgdon Brothers Goudy and Stevens East Boothbay Maine she was launched on 2 September 1942 and commissioned as APc-21 on 27 February 1943.She sailed from Maine to Brisbane Australia and served with the Seventh Fleet Amphibious Force in the South West Pacific Area conducting operations off the coast of New Guinea.
 British Rail 15107 was a locomotive commissioned by the Great Western Railway but delivered to British Railways after nationalisation. It was a diesel powered locomotive in the pre-TOPS period built by Brush Traction with a Petter 4-cylinder engine.Its shed allocation in 1950 was Western Region 82B St Philips Marsh Bristol. Number 15107 had a short life and never acquired a British Railways classification. It was withdrawn in June 1958 and broken up at Swindon Works.
 USS Odum (APD-71) ex-DE-670 was a United States Navy high-speed transport in commission from 1945 to 1946.
 USS Moose (IX-124) an Armadillo-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the moose a large ruminant animal of the deer family found in Canada and the northern United States. Originally named Mason L. Weems she was renamed Moose 27 October 1943. Her keel was laid down on 1 November 1943 by Delta Shipbuilding Company in New Orleans Louisiana (T. 2.ETI.S.C3).
 The BSA Fury was a Birmingham Small Arms Company (BSA) prototype motorcycle made in 1970. Designed by Edward Turner but substantially redesigned by Bert Hopwood and Doug Hele the Fury never went into commercial production due to the collapse of the BSA Group.
 USS Samuel N. Moore (DD-747) an Allen M. Sumner-class destroyer is the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Samuel N. Moore. He took command of Quincy (CA-39) on 20 May 1942 and died on the night of 9 August 1942 when that cruiser was sunk while fighting in the Battle of Savo Island.Samuel N. Moore (DD-747) was laid down on 30 September 1943 by the Bethlehem Steel Company Shipbuilding Yard Staten Island New York; launched on 23 February 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Samuel N.
 USS Tolman (DD-740/DM-28/MMD-28) was a Robert H. Smith-class destroyer minelayer in the United States Navy. She was named for Commander Charles E. Tolman.Tolman was laid down as DD-740 on 10 April 1944 at Bath Maine by the Bath Iron Works; reclassified a destroyer minelayer and redesignated DM-28 on 19 July; launched on 13 August 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Helen Tolman; and commissioned on 27 October 1944 Commander Clifford Arthur Johnson in command.
 HMS Greyhound was a modified Royal Navy Mermaid-class sixth-rate frigate. She was first commissioned in October 1775 under Captain Archibald Dickson.
 German submarine U-446 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She carried out no patrols. She did not sink or damage any ships.She was sunk in September 1942 by a mine. She was raised in November and scuttled in May 1945. She was broken up in 1947.
 The Martin B-33 was a World War II American bomber aircraft. It was designed by the Glenn L. Martin Company as the Martin Model 190 and was a high-altitude derivative of the company's B-26 Marauder. Two different designs were developed first as a twin-engined aircraft and then as a four-engined aircraft. The four-engined version was ordered by the United States Army Air Forces but the program was cancelled before any aircraft were built.
 The Grégoire is a luxury car produced from 1950 to 1954 by the French automaker 'Hotchkiss only about 247 were produced.The serial numbers are 500 to 747 making this model one of the rarest made.In 1950s France the Grégoire would have been seen as a large car.The Grégoire was a modern-looking four-door saloon.
 Tsugaru (津軽) was an protected cruiser of the Imperial Japanese Navy acquired as a prize of war during the Russo-Japanese War from the Imperial Russian Navy where it was originally known as the Pallada. The cruisers Aurora and Diana were its sister ships.
 See also the Ferrari 125 F1 a Formula One race car sharing the same engineThe Ferrari 125 S (commonly 125 or 125 Sport) was the first vehicle produced and built by automaker Ferrari of Modena Italy. Although preceded by Enzo Ferrari's Auto Avio Costruzioni 815 of 1940 the 125 S was the first vehicle to bear the Ferrari name when it debuted on May 11 1947 at the Piacenza racing circuit.
 Swing Door trains commonly known as Dogboxes or Doggies were wooden-bodied electric multiple unit (EMU) trains that operated on the suburban railway network of Melbourne Victoria Australia.Swing Door cars had outward-opening doors. They were reasonably narrow to ensure that two passing trains could not foul each other if doors were accidentally left open. At certain locations clearances were tight and there are stories of Swing Door cars losing doors that were not closed.
 USS Strickland (DE-333) was an Edsall-class destroyer escort built for the U.S. Navy during World War II. She served in the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean and provided destroyer escort protection against submarine and air attack for Navy vessels and convoys. Post-war she served the U.S. Navy in other tasks including that of a radar picket ship.She was named in honor of Ensign Everett C. Strickland who was killed on 9 August 1942 during the Battle of Savo Island.
 SMS Bremse was a Brummer-class minelaying light cruiser of the German Kaiserliche Marine. She was built by AG Vulcan Stettin in 1915 and launched on 11 March 1916 at Stettin Germany the second of the two-ship class after her sister SMS Brummer. She served during the First World War operating for most of the time in company with her sister.
 HMS Despatch was a Danae-class light cruiser of the Royal Navy. She was launched from the yards of Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company on 24 September 1919 and commissioned on 2 June 1922.Despatch had a relatively quiet wartime career compared to her sisters. She was operating in the South Atlantic for the early part of the war where she captured the German merchant Düsseldorf and intercepted the German merchant Troja.
 USS Vamarie (IX-47) was a ketch-rigged ocean racing yacht designed by Jasper Morgan of Cox & Stevens Inc. and built in 1933 at Bremen Germany by Abeking and Rasmussen for S. Vadim Makaroff of Oyster Bay Long Island.With Makaroff at the helm the slim racing yacht participated in nine ocean races between 1934 and 1936 sailing over 30000 miles.
 The 3900 class are a class of electric locomotives built by Walkers Limited Maryborough for Queensland Rail between 1988 and 1990.
 This page is about the long range cruiser. For the World War I commerce raider see SMS Seeadler (1878).SMS Seeadler (His Majesty's Ship Seeadler—Sea Eagle) was an unprotected cruiser of the Bussard class the third member of a class of six ships built by the German Kaiserliche Marine (Imperial Navy). Her sister ships included Bussard the lead ship along with Falke Condor Cormoran and Geier.
 HMS Dulverton was a Hunt-class mine countermeasures vessel of the British Royal Navy launched in 1982 and converted in 1997 into a patrol vessel. The ship was declared surplus to requirement and put on the MoD list for disposal in 2004.
 HMS E51 was a British E class submarine built originally ordered from Yarrow Scotstoun but transferred to Scotts Greenock on 3 March 1915. HMS E51 was laid down on 30 November 1916 and commissioned on 27 January 1917.HMS E51 was sold on 13 October 1921.
 The Dodge Omni and the similar Plymouth Horizon were front wheel drive cars introduced by the Dodge and Plymouth divisions of the Chrysler Corporation in North America in December 1977 for the 1978 model year. They were based on a European Simca-based design of the same name. They were the first of many successful front-wheel drive models such as the Dodge Aries/Plymouth Reliant and the Dodge Caravan/Plymouth Voyager which helped return Chrysler to profitability.
 The Emanuele Filiberto was a pre-dreadnought battleship built for the Italian Navy (Italian: Regia Marina) during the 1890s. Her keel was laid down in October 1893 and she was launched in September 1897; work was completed in April 1902. She had one sister ship Ammiraglio di Saint Bon the lead ship of the Ammiraglio di Saint Bon class.
 The Flight Team Twister is a German ultralight trike designed and produced by Flight Team UG & Company AG of Ippesheim. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 The 500 series (500系 Gohyaku-kei) is a Shinkansen high-speed train type operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West) on the Tokaido Shinkansen and Sanyo Shinkansen lines in Japan. They were designed to be capable of 320 km/h (200 mph) but operated at 300 km/h (185 mph) until they were finally retired from the primary Nozomi service in 2010. The trainsets were then refurbished and downgraded to the all-stations Kodama service between Shin-Osaka and Hakata.
 The Mahindra Quanto is a compact sport utility vehicle (SUV) designed and manufactured by the Indian Mahindra & Mahindra Limited. It is based on the Mahindra Xylo but with a shorter rear layout to fall under the four metre threshold. It has its spare wheel mounted at the back of the car.
 The L & N Steam Locomotive No. 152 is a historic 4-6-2 Pacific Class locomotive on the National Register of Historic Places currently at the Kentucky Railway Museum at New Haven Kentucky in southernmost Nelson County Kentucky. It is the oldest known remaining 4-6-2 Pacific to exist.
 The CAC Woomera also known as the CAC CA-4 and CAC CA-11 was an Australian bomber aircraft which was designed and manufactured by the Commonwealth Aircraft Corporation during World War II. The order for the Woomera was cancelled before it became operational with the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF).
 USS Enaj (SP-578) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1918.Enaj was built as a private steam yacht of the same name by the Herreshoff Manufacturing Company at Bristol Rhode Island in 1909. On 11 June 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired her under a free lease from her owner for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. She was commissioned the same day as USS Enaj (SP-578) with Ensign L. F. Herreshoff USNRF in command.
 The Para-Ski VX is a Canadian powered parachute that was designed and produced by Para-Ski of Mascouche Quebec. The aircraft was supplied as a completed aircraft or as component kits for amateur construction.
 USS Tarpon (SS-175) second ship of this name was laid down on 22 December 1933 at Groton Connecticut by the Electric Boat Corporation; launched on 4 September 1935; sponsored by Miss Eleanore Katherine Roosevelt daughter of Assistant Secretary of the Navy Henry L. Roosevelt; and commissioned on 12 March 1936 Lt. Leo L.
 USS Euryale (AS-22) was built in 1941 by the Federal Shipbuilding and Drydock Company in Kearny New Jersey as the Hawaiian Merchant. She was acquired by the United States Navy on 15 April 1943 and commissioned 2 December 1943 with Captain H. A. Guthrie in command.Euryale reached Brisbane Australia from New York City 5 March 1944 and after loading provisions and supplies sailed for Milne Bay New Guinea.
 The Low Floor Series (LF) bus is a series of transit buses manufactured by NovaBus for North American customers. The LF series is similar to Den Oudsten Alliance series which delivered demonstrators in 1993 (LFS demo was rolled out in 1994).
 The Mercedes-Benz R231 is a chassis code for the current generation of the SL-Class roadster replacing the R230. The car was released in March 2012 and uses Mercedes-Benz's new 4.6 litre V8 engine with a power output of 435 hp (324 kW). AMG version of the roadster will follow. The new SL is 140 kg (around 308 lbs) lighter than the previous being made almost entirely out of aluminium
 INS Vindhyagiri (F42) was a Nilgiri-class frigate of the Indian Navy. Vindhyagiri was commissioned on 8 July 1981 but capsized after colliding with a merchant vessel on 30 January 2011. It was subsequently salvaged and then decommissioned on June 11 2012. It served for 31 years in the navy and in its prime served as the flagship of the Western Naval Command. It was decommissioned a year earlier than envisaged due to the collision.
 A total of 52 Boeing 747 aircraft first flown commercially in 1970 have been involved in accidents and incidents resulting in a hull loss meaning that the aircraft has either been destroyed or has been damaged beyond economical repair. Of the 52 Boeing 747 aircraft losses 25 resulted in no loss of life; in one a hostage was murdered; and in one a terrorist died. Some of the aircraft declared damaged beyond economical repair were older 747s that sustained relatively minor damage.
 HMS Amethyst was a third-class protected cruiser of the Topaze class of the Royal Navy. She was launched in 1904 served during World War I at the Dardanelles and Gallipoli in the Mediterranean and the South Atlantic. She was sold for scrap in 1920.
 HMS Belette (or Bellette) was an 18-gun Cruizer-class brig-sloop built by King at Dover and launched on 21 March 1806. During the Napoleonic Wars she served with some success in the Baltic and the Caribbean. Belette was lost in the Kattegat in 1812 when she hit a rock off Læsø.
 The Proton-K also designated Proton 8K82K after its GRAU index 8K82K was a Russian previously Soviet carrier rocket derived from the earlier Proton. It was built by Khrunichev and launched from sites 81 and 200 at the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.The maiden flight on 10 March 1967 carried a Soyuz 7K-L1 as part of the Zond program.
 The Spirit of St. Louis (Registration: N-X-211) is the custom-built single engine single-seat monoplane that was flown solo by Charles Lindbergh on May 20–21 1927 on the first non-stop flight from New York to Paris for which Lindbergh won the $25000 Orteig Prize.Lindbergh took off in the Spirit from Roosevelt Airfield Garden City (Long Island) New York and landed 33 hours 30 minutes later at Aéroport Le Bourget in Paris France a distance of approximately 3600 miles (5800 km).
 The Dido class was a class of sixteen (including the Bellona sub-class) light cruisers built for the Royal Navy. The design was influenced by the Arethusa-class light cruisers. The first group of three ships was commissioned in 1940 the second group (six ships) and third group (two ships) were commissioned in 1941–1942. The Bellona-class ships commissioned between 1943 to 1944. Most members of the class given names drawn from classical history and legend.
 The Milholland Legal Eagle is an American high wing strut-braced single engine tractor configuration conventional landing gear-equipped ultralight aircraft that is available as plans from Better Half VW of Brookshire Texas and also produced in kit form by J&N Bolding Enterprises of Baytown Texas and intended for amateur construction.The Legal Eagle is so named because it is capable of being built in legal compliance with the United States FAR 103 Ultralight Vehicles regulations even when equipped with a four stroke engine.
 The Scoville Stardust JS-2 is a homebuilt aircraft designed for air racing.
 The SZD-35 Bekas (Snipe) is a two seater glider aircraft that was designed and built in Poland.
 The Supermarine Attacker was a British single-seat naval jet fighter built by Supermarine for the Royal Navy's Fleet Air Arm (FAA). It was the FAA's first jet fighter.
 HMS L33 was a British L class submarine built by Swan Hunter Wallsend. She was laid down on 26 September 1917 and was commissioned on an unknown date.L33 was sold in February 1932 in Sunderland.
 The Gulfstream G280 is an twin-engined business jet built under licence by IAI in Israel for Gulfstream Aerospace. It began delivery to users in 2012.
 HMS Firedrake was a modified Acheron-class destroyer named after the firedrake of Teutonic mythology and the sixth ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name.
 The CSS Tuscaloosa was a ship captured by the Confederate States Navy during the American Civil War and was originally known as the American bark Conrad. While en route from Buenos Aires to New York with a cargo of wool and goat skins she was captured by the CSS Alabama on June 20 1863 during the CSS Alabama's South Atlantic Expeditionary Raid. Being fast and well adapted for a cruiser Capt.
 The Curtiss-Wright KD2C Skeet was an American target drone produced by Curtiss-Wright that began development in 1945. The Skeet was a pulsejet-powered air-launched expendable drone designed for the U.S. Navy for fleet gunnery training. It could use a 36-centimeter (14-inch) McDonnell J-11 McDonnell J-9 or Continental pulsejet engine. Control was provided by two axis elevators and ailerons through a radio receiver and gyro stabilizing system.
 USS Coates (DE-685) was a Rudderow-class destroyer escort in the United States Navy during World War II and later in the 1950s and 1960s.Coates was launched 12 December 1943 by Bethlehem Steel Company Quincy Massachusetts; sponsored by Mrs. A. M. Bledsoe wife of Captain Bledsoe; commissioned 24 January 1944 Lieutenant W. S. Wills USNR in command; and reported to the Atlantic Fleet.
 Sisu KB-112 is a three-axle lorry made by the Finnish heavy vehicle manufacturer Suomen Autoteollisuus (SAT) in 1962–1969. The vehicle was equipped with a technically advanced tiltable cabin. Its two-axle variant is KB-117 which was produced 1964–1969. Both versions were only produced small numbers.KB-112 and KB-117 were followed by Sisu M-series.
 USNS PFC Dewayne T. Williams (T-AK-3009) is a 2nd Lt John P. Bobo-class dry cargo ship one of the maritime prepositioning ships of the US Navy. She is named after Medal of Honor recipient and US Marine Dewayne T. Williams.She was built by General Dynamics Quincy Shipbuilding Division Quincy Massachusetts and acquired by the Navy under a long-term charter from 6 June 1985. The navy placed her under the direction of the Military Sealift Command as MV PFC Dewayne T.
 The Kamov Ka-25 (NATO reporting name 'Hormone') was a naval helicopter developed for the Soviet Navy in the USSR from 1958.
 HMS Avenger was a wooden paddle wheel frigate of the Royal Navy launched in 1845 and wrecked with heavy loss of life in 1847.
 The MG ZS is a sports family car. The ZS is essentially a tuned version of the Rover 45 (which was launched in 1999). The 45 in turn is a facelifted version of the Rover 400 which was launched in hatchback form in 1995 and saloon form in 1996. The Rover 400 had much in common with the Honda Civic of 1995-1999 but more so with the Honda Domani (1997-2000) or Isuzu Gemini (1993-1996).
 The South Australian Railways Model 55 and 75 Brill railcars were two types of railcars that served the South Australian Railways for several decades (1925–1971). Introduced to run on country rail services the Barwell Bulls serviced most of the state's railway lines until they were eventually replaced by both the Bluebird and Redhen railcars with the last units withdrawn from SAR service in 1971.
 The Rolls-Royce Phantom III was the final large pre-war Rolls-Royce. Introduced in 1936 it replaced the Phantom II and it was the only V12 Rolls-Royce until the 1998 introduction of the Silver Seraph.727 V12 Phantom III chassis were constructed from 1936 to 1939 and many have survived. Although chassis production ceased in 1939 (with one final chassis being built in 1940) cars were still being bodied and delivered in 1940 and 1941.
 This article is about the 1980s motorcycle for the scooter see Suzuki Katana AY50The Suzuki Katana is a sport motorcycle designed in 1979–1980 by the southern Bavarian firm Target Design at the request of Suzuki of Germany specifically for their market.[citation needed]The Katana name was later applied to a range of sport touring motorcycles in North America through the 2006 model year (also offered in Europe but without the Katana moniker) and starting at the change of the millennium to a line of 49 cc / 50 cc scooters in Europe.
 USS Fogg (DE/DER-57) a Buckley-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy was named in honor of Carleton Thayer Fogg (1917–1942) who was killed in action while serving aboard the aircraft carrier Enterprise during the initial attack Kwajalein 1 February 1942.Fogg was launched on 20 March 1943 by Bethlehem Steel Shipyard Hingham Massachusetts; sponsored by Mrs. Adelbert W. Fogg mother of Lieutenant (junior grade) Fogg and commissioned on 7 July 1943 Lieutenant Commander Charles F.
 The Gallaudet D-4 was an unusual biplane designed and built by Gallaudet Aircraft Company for the United States Navy. It was powered by a Liberty L-12 engine buried within the fuselage which turned a large four-bladed propeller attached to a ring around the center fuselage. Only two were constructed with the second being accepted by the Navy for service as an observation aircraft.
 HNLMS Noordbrabant (Dutch: Hr.Ms. Noordbrabant) was a Holland class protected cruiser of the Royal Netherlands Navy.
 The Audi quattro concept is a concept car produced by Audi and presented at the Paris Motor Show in 2010. It commemorates the 30th anniversary of the original Audi Quattro and the Audi quattro four wheel drive system. Based on the Audi RS5 it features a modified 2.5L five-cylinder TFSI engine and the sixth generation of quattro transmission. It had been reported that Audi are considering a limited production model (200–500 cars) based on the quattro concept but the project was shelved in 2012.
 USS Sea Bird (1863) was a captured Confederate schooner acquired by the Union Navy from the prize court during the American Civil War. She was put into service as a gunboat by the Union Navy to patrol navigable waterways of the Confederacy to prevent the South from trading with other countries.
 Andrastra is a submarine design concept announced by the French shipbuilder DCNS in 2008. A development of the Scorpène class submarine and based on the previous SMX-23 concept it is a smaller vessel optimised for shallow water operations. DCNS advertising material for the ship concept in a PDF document with a date-time stamp of October 19 2008 includes information and digital illustrations that reveal the torpedo tube configuration and other details.
 The French brig Alerte was launched in 1787 and captured by the Royal Navy at Toulon in 1793. The British set her on fire when they evacuated Toulon later that year. After the French rebuilt her as Alerte she served at the Battle of Aboukir Bay. The British recaptured her in 1799 and took her into service as Minorca. Minorca was sold in 1802.
 The Neoplan N4009 is a low-floor midibus built by Neoplan between 1988 and 1999 initially at Stuttgart in Germany and later also in Poland. It is the smaller version of the Neoplan N4016 city bus.
 SS Erinpura was a passenger liner built for the British-India Steam Navigation Company in 1911. She was the first British India ship built for Eastern service to be fitted with radio. She was sunk in the Mediterranean during World War II.
 The B class of 1899 was a class of steam locomotives that operated on New Zealand's national rail network. An earlier B class of Double Fairlies had entered service in 1874 but as they had departed from the ownership of the New Zealand Railways (NZR) by the end of 1896 the B classification was free to be re-used. Despite early difficulties they were amongst NZRs' most influential designs.
 The Toyota Mark X ZiO is a CUV manufactured that was produced by Toyota Motor Corporation from 2007 to 2013. It replaces the Toyota Opa MPV and was exclusive to Toyota Japan dealerships Toyopet Store sold alongside the Toyota Mark X sedan.The 4+Free concept allows for a wide range of interior configuration.The ZiO's three mode cabin can accommodate from four to seven passengers. In personal sedan mode a tonneau board with dual tonneau covers creates a sedan like vehicle.
 HMS Exmouth was a Royal Navy anti-submarine warfare frigate of the Blackwood or Type 14 class.Exmouth became the first major British warship to be powered by gas turbine engines alone when in 1966 she was taken in hand and was refitted with a combined gas or gas (COGOG) arrangement. The main reason behind the conversion of Exmouth was to trial the (then) new Marine Olympus which had been selected as the turbine for the Type 82 destroyer and the Type 19 high-speed anti-submarine frigate.
 The Tupolev MTB-2 (Russian: Морской Тяжелый Бомбардировщик — Heavy Naval Bomber) also known as the ANT-44 was a four-engine prototype flying boat designed in the Soviet Union in 1935.
 Go Jun Bong Class LST (Hangul: 고준봉급 전차상륙함 Hanja: 孤準峰級戰車上陸艦) is an Amphibious Landing Ship class of the Republic of Korea Navy.
 The ZF 9HP is a nine-speed automatic transmission designed but not built by ZF Friedrichshafen AG subsidiary ZF Getriebe GmbH in Saarbrücken. As a front-transverse transmission it will debut in front-wheel drive and all-wheel drive vehicles. ZF touts the new design as being able to save an average of 16% in fuel usage over current 6-speed automatic transmissions. The tentative gear ratio spread is 9.81:1.
 The Deepak class is a class of fleet replenishment tankers of the Indian Navy built by Fincantieri. Two ships were ordered and the first one joined the fleet on 21 January 2011 while the second joined on 1 October 2011.
 The Douglas mailplanes were a family of 1920s American single-seat mail planes designed and built by the Douglas Aircraft Company. The aircraft were used to run the main routes of the United States Air Mail service until the introduction of three-engined aircraft in 1928.
 HMS Selkirk was a Hunt-class minesweeper of the British Royal Navy named after the Scottish town of Selkirk.Following a successful Warship Week National Savings campaign in March 1942 she was adopted by the civil community of Thorne near Doncaster in the West Riding of Yorkshire.
 The Bahia class was a pair of scout cruisers built for Brazil by Armstrong Whitworth in the United Kingdom based on a design that borrowed heavily from the British Adventure-class scout cruisers. The class comprised the lead ship Bahia and her sister Rio Grande do Sul along with a canceled third ship Ceara. Both were named after states of Brazil.
 The DB Class 472/473 is a three-car electric multiple unit train for the Hamburg S-Bahn. They were built to service the new lines through the city tunnel (opened 1975) to Harburg (opened 1983) and to Neugraben (opened 1984). The livery was beige blue at first but it was changed to verkehrsrot (traffic-red) in 1997.
 HMS Paulina was a British Royal Navy 16-gun brig-sloop of the Seagull class launched in December 1805 for cruising. She had a relatively uneventful career before she was sold in 1816.
 The Toyota Verso (codenamed ZGR20 or AUR20) is a 5-door estate compact MPV by the Japanese automaker Toyota. The Verso was revealed at the 2009 Geneva Motor Show in March 2009 as the successor of the Toyota Corolla Verso. Available in 5 or 7 seat derivatives it is positioned below the Wish and above the Ractis in Japan the Verso-S in Europe and the Space Verso in Israel. The Verso is the safest MPV according to Euro NCAP’s test results for 2010.
 The Westland Welkin was a British twin-engine heavy fighter from the Westland Aircraft Company designed to fight at extremely high altitudes in the stratosphere; the word welkin meaning the vault of heaven or the upper atmosphere. First conceived in 1940 it was built from 1942–43 in response to the arrival of modified Junkers Ju 86P bombers flying reconnaissance missions that suggested the Luftwaffe might attempt to re-open the bombing of England from high altitude.
 The Hartnett is an automobile which was produced by the Hartnett Motor Company Ltd in Australia from 1951 to 1955.
 Crusader (AV2767) was an Australian Army amphibious operations support ship of World War II. She was launched shortly before the war ended and entered service in late 1945. From 1945 to 1947 she was mainly used to return Australian Army equipment from the islands off New Guinea. She was also loaned to the Australian Shipping Control Board in early 1947 and transported earth moving equipment and timber between Melbourne and Tasmania.
 La Sibylle was a Diane-class submarine of the French Navy. She was launched on 28 January 1932. La Sibylle was sunk by Allied forces off Casablanca on 8 November 1942.
 The South African Class 15CA 4-8-2 of 1926 is a South African steam locomotive from the South African Railways era.In 1926 the South African Railways placed twenty-three Class 15CA steam locomotives with a 4-8-2 Mountain type wheel arrangement in service. Another sixty-one were ordered and delivered in 1929 and 1930.
 The Airmass Sunburst is an American ultralight aircraft that was designed by John Massey and produced by Airmass Inc. in the early 1980s. The aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 The Bricklin EVX/LS was a planned plug-in hybrid electric vehicle from auto maker Visionary Vehicles. The car was to be a 4 door 5-passenger luxury sedan. The EVX/LS would go from zero to sixty miles per hour in 5.9 seconds with an 850-mile range at 100 mpg. The fuel would be a hybrid of gasoline and electricity with a lithium-ion battery. Visionary Vehicles was looking to charge around $35000. The company was looking to premiere the vehicle in production in 2010.
 The R21 was a New York City Subway car built by St. Louis Car Company in 1956-1957. The R21 was similar to the R17 except that it featured windows of a slightly different design. Two different propulsion system were used Westinghouse (WH) and General Electric (GE).The first set of R21s was placed in service on the 1 train on November 7 1956.
 The Martin Mace (designated as TM-76 tactical missile until 1963 then as MGM-13 for mobile-launched and CGM-13 for container-launched versions) is a tactical surface-to-surface missile developed from the MGM-1 Matador.
 The Vale class was a class of five Rendel (or flat-iron) gunboats built for the Royal Norwegian Navy between 1874 and 1878. Small nimble vessels they were armed with a single large calibre muzzle-loading gun for offensive purposes and several small quick firing guns for self-defence.
 GAZ-3310 Valdai - Russia's Medium-class flat bed truck category N2 MCV producing in late 2003 at the Gorky Automobile Plant. Unlike Light commercial vehicle «GAZelle requires to manage a driving license category C (Russian classification categories of vehicles).
 The Bushcaddy L-160 is a Canadian kit aircraft that was designed by Jean Eudes Potvin and produced by Club Aeronautique Delisle Incorporated Canadian Light Aircraft Sales and Service and most recently by Bushcaddy. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 The Chamak class missile boats of the Indian Navy were an Indian variant of the Soviet Osa II class.
 The Lilienthal Bekas (Lilienthal Snipe in English Лиленталь Х-32 Беҝас in Russian) is a 2/3 seat high wing single engine pusher ultralight from Ukraine. First flown in 1993 it has been produced in large numbers and in several variants.
 The Great Bear number 111 was a locomotive of the Great Western Railway. It was the first 4-6-2 (Pacific) locomotive used on a railway in Great Britain and the only one of that type ever built by the GWR.
 HDMS Lougen was a Danish naval brig launched in 1805. She saw service in the Danish navy and participated in two notable actions against the British Royal Navy during the Gunboat War. In 1814 as a result of the Treaty of Kiel the Danes transferred her to the Norwegian navy. The Norwegians sold her to German merchants in the Scheld in 1825. She was finally shipwrecked near Bremerhafen in 1881.
 The Arrow Model F or the Arrow Sport V-8 was a two-seat low-wing braced monoplane aircraft built in the United States between 1934 and 1938. It was built originally to a request by the US Bureau of Air Commerce to investigate the feasibility of using automobile engines to power aircraft. Accordingly the Model F was fitted with a modified Ford V8 engine.
 HMCS Kirkland Lake was a River-class frigate that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. She served primarily as a convoy escort in the Battle of the Atlantic. She was named for Kirkland Lake Ontario.Originally named St. Jerome she was ordered in June 1942 as part of the 1942-1943 River-class building program. She was laid down on 16 November 1943 by Morton Engineering & Dry Dock Co. at Quebec City and launched 27 April 1944.
 The second USS Yosemite was a steamer of the United States Navy that served briefly as a tender .
 The Honda Unicorn is a motorcycle developed by Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India (HMSI) and introduced in 2005. The motorcycle was built and designed by the Honda R&D team based in Osaka Japan. It was internally called the CBF150M. The engine was taken from CRF150F post 2005 engine. The previous version of CRF150F was the old CBZ classic. The design of the bike was done keeping in mind Indian road conditions.
 The 1957 Chevrolet is a car which was introduced by the Chevrolet division of General Motors in September 1956. It was available in three series models: the upscale Bel Air the mid-range two-ten and the one-fifty. A two-door station wagon the Nomad was produced as a Bel Air model. An upscale trim option called the Delray was available for two-ten 2-door sedans. It is a popular and sought after classic car.
 Chief Oshkosh aka Buster is a homebuilt racing plane designed to compete in the 1931 American Cirrus Races.
 HMS Northumberland was a 70-gun third-rate ship of the line of the English Royal Navy launched at Bristol in 1679.
 The Pansio class minelayers is a three-strong class of mine warfare vessels used by the Finnish Navy built between 1991 and 1992. The vessels can also be used for transport or to supply the naval forts. The vessels can carry a 100-ton load.The ships are referred to as mine ferries in the Finnish Navy.
 The Plymouth Gran Fury is an automobile manufactured by the Chrysler Corporation to signify Plymouth's largest full-size automobile from 1975 to 1977. The nameplate would be used on successive downsizings first in 1980 and again in 1982 through what would originally have been intermediate and compact classes in the early 1970s all with conventional rear-wheel drive layouts.
 MV Loch Seaforth is the new Caledonian MacBrayne ferry being built for the Stornoway to Ullapool crossing. She was launched on 21 March 2014.
 HMS Blazer is an Archer-class patrol vessel of the Royal Navy. She was built by Vosper Thornycroft. She is just over 20 metres long and 5.8 metres wide and powered by two Rolls-Royce turbo engines. The ship is based at HMS Nelson the shore base in Portsmouth and was commissioned in 1988.She has four crew plus a commanding officer and sails with a training officer and a complement of students.
 Stardust was a 300-kilogram robotic space probe launched by NASA on February 7 1999. Its primary mission was to collect dust samples from the coma of comet Wild 2 as well as samples of cosmic dust and return these to Earth for analysis. It was the first sample return mission of its kind. En route to Comet Wild 2 the craft also flew by and studied the asteroid 5535 Annefrank.
 USRC Virginia was a schooner built in 1797 for the United States Revenue Cutter Service at Portsmouth Virginia. At the outset of the Quasi-War in 1798 the only ships available to the Navy were the 10 ships of the Revenue cutter service the largest of which was the Virginia. She was transferred to the Navy in 1798 and served in the Quasi War until 1800 when she was returned to the Revenue Cutter Service recommissioned in 1802 and sold in 1807.
 SS Henry was a Norwegian steam-powered cargo ship best known for being one of the two ships sunk in one of the most controversial incidents in Norway during the Second World War.
 Bombardier TRAXX is a modular product platform of electric and Diesel-electric mainline locomotives built by Bombardier Transportation built in both freight and passenger variants. The first version was a dual voltage AC locomotive built from 2000 for German railways; later versions include DC versions as well as quadruple voltage machines able to operate on most European electrification schemes: 1.5/3.0 kV DC and 15/25 kV AC.
 HMS Scorpion was a Dutch hoy that the Admiralty purchased in 1794. She was commissioned into the Royal Navy in March 1794 under Lieutenant Thomas Crocker for the Channel Islands. She and several of her sister ships (Lion Eagle Repulse and Tiger) formed part of a short-lived squadron under Philippe d'Auvergne at Jersey. She was paid off in 1795 but recommissioned in September under Lieutenant George Bell. In June 1799 Lieutenant William Osborn assumed command.
 The Farman Moustique is a family of French monoplanes built by the Société des Aéroplanes Henry et Maurice Farman and Billancourt.Shortly after the end of World War I Farman introduced a low powered single seat monoplane for sport and tourism. It flew for the first time in May 1919 and was named the Moustique (in English Mosquito). A little later aircraft of this kind became known in the UK as motor gliders the subjects of the first Lympne Trials of 1923.
 MV Leirna is a ro-ro ferry operated by SIC Ferries.
 USS Louisiana (BB-19) was a Connecticut-class battleship of the United States Navy. She was the third ship to carry her name.Louisiana was laid down on 7 February 1903 by the Newport News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company of Newport News Virginia; launched on 27 August 1904; sponsored by Miss Juanita LaLande and commissioned on 2 June 1906 Captain Albert R. Couden in command.
 TSS Mona’s Isle V the fifth ship in the line's history to bear the name was a passenger vessel operated by the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company from 1951 to 1980. She was the last of the company's ships to use low pressure turbines.
 USS C. W. Morse (ID 1966) was a paddle wheel steamer built in 1903 which was leased by the U.S. Navy for service during World War I. She served as a receiving ship in New York harbor during the war. Post-war she was decommissioned and returned to her former owner.
 USS Wolverine (IX-64) was a freshwater aircraft carrier of the United States Navy during World War II. The Navy converted her from a paddlewheeler coal-burning steamer in order to use her for advanced training for naval aviators in carrier take-offs and landings. The Navy decommissioned Wolverine in 1945 and sold her for scrap in 1947.
 USS Skipper (AMc-104) was an Accentor-class coastal minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.Skipper a coastal minesweeper was laid down on 21 May 1941 by H. G. Marr of Damariscotta Maine; launched on 16 January 1942 sponsored by Miss Irene Jones and placed in service on 29 May 1942.
 USS Ranger (CV-4) was the first ship of the United States Navy to be designed and built from the keel up as an aircraft carrier. Ranger was a relatively small ship closer in size and displacement to the first US carrier—Langley—than later ships. An island superstructure was not included in the original design but was added after completion.
 The Windward Performance Perlan II (English: Pearl) is an American mid-wing two-seats-in-tandem pressurized experimental research glider that was designed by Greg Cole and is being built by Windward Performance for the Perlan Project.
 Natsushio (夏潮 lit. “Summer Tide”) was the sixth vessel to be commissioned in the 19-vessel Kagerō-class destroyers built for the Imperial Japanese Navy in the late-1930s under the Circle Three Supplementary Naval Expansion Program (Maru San Keikaku).
 The Scaled Composites Model 348 White Knight Two (WK2) is a jet-powered cargo aircraft which is used to lift the SpaceShipTwo spacecraft to release altitude. It was developed by Scaled Composites in 2007-2010 as the first stage of Tier 1b a two-stage to suborbital-space manned launch system.
 HMIS Cornwallis (L09) was an Aubretia class sloop originally built during World War I and commissioned as HMS Lychnis in the Royal Navy (RN) in 1917. She was transferred to the Royal Indian Marine (RIM) and commissioned as Cornwallis in 1921.She served during World War II in the Royal Indian Navy (RIN) the successor to the RIM. Her pennant number was changed to U09 in 1940. Although originally built as a minesweeper she was primarily used as a convoy escort during the war.
 USS John Hancock was a steam tug in the United States Navy during the 1850s. She was named for the early patriot John Hancock.
 USS Spikefish (SS/AGSS-404) a Balao-class submarine was a ship of the United States Navy. Spikefish was the first United States submarine to record 10000 dives. Spikefish is a name given to the marlins or spearfish in the family Istiophridae usually applied to the striped marlin in the Pacific off the west coast of the United States.
 USS Chase - Navy ArchivesUSS Chase (DE-158/APD-54) a Buckley-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy was named in honor of Admiral Jehu V. Chase (1869-1937).Chase was launched 24 April 1943 by Norfolk Navy Yard; sponsored by Mrs. J. V. Chase ; and commissioned 18 July 1943 Lieutenant Commander V. B. Staadecker USNR in command.
 Chernihiv (U310) is a Natya class minesweeper of the Ukrainian Navy. Since 5th March 2014 Lutsk has been blocked on the Donuzlav Lake.
 German submarine U-2322 was a highly advanced Type XXIII U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine in 1944. U-2322 was one of just a few such boats to undertake an operational patrol and one of only three to undergo two. During these patrols she succeeded in sinking a single British freighter one of five ships sunk by this submarine class.U-2321 was built at Hamburg in just four months being ready by July 1944.
 The North Carolina class was a group of two fast battleships North Carolina and Washington built for the United States Navy in the late 1930s and early 1940s. The navy was originally uncertain whether the ships should be fast enough to counter the Japanese Kongō class which was believed by the United States to be capable of 26 knots (30 mph; 48 km/h) or should sacrifice speed for additional firepower and armor.
 USS Rockbridge (APA-228) was a Haskell-class attack transport of the VC2-S-AP5 model in the United States Navy during World War II and the years following. She was named for Rockbridge County in Virginia.Rockbridge was laid down for the Maritime Commission (MCV hull 674) on 2 September 1944 by the Kaiser Shipbuilding Company in Vancouver Washington launched on 28 October 1944; sponsored by Mrs. C. J.
 The MG Y-Type was a small saloon and limited production open four-seat tourer built by the MG Car Company between 1947 and 1953.When production ceased in 1953 8336 “Y” Types had been produced the breakdown being: 6131 “YA”s 904 “YT” Tourers and 1301 “YB”s.
 USS Saugus was a single-turreted Canonicus-class monitor built for the Union Navy during the American Civil War. The vessel was assigned to the James River Flotilla of the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron upon completion in April 1864. The ship spent most of her time stationed up the James River where she could support operations against Richmond and defend against a sortie by the Confederate ironclads of the James River Squadron.
 The Weller UW-9 Sprint is a German ultralight aircraft designed and produced by Weller Flugzeugbau of Bibersfeld. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
 The Impulsoria was a locomotive constructed in 1850 that was powered by horses on a treadmill following a design by Clemente Masserano. The locomotive undertook trials in London in 1850 and was exhibited at The Great Exhibition in 1851.
 The Posnansky/Fronius PF-1 White Knight is a Swiss/American FAI Standard Class high-wing T-tailed single-seat glider that was designed and constructed by Herman Posnansky and later greatly redesigned by Posnansky and Robert L. Fronius.
 USS Harder (SS-257) a Gato-class submarine was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for the harder a fish of the mullet family found off South Africa. One of the most famous submarines of World War II she received the Presidential Unit Citation. Her skipper the resolute and resourceful Commander (Cmdr) Samuel D.
 Loch Sloy was a Scottish sailing barque that operated between Great Britain and Australia from the late 19th century until 1899. Her name was drawn from Loch Sloy a freshwater loch which lies to the north of the Burgh of Helensburgh in the region of Argyll and Bute Scotland. Ships Captains: 1877 - 1885 James Horne 1885 – 1890 John Mclean 1890 – 1895 Charles Lehman 1895 – 1896 James R. George 1896 – 1899 William J.
 The Bushcaddy R-120 is a Canadian kit aircraft produced by Canadian Light Aircraft Sales and Service (CLASS) of St. Lazare Quebec and later Les Cedres Quebec and now Bushcaddy of Lachute Quebec and more recently Cornwall Regional Airport in Summerstown Ontario.The R-120 is a development of the Bushcaddy R-80 and is supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 The Enmore was a wooden ship-rigged merchantman built by Green Shipbuilders in Bristol in 1858 the last known ship built by the shipyard. She was built for the Barbadan service for Michael Cavan and Company a Bristolian shipping line and named after the old established residence of the firm in Enmore Somerset. Registered in London was sheathed in felt and copper.
 HMS Ocean was the last of the Royal Navy's four Prince Consort-class ironclads to be completed in the mid-1860s. She was originally laid down as a 91-gun second-rate ship of the line and was converted during construction to an armoured frigate. The ship spent the bulk of her career on the China Station and served as flagship there for a time. Upon her return to Great Britain in 1872 her hull was found to be partly rotten and she was placed in reserve until she was sold for scrap in 1882.
 Z7 Hermann Schoemann was a Type 1934A-class destroyer built for the German Navy (German: Kriegsmarine) in the mid-1930s.
 The Pennsylvania Railroad's N1s was a class of steam locomotive built for Lines West. They were of 2-10-2 Santa Fe wheel arrangement ten driving wheels with a two-wheel leading truck and a two-wheel cast KW-pattern trailing truck under a giant firebox. This arrangement was well suited to the N1s' intended purpose which was as a heavy drag freight engine for coal and iron ore traffic to and from lakeside ports.
 SS Adriatic was the first of two White Star Line ocean liners to carry this name. The White Star Line's first four steamships met with great success in the trans-Atlantic market and the line decided to build two more. The first of these was SS Adriatic which was built by Harland and Wolff and launched on 17 October 1871; the second was Celtic.
 The Spartan DFS Paramotor is an American paramotor that was designed and produced by Spartan Microlights.
 The Pontiac Grand Prix is an automobile that was produced by the Pontiac division of General Motors. First introduced as part of Pontiac's full-size model offering for the 1962 model year the Grand Prix name was also applied to cars in the personal luxury car market segment and the mid-size offering slotting below the large Bonneville in Pontiac's model lineup.
 The 48 Class are a class of diesel locomotives built by AE Goodwin Auburn for the New South Wales Government Railways between 1959 and 1970. Once the most ubiquitous locomotive in New South Wales (and Australia) they are based on Alco frames and prime movers using General Electric (later Associated Electrical Industries) electrical equipment. The South Australian Railways 830 and Silverton Rail 48s classes are of a very similar design.
 USS Conway (DD/DDE-507) a Fletcher-class destroyer was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for William Conway who distinguished himself during the Civil War.Conway was laid down 5 November 1941 launched 16 August 1942 by Bath Iron Works Bath Maine; sponsored by Mrs. F. E. Beatty; and commissioned 9 October 1942 Commander N. S. Prime in command.
 The Chevrolet Omega is an executive car sold by General Motors do Brasil for the Brazilian market. Replacing the Chevrolet Opala which was a development of the Opel Rekord C the original Chevrolet Omega was based on the Opel Omega A and built locally between 1992 and 1998. After 1999 local production ceased and GM imported badge engineered versions of the Holden Commodore from Australia.
 USS Sanderling (AMS-35/AMCU-49/MHC-49/YMS-446/PCS-1393) was the lead ship of her subclass of YMS-1-class minesweepers built for the United States Navy during World War II.
 HMNZS Kahu I (P3571) was a Fairmile B motor launch of the Royal New Zealand Navy.Originally commissioned on 20 December 1943 with the pendant number Q 411 she was part of the 80th Motor Launch Flotilla. Early in 1944 she went to the Solomon Islands where she served under the operational control of COMSOPAC. She was recommissioned from 1947 to 1965 as HMNZS Kahu I (P3571)
 Tall Ship Fair Jeanne is a Canadian sail training ship built and registered in Ottawa Ontario. She is operated by the Ottawa-based youth charity Bytown Brigantine Inc. Fair Jeanne is a 110 ft traditionally-rigged brigantine of composite construction outfitted with a Detroit Diesel auxiliary propulsion system.
 SS Mantola was a passenger steamer of the British-India Steam Navigation Company. Launched in 1916 by Barclay Curle & Company Glasgow she sailed for less than a year before being sunk by a German U-boat while carrying a large quantity of silver bullion.
 The Sukhoi Su-9 (NATO reporting name: Fishpot) was a single-engine all-weather missile-armed interceptor aircraft developed by the Soviet Union.
 The FMA AeC.3 was a light utility aircraft built in Argentina in 1934; a further development in the series of designs that had originated with the AeC.1 three years previously. Like its immediate predecessor the AeC.2 the AeC.3 was an open-cockpit variant of the family and was distinguished mainly in its use of an Armstrong Siddeley Genet Major engine.
 USS S-14 (SS-119) was a second-group (S-3 or Government) S-class submarine of the United States Navy. Her keel was laid down on 7 December 1917 by the Lake Torpedo Boat Company in Bridgeport Connecticut. She was launched on 22 October 1919 sponsored by Mrs. George T. Parker and commissioned on 11 February 1921 with Lieutenant Commander Charles A.
 The Curtiss-Wright CW-22 was a 1940s American general-purpose advanced training monoplane aircraft built by the Curtiss-Wright Corporation. It was operated by the United States Navy as a scout trainer with the designation SNC-1 Falcon.
 The SS Majestic was a steamship built in 1890 for and operated by the White Star Line. Her story is tightly intertwined with that of Titanic which was ordered to replace Majestic then one of the oldest ships in the White Star Line. After Titanic struck an iceberg and sank on her maiden voyage Majestic was called back from reserve to continue trans-Atlantic operations.
 HMS Smyge was an experimental ship of the Swedish Navy used to test stealth technology. Experiences from the Smyge were used while planning the Visby class corvettes. Today Smyge is used for training at the Swedish Navy Academy
 Vyšehrad is one of the last two remaining operating steamboats on the Vltava River in Prague Czech Republic and belongs to the Prague Steamboat Company.Vyšehrad was built in 1938 during the company's modernization in the 1930s when new boats were being bought and old ones modernized. Her original name was Antonín Švehla (a famous politician of the First Republic).
 The Beriev Be-10 also known as Izdelye M (NATO reporting name: Mallow) was a twin engined turbojet powered flying-boat patrol bomber built by the Soviet Union from 1955. The Be-10 is sometimes referred to as the M-10 though this designation is believed to apply only to the modified Be-10 that established 12 FAI world records in 1961 Bort no. 40 Yellow still holding class records for speed and altitude.
 HMS Ambrose was a cargo and passenger liner bought by the Admiralty from the Booth Steamship Company early in World War I and converted into an armed merchant cruiser. Later in the war she was converted into a submarine depot ship and spent most of the 1920s supporting submarines in the Far East. Upon her return home in 1928 Ambrose was placed in the Reserve Fleet. She was later modified to support destroyers and did so throughout World War II before she was sold for scrap in 1946.
 The Glasgow and South Western Railway (GSWR) 956 class is a class of four 2-2-2 steam locomotives designed in 1855.
 The Sukhoi Su-28 is a downgraded variant of the Su-25UB/Su-25T with reductions in avionics and aircraft systems together with a full reduction of weapon-carrying capability. The Su-28 trainer is intended for technical skill general flight and formation flying training. It is also used as a demonstrator of advanced aero-maneuvers.
 The first USS Tuna (SP-664) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Tuna was built as a private motor yacht of the same name by the Neilson Yacht Building Company at Baltimore Maryland in 1911. On 11 June 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired her under a free lease from her owner Edward L. Welch of Philadelphia Pennsylvania for use as a section patrol boat during World War I. She was commissioned as USS Tuna (SP-664) on 12 June 1917.
 The Superliner is a bilevel car used by Amtrak on long-haul trains that do not use the Northeast Corridor. The initial cars were built by Pullman-Standard in the late 1970s and a second order was built in the mid-1990s by Pullman's successor Bombardier Transportation. As delivered the cars came in various configurations including coach diner and sleeper.
 The Clown class gunboat was a class of twelve gunboats ordered by the Royal Navy in January 1856 for use in the Crimean War although by the time they were completed later that year the Crimean War was over and some of these gunboats were sent to the Far East and took part in the Second Opium War.
 USS Oak Ridge (ARD-19/ARDM-1) was an ARD-12-class floating dry dock suitable for docking destroyers submarines and landing craft. Self-propelled but unable to cross the ocean under her own power she was towed in stages across the Pacific. While in transit she was used as a van to help move the service squadron forward and at the end of August 1944 arrived at Seeadler Harbor carrying a YTL 2 pontoon crane barges and 20 LCMs and LCVPs.
 The Fairchild Swearingen Metroliner or the Fairchild Aerospace Metro is a 19-seat pressurised twin-turboprop airliner first produced by Swearingen Aircraft and later by Fairchild at a plant in San Antonio Texas United States.
 The RENFE Class 120 (nickname Sepia) are high-speed electrical multiple units used on Alvia services in Spain.The trainsets are dual-voltage dual-gauge units capable of changing gauge without stopping at 30 km/h 12 units were ordered in 2001 and a further 45 units in 200429 units of the class RENFE Class 121 were ordered for medium-distance high-speed Avant services.
 The Valday class of freight ships carry dry cargo containers and timber up and down the rivers of Northern Russia. The class is named after Valday a town mid way between Moscow and St. Petersburg on the shores of Valdai Lake in the Valdai Hills.
 RFA Orangeleaf (A110) is a Leaf-class fleet support tanker of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary.RFA Orangeleaf saw action in the Gulf War in 1991.
 Empire Broadsword was an Type C1-S-AY-1 infantry landing ship built in 1943 as Cape Marshall. She was renamed Empire Broadsword before completion and entering into service for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). She had a short career entering service in December 1943 and being sunk by a mine in July 1944.
 Canadian National Railway (CN) Class O-9 steam locomotives were of 0-6-0 wheel arrangement in the Whyte notation or  C  in UIC classification. These locomotives were built for the Grand Trunk Railway (GT) and Detroit and Toledo Shore Line Railroad (D&TSL) from 1903 through 1913. Many were scrapped during the 1930s although some survived into the 1950s with sequential renumbering into the CN 7200 series in 1952 and 7300 series in 1956.
 USS Betty Jane I (ID-3458) also listed as SP-3458 was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Betty Jane I was built in 1913 as a private motorboat of the same name by the Electric Launch Company (ELCO) at Bayonne New Jersey. On 4 September 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired her under a free lease from her owner Percy Ballentyne of South Montrose Pennsylvania for use as a section patrol boat during World War I.
 The Vickers Type 131 Valiant was a British general-purpose biplane produced by Vickers in 1927 with the intention of replacing the Royal Air Force's Airco DH.9As but was unsuccessful with only a single example built which was sold to Chile.
 USS Greiner (DE-37) was an Evarts-class destroyer escort constructed for the United States Navy during World War II. She was promptly sent off into the Pacific Ocean to protect convoys and other ships from Japanese submarines and fighter aircraft.
 The SZD-20x Wampir II (Szybowcowy Zakład Doświadczalny - Glider Experimental Works) was a single-seat tail-less research glider designed and built in Poland from 1959.
 USS Evans (DD-552) a Fletcher-class destroyer was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for Rear Admiral Robley D. Evans (1846–1912).Evans was launched on 4 October 1942 by Gulf Shipbuilding Co. Chickasaw Alabama; sponsored by Mrs. C. E. Isherwood; and commissioned on 11 December 1943 Commander F. C. Camp in command.
 The NZR WE Class were rebuilt from earlier Addington built B class locomotives. In service the first two were tried on the Rimutaka Incline however they lacked the required adhesion on the 1 in 15 grade. They were later transferred to Greymouth for use on the Rewanui Incline where they were far more successful on the line's 1 in 25 grade. It is not known if they ever operated on the Roa Incline.The three We class locomotives lasted into the 1960's.
 The Korean Air Chang-Gong 91 (English: Blue Sky 91) is a four-seat single-engined low-wing monoplane designed by the Korea Institute of Aeronautical Technology and built by the Aerospace Division of Korean Air.
 MV Lochmor was a ferry operated by Caledonian MacBrayne serving the Small Isles from 1979 until 2001. Since 2009 she has operated cruises from Poole as MV Jurassic Scene
 The Star Aviation LoneStar Sport Helicopter is an American very light helicopter designed by Star Aviation Inc of New Braunsfels Texas for amateur construction.The LoneStar was developed by Ken Rehler and Tom Carlson as a simple single-seat very light helicopter. Rehler formed Star Aviation to market the design in kit-form. The open-frame helicopter was powered by a 65 hp (48 kW) Rotax 582 piston engine.Due to the death of Rehler Star Aviation no longer produces and sells kits.
 The Wave class was a class of replenishment oilers built for service supporting the Royal Navy during the later years of the Second World War. They were subsequently transferred to the Royal Fleet Auxiliary after the end of the war and went on to support British and allied fleet units in Cold War conflicts such as the Korean War.
 USS Bataan (CVL-29/AVT-4) originally planned as USS Buffalo (CL-99) and also classified as CV-29 was an 11000 ton Independence class light aircraft carrier which was commissioned in the United States Navy during World War II.
 The E class of US Navy blimps comprised a single airship built during World War I by Goodyear as one of a group of three small blimps offered to the US government. Two were purchased for the US Navy and one for the US Army. The Navy blimps were designated E-1 F-1 and the Army airship A-1. These airships had identical cars and envelopes. The E-1 was delivered to Pensacola Florida in December 1918.
 The Bell P-59 Airacomet was the first American jet fighter aircraft designed and built by Bell Aircraft during World War II. The United States Army Air Force was not impressed by its performance and cancelled the contract when fewer than half of the aircraft ordered had been produced. Although no P-59s went into combat it paved the way for another design generation of U.S.
 SMS Brandenburg was the lead ship of the Brandenburg-class pre-dreadnought battleships which included Kurfürst Friedrich Wilhelm Weissenburg and Wörth built for the German Kaiserliche Marine (Imperial Navy) in the early 1890s. She was the first pre-dreadnought built for the German Navy; earlier the Navy had only built coastal defense ships and armored frigates.
 The Bloch MB.300 Pacifique (a.k.a. La Grosse Julie Big Julie) was a French all-metal three-engine monoplane that was developed to enter service as an Air France airliner. Though a single prototype was produced by Société des Avions Marcel Bloch in 1935 it was eventually rejected by Air France circa 1938.
 USS Tocsam was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from August to December 1918.Tocsam was built in 1910 as a private motorboat of the same name by the Landing Yacht Building Company at Oxford Maryland. On 2 July 1918 the U.S. Navy acquired her from her owner G. H. Lohr for use as a section patrol boat during World War I. She never received a section patrol (SP) number but was commissioned at Charleston South Carolina as USS Tocsam on 21 August 1918 with Ensign B. A.
 USS Sims (DE-154/APD-50) a Buckley-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy was named in honor of Admiral William Sowden Sims (1858–1936) who pushed for modernization of the navy. She is the second ship in the United States Navy to be named USS Sims.Sims was laid down on 7 September 1942 at the Norfolk Navy Yard Portsmouth Virginia; launched on 6 February 1943 sponsored by Mrs. Anne H. Sims and commissioned on 24 April 1943 with Lieutenant Commander Charles G. Raible in command.
 The third generation Pontiac Firebird was introduced in late 1981 alongside its twin the Chevrolet Camaro for the 1982 model year. These were also the first Firebirds with factory fuel injection four-speed automatic transmissions five-speed manual transmissions four-cylinder engines 16-inch wheels and hatchback bodies.
 The first USS McDermut (DD-262) was a Clemson-class destroyer in the United States Navy following World War I. She was named for David McDermut.McDermut was laid down 20 April 1918 by Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation Squantum Massachusetts; launched 6 August 1918; sponsored by Mrs. Eugene G. Grace; and commissioned 27 March 1919 Commander Chester L. Hand in command.Assigned to the Atlantic Fleet McDermut departed Boston Massachusetts 28 May for Brest France.
 The Gillig Low Floor is a transit bus manufactured by the Gillig Corporation in Hayward California. The Low Floor was introduced in 1996. They are available in 29' 35' and 40' lengths. A diesel-electric hybrid version was introduced in 2004. Frameless side windows are an option. The Gillig Low Floor is often nicknamed Advantage due to the low-floor design.
 HMS Egret (L75) was a sloop of the British Royal Navy the lead ship of her class. She was built by J. Samuel White at Cowes Isle of Wight and was launched on 31 May 1938.Egret was the first ship ever to be sunk by a guided missile. The Germans had used the Henschel Hs 293 glider bomb for the first time on 25 August 1943 against the 40th Support Group in the Bay of Biscay. Landguard was slightly damaged by a near miss.
 Comox was a steamship built in 1891 in British Columbia which served until 1920. Comox was the first steel ship built on the west coast north of San Francisco.
 The Subaru Vivio is a kei car that was introduced in March 1992 and manufactured by Subaru until October 1998. It has a 658 cc (52 PS) multi-point fuel-injected four-cylinder engine (44 PS DIN was claimed in Europe for the same engine) which is small enough to place it in the light car class giving its owners large tax breaks in Japan. There was also a carbureted version with 42 PS (31 kW) in Japan which equipped the Vivio Van version.
 USS SC-1329 was an SC-497 class submarine chaser in the United States Navy.SC-1329 was laid down 10 October 1942 by Simms Brothers Dorchester Massachusetts and was launched 19 April 1943. The ship was commissioned 8 May 1943.USS SC-1329 served in the English Channel and was based in Portsmouth England. She participated in the June 1944 Normandy landings. Lt. Robert Cotton was the ship's commander and Lt. Junior Grade William C.
 The Izuogu Z-600 prototype was the first indigenous Nigerian car and the first automobile of indigenous all-African technology. It was the brainchild of engineer Ezekiel Izuogu. Launched in 1997 the car caused a stir in the Nigerian media and was touted by the then Nigerian chief of Staff General Oladipo Diya.
 The ARM Tormenta (A-302) is a missile boat in the Mexican Navy. Previously a Sa'ar 4.5-class missile boat in the Israeli Sea Corps named the INS Geula it was bought by Mexico and placed under control of the Mexican Navy. Its sister ship is the ARM Huracán.
 Steam gun boat (SGB) was a Royal Navy term for a class of small naval vessels used during the Second World War. The class consisted of nine gun boats powered by steam and built from 1940 to 1942 for the Coastal Forces of the Royal Navy.They were developed in parallel with the Fairmile D motor torpedo boats (dog boats) specifically as a response to the need to hunt down German E-boats and also as a response to the scarcity of suitable diesel engines.
 HMS Phaeton was a second class cruiser of the Leander class which served with the Royal Navy.
 HMS Loch Killin (K391) was a Loch-class frigate of the Royal Navy named after Loch Killin in Scotland. The ship was laid down at Burntisland Shipbuilding Company's yard in Fife on 2 June 1943 and launched on 29 November 1943. She was one of the first vessels armed with the brand new Squid anti-submarine mortar. Decommissioned in September 1945 the ship was put into Reserve and finally scrapped on 24 August 1960. She was captained during the war by Lieutenant-Commander S.
 Discoverer Clear Leader is a double hulled dynamically positioned drillship capable of operating in moderate environments and water depths up to 12000 feet (3657m) using an 18.75 in (47.6 cm) 15000 psi blowout preventer (BOP) and a 21 in (53 cm) outside diameter (OD) marine riser. The Marshall Islands-flagged vessel is owned by Transocean and is operating in the Gulf of Mexico of the United States.
 K-51 Verkhoturye (Russian: К-51 Верхотурье) is the lead submarine of the Project 667BDRM Delfin class (NATO reporting name: Delta IV) nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarines currently in service with the Russian Navy. It was built at the Sevmash shipbuilding company in Severodvinsk between 1981 and 1984 and was commissioned in 1984. It is named after the city of Verkhoturye.
 USS Ryer (AG-138/AKL-9) was a Camano-class cargo ship constructed for the U.S. Army as the Freight and Supply Ship USA FS-361 shortly before the end of World War II. On delivery the ship was U.S. Coast Guard crewed and assigned to serve the Southwest Pacific area during the war. The ship was acquired by the U.S.
 USS President was a 12-gun sloop and the second United States Navy ship to carry the name. Her dimensions and builder are unknown but she was originally purchased by the War Department on Lake Champlain and turned over to the Navy late in 1812. President together with other suitable craft that had been purchased and built temporarily gave Americans dominance on Lake Champlain.
 Hibiki (響 Echo) was the twenty-second of twenty-four Fubuki-class destroyers or the second of Akatsuki-class destroyer (if that sub-class is regarded independently) built for the Imperial Japanese Navy in the inter-war period. When introduced into service these ships were the most powerful destroyers in the world. They remained formidable ships well into the Pacific War. Hibiki and Yukikaze were the only ships to survive among the 82 Japanese destroyers built before the war.
 The BMW F01 is the current BMW 7 series that went into production in September 2008. The long-wheelbase model codenamed BMW F02 is 14 cm (5.5 in) longer than the BMW F01.
 USS Spitfire was a row galley authorized and constructed by Rhode Island during the American Revolution and was placed in service in 1776. During this age of sail row galleys were highly maneuverable compared to sailing ships whose movements were dependent on the wind. Spitfire had a reportedly successful career helping to capture British cargo ships and engaging in the fight against British warships.
 USRC Pawtuxet was a Pawtuxet-class screw steam revenue cutter built for the United States Revenue Marine during the American Civil War. Pawtuxet appears to have spent her brief career with the Revenue Marine working in and around Massachusetts and Rhode Island. After less than three years as a revenue cutter she was sold in 1867 due to dissatisfaction with her machinery and earmarked for merchant service in China. Nothing further is known of her career.
 USS Aeolus (SP-186) was the proposed name and designation for a motorboat considered for United States Navy service as a patrol vessel but never acquired.Aeolus was built in 1915 by Joe Polliot at Detroit Michigan. The U.S. Navy inspected her for World War I service as a patrol vessel and assigned her the section patrol designation SP-186. However the Navy never acquired her for service and she remained in civilian hands.
 USS Chipola (AO-63) was a Cimarron-class fleet oiler acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She served her country primarily in the Pacific Theater of Operations and provided petroleum products where needed to combat ships.
 The Cody IV monoplane was a single-engined monoplane designed and built by the American born but British based aviation pioneer in 1912. It was intended for entry into the 1912 British Military Aeroplane Competition but was wrecked in a crash before the start of the competition.
 The Letov Š-4 was a Czechoslovak single-bay unstaggared biplane fighter and trainer in the 1920s.
 USS Saratoga a sloop-of-war was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for the Battle of Saratoga of the American Revolutionary War. Her keel was laid down in the summer of 1841 by the Portsmouth Navy Yard. She was launched on 26 July 1842 and commissioned on 4 January 1843 with Commander Josiah Tattnall in command.
 HMS Bristol (D23) is a Type 82 destroyer the only vessel of her class to be built for the Royal Navy. Originally intended as the first of a class of new large destroyers to escort the CVA-01 aircraft carriers projected to come into service in the early 1970s Bristol turned out to be a unique ship. The rest of the class were cancelled with the CVA-01 carriers in the 1966 Strategic Defence Review.
 HMCS Strathroy was a modified Flower-class corvette that served in the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. She fought primarily in the Battle of the Atlantic as a convoy escort. She was named for Strathroy-Caradoc Ontario. After the war she was sold to the Chilean Navy.
 The Shark.Aero Shark is a conventionally laid out single engine low wing light aircraft which seats two in tandem. Designed and built in Slovakia it offers a choice between fixed and retractable tricycle gear.
 RFA Fort Rosalie (A385) is the lead ship of her class of Royal Fleet Auxiliary fleet replenishment ships. Fort Rosalie was originally named RFA Fort Grange but was renamed in May 2000 to avoid confusion with the now-decommissioned RFA Fort George a change which was not universally popular.February 2014 arrived at North Western Ship repairs Birkenhead for further refit.
 TSS Golfito was a passenger-carrying banana boat of the Fyffes Line. She was 8687 tons and 448 feet (137 m) long.
 HMS Cumberland was a three-decker 80-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched at Bursledon on 12 November 1695.Cumberland was captured by the French in the Battle at the Lizard in 1707. She served in the French navy under her old name and in 1715 was sold to Genoa. The Genoese sold her to Spain in 1717 and she was renamed Principe de Asturias.
 HMS Defiance was a 64-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built by Phineas Pett II at Chatham Dockyard and launched in 1675.In the summer of 1678 Defiance was under the command of John Ernle.She was rebuilt at Woolwich Dockyard in 1695 again as a 64-gun ship.Defiance was part of a squadron under Vice-Admiral John Benbow in August 1702.
 SS Kiangya (or Jiangya) was a Chinese passenger steamship that blew up probably after hitting a mine (possibly left behind by the Imperial Japanese Navy) which destroyed her stern in the mouth of the Huangpu River 50 miles (80 km) north of Shanghai on 4 December 1948.Kiangya had a displacement of 2100 tons and was packed with refugees from the Chinese Civil War fleeing the advancing Communist army when she sank. The exact death toll is unknown.
 The Elliots Primary EoN or EoN Type 7 S.G.38 Primary was a training glider developed in the UK shortly after World War II. It was an absolutely minimalist aircraft consisting of a high strut-braced wing connected to a conventional empennage by an open-truss framework and was a copy of the German SG 38 Schulgleiter. Marketed to aeroclubs the Primary EoN was also adopted in 1948 by the Air Training Corps and by the Combined Cadet Force under the name Eton TX.1.
 The MEKO 360 is a class of five destroyers built in Germany for the Argentine and Nigerian Navies. The 360 was the first ship of the MEKO family of vessels built by Blohm und Voss.
 RMS Maloja was a British steam-powered ocean liner that saw service from 1923 to 1954.The Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company ordered two sister ships RMS Maloja and RMS Mooltan from Harland and Wolff Ltd on 29 November 1918. Hull number 588 was named Maloja after a previous SS Maloja that was a 1911 M-class liner that had been sunk by a German mine in 1916. The interior design was in keeping with the high standards of the Line.
 The second USS Gretchen (SP-1181) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.Gretchen was built as a civilian motorboat of the same name in 1902 by White of Belhaven North Carolina. On 20 August 1917 the U.S. Navy acquired her from her owners the North Carolina Fisheries Commission for use as a section patrol boat during World War I. She was commissioned as USS Gretchen (SP-1181) at Oriental North Carolina on 24 August 1917 with Master I. H.
 The Aero Ae 04 was a Czechoslovakian biplane fighter aircraft of 1921. A development of the Ae 02 it was no more successful than its predecessor in attracting purchase orders and it flew only in prototype form. Undaunted by the lack of interest development continued as the A.18.
 LMS Stanier Class 8F No. 8233 War Department Nos. 307 and later 70307 Iranian State Railways No. 41-109 British Railways No. 48773 is a preserved British steam locomotive. Its owners claim that it is  possibly Britain's most travelled preserved locomotive.
 For the battleship of the same name see SMS Grosser KurfürstSMS Grosser Kurfürst  (or Großer ) was an ironclad turret ship of the German Kaiserliche Marine. She was laid down at the Imperial Dockyard in Wilhelmshaven in 1870 and completed in 1878; her long construction time was in part due to a redesign that was completed after work on the ship had begun.
 USS Fechteler (DD-870) named for Rear Admiral Augustus Francis Fechteler USN (1857–1921) and/or his son Lieutenant Frank Casper Fechteler (1897-1922) was a Gearing-class destroyer laid down by the Bethlehem Steel Corporation at Staten Island in New York on 12 April 1945 launched on 19 September 1945 by Miss Joan S.
 The Zeppelin-Staaken R.XV was an incremental improvement to the Zeppelin-Staaken R.VI. This was one of a series of large bombers called Riesenflugzeugen intended to be less vulnerable than dirigibles in use at the time.
 The Vickers Warwick was a multi-purpose British aircraft used during the Second World War. Designed and manufactured by Vickers-Armstrongs it was intended to serve as a larger counterpart to their Wellington bomber sharing similar construction and design principles.Due to a protracted development the Warwick was made effectively redundant by rapid aircraft development by rival firms.
 In 1895 the Chilean Government ordered four destroyers from the Laird Brothers shipyard: Teniente Serrano Capitán Orella Capitán Muñoz Gamero and Guardiamarina Riquelme (later Lientur). They all were commissioned in 1896.They were steel-hulled torpedo boat destroyers with a turtleback forecastle and four funnels. These ships were when built the most advanced ships of their type in Latin America closely related to contemporary British destroyers.
 The Mahindra XUV 500 is a sport utility vehicle (SUV) produced by the Indian automobile company Mahindra & Mahindra and was launched in September 2011 and by June 2012 the XUV 500 was available in 19 cities in India. Before it was launched it was code named 'W201'.The XUV500 was designed and developed at Mahindra's design and vehicle build center in Nashik and Chennai and is manufactured in Mahindra's Chakan & Nashik plant India.
 The D class as they were known from 1913 was a fairly homogeneous group of torpedo boat destroyers (TBDs) built for the Royal Navy in the mid-1890s. They were all constructed to the individual designs of their builder John I. Thornycroft & Company of Chiswick to meet Admiralty specifications. The uniting feature of the class was a top speed of 30 knots (56 km/h) and they all had two funnels.
 MS Gripsholm was a combined ocean liner/cruise ship built in 1957 by Ansaldo Shipyard Genoa Italy for the Swedish American Line for use in transatlantic traffic from Gothenburg to New York as well as long-distance cruising.In 1971 she was laid up for 3 months in Göteborg being converted into a pure cruise ship thus ending her Transatlantic career.In 1975 she was sold to the Karageorgis Lines who named her MS Navarino and used her on Mediterranean routes until 1981 when she was damaged in a grounding off Patmos.After some repair difficulties in 1984 the vessel became the first ship of the newly formed Regency Cruises and was named MS Regent Sea. 
 The Be 4/6 12302 was one of four test locomotives ordered by the Schweizerischen Bundesbahnen (Swiss Federal Railways) (SBB) in June 1917.For gaining experience for ordering electrical locomotives this locomotive should – as her three sisters Be 3/5 12201 Be 4/6 12301 and Ce 6/8I14201 – have been used for services on the Gotthardbahn (Gotthard railway).
 The Goodyear Aircraft Company of Akron Ohio built the M-class blimp for the US Navy as the follow-on to the K-class anti-submarine warfare blimp used during World War II. It was a significantly larger airship. Four airships designated M-1 through M-4 were delivered in early 1944.
 HMS Oxford was a 54-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy built by Francis Baylie in Bristol and launched in June 1674. Her guns comprised twenty-two 24-pounders on the lower deck with twenty-two large sakers (8-pounders) on the upper deck and ten smaller sakers (5-pounders) on the quarter deck. On 23 February 1684 Captain John Tyrrell was appointed to command the ship. In 1692 she was at the Battle of Barfleur under the command of Captain James Wishart.
 The Jaguar XJ (X308) is a luxury saloon manufactured and sold by Jaguar Cars between 1997 and 2003. It is an evolution of the outgoing X300 platform and the exterior styling is nearly identical between the two generations. The major change was the introduction of Jaguar's AJ-V8 as the only available engine. Like all previous XJ generations it features the Jaguar independent rear suspension arrangement.
 The Mercedes Benz 4G-TRONIC transmission was produced from 1981 to the mid 1996. It has been used in a plethora of Mercedes-Benz cars. It is considered by enthusiasts to be one of the most reliable transmissions ever built by Mercedes-Benz or any other company. It was replaced by the Mercedes-Benz 5G-Tronic.
 The Howland H-2 Honey Bee is an American homebuilt aircraft that was designed by Bert Howland and made available by Howland Aero Design in the form of plans for amateur construction with kits provided by Aircraft Spruce & Specialty Co. The H-2 first flew in 1986.
 Japanese Submarine I-177 was a Japanese KD7 type Kaidai-class submarine that saw service during World War II in the Imperial Japanese Navy. I-177 was commissioned on 28 December 1942 and was sunk by USS Samuel S. Miles (DE-183) on 3 October 1944 which killed all of her 101-strong crew of sailors. She was the submarine responsible for sinking Australian Hospital Ship Centaur an act considered to be a war crime off the Australian east coast on 14 May 1943.
 USS Meredith (DD-890) a Gearing-class destroyer was the fourth ship of the United States Navy to be named for Jonathan Meredith USMC a sergeant who saved the life of Lieutenant John Trippe of Vixen during the Barbary Wars. She was laid down at the Consolidated Steel Corporation at Orange Texas on 27 January 1945; launched on 28 June 1945 sponsored by Miss Juliette S. Kopper great-great-great-grandniece of Sergeant Meredith; and commissioned on 31 December 1945 with Commander W. B.
 MS Transpet was a tanker of United States and Panamanian registry.
 SM U-160 was one of the 329 submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy in World War I. U-160 was engaged in the naval warfare and took part in the First Battle of the Atlantic.
 USS Porter (DD-356) was the lead ship in her class of destroyers in the United States Navy. She was the third Navy ship named for Commodore David Porter and his son Admiral David Dixon Porter.Porter was laid down by the New York Shipbuilding Corporation at Camden in New Jersey on 18 December 1933 launched on 12 December 1935 by Miss Carlile Patterson Porter and commissioned at Philadelphia on 27 August 1936 Commander Forrest B.
 Thalassa is an oceanographic research vessel operated by the Institut Français de Recherche pour l'Exploitation de la Mer (IFREMER) the French Institute for Research of the Exploitation of the Sea.Thalassa was launched in 1996 and commissioned to replace an eponymous ship of 1960.
 USS Fremont (APA-44) was a Bayfield-class attack transport that served with the US Navy during World War II.Fremont was launched 31 March 1943 by Ingalls Shipbuilding Pascagoula Mississippi; as Sea Corsair placed in partial commission between 30 May 1943 and 11 June 1943 and commissioned in full 23 November 1943 Captain C. V. Conlan in command.
 The second USS Smith (DD–378) was a Mahan-class destroyer in the United States Navy before and during World War II. She was named for Lieutenant Joseph B. Smith USN. Smith was the senior officer aboard USS Congress and killed when CSS Virginia sunk her.
 USS LST-316 was one of 390 tank landing ships (LSTs) built for the United States Navy during World War II.LST-316 was laid down on 15 October 1942 at the New York Navy Yard in Brooklyn New York; launched on 28 January 1943; sponsored by Mrs. Pearl Magdalene Frick; and commissioned on 3 February 1943.
 USS Register (APD-92) ex-DE-233 was a United States Navy high-speed transport in commission from 1945 to 1946.
 The Mitsubishi Attrage also known as the Mitsubishi Mirage G4 is a front-wheel drive subcompact car from Mitsubishi Motors. It is manufactured at Mitsubishi's Laem Chabang plant in Thailand with the possibility of a U.S. release by 2015.The car was first introduced as a concept car at the 2013 Bangkok Auto Show called the Concept G4 sedan.
 The USS Whipple (DE-1062/FF-1062) was a Knox-class destroyer later redesignated as a frigate in the United States Navy. This was the third ship of the United States Navy named in honor of Captain Abraham Whipple (1733–1819) who served in the Continental Navy.
 The Tercel was a subcompact manufactured by Toyota from 1978 to 2000 across five generations in five body configurations sized between the Corolla and the Starlet. Manufactured at the Takaoka Plant in Toyota City Japan and sharing its platform with the Cynos (aka Paseo) and the Starlet the Tercel was marketed variously as the Corolla II—sold at Toyota Japanese dealerships called Toyota Corolla Stores—and was replaced by the Toyota Platz in 2000.
 USS Bearss (DD-654) was a Fletcher-class destroyer of the United States Navy named for Brigadier General Hiram I. Bearss (1875–1938) USMC who was awarded the Medal of Honor during the Philippine-American War.Bearss was launched 25 July 1943 by Gulf Shipbuilding Corp. Chickasaw Ala. sponsored by Mrs. Louise Bearss widow of General Bearss; and commissioned 12 April 1944 Commander J. A. Webster in command.
 The first USS Meade (DD-274) was a Clemson-class destroyer in the United States Navy and transferred to the Royal Navy as HMS Ramsey (G60).
 The Beagle class (officially redesignated as the G class in 1913) was a class of sixteen destroyers of the Royal Navy all ordered under the 1908-1909 programme and launched in 1909 and 1910. The Beagles served during World War I particularly during the Dardanelles Campaign of 1915.After the oil-burning Tribal or F class of 1905 and HMS Swift of 1907 the Beagles marked a return to a smaller more useful design although still significantly larger than the River or E class.
 The MS Stolt Surf was a Chemical tanker operated by Stolt-Nielsen Inc. She achieved a measure of infamy when she was struck and damaged by a rogue wave an event that was photographed by a crew member and subsequently added to the ongoing debate over the possibility of such waves out in the deep ocean.
 The Hyundai Libero was a series of light trucks made by Hyundai Motors between 2000 and 2007. They were equipped with a 2.5 litre diesel engine and came in a multiple body styles including pickup trucks flatbeds and vans.The Libero is unusual for a Korean truck in that it is not a cab-over-engine design instead placing the engine in front of the passenger compartment which is similar to the way some American trucks are designed.
 The Mitsubishi Pajero Junior is a mini SUV produced by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors between 1995 and 1998. Based on a lengthened Minica platform it was a larger version of the Mitsubishi Pajero Mini though unlike that car it was too big to qualify for the kei car classification.The popularity of the vehicle inspired Mitsubishi to create several limited editions including the Pajero Jr. McTwist and Pajero Jr. Lynx which were exhibited at the 32nd Tokyo Motor Show in 1997.
 Castilla (L52) is a Galicia-class landing platform dock (LPD) and is the ship number 12th in this name. She is the sister ship to amphibious warfare vessel Galicia.
 The E5 series (E5系) is a Japanese Shinkansen high-speed train type operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) on Tohoku Shinkansen services since 5 March 2011. A total of 59 10-car sets are on order with three sets in service in time for the start of new Hayabusa services to Shin-Aomori in March 2011.
 The Rubic R-25 Mokány in English: Plucky person and sometimes known as the R-25 Standard (class) is an Hungarian single seat Standard Class glider of all metal construction first flown in 1960. It was one of a series of similar aircraft designed by Ernő Rubik. Only one was built.
 USS Abraham Lincoln (CVN-72) is the fifth Nimitz-class aircraft carrier in the United States Navy. It is the second Navy ship to have been named after former President Abraham Lincoln. Her home port is Norfolk Virginia and she is a member of the United States Atlantic Fleet. She is administratively responsible to Commander Naval Air Forces Atlantic and operationally she is currently the flagship of Carrier Strike Group Nine and host to Carrier Air Wing Two.
 The Mirage III (French pronunciation: ​[miʁaʒ]) is a supersonic fighter aircraft designed by Dassault Aviation during the mid-1950s and manufactured both in France and a number of other countries.The versatility of the design enabled production of trainer reconnaissance and ground-attack versions as well as the Dassault Mirage 5 variant. It was a successful fighter aircraft being sold to many air forces around the world and remaining in production for over a decade.
 The Honda Magna was a cruiser motorcycle made from 1982 to 1988 and 1994 to 2003 and powered by Honda's V4 engine taken from the VF/VFR. The engine technology and layout was a descendant of Honda's racing V4 machines such as the NS750 and NR750. The introduction of this engine on the Magna and the Sabre in 1982 was milestone in the evolution of motorcycles that would culminate in 1983 with the introduction of the Interceptor V4.
 USS Hilary P. Jones (DD-427) was a Benson-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was named for Admiral Hilary P. Jones.Hilary P. Jones was launched by the Charleston Navy Yard 14 December 1939; sponsored by Mrs. Hilary P. Jones widow of Admiral Jones; and commissioned 6 September 1940 at Charleston Navy Yard Lieutenant Commander S. R. Clark in command.
 Firebrand was a Royal Navy fireship built at Limehouse in 1694 the first Royal Naval vessel to bear the name.
 The Freightliner Business Class M2 is a medium-duty truck produced by Freightliner. In production since June 2002 the M2 was the successor to the FL-Series introduced in the 1990s. It is assembled in Mount Holly North Carolina.
 The ÖBB 4030 is a 3-car electric multiple unit used by the ÖBB for regional rail passenger transport especially on the Vienna S-Bahn. A derived variant ÖBB 4130 with increased power allowing speeds up to 130 km/h (81 mph) was operated on the Transalpin international rail connection between Wien Westbahnhof and Basel SBB. From 1979 onwards the 4030 was gradually replaced by the ÖBB 4020 the last trains were retired in 2004.
 The steamboat Yellowstone (sometimes Yellow Stone) was a side wheeler steamboat built in Louisville Kentucky for the American Fur Company for service on the Missouri River. By design the Yellowstone was the first powered boat to reach above Council Bluffs Iowa on the Missouri River achieving on her maiden voyage Fort Tecumseh South Dakota on June 19 1831.
 USS Lignite (IX-162) a Trefoil-class concrete barge designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for lignite. Her keel was laid down on 8 December 1943 by Barrett & Hilp Belair Shipyard San Francisco California under a Maritime Commission contract (T. B7-D1-Barge).
 Avrasya is a Ro-Ro ferry that was hijacked in the Black Sea hostage crisis of 1996. Originally built in 1953 as the passenger ship Lazio she was converted to a Ro-Ro ferry in 1967. In 1979 she was sold to Greece and renamed Sant Andrea. A sale in 1984 saw her renamed Makedonia followed by a chartering in 1985 which saw her renamed Summer Star. A sale in 1986 saw her renamed Corfu Diamond and after a further sale in 1988 she was renamed Larnaca Rose.
 The USS Mount Whitney (LCC/JCC 20) is a Blue Ridge class command ship of the US Navy; it is the flagship of the Sixth Fleet. She is also the command and control ship for the Commander Joint Command Lisbon and the Commander Striking Force NATO.
 The Eagle Helicopter Eagle II and Eagle III were unusual light helicopters developed in the United States in the early 1980s. With side-by-side seating for two they had a boxy fuselage shaped like a stubby wedge. No anti-torque system was required since the rotors of both aircraft were powered by tip jets.
 The first USS Whipple (DD-15) was a Truxtun-class destroyer in the United States Navy named for Abraham Whipple.She was laid down on 13 November 1899 at Sparrows Point Maryland by the Maryland Steel Company; launched on 15 August 1901; sponsored by Miss Elsie Pope; and commissioned on 17 February 1903 Lieutenant Jehu V. Chase in command.
 The Glide automobile was an American automobile manufactured by the Bartholomew Company in Peoria Heights Illinois beginning in 1902. Founded by John B. Bartholomew the company continued to produce automobiles until 1920 when the company began manufacturing trucks for the Avery Company of which Bartholomew was also president.
 The Beriev R-1 (known in-house as 'product R') was the first Soviet turbojet-powered flying boat.
 The A-2 Vautour (Vulture) was a single-seat French glider aircraft that was designed by Georges Abrial in 1925. It was built of wood and plywood.
 The Antoinette VI was an early French aircraft flown in 1909. It was a development of the Antoinette IV its major technological advance being that it was fitted with true ailerons whereas the former aircraft had ailerons mounted as separate surfaces on the trailing edges of the wings. Nevertheless Levavasseur was not satisfied with this innovation and later modified the aircraft to use a wing warping system similar to that fitted to the Antoinette V.
 ROCS Yueh Fei (岳飛 FFG-1106) is a Cheng Kung-class guided-missile frigate of the Republic of China Navy. Yueh Fei was laid down on 5 September 1992 by the China SB Corp. in Kaohsiung City Taiwan launched on 26 August 1994 and commissioned in February 1996. She is the fourth ship of the Cheng Kung-class frigates.As of 2005 Yueh Fei is home ported at ROCN Tso-Ying naval base.
 The Sverdlov class cruisers Soviet designation Project 68bis were the last conventional cruisers built for the Soviet Navy in the 1950s. They were based on Italian pre second world war concepts and designs but with deployment on the North Atlantic and Arctic sea routes as a potential role and represent an intelligent approach with a modest armament of conventional 6 inch triple turrets on a large seaworthy hull able to run fast in rough water and fight her armament in a seaway.
 The Fidonisy or Kerch class were a group of destroyers built for the Black Sea Fleet of the Imperial Russian Navy. They were a slightly enlarged version of the Derzky-class destroyer with an extra 4-inch (102 mm) gun and more torpedo tubes. These ships fought in World War I the Russian Civil War and World War II.
 This article details Car Nos. 14–18 of the Manx Electric Railway on the Isle of Man.The fourth batch of power cars delivered to the railway in 1898 were also the first open toastracks delivered. Five of these crossbench 56-seat cars were supplied by G.F.
 The Richard 150 Commuter is an American two-seat cabin monoplane designed and built by The C.H. Richard Company of Lancaster California to be sold in kit form or as plans for amateur construction.
 Agnes Blaikie was a merchant ship chartered by the British government during the Crimean War for delivery of military cargoes and equipment to the army which was based in Balaklava. The vessel was presumably named in honour of the wife of the Lord Provost of Aberdeen of Sir Thomas Blaikie.The Agnes Blaikie was first registered in Aberdeen in 1841 owned by George Thompson Jr. of the Aberdeen Line and commanded by Alex Duthie. Her maiden voyage took her to Santiago de Cuba.
 The Bell XH-15 (Bell Model 54) was an American four-seat utility helicopter designed and built by Bell Helicopter to meet a requirement for a liaison and utility helicopter for the United States Army and United States Air Force.
 USS Wilbert A. Edwards (SP-315) sometimes called USS W. A. Edwards was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.
 The Fauvel AV.36 was a single-seat tailless glider designed in France in the 1950s by Charles Fauvel. Although the AV in AV.36 stands for Aile Volante (Flying Wing) it was not a true flying wing: it featured two large fins mounted on stubby tailbooms extending back from the wing's trailing edge and accommodated the pilot within a stubby fuselage.
 The Akaflieg Darmstadt D-30 Cirrus was an aerodynamically advanced single seat sailplane with a very high aspect ratio wing and a pod and boom fuselage. Built in Germany just before World War II it was intended as a record breaker and duly set a new world out-and-return distance record in 1938.
 HMS G4 was a British G class submarine of the Royal Navy from World War I.
 The Pontiac Ventura was an automobile produced by the Pontiac Motor Division of General Motors. The word ventura is a derivative of the word bonaventure which is Italian for good fortune. It also shares its name with the locations of Ventura California and Ventura Iowa. Until 1992 GM had an assembly plant that manufactured X-body models in the neighboring city of Van Nuys California.
 Barra was a Téméraire class 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy. She was renamed Pégase in 1795 and Hoche in 1797. She was captured by the British on 12 October 1798 and recommissioned in the Royal Navy as HMS Donegal.
 The Ferrari Testarossa (Type F110) is a 12-cylinder mid-engine sports car manufactured by Ferrari which went into production in 1984 as the successor to the Ferrari Berlinetta Boxer. The Pininfarina-designed car was originally produced from 1984 to 1991 with two model revisions following the ending of Testarossa production and the introduction of the 512 TR and F512 M which were produced from 1992 to 1996.
 Pallada (Russian: Паллада) was the last of the four Bayan-class armored cruisers built for the Imperial Russian Navy in the first decade of the 20th Century. She was assigned to the Baltic Fleet during World War I where she captured codebooks from the German cruiser Magdeburg that had run aground during the first month of the war. The ship was torpedoed by a German submarine in October 1914 and exploded; none of the crew survived.
 HMS Oxley (originally HMAS Oxley) was an Odin-class submarine of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) and Royal Navy (RN).
 The South African Class 91-000 of 1973 is a South African diesel-electric locomotive from the South African Railways era.Between September and December 1973 the South African Railways placed twenty Class 91-000 General Electric type UM6B diesel-electric locomotives in service on its narrow gauge Avontuur Railway line between Port Elizabeth in the Eastern Cape and Avontuur in the Western Cape. Some of them later also worked on the Alfred County Railway line out of Port Shepstone in KwaZulu-Natal.
 The Friedrichshafen FF.29 was a German lightweight two-seat floatplane of the 1910s produced by Flugzeugbau Friedrichshafen.
 The Empire Sandy is a tall ship providing chartered tours for the public from Toronto Canada. She was built as an Englishman/Larch Deep Sea class tugboat for war service by the British Government in 1943. After the war she was renamed to Ashford and then Chris M before reverting to the original name of Empire Sandy and being converted to a schooner.
 The IAR 27 was a 1930s Romanian two-seat low-wing monoplane primary trainer designed and built by Industria Aeronautică Română.
 Eurolight is the brand name for a family of 4-axle Bo'Bo' mainline diesel-electric locomotives first manufactured in 2010 with sub-20-tonne axleloads for passenger and freight trains produced by Vossloh España.Specific versions for the United Kingdom market and a 6-axle Co'Co' machine for narrow gauge Asian markets have been designed named UKLight and AsiaLight respectively.
 USS Albany (CA-123) was a United States Navy Oregon City-class heavy cruiser later converted to the guided missile cruiser CG-10. The converted cruiser was the lead ship of the new Albany guided missile cruiser class. She was the fourth ship to carry the name Albany.The ship was laid down on 6 March 1944 at Quincy Massachusetts by the Bethlehem Steel Company launched on 30 June 1945 sponsored by Mrs. Elizabeth F.
 The BAT F.K.23 Bantam was a British single-seat fighter biplane produced by British Aerial Transport Company Limited of London during World War I.
 The Class 471 electric motor unit commonly known as CityElefant is a double deck electric multiple unit operating on 3kV DC overhead wires produced by Škoda Vagonka a subsidiary of Škoda Works since 1997 and operated by the Czech Railways rail transit operator on its suburban services around Prague and Ostrava Czech Republic.
 The Douglas A-26 Invader (designated B-26 between 1948 and 1965) was a United States twin-engined light bomber and attack aircraft built by Douglas Aircraft during World War II that also saw service during several of the Cold War's major conflicts. A limited number of highly modified aircraft (designation A-26) served in combat until 1969. It was found to be a fast aircraft capable of carrying twice its specified bomb load.
 USS Neptune (1863) was a large steamer with powerful guns and a large crew acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She served the Navy primarily as an armed escort vessel in the West Indies for Union Navy and commercial ships traveling through that area on their way to and from California.
 Médée was an Iphigénie-class 32-gun frigate of the French Navy.She took part in the Battle of Tory Island.She was part of a squadron of three frigates Concorde under Commodore Jean-François Landolphe Médée under Captain Jean-Daniel Coudin and Franchise under Captain Pierre Jurien with Landolphe as the overall commander that left Rochefort on 6 March 1799. Eluding the British blockade off Rochefort the squadron sailed southwards until it reached the coast of West Africa.
 Mazda used the Luce (pronounced lu-che) name on its largest sedan in Japan from 1969 until 1990. It was exported as the RX-4 if installed with a rotary engine and the 929. The Luce nameplate was replaced by the Mazda Sentia name in 1991. The name Luce was taken from the Italian word for light.
 The Kia Mohave marketed in North America as the Kia Borrego is a sport-utility vehicle (SUV) manufactured by the South Korean-based Kia Motors. The vehicle debuted in 2008 in the Korean and US markets. The Kia Borrego is named after the Anza-Borrego Desert State Park in California; Borrego means bighorned sheep which can be found in the state park.
 USS Garrupa (SS-359) would have been a Balao-class submarine was the only submarine of the United States Navy to be named for the garrupa one of various fishes of the grouper type. Her keel was laid down at Electric Boat Company of Groton Connecticut but was canceled on 29 July 1944.
 The Great Western Railway County Class were a class of 4-4-0 steam locomotives for express passenger train work introduced in 1904 in a batch of ten. Two more batches followed in 1906 and 1912 with minor differences. They were designed by George Jackson Churchward who used standard components to produce a four-coupled version of his Saint Class 4-6-0s.
 The Ikarus Košava (English: North Wind) is a two seat sailplane designed and built in Yugoslavia in the early 1950s. It won the 1954 World Gliding Championships in the two seat category and came second in the same event two years later.
 The Mountaineer Trikes Mite-Lite is a family of American flying wing ultralight trikes that was designed and produced by Mountaineer Trikes. The aircraft were supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 The USS Chotank was a schooner captured by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Navy for various purposes but especially to patrol navigable waterways of the Confederacy to prevent the South from trading with other countries.
 TSS Slieve League was a twin screw steamer cargo vessel operated by the London Midland and Scottish Railway from 1935 to 1948 and the British Transport Commission from 1948 to 1962.
 The BAaer Gurí is an Argentine ultralight aircraft designed and produced by BAaer (BA-Aeroplanos) of Buenos Aires. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
 Scindian is widely considered the first convict ship to transport convicts to Western Australia.A barque of 650 tons Scindian was constructed at Sunderland England in 1844 and named after the Indian Scindia dynasty. She left Portsmouth on 4 March 1850 under the command of Captain James Cammell and surgeon-superintendent John Gibson and docked at Fremantle on 1 June 1850 after a voyage of 89 days.
 USS Montgomery a sloop or schooner was built in 1813 by Thomas MacDonough and purchased on 6 August 1813 for duty on Lake Champlain preventing plundering expeditions and convoying Wade Hampton's troops trying to penetrate into Canada. Montgomery continued service on the lake until deactivated and sold in 1815.She was named for Brigadier General Richard Montgomery who fought and died in the American Revolutionary War.
 The Chrysler by Chrysler is an automobile which was produced by Chrysler Australia from 1971 to 1976. It is an extended wheelbase luxury variant of the Australian developed Chrysler Valiant.
 NSB Di 6 later designated ME 26 and DE 2700 is a class of twelve diesel-electric locomotives built by Siemens for the Norwegian State Railways (NSB). The prime mover provides a power output of 2650 kilowatts (3550 hp) a starting traction effort of 400 kilonewtons (90000 lbf) and a maximum speed of 160 kilometres per hour (99 mph). They have a Co'Co' wheel arrangement.
 Imperian German Navy seaplanes numbers 401 to 403 were the only three examples of a unique seaplane design produced for the Navy's flying service during the First World War. Production of these types commenced in April 1915 in an effort to supply the navy with a seaplane trainer of contemporary design.
 The A class were four minesweepers of the Royal Netherlands Navy. They were the first minesweepers of the Dutch Navy specifically designed as such as earlier minesweepers were converted tugboats.The A class was based on a German design used during the First World War. All ships of the A class were built between 1928 and 1930 at Willemsoord Den Helder.
 The Westland Witch was an unsuccessful British bomber prototype first flown in 1928. Only a single aircraft of this type was built.
 The Comandanti Medaglie d'Oro were a group of destroyers planned for the Italian Navy during World War II. Twenty ships were ordered but none were launched by the time of the Italian Armistice.
 The USS Pinola (AT–33) was a Bagaduce-class fleet tug laid down on 3 March 1919 by Puget Sound Navy Yard in Bremerton Washington launched on the 12 August 1919 and was commissioned on 7 February 1920.
 The Impuls IC is a German high-wing single-place hang glider that was designed and produced by Impuls of Munich.The aircraft is no longer in production.
 Chengdu J-9 (Chinese: 歼-9) was a designation assigned to a Chinese interceptor aircraft that never progressed beyond initial studies. The J-9 was scrapped in favour of the Shenyang J-8 which was a safer technological bet for the limited Chinese aviation industry of the 1960s and 1970s. The J-9 designation is frequently confused with the much later Chengdu FC-1 fighter which is sometimes informally referred to as J-9 by aviation enthusiasts.
 The first USS Meredith (DD–165) was a Wickes class destroyer in the United States Navy during the World War I . She was named for Jonathan Meredith.
 The Type 072-class landing ship (NATO designation Yukan class) are large landing ships built by Shanghai-based Zhonghua Shipyard (now Hudong-Zhonghua Shipbuilding) in the 1980s to replace the aging World War II-era ex-US Navy L-1511 tank landing ships in service with the PLA Navy. The Type 072 is the PLA Navy’s first indigenous large landing ship. A total of 3 Type 072 are in service all of them are in service with East Sea Fleet of the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN ESF).
 Aadesh Class Fast Patrol Vessels (FPV) are a series of 20 patrol boats being built by Cochin Shipyard Limited for the Indian Coast Guard at its shipyard located at Cochin Kerala. The ships have been designed by M/s Smart Engineering & Design Solutions (SEDS) Kochi.
 USS Glennon (DD-620) was a Gleaves-class destroyer the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for Rear Admiral James H. Glennon who was a recipient of the Navy Cross.
 The Ford Fiesta is a supermini car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company since 1976 now in its sixth generation.
 Copernicus is a Polish yacht of Opal Class. The owner is Yacht Club Stal Gdynia Poland.
 HMS Waterwitch was a British hydrographic survey vessel active in eastern Asian waters from 1894 to 1912. She was a wooden vessel purchased from a private owner specifically for survey work. She was lost in a collision in Singapore harbour in 1912.
 The CGR 1st Class 2-6-0ST of 1876 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape Colony.In 1876 the Cape Government Railways placed a pair of back-to-back 2-6-0 Mogul type side-tank locomotives in service on the Cape Midland system built by Kitson. They were later separated and rebuilt to saddle-tank locomotives for use as shunting engines. When a classification system was introduced they were designated 1st Class.
 HMAS Kuramia was an auxiliary boom defence vessel and net layer of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). She was built in 1913 as a double ended ferry for Sydney Ferries.Built by David Drake Balmain for Sydney Ferries she was launched on 15 November 1913. Her triple expansion engines were built by Mort's Dock Balmain. She was operated on the Milson's Point run.She was sold in 1940 and her machinery was removed. Part of her machinery was fitted in Uralba.
 The CCGS Thunder Cape is one of the Canadian Coast Guard's 36 Cape class motor life boats.She was built in Kingston Ontario in 2000 by MetalCraft Marine and MIL Systems and was moved to Goderich Ontario in October 2005.Assigned to the Central and Arctic Region the lifeboat is stationed at Port Dover as of April 2013[citation needed] and serves the Lake Erie area.
 Koolhoven F.K.43 was a small four-seat single-engined monoplane passenger aircraft manufactured by Koolhoven in the Netherlands. It was a direct successor of the F.K.41.It was a quite successful design with good flying qualities. KLM purchased twelve aircraft and used it as a flying taxi and for pilot training. Two of these were built by Aviolanda.At the outbreak of World War II four F.K.43s were requisitioned by the Royal Netherlands Air Force.
 The Handley Page H.P.54 Harrow was a British heavy bomber of the 1930s built by Handley Page and used by the Royal Air Force being used for most of the Second World War as a transport. It was a twin-engine high-wing monoplane with a fixed undercarriage.
 USS LST-828 was an LST-542-class tank landing ship in the United States Navy. Like many of her class she was not named and is properly referred to by her hull designation.LST-828 was laid down on 13 October 1944 at Evansville Indiana by the Missouri Valley Bridge & Iron Co.; launched on 22 November 1944; sponsored by Mrs. David M. Hammond; and commissioned on 13 December 1944 Lt. Richard P. Trenbeth USNR in command.
 SMS Pillau was a light cruiser ordered by the Russian navy under the name Maraviev Amurskyy from the Schichau-Werke shipyard in Danzig in 1913 and launched in April 1914. Following the outbreak of World War I the ship was confiscated in August 1914 and renamed SMS Pillau in honor of the East Prussian port of Pillau (now Baltiysk Russia). The ship was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet in December 1914. The lead ship of her class she had one sister ship Elbing.
 The Yamaha SR500 is a single-cylinder motorcycle manufactured in Japan by Yamaha Motor Company and marketed from 1978-1999 in North America Asia and Oceania — as a street version of the Yamaha XT500 with a standard riding posture and styling resembling the Universal Japanese Motorcycle (UJM) of the 1960s and 1970s.
 HMS Queen Charlotte was a 104-gun first-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 17 July 1810 at Deptford. She was built to the lines of Sir Edward Hunt's Royal George as a replacement for the first HMS Queen Charlotte which had been lost by accident on 17 March 1800.She was Lord Exmouth's flagship during the Bombardment of Algiers in 1816.The Queen Charlotte was converted to serve as a training ship in 1859 and renamed HMS Excellent.
 USS Wacondah (SP-238) was an advanced-design yacht acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was outfitted as an armed patrol craft assigned to guard the New York City harbor against German submarines and to provide escort protection to commercial ships. Post-war she was sold and continued her maritime career as the yacht Intercolonial.
 USS Wyman (DE-38) was an Evarts-class destroyer escort of the United States Navy during World War II. She was promptly sent off into the Pacific Ocean to protect convoys and other ships from Japanese submarines and fighter aircraft.
 USS Meyerkord (FF-1058) was a Knox-class frigate of the US Navy. Named for Lieutenant Harold Dale Meyerkord (1937-1965) a senior naval adviser to South Vietnam who was killed in action during the Vietnam War and received the Navy Cross.Meyerkord was constructed by Todd Pacific Shipyards Los Angeles Division at San Pedro California. She was laid down 1 September 1966 and launched on 15 July 1967 sponsored by Mrs. Harold Dale Meyerkord and Mrs. Harold E.
 German submarine U-553 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II.
 USS Newman K. Perry (DD–883/DDR–883) a Gearing-class destroyer was the only ship of the United States Navy named for Ensign Newman K. Perry USN (1880–1905) who was killed in a boiler explosion board Bennington on 21 July 1905.Perry was laid down by the Consolidated Steel Corporation at Orange Texas on 10 October 1944 launched on 17 March 1945 by Mrs. Laura P. Gunter sister of Ensign Perry and commissioned on 26 July 1945 Commander Norman E. Smith in command.
 The Kreider-Reisner Midget was an American light racing monoplane the first aircraft designed by the Kreider-Reisner Aircraft Company of Hagerstown Maryland.
 The Acielle was a 70-foot (21 m) wooden ketch that was wrecked 15 miles (24 km) south of Smoky Cape New South Wales on 11 September 1929.
 The IFA F9 was a compact saloon manufactured under the auspices of the Russian and East German states between 1949 or 1950 and 1956. It was initially built at Zwickau at the plant previously owned by Auto Union. In 1953 production was transferred to the former BMW manufacturing plant at Eisenach where its underpinnings subsequently found their way into the Wartburg 311.
 In what may have been the shortest life of any vessel built under the Emergency Shipbuilding program of World War II the SS Quinault Victory began with her keel laying in Portland Oregon on May 3 1944 and ended 12 weeks later with her keel up in the shallow waters of Suisun Bay California on July 17 1944. Quinault Victory was the 31st Victory ship to be launched by Oregon Shipbuilding Corporation in Portland Oregon on June 17 1944. Its sponsor was Mrs. Carroll McQueen with Mrs. A.T.
 The Class 340 of Renfe (4000 under the previous numbering scheme) were a class of 4 axle diesel-hydraulic locomotives built by Krauss-Maffei (and Babcock & Wilcox) for the Spanish Railways. The design is similar in outward appearance and technology to the DB Class V 200. 32 units were built.
 HMS Archer was an Acheron-class destroyer built in 1911 which served during the First World War and was sold in 1921. She was the fourth ship of the name to serve in the Royal Navy.
 USS Westmoreland (APA-104) was a Bayfield-class attack transport that served with the US Navy during World War II.Westmoreland was laid down under a Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 872) on 8 December 1943 at Pascagoula Mississippi by Ingalls Shipbuilding launched on 28 April 1944 and placed in reduced commission for ferrying purposes on 12 July 1944.
 The Boeing 314 Clipper was a long-range flying boat produced by the Boeing Airplane Company between 1938 and 1941. One of the largest aircraft of the time it used the massive wing of Boeing’s earlier XB-15 bomber prototype to achieve the range necessary for flights across the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. Twelve Clippers were built; nine were brought into service for Pan Am and later transferred to the U.S. military. The remaining three were sold to BOAC by Pan Am and delivered in early 1941.
 USS Henry R. Mallory (ID-1280) was a transport for the United States Navy during World War I. She was also sometimes referred to as USS H. R. Mallory or as USS Mallory. Before her Navy service she was USAT Henry R. Mallory as a United States Army transport ship. From her 1916 launch and after her World War I military service she was known as SS Henry R. Mallory for the Mallory Lines.
 The Bi-Autogo was a prototype American motorcycle built in 1913.Designed and built by Detroit artist & engineer James Scripps Booth it had the usual two wheels (37 in. 94 cm spoked wooden ones) plus two pairs of smaller retractable outrigger wheels (an idea that has resurfaced since) in the three-seater body.
 The Brilliance BS4 is a four-door notchback sedan produced by Brilliance Auto in the People's Republic of China where it is known as the Zhonghua Junjie.
 USRC Mohawk was a steel steam powered revenue cutter built for the U.S. Revenue Cutter Service by William R. Trigg Company at Richmond Virginia. She was commissioned into the United States Revenue Cutter Service on 10 May 1904. Based at New York New York she cruised the Atlantic Ocean and adjacent waters between Gay Head Massachusetts and the Delaware breakwater.
 The X class are a class of diesel locomotives built by English Electric Rocklea for the Western Australian Government Railways in 1962.
 HMAS River Snake was an Snake class junk built for the Royal Australian Navy during the Second World War. She was launched in 1945 and commissioned into the Royal Australian Navy on 23 April 1945. She was used by the Services Reconnaissance Department and was paid off on 13 December 1945 before being handed over to the British Civil Administration in Borneo.
 Costa neoRomantica (formerly Costa Romantica) is a cruise ship for Costa Crociere completed 1993 as a sister ship to Costa Classica and was refurbished in 2003. Her public rooms are decorated with rare woods Carrara marble and millions of dollars in original works of art. There is also a full luxury spa aboard. Her decks are named for well-known European cities: Monte Carlo Madrid Vienna Verona Paris London Copenhagen and Amsterdam.
 USS Island Belle (1861) was a large tugboat acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. Although carrying relatively heavy weaponry she was used for unassuming tasks such as carrying dispatches and providing surveillance. When she ran aground in unfriendly waters she was scrapped to prevent her falling into the hands of the Confederate forces.
 Fordson was a brand name used on a range of mass-produced general-purpose tractors manufactured by Henry Ford & Son Inc from 1917 until 1920 when it was merged into the Ford Motor Company which used the name until 1964. American engineer inventor and businessman Henry Ford built experimental tractors from automobile components during the early 20th century and launched a prototype known as the Model B in August 1915.
 The Honda CB125 was a 122 cc (7.4 cu in) motorcycle made by Honda from 1971-1975 (1973-1985 in the US). It had an overhead camshaft (OHC) engine with a 9500 rpm redline. The S model was produced from 1971 to 1975 and was replaced in 1976 by the J model (the US bikes retained the S designation). The newer model sported a two piece head 124 cc (7.6 cu in) displacement and a larger carburettor but it did not perform as well as the earlier models.[citation needed]
 HMS Jupiter (F60) was a Batch 3 Leander-class frigate of the Royal Navy (RN). She was like the rest of the class named after a figure of mythology. Built by Yarrow Shipbuilders of Scotstoun she was launched on 4 September 1967 and commissioned on 9 August 1969.
 The Schweizer SGS 1-23 is a United States Open and Standard Class single-seat mid-wing glider built by Schweizer Aircraft of Elmira New York.The original standard 1-23 was introduced in 1948. The aircraft quickly became the most numerous competition and performance sailplane in the USA. A total of 93 of all sub-models were built by the time production was completed in 1967.
 The CCGS Matthew is a Canadian Coast Guard mid-shore scientific & Survey vessel based in Dartmouth NS. She is operated within the Canadian Coast Guard Maritimes region. She is primarily used to carry out hydrographic survey work primarily for the production of nautical charting products on the East and West Coast but can also be used for stock assessment using sonar. She is named for John Cabot's ship Matthew from his second voyage to North America.
 USS Wichita (CA-45) was a unique heavy cruiser of the United States Navy built in the 1930s. She was authorized by the 1929 Cruiser Act laid down at the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard in October 1935 launched in November 1937 and commissioned into the US Navy in February 1939. The last American cruiser built under the terms of the London Naval Treaty Wichita was a heavy cruiser variant of the Brooklyn class of light cruisers and formed the basis for the later Baltimore-class cruisers.
 The Algérie was a French heavy cruiser that served during the early years of World War II. She was built in response to the Italian Zara class cruisers incorporating better armour than previous French cruisers. One of the last of the so-called Treaty Cruisers she was considered one of the best designs commissioned by any of the naval powers.
 The Letov L-101 was an airliner designed in Czechoslovakia shortly after the end of the Second World War. It was to have been a 12-seat twin-engine feederliner built using German engines left over from Czechoslovakia's occupation. The Letov factory was nationalised on 24 October 1945 and the L-101 was its first project along with finishing work on the Junkers Ju 290.As designed the L-101 was a conventional cantilever low-wing monoplane.
 HMS Active was a Type 21-class frigate of the Royal Navy. Built by Vosper Thornycroft Southampton England she was completed with Exocet launchers in 'B' position the first of the class to be so fitted.
 A.L.F.A. 40/60 GP or GP (Grand Prix) was a fully working early racing car prototype made by the company now called Alfa Romeo. Only one example was built in 1914 which was later modified in 1921. This was creation of Giuseppe Merosi and was first Alfa Romeo DOHC engine. It had also four valves per cylinder 90 degree valve angle and twin spark ignition. Usually Alfa Romeo DOHC engines are thought to be Vittorio Jano's creations but the first one was Merosi's GP car.
 The Iosif Stalin-class passenger ship was a two-strong class of large turbo-electric powered passenger ships operated by the Soviet Baltic State Shipping Company (BGMP). The ships were taken over by the Soviet Navy during World War II and used as transport vessels. The class was named after Joseph Stalin.The two Soviet ships Iosif Stalin and Vyacheslav Molotov (after Vyacheslav Molotov) were constructed in 1939 by the Dutch company N.V. Nederlandsche Dok & Scheepsbouw Maats. in Amsterdam.
 M1 is a class of steam locomotive of the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR). It was a class of heavy mixed-traffic locomotives of the 4-8-2 Mountain arrangement which uses four pairs of driving wheels with a four-wheel guiding truck in front for stability at speed and a two-wheel trailing truck to support the large firebox needed for sustained power. Although built for both passenger and freight work they spent most of their service lives hauling heavy high-speed freight trains.
 The Tyne and Wear Metro Rolling Stock serves the Tyne and Wear Metro a metro system in North East England serving Newcastle upon Tyne Gateshead South Tyneside North Tyneside and Sunderland. Since the inception of the Metro the rolling stock has remained the same. The fleet has been refurbished a number of times with various liveries. Full refurbishment of the fleet is to take place from 2010 until 2015.
 The USS Racine (LST-1191) was the second ship to bear the name of the Wisconsin city. She was capable of a sustained speed of 20 knots (37 km/h). Her ability to adjust her draft accompanied by her unique bow-ramp design helped bring a new degree of responsiveness to the amphibious fleet.Racine was laid down by the National Steel & Shipbuilding Co. San Diego Calif. 13 December 1969; and launched 15 August 1970; sponsored by Mrs. Edwin B. Hooper wife of Vice Adm. Edwin B.
 German submarine U-173 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.She was laid down at the AG Weser yard in Bremen as werk 1013 launched on 11 August 1941 and commissioned on 15 November with Fregattenkapitän Heinz-Ehler Beuke in command.U-173 began her service career with training as part of the 4th U-boat Flotilla. She was re-assigned to the 2nd flotilla for operations on 1 July 1942.
 Spokane Portland & Seattle 700 is the only surviving example of the E-1 class 4-8-4 Northern type steam locomotive. Nearly identical to the A-3 class Northerns built for Northern Pacific Railway but burning oil instead of coal.After years of running second-hand equipment the Spokane Portland and Seattle Railway (SP&S) was allowed by its parent companies Great Northern Railway and Northern Pacific Railway to purchase its first new locomotives.
 The Arado Ar 240 was a German twin-engine multi-role heavy fighter aircraft developed for the Luftwaffe during World War II by Arado Flugzeugwerke. Its first flight was in 1940 but problems with the design hampered development and it remained only marginally stable throughout the prototype phase. The project was eventually cancelled with the existing airframes used for a variety of test purposes.
 SS Ionic was a cargo liner initially in service with White Star Line from 1883 until 1900. She was used on the company's joint route to New Zealand with the Shaw Savill & Albion Line. She was sold to the Aberdeen Line in 1900 and renamed SS Sophocles and was withdrawn for service in 1906 and scrapped in 1908.
 The Sopwith Snapper was a prototype British Fighter aircraft of the First World War. A single-engined biplane designed by the Sopwith Aviation Company to replace the Sopwith Snipe fighter it first flew after the end of the war but did not enter service owing to the failure of its engine only three aircraft being built.
 USS Volador (SS-490) a Tench-class submarine was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the volador. The contract to build her was awarded to Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery Maine and her keel was laid down on 15 June 1945 but work on her construction was discontinued in January 1946. Her unfinished hulk remained on the ways until August 1947 when construction resumed now including GUPPY II enhancements to the basic Tench design.
 LV-117 was a lightvessel of the United States Lighthouse Service. Launched in 1931 she operated as the Nantucket lightship south of Nantucket Shoals. Moored south of Nantucket Island Massachusetts the lightship was at the western part of the transatlantic shipping lane and the first lightship encountered by westbound liners approaching New York Harbor. On May 15 1934 one of these liners RMS Olympic rammed and sank LV-117 killing seven of her crew.
 HMS Felixstowe was a turbine-engined Bangor class minesweeper of the Royal Navy. So far she has been the only ship of the Royal Navy named after the Suffolk town of Felixstowe.She was built by Lobnitz and Company Renfrew Scotland and launched on 22 July 1941. She served in the Mediterranean during the Second World War. She struck a mine on 18 December 1943 and sank east of Capo Ferro Sardinia Italy.
 HMS Whiting was a Palmer three funnel 30 knot destroyer ordered by the Royal Navy under the 1896 – 1897 Naval Estimates. She was the fifth ship to carry this name.
 HMS Vengeur was a 74-gun third rate Vengeur-class ship of the line of the Royal Navy launched on 19 June 1810 at Harwich. She had an uneventful career having participated in no battles or engagements.
 The Mastretta Unidiseño (previously Unidiseño Mastretta) was a kit-car coupé designed and manufactured by Mexican kit-car maker Unidiseño.
 The Travel Air 6000 (later known as the Curtiss-Wright 6B when Travel Air was purchased by Curtiss-Wright) was a six-seat utility aircraft manufactured in the United States in the late 1920s.
 The Volkswagen Santana is a three-box sedan based on the second-generation Volkswagen Passat (B2). It was first introduced in 1981 and the last one was built in China on 16 January 2013. The use of the Santana badge rather than Passat echoes the use of different names for the sedan versions of the Polo (Derby) and Golf (Jetta).In North America it was also known as the Volkswagen Quantum. In Mexico it was named the Volkswagen Corsar while in Argentina it was sold as the Volkswagen Carat.
 USS Passaic (YN-113/AN-87) was a Cohoes-class net laying ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. She was commissioned in March 1945 and spent her entire career in the Pacific Ocean. She was decommissioned in March 1947 and placed in reserve. She was sold to the Dominican Republic in September 1976 as patrol vessel Calderas (P209). As of 2007 Calderas remained active in the Dominican Navy.
 United States lightship Chesapeake (LV-116/WAL-538/WLV-538) is owned by the National Park Service and on a 25-year loan to the Baltimore Maritime Museum in Baltimore Maryland. Since 1820 several lightships have served at the Chesapeake lightship station and have been called Chesapeake. It was common for a lightship to be reassigned from one Lightship Station to another and thus renamed and identified by its new station name.
 RFA Cherryleaf (A82) was a Leaf-class fleet support tanker of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary.Launched in 1953 as Laurelwood the ship was acquired by the RFA and renamed Cherryleaf in 1959.In 1966 the ship was returned to her previous owners and renamed Agios Constantinos. She was renamed Aeas in 1967 and as Irene's Fortune in 1972. She sailed from Piraeus for demolition at Lavrion on 13 December 1975.
 The NRC Pterodactyl VIII was a two-seat tailless research glider designed and built in Canada from 1945.
 Eleanor is the trademarked name given to a 1971 Ford Mustang Sportsroof (redressed as a 1973) for its role in independent filmmaker H.B. Toby Halicki's 1974 film Gone in 60 Seconds. Eleanor is the only Ford Mustang in history to receive star title credit in a movie.The Eleanor name is also shared with the customized 1967 Mustang fastback in the 2000 Gone in 60 Seconds remake.
 The Shohatsu (小発) or 10m landing craft was a small landing craft used by the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II. It was used for landing personnel and stores. It was built of steel and had a single bow with no landing ramp. It was also carried by destroyers and smaller vessels as a cargo boat.
 German submarine U-108 was a Type IXB U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine that operated during World War II. She was laid down at AG Weser in Bremen as 'werk' 971 on 27 December 1938 launched on 15 July 1940 and commissioned on 22 October under Korvettenkapitän Klaus Scholtz.Her service career began with training as part of the 2nd U-boat Flotilla; she went on to operations first with the 2nd flotilla then with the 8th flotilla.
 The Bristol and Exeter Railway Fairfield was an experimental broad gauge self-propelled steam carriage. In later use the carriage portion was removed and it was used as a small shunting locomotive.
 The IAI I-View (Eye-View in some sources ) is a small reconnaissance UAV developed in Israel in the early 21st century. Like other UAVs produced by IAI it has fixed landing gear and an 18.6 kW (25 hp) piston engine.
 Leucopogon microphyllus is a small Australian plant in the Heath family native to eastern Australia.
 Timmia is a genus of moss. It is the only genus in the family Timmiaceae and order Timmiales. The genus is named in honor of the 18th-century German botanist Joachim Christian Timm.The genus Timmia includes only four species:
 Cotoneaster obovatus is a species of flowering plant in the Rosaceae family that can be found in Kangra and northeastern Punjab provinces of India.
 Schismus is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family. They are native to Africa and Asia.Species include:Schismus arabicus - Arabian schismusSchismus barbatus - common Mediterranean grass↑
 Valeriana aretioides is a species of plant in the Valerianaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Amaranthus brownii is an annual herb in the Amaranthaceae family. The plant is found only on the small island of Nihoa in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands growing on rocky outcrops at altitudes of 120–215 m (394–705 ft). It is one of nine species of Amaranthus in the Hawaiian Islands but the only endemic Hawaiian species of the genus. It was first discovered during the Tanager Expedition in 1923 by botanist Edward Leonard Caum. A.
 Bulbophyllum fallax is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Danthonia decumbens (formerly Sieglingia decumbens) is a species of grass commonly known as common heath grass. It is a bunchgrass native to Europe.The plant is found on acid pastures and heathland on sandy or peat soils which are also often damp.
 Pouteria myrsinoides subsp. reticulata  commonly known as Axe-handle Wood is a flowering plant in the sapodilla family. The subspecific epithet refers to the reticulate venation (network-like pattern of the veins) on the leaves.
 Marsupella profunda (Western Rustwort) is a liverwort endemic to Europe and known only from Portugal (Azores and Madeira) Spain (Canary Islands) and Great Britain (Cornwall).
 Terminalia catappa is a large tropical tree in the leadwood tree family Combretaceae that grows mainly in the tropical regions of Asia Africa and Australia. It is known by the common names Bengal almond[citation needed] country almond Indian almond Malabar almond sea almond tropical almond
 Xanthophyllum pauciflorum is a tree in the family Polygalaceae. The specific epithet pauciflorum is from the Latin meaning few flowers referring to the inflorescences.
 The peach (Prunus persica) is a deciduous tree native to North-West China in the region between the Tarim basin and the north slopes of the Kunlun Shan mountains where it was first domesticated and cultivated. It bears an edible juicy fruit also called a peach. The species name persica refers to its widespread cultivation in Persia whence it was transplanted to Europe. It belongs to the genus Prunus which includes the cherry and plum in the family Rosaceae.
 Grewia milleri is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae sensu lato or Tiliaceae or Sparrmanniaceae family.It is found only in Yemen.Its natural habitat is rocky areas.
 Calanthe pulchra is a species of orchid.It is found in Laos Thailand Borneo Java Malaysia the Philippines and Sumatra in humid forests at elevations of 130 to 1700 meters.
 Triolena pustulata is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Ulmus wallichiana var. tomentosa was identified by Melville & Heybroek after the latter's expedition to the Himalaya in 1960.
 Amphipterygium adstringens the Cuachalalate is an ancient plant that has been commercially used in Mexico for centuries. Because of its ever growing popularity as of 2004 the cuachalalate was considered an endangered species.The Amphipterygium adstringens tree’s height ranges from 4-8.5 m high. The distinguishing factor of this tree is its bark. Its bark is wrinkled grayish in color and verrucose with cork protuberances.
 Acacia concurrens commonly known as Curracabah or black wattle is a shrub native to Queensland in eastern Australia.Formerly known as Acacia cunninghamii the new name Acacia concurrens describes the converging primary veins on the phyllodes. It is very similar to Acacias such as Acacia leiocalyx and Acacia disparrima.
 Neoregelia mucugensis is a species of the genus Neoregelia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Phyllanthus sponiaefolius is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Brachychiton acerifolius commonly known as the Illawarra Flame Tree is a large tree of the family Malvaceae native to subtropical regions on the east coast of Australia. It is famous for the bright red bell-shaped flowers that often cover the whole tree when it is leafless. Along with other members of the genus Brachychiton it is commonly referred to as a Kurrajong.
 Dodecatheon austrofrigidum (syn. Primula austrofrigida) is a species of flowering plant in the primrose family known by the common names frigid shooting star and tundra shooting star. It is native to Washington and Oregon in the United States where it grows in the coastal mountain ranges including those on the Olympic Peninsula.This plant has a basal clump of leaves up to 30 centimeters long by 7 wide and have smooth to wavy or somewhat toothed edges.
 Mimulus lewisii (Lewis' monkeyflower great purple monkeyflower) is a perennial plant in the family Phrymaceae. It is named in honor of explorer Meriwether Lewis. Together with other species in Mimulus section Erythranthe it serves as a model system for studying pollinator-based reproductive isolation.
 Allaeophania was a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family but is no longer recognized. It has been sunk into synonymy with Metabolos.
 Rollinia boliviana is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Bolivia.
 Anathallis pubipetala is a species of orchid.
 Pouteria latianthera is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Archidendron hendersonii the White Lace Flower or Tulip Siris is a rainforest tree in eastern Australia. A rare plant listed as vulnerable. The plant is named after J.A. Henderson who collected the original specimen at Ballina.It grows north from the Richmond River New South Wales up to Cape Melville in tropical Queensland.A tree up to 18 metres tall and a stem diameter of 60 cm.
 Utricularia andongensis is a small probably perennial carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia. It is endemic to tropical Africa where it can be found in Angola Cameroon the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of the Congo Gabon Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Sudan Tanzania Togo Uganda and Zambia. U.
 Stemonoporus moonii is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Krameria lappacea the para rhatany and Peruvian rhatany is a plant species in the genus Krameria in Peru.
 Silene viscaria the sticky catchfly is a flowering plant in the family Caryophyllaceae.It is an upright perennial growing to 60 cm in height. It gets its English name from the stickiness of its stem. It grows on cliffs and in rocky places. It has a purple flower.Stace and Fitter describe this plant as having the following characteristics: Erect perennial to 60 cm (24 in) high. Not hairy or only slightly hairy. Sticky just below each leaf junction. Leaves lanceolate.
 Bonnetia celiae is a species of flowering plant in the Bonnetiaceae family.It is found only in Venezuela.
 Julostylis is a genus of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family. It contains the following species: Julostylis polyandra
 Bulbophyllum phymatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Smilax rotundifolia known as common greenbrier is a woody vine native to the Eastern United States and Canada. The leaves are glossy green petioled alternate and circular to heart-shaped. They are generally 5–13 cm long. Common greenbriar climbs other plants using green tendrils growing out of the petioles.The stems are round and green and have sharp spines. The flowers are greenish and are produced from April to August. The fruit is a bluish black berry that ripens in September.
 The Bizzaria of Florence which is probably the first plant chimera obtained is a graft between the florentine citron and sour orange. It produces branches of regular Florentine Citron including such leaves and from the other side branches of sour orange. The most interesting part of it is the middle shoot which mixes characteristics of both.
 Carex diandra is a species of sedge known by the common name lesser panicled sedge.
 Peperomia inconspicua is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Achnatherum aridum is a species of grass known by the common name Mormon needlegrass. It is native to the southwestern United States from the Mojave Desert in California east to Colorado and New Mexico.
 Eugenia porphyrantha is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Puya lasiopoda is a species of the genus Puya. This species is native to Bolivia.
 Nama rothrockii is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Rothrock's fiddleleaf. It is native to the mountains and plateaus of eastern California such as the southern Sierra Nevada and western Nevada and Arizona where it grows in several types of local habitat.
 Carex flacca with common names blue sedge gray carex glaucous sedge or carnation-grass (syn. Carex glauca) is a species of sedge native to parts of Europe and North Africa. It is frequent in a range of habitats including grasslands moorlands exposed and disturbed soil and the upper edges of salt marshes. It has naturalized in eastern North America.
 Carex albida is a very rare species of sedge known by the common name white sedge. It is endemic to Sonoma County California where it is known only from one occurrence at Pitkin Marsh a wetland between Forestville and Sebastopol. There are fewer than 1000 plants remaining and likely fewer than 300 according to more recent estimates.
 Cotoneaster tenuipes (Slender cotoneaster; xi zhi xun zi in Chinese) is an extremely graceful meter-high hirsute deciduous cotoneaster shrub endemic to the temperate regions of China. It was named and described by botanists Alfred Rehder and E.H.Wilson in 1912.
 Portieria hornemannii is a species of red algae in the family Rhizophyllidaceae. The chemical halomon was discovered in this species.
 Bletia catenulata is a species of orchid found in Ecuador.
 Daniellia is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family named after William Freeman Daniell.It contains the following species: Daniellia klainei Daniellia oblonga Daniellia ogea Daniellia oliveri
 Wheat (Triticum spp.) is a cereal grain originally from the Levant region of the Near East and Ethiopian Highlands but now cultivated worldwide. In 2010 world production of wheat was 651 million tons making it the third most-produced cereal after maize (844 million tons) and rice (672 million tons).
 Atriplex parishii is an uncommon species of saltbush known by the common names Parish's saltbush and Parish's brittlescale. It is native to central and southern California where it can occasionally be found along the immediate coastline and the Channel Islands. Its distribution extended historically into the western edges of the Mojave Desert and Baja California and it may still exist there. This is a plant of saline and alkaline soils such as those on dry lakebeds and ephemeral vernal pools.
 The mountain papaya Vasconcellea pubescens also known as mountain pawpaw is a species of the genus Vasconcellea native to the Andes of northwestern South America from Colombia south to central Chile typically growing at altitudes of 1500–3000 metres (4900–9800 ft) m. It has also been known as Carica pubescens.
 Cariniana integrifolia is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.It is found only in Brazil.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cryptogramma acrostichoides is a fern species in the Cryptogrammoideae subfamily of the Pteridaceae. It is known by the common names American parsley fern and American rockbrake and is native to most of western North America where it grows in the cracks of rocks in many types of mountainous habitat. Cryptogramma acrostichoides grows in a tuft from a rhizome. There are two leaf types.
 Cereus is a genus of cacti (family Cactaceae) including around 33 species of large columnar cacti from South America. The name is derived from Greek (κηρός) and Latin words meaning wax or torch. The genus Cereus was one of the first cactus genera to be described; the circumscription varies depending on the authority. The term cereus is also used to describe cacti in other genera with very elongated bodies including columnar growth cacti and epiphytic cacti.
 Aquilegia grata is a species of Aquilegia native to Serbia Montenegro and Bosnia. It is a herbaceous perennial plant growing to 0.8 m tall with branched thinly hairy stems. The leaves are pinnate with the basal leaflets themselves trifoliate.
 Zephyranthes insularum common name rainlily is a bulbous flowering plant in the family Amaryllidaceae subfamily Amaryllidoideae native to Cuba and reportedly naturalized in Florida and in parts of Mexico.Zephyranthes insularum is a small bulb-forming perennial no more than 30 cm tall. Flowers are trumpet-shaped white to very pale pink.
 Cryptocarya is a genus of evergreen trees belonging to the laurel family Lauraceae. The genus includes more than 350 species distributed through the Neotropic Afrotropic Indomalaya and Australasia ecozones.
 Bulbophyllum globulosum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Ceanothus thyrsiflorus known as blueblossom or blue blossom ceanothus is an evergreen shrub in the genus Ceanothus that is endemic to California. The term 'Californian lilac' is also applied to this and other varieties of ceanothus though it is not closely related to Syringa the true lilac.
 Bulbophyllum pseudofilicaule is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Quercus rapurahuensis the Talamanca Oak is a tropical species of oak in the red oak group (Quercus section Lobatae). It is native to Costa Rica and northern Panama in tropical premontane and montane forests.
 Miconia silicicola is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is found in Guyana and Venezuela.
 Nectandra coeloclada is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Ranunculus pygmaeus (the pygmy buttercup or dwarf buttercup) is a species of buttercup found throughout the Arctic as well as in the mountains of Norway and the Rocky Mountains. A few populations also exist in the Eastern Alps and Tatra Mountains.It is a small plant prostrate-ascending 1-5 cm tall. The stems are single-flowered with the basal leaves numerous. The leaves are deeply cleft into 3-5 lobes. The flowers are 5-6 mm in diameter with five pale yellow petals and five hairy sepals.
 Tsuga forrestii is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family. It is considered as a variety of Tsuga chinensis (i.e. T. c. var. forrestii) by some. It grows in mixed forests in mountains and valleys of northeast Guizhou southwest Sichuan and northwest Yunnan at altitudes of 2000–3000 m (6600–9800 ft).While not a target species Tsuga forrestii is threatened by clear-cutting of mixed forests.
 Rollinia xylopiifolia is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Poa mannii is a rare species of grass known by the common names Mann's bluegrass and Olokele Gulch bluegrass. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is limited to the island of Kauai. It is threatened by the loss and modification of its habitat. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.There are three species of Poa native to Hawaii and they are all endemic to Kauai. There are at least 13 populations of this species totalling about 100 individuals.
 Cynosurus elegans is a grass species in the genus Cynosurus.
 The anchovy pear (Grias cauliflora) (also called the river pear) is a fruit native to the West Indies and is often found near rivers or marshes in large colonies. It grows on the evergreen tree Grias cauliflora of the Lecythidaceae (Brazil nut) family. The edible nuts grow clumped together in large round woody and extremely hard seed pods the size of a large grapefruit. The meat of the seed (the “nut”) is very rich in oil and grows from 7 to 9 cm long and 2 to 4 cm in diameter.
 Escobaria missouriensis the Missouri foxtail cactus and formerly Coryphantha missouriensis is a species of low-growing North American cacti. It is found in along the Missouri River in the tallgrass prairie and shortgrass Great Plains from Arkansas to Montana and in the Rocky Mountains woodlands of Ponderosa pine (Pinus ponderosa) pinyon-juniper and Gambel oak (Quercus gambelii) west of it. It is also native to the Southwestern United States from Arizona to Texas.
 Banksia ser. Grandes is a taxonomic series in the genus Banksia. It consists of two closely related species in section Banksia both endemic to Western Australia. These are B. grandis (Bull Banksia) and B. solandri (Stirling Range Banksia).
 Vaccinium corymbosum the northern highbush blueberry is a species of blueberry native to eastern North America from the Great Lakes region east to Nova Scotia and south through the Northeastern United States and Appalachian region to the Southeastern United States in Mississippi. Other common names include blue huckleberry tall huckleberry swamp huckleberry high blueberry and swamp blueberry.
 Valeriana celtica is a species of plant in the Valerianaceae family. It is also known as Alpine valerian and valerian spikenard. It is endemic to Central Europe. Until the 1930s it was extensively harvested for export to Asia for use in perfumes.
 Uromyrtus australis commonly known as the Peach Myrtle is a small tree growing around Nightcap National Park New South Wales Australia. It is endangered by extinction. The delicate foliage pink flowers and appealing fruit makes this a particularly beautiful tree.
 Araucaria rulei is a species of conifer in the Araucariaceae family that is endemic to New Caledonia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Tillandsia walter-richteri is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Bolivia.
 Boenninghausenia is a monotypic plant genus in the family Rutaceae. The sole species is Boenninghausenia albiflora which occurs in Bhutan Nepal Pakistan Kashmir India Indonesia Philippines Myanmar Thailand Laos North Vietnam China and Japan.
 The Field Maple Acer campestre cultivar 'Elegant' was released by the Gelderse Nursery in Opheusden Netherlands in 1990. [1]
 Chasmopodium is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Bognera is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. The single species that makes up the genus is Bognera recondita. The word recondita means hidden referring to the fact that the plant is only found in remote areas of Amazonian Brazil near the Peruvian border. The species was discovered in the late 1970s and was originally placed in the genus Ulearum. In 1984 a new genus Bognera named after the German Aroid specialist Josef Bogner was created for it.
 Cobaea is a genus of flowering plants including about 20 species of rapid growing ornamental climbers native to Mexico. The botanical name honors Father Bernabé Cobo Spanish Jesuit of the seventeenth century naturalist and resident of America for many years. The woody stems can reach 20 ft (6 m). Leaves are alternate lobed with opposite pairs and tendrils.
 Stephanomeria lactucina is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names lettuce wirelettuce and woodland wirelettuce. It is native to Oregon and California where it grows in coastal and inland mountain ranges including the Sierra Nevada. It can be found in many types of habitat including coniferous forests. It is rhizomatous perennial herb producing a slender erect stem reaching 30 to 60 centimeters in maximum height.
 Asplenium aequibasis is a species of fern in the Aspleniaceae family. It is found in Tristan da Cunha. Its natural habitat is subantarctic shrubland.
 Euphorbia poissonii also known as Euphorbia poissoni and incorrectly as Euphorbia poisoni is a highly irritant and toxic succulent member of the large and varied spurge family of plants. It is native to northern Nigeria where local farmers extract its latex for use as a pesticide. Its powerfully irritant and pain-producing nature mandates use as a fencing plant.
 Myriocolea irrorata is a species of liverwort in the Lejeuneaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Periploca is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae family.
 Horsfieldia wallichii is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is found in Indonesia Malaysia and Singapore.
 Acer platanoides (Norway maple) is a species of maple native to eastern and central Europe and southwest Asia from France east to Russia north to southern Scandinavia and southeast to northern Iran. It is part of the Acer family or the Maple family.
 Bulbophyllum marovoense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Badilloa is a genus of about 10 species of shrubs and small trees in the family Asteraceae. They are native to the Andes from Venezuela to Peru.Species include: Badilloa atrescens Badilloa drepanoidesBadilloa helianthifolia Badilloa herrerae Badilloa procera Badilloa salicina Badilloa sonsonensisBadilloa sphagnophila Badilloa steetzii Badilloa venezuelensis↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑
 Bistorta manshuriensis (Hangul: 범꼬리) also known as Asian bistort is a perennial herbaceous plant.
 Bulbophyllum riparium is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Tecoma stans is a species of flowering perennial shrub in the trumpet vine family Bignoniaceae that is native to the Americas. Common names include yellow trumpetbush yellow bells yellow elder ginger-thomas. Tecoma stans is the official flower of the United States Virgin Islands and the floral emblem of the Bahamas.
 Sorbus bristoliensis is a species of whitebeam tree in the Rosaceae family. It is endemic to the United Kingdom growing wild only in the Avon Gorge and in the Leigh Woods area of Bristol.
 Cyathea acrostichoides is a species of tree fern native to the Maluku Islands and Western New Guinea where it grows in forest and disturbed sites at an altitude of 650-1100 m. The trunk is erect and usually 1-3 m tall. Fronds are bipinnate and 1-2 m long. The stipe is slender and covered with spines. It is sparsely covered with medium brown scales. Sori cover most of the underside of fertile pinnules. C. acrostichoides lacks indusia.
 Philotheca buxifolia commonly known as Box-leaf Waxflower is a shrub in the family Rutaceae. It produces white or pink flowers.
 Melicytus novae-zelandiae commonly known as Coastal Mahoe is a flowering plant in the violet family. It grows along the coast of New Zealand from the Bay of Plenty northwards especially on offshore islands. It’s range is largely restricted to New Zealand though one subspecies is endemic to Australia’s Lord Howe Island. The specific epithet refers to its principal area of occurrence.Subspecies include:Melicytus novae-zelandiae subsp.
 Azorella diapensioides is a species of Azorella flowering plant found in Peru and Bolivia.
 Dampiera hederacea commonly known as the karri dampiera is an erect perennial herb in the family Goodeniaceae. The species which is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia is a low spreading shrub which reaches 40 cm (16 in) across. It produces blue flowers between August and January in its native range.
 Dianthus nardiformis or Dianthus gelidus is a species of herbaceous perennial plant in the genus Dianthus.
 Syagrus macrocarpa is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is found only in Brazil.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Calyptranthes johnstonii is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Panama.
 Diospyros humilis (Queensland Ebony) is a small eastern Australian tree found throughout Queensland and extending into Northern New South Wales and the Northern Territory. The plant is most commonly found in coastal and semi-arid zones in vine scrubs brigalow woodlands and other locales with infrequent fire.The plant grows as a small tree or shrub with stiff glossy discolorous leaves.
 Cheilanthes newberryi is a species of lip fern known by the common name Newberry's lip fern. It is native to southern California and Baja California where it grows in rocky places in mostly dry habitat such as the California chaparral and woodlands.
 Physalis pubescens is a species of flowering plant in the nightshade family known by many common names including husk tomato and hairy groundcherry in English and muyaca and capulí in Spanish. It is native to the Americas including the southern half of the United States Mexico Central and much of South America. It can be found elsewhere as an introduced species and sometimes a weed. It can grow in many types of habitat including disturbed areas.
 Melaleuca keigheryi is an Australian shrub.
 Euonymus paniculatus is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family. It is endemic to India.
 Ipomoea nil is a species of Ipomoea morning glory known by several common names including picotee morning glory ivy morning glory and Japanese morning glory. It is native to most of the tropical world and has been introduced widely.
 Ulmus 'San Zanobi' is a hybrid elm cultivar raised by the Istituto per la Protezione delle Piante (IPP) in Florence. Derived from a crossing of the Dutch hybrid 'Plantyn' and the Siberian Elm Ulmus pumila clone 'S 15' it was released for sale in 2002.
 Geranium dalmaticum commonly called Dalmatian cranesbill is a species of hardy flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the genus Geranium in the Geraniaceae family. It is native to Dalmatia. It is cultivated as a garden subject in temperate regions for its low mounding habit and soft mauve colored flowers. The palmately lobed glossy green leaves are tinted red in the Autumn. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
 Greigia vulcanica is a plant species of the genus Greigia. This species is native to Ecuador.
 Agalinis Raf. (false foxglove) is a genus of about 70 species in North Central and South America that until recently was aligned with members of the family Scrophulariaceae. As a result of numerous molecular phylogenetic studies based on various chloroplast DNA (cpDNA) loci it was shown to be more closely related to members of the Orobanchaceae. Agalinis spp. are hemiparasitic which is a character that in part describes the Orobanchaceae.
 Symplocos tubulifera is a species of plant in the Symplocaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica.
 'Kitteliana' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Vriesea in the Bromeliad family.
 Alcantarea roberto-kautskyi is a species of the genus Alcantarea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Calyptranthes thomasiana (Thomas' Lidflower) is a rare species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is found on three islands in the Caribbean. There are fewer than 250 individuals total divided amongst the islands of Vieques in Puerto Rico St. John in the United States Virgin Islands and Virgin Gorda in the British Virgin Islands. It has been extirpated from the wild on Saint Thomas U.S.
 Eriogonum gracillimum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name rose and white buckwheat. It is endemic to California but is common and widespread in many areas there. This is a spindly annual herb reaching anywhere from 5 to 50 centimeters in height. Most of the leaves are basal with a few scattered on the thin branched stem and are generally one to four centimeters long and somewhat woolly with edges rolled under.
 Byblis liniflora is a species of carnivorous plant in the Byblidaceae family. It is found in Australia Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 The Field Elm Ulmus minor sensu latissimo cultivar 'Microphylla Purpurea' was first described by C. de Vos [1] Handboek 203 1887.
 Bulbophyllum alabastraceus is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Philydrum is a genus of tufted herbaceous aquatic macrophyte plants one of three genera constituting the plant family Philydraceae.Philydrum lanuginosum is the sole known species. They are commonly known as frogsmouths and woolly waterlilies.Woolly waterlilies occur naturally across south and east Asia including India S.
 Pitcairnia hirtzii is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Octomeria nana is an orchid species in the genus Octomeria found in Venezuela.
 Cathariostachys madagascariensis the Madagascar giant bamboo or Volohosy in Malagasy language is a bamboo species in the genus Cathariostachys found in Madagascar.It is the main food source for the bamboo lemurs especially the golden bamboo lemur. It contains cyanide particularly in its growing shoots.
 Tricomaria is a genus in the Malpighiaceae a family of about 75 genera of flowering plants in the order Malpighiales. Tricomaria includes one species T. usillo which occurs in dry vegetation in western Argentina on the eastern side of the Andes.
 Fritillaria pallidiflora is a species of flowering plant in the family Liliaceae. It is native to Xinjiang Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan.Fritillaria pallidiflora reaches up to 38 cm (15 in) in height and bears yellow nodding (hanging downward) flowers.
 Salvia parryi (Parry's sage) is a perennial subshrub that is endemic to Northern Mexico (Sonora state) southwestern New Mexico and southern Arizona growing at 3500 to 5000 ft (1100 to 1500 m) elevation.Native people used preparations of the roots to treat gastric disorders.[citation needed] Parryin is a pimarane-derived diterpene isolated from this plant. Other compounds found in this species are isopimara-8(14)15-dien-7-one isopimara-68(14)15-triene and isopimara-815-dien-7-one.
 Boechera yorkii is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Last Chance rockcress. It is endemic to Inyo County California where it is known only from the Last Chance Range in Death Valley National Park. There are only two occurrences known but the plant occurs in remote nearly inaccessible mountain territory so more plants may exist unobserved. The species was only described to science in 2004.
 Aetheorhiza is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Piptothrix is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Calathea picturata is a species of plant in the family Marantaceae native to northwest Brazil. It is a clump-forming evergreen perennial growing to 35–40 cm (14–16 in). The leaves are dark green above purple below marked heavily with silver along the veins and midriff. It is tender with a minimum temperature of 16 °C (61 °F) required and in temperate areas is cultivated indoors as a houseplant.The variety C.
 The order Polypodiales encompasses the major lineages of polypod ferns which comprise more than 80% of today's fern species. They are found in many parts of the world including tropical semitropical and temperate areas.
 Hemiandra pungens commonly known as snakebush is a shrub or trailing plant that is endemic to south-west Western Australia. Ranging in height from 5 cm to 100 cm it occurs on rock outcrops. The spotted flowers may be white pink or bluish-purple and appear throughout the year.The species was formally described in 1810 by Scottish botanist Robert BrownThe widely cultivated variety known as Hemiandra pungens var. glabra is currently classified under the species name Hemiandra glabra.
 Hennediella heimii (formerly Pottia heimii) known as Heim’s Pottia is a moss with 2.5 mm brown or yellow-green tufts. It is found in saline environments such as coastal salt marshes and in recent times on the verges of roads salted to prevent icing.
 Bulbophyllum laxum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Juncus heterophyllus is an aquatic species of rush. It is native to the Mediterranean.
 Micropyropsis is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Bulbophyllum maxillarioides is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Diospyros rigida is a tree in the Ebenaceae family. It grows up to 26 metres (90 ft) tall. The twigs are greyish black. The fruits are round up to 4.5 cm (2 in) long. The specific epithet rigida is from the Latin meaning stiff or rigid referring to the leaves. Habitat is lowland mixed dipterocarp forests. D. rigida is found in Sumatra Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.
 Oxalis illinoensis the Illinois Woodsorrel is a species of flowering plant in the woodsorrel family. It is native to the United States where it is endemic to the Interior Low Plateaus of Illinois Indiana Kentucky and Tennessee. The limits of the range of this species are unclear due to its similarity to Oxalis grandis with which there has been confusion.Oxalis illinoensis is a perennial that produces yellow flowers with red-lined centers.
 Trophis scandens subsp. megacarpa is a flowering plant in the mulberry family. The subspecific epithet comes from the Greek mega (“big”) and carpos (“fruit”) with reference to the larger fruits in this subspecies.
 Dracophyllum secundum is a prostrate to semi-erect shrub found in eastern Australia. It occurs from as far south as Pigeon House Mountain north to Kendall New South Wales on the mid north coast. A common plant in the Blue Mountains near Sydney. Found as far west as Blackheath. It is often noticed by bushwalkers for the attractive flowers and arching foliage.
 Rehderodendron macrocarpum is a species of flowering plant in the family Styracaceae native to southwestern China (Guangxi Sichuan Yunnan) and northern Vietnam where it grows at altitudes of 1000–1500 m. It is threatened by habitat loss.It is a deciduous small tree growing to 7–10 m tall with a trunk up to 25 cm diameter.
 Goldmanella is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Oncidium deltoideum is a species of orchid found from southern Ecuador to northern Peru.
 Erechtites is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family known commonly as fireweeds or burnweeds. They are native to the Americas but some species are widely distributed weeds. Some species in this genus are treated as members of Senecio by some authors and several other species are considered variants of E. hieracifolia so there may be as few as 5 distinct species in this genus.
 Herodotia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Osyris compressa (Cape Sumach or Pruimbos) is a facultatively hemiparasitic mainly South African plant of the Sandalwood family Santalaceae. Until recently the favoured binomial name was Colpoon compressum but at about 2001 the genus Colpoon was included in Osyris on the basis of comparative DNA studies.That assignment is not final however and according to the Kew Gardens Plant list Colpoon compressum P.J.Bergius though still in review is the accepted name.
 Trentepohlia aurea is a green alga that grows on the trunks and branches of Monterey cypress (Cupressus macrocarpa) where the tree occurs in coastal central California. The orange coloration results from carotenoid pigments in the alga cells.
 Palmodictyon is a genus of algae in the family Hormotilaceae.
 Salix magnifica is a species of willow in the family Salicaceae. It is endemic to Sichuan in southwestern China where it grows at high altitudes of 2100–3000 m above sea level. It is threatened by habitat loss.It is a deciduous shrub or small tree growing to 6 m (20 ft) tall. The leaves are alternate 10–25 cm long and 7–12 cm broad with an entire margin; they are green above and glaucous below with red veins and petiole.
 Xanthophyllum is a genus of about 94 species of trees and shrubs of the plant family Polygalaceae. The generic name is from the Greek meaning yellow leaf referring to how the leaves are often yellow when dry. In Borneo it is known as minyak berok in Malay or nyalin in the Iban language.
 Schoenoplectus tabernaemontani (syn. Scirpus validus) is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common names softstem bulrush and great bulrush. It can be found throughout much of the world; it has been reported from every state in the United States (including Hawaii) and from every province and territory in Canada except Nunavut. It grows in moist and wet habitat and sometimes in shallow water.
 Changium smyrnioides is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae of the monotypic genus Changium. It is endemic to the Yangtze basin of China.
 Acacia verticillata (Prickly Moses; Prickly-leaved Wattle; Star-Leaved Acacia; Prickly Mimosa; Whorl-Leaved Acacia) is a perennial shrub to small tree native to Australia and Tasmania. The species is a common understorey shrub in both wet and dry sclerophyll forests as well as scrub and heath. In coastal environments it will often have much wider leaves as opposed to the regular needle-like nature of inland specimens.
 Dalbergia boniana is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Vietnam.
 Miconia suborbicularis is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 This article is about ipil (Intsia bijuga) for the ipil-ipil tree see Leucaena leucocephala.Intsia bijuga is a species of flowering tree in the pea family Fabaceae native to the Indo-Pacific. It ranges from Tanzania and Madagascar east through India and Queensland Australia to the Pacific island of Samoa. It grows to around 50 metres (160 feet) tall with a highly buttressed trunk. It inhabits mangrove forests.The tree has a variety of common names including ipil merbau and kwila.
 Pultenaea scabra (Rough Bush-pea) is a shrub which is endemic to Australia . It is a member of the family Fabaceae and of the genus Pultenaea.The species is an erect or spreading shrub that can grow up to 3 metre in height. The leaves have a rough surface and recurved edges. They are variable in shape and their length ranges from 3 to 16 mm in length and 2 to 13 mm in width.The flowers which appear in spring are yellow with a red centre.
 Miconia abbreviata is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Holboellia is a genus of flowering plant in the Lardizabalaceae family. There are twenty species in the genus all restricted to Southeast Asia the Himalayas and China. Holboellia is s genus of mostly perennial evergreen vines although some are deciduous. The flowers are monoecious that is separate male and female flowers are produced on the same plant.
 Taraxacum albidum is a species of dandelion that grows in eastern Eurasia.A member of the Asteraceae it is a perennial herbaceous plant native to the southern part of Japan.It is sometimes mistaken for Taraxacum coreanum but T. coreanum grows wild chiefly in the Korean Peninsula and some parts of China.Taraxacum albidum is a cross between T. coreanum and Taraxacum japonicum. (Tatsuyoshi Morita Moleculer phylodenetic analyese of polyoloid complex of East Asian Taraxacum [sic] 1996-1997.)
 Nymphaea odorata subsp. odorata is a subspecies of Nymphaea odorata that is found in the United States. It has a very round leaf. The family is also called the water-lily family.
 Anthurium ceratiinum is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subantarctic forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Utricularia terrae-reginae is a small probably annual carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia. U. terrae-reginae is endemic to the Cape York Peninsula of Queensland Australia where it is only known from two locations. It grows as a terrestrial plant in sedge flats in shallow water or in open Melaleuca woodland at lower altitudes. It was originally described and published by Peter Taylor in 1986.
 Masdevallia pumila is a species of orchid found from southern Colombia into central Bolivia.
 Dipsacus fullonum syn. Dipsacus sylvestris is a species of flowering plant known by the common names Fuller's teasel and wild teasel. It is native to Eurasia and North Africa but it is known in the Americas southern Africa Australia and New Zealand as an introduced species and often a noxious weed. The inflorescence is a cylindrical array of lavender flowers which dries to a cone of spine-tipped hard bracts. It may be 10 centimeters long. D.
 Dipodium pulchellum is a leafless mycoheterotrophic orchid that is endemic to north-east New South Wales and south-east Queensland in Australia.
 Fitchia rapensis is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in French Polynesia.
 Bulbophyllum angustifolium is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Aechmea flavorosea is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Trianthema is a genus of flowering plants in the ice plant family Aizoaceae. Members of the genus are annuals or perennials generally characterized by fleshy opposite unequal smooth-margined leaves a prostrate growth form flowers with five perianth segments subtended by a pair of bracts and a fruit with a winged lid. They are known commonly as horse purslanes.The contains about 20 described species growing in tropical and subtropical regions especially Australia.
 Thamnobryum is a genus of moss in family Neckeraceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Thamnobryum angustifolium (Holt) Crundw. Thamnobryum fernandesii (Sergio) Ochyra
 The hybrid cultivar 'Morton Red Tip' (selling name Danada Charm) is a Morton Arboretum selection derived from an open pollination of Accolade. The tree has occasionally been reported as a result of the hybridization of Accolade with the Siberian Elm Ulmus pumila an error probably owing to the use of U. pumila as rootstock.
 Pleurophyllum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae. It contains three species and is native to the subantarctic islands of New Zealand (the Auckland Islands Campbell Island and the Antipodes Islands) and Australia (Macquarie Island).
 Polygonella ciliata the Fringed jointweed is a plant species endemic to Florida. It is found in pinelands and sandy pine barrens at elevations less than 50 m in central and southern parts of the state.Polygonella basiramia is treated as a variety of P. ciliata by some authors but classed as a separate species by Flora of North America and other recent publications.
 Scalesia baurii is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.
 Ceropegia elegans is a plant species in the genus Ceropegia found in India and Sri Lanka.
 Cuchumatanea is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Erysimum mediohispanicum is a perennial short-lived monocarpic herb found in many montane regions of eastern Spain where it is distributed between 800–2000 m above sea level and inhabits forests scrublands and shrublands.
 Aspiran (or Aspiran noir) is a red French wine grape variety planted primarily in the Languedoc where it permitted under Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC) regulations in the red and rosé wines of the Minervois AOC. Aspiran is a very old variety with a long history of producing light bodied and perfumed wines.
 Botrychium montanum is a species of fern known by the common names western goblin and mountain moonwort. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to northern California to Montana where it grows in the dark understory of coniferous forests and other moist wooded areas. This is very small plant growing from an underground caudex and sending one thin gray-green leaf above the surface of the ground.
 Laportea aestuans (Urtica aestuans) the West Indian woodnettle is an annual herb of the Urticaceae or nettle family.It is possibly native to tropical Africa although it now is widespread as an introduced species throughout both the western hemisphere and eastern hemisphere tropics and subtropics including the USA (California Florida Puerto Rico) Central America the West Indies India Sumatra and Java.L.
 Loricaria is a genus of flowering plants in the Asteraceae family.Its members include:Loricaria antisanensisLoricaria azuayensisLoricaria ollgaardiiLoricaria scolopendraLoricaria thuyoides
 Cynoglossum officinale (houndstongue houndstooth dog's tongue gypsy flower and rats and mice due to its smell) is a herbaceous plant of the family Boraginaceae found in most parts of Europe and also North America where it was accidentally introduced.
 Clarkia epilobioides is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name canyon clarkia. It is native to California Arizona and Baja California where it grows in shaded habitat in woodland and chaparral. It is an annual herb producing a slender erect stem sometimes exceeding half a meter in height. The leaves are narrowly to widely lance-shaped and less than 3 centimeters long. The top of the stem is occupied by the inflorescence.
 Cyanea hamatiflora is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name wetforest cyanea. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known from the islands of Maui and Hawaii and there are probably fewer than 250 plants remaining in total. It is a federally listed endangered species. Like other Cyanea it is known as haha in Hawaiian.There are two subspecies of this species. The more abundant ssp.
 In taxonomy Chlorosphaeropsis is a genus of algae specifically of the Chlorosarcinales.
 Calotis is a genus of herbs or small shrubs in the family Asteraceae. Most of the species are native to Australia while two occur in Asia.There are about 26 species.Species include:Calotis ancyrocarpa J.M.Black - anchor burr-daisy Calotis anthemoides F.Muell. - cut-leaved burr-daisy Calotis breviradiata(Ising) G.L.R.Davis Calotis breviseta Benth. Calotis cuneata (Benth.) G.L.R.Davis - mountain burr-daisyCalotis cuneifolia R.Br. - purple burr-daisy Calotis cymbacantha F.Muell.
 Premna szemaoensis is a species of plant in the Verbenaceae family. It is endemic to China. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Anthurium pellucidopunctatum is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Common Wireweed (Sida acuta) is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family Malvaceae. It is believed to have originated in Central America but today has a pantropical distribution and is considered a weed in some areas.
 Persicaria bistorta (bistort common bistort) is a species of flowering plant native to Europe and north and west Asia. The generic placement of this species is in flux. While treated here in Persicaria it has also been placed in Polygonum or Bistorta.
 Najas wrightiana is a submerged aquatic plant species found in lakes and streams. It is native to Mexico Guatemala Belize Honduras the Bahamas Cuba and Venezuela. It is also considered introduced and naturalized in southern Florida.
 Bulbophyllum tixieri is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Bulbophyllum luckraftii is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Bulbophyllum menglunense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Horsfieldia ampliformis is a small rainforest tree in the Myristicaceae family endemic to Papua New Guinea. It is only known to exist in the former Sepik Province (now East Sepik and Sandaun Provinces) and Morobe Province where it grows in rainforests in the foothills and low areas of mountains.
 Ficus schumacheri is a species of plant in the Moraceae family. It is found in Brazil Guyana and Venezuela.
 Podocarpus tepuiensis is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.It is found only in Venezuela.
 Araucaria scopulorum is a species of conifer in the Araucariaceae family.It is found only in New Caledonia.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Carex concinnoides is a species of sedge known by the common name northwestern sedge. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California where it can be found in moist or dry habitat often in woodland and forested slopes on silty and clay soils. This sedge produces loose clumps of stems up to about 35 centimeters in maximum height from long rhizomes. The leaves are thick but narrow sickle-shaped and pale green in color.
 Stromanthe is a genus of plant in family Marantaceae native to the tropical portions of the Americas from Mexico to Trinidad to Argentina. There are about 20 recognized species including: Stromanthe porteana Stromanthe ramosissima L.Andersson↑ ↑
 Bulbophyllum pauciflorum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Bucephalandra is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. The genus derives its name from the Greek word for bull's head due to its horn shaped anthers. There are three species in Bucephalandra namely Bucephalandra gigantea Bucephalandra motleyana and Bucephalandra catherineae. All of them are rheophytes from Borneo. Bucephalandra are found growing as dense mats over stones in streams.
 Cavalcantia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Pseuderia is a genus of orchids consisting of about 19 species distributed from the Moluccas through New Guinea to Samoa and Fiji. The genus has its center of diversity in New Guinea.
 Amitostigma keiskei is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family found in Japan.
 Rhododendron vialii (红马银花) is a rhododendron species native to Laos Vietnam and southern Yunnan China where it grows at altitudes of 1200–1800 meters. It is a shrub that grows to 2–4.5 m in height with leaves that are lanceolate oblong-lanceolate or obovate-lanceolate 4–9 by 1.8–4 cm in size. Flowers are dark red.
 Rafflesia aurantia is a member of the genus Rafflesia. It is a parasitic flowering plant endemic to Luzon Island Philippines in the Quirino Protected Landscape. See original publication and a review of Philippine Rafflesia.
 Condylago rodrigoi is a species of orchids and the sole species of the genus Condylago. The generic name refers to the articulation of the lip which like the genus Acostaea. is sensitive and snaps up when triggered. The leaves are up to about 4 long. Each inflorescence has many flowers and each flower may last for several months. This orchid has no pseudobulbs.The species is uniquely found in Colombia at altitudes ranging from 4600 feet (1400 m) to 5250 feet (1600 m).
 Streptochlora is a genus of algae in the family Chaetophoraceae.
 Arnoglossum diversifolium is a species of Arnoglossum and the family Asteraceae.
 Araeococcus flagellifolius is a species of the genus Araeococcus. This species is native to Bolivia.
 Cerastium fontanum also called Mouse-ear chickweed Common mouse-ear or Starweed is a species of mat forming perennial or rarely annual plant. It is native to Europe but introduced elsewhere. Mouse-ear chickweed's identifying characteristics are tear-shaped leaves growing opposite one another in a star pattern hairy leaves and small white flowers.
 Swertia is a genus in the gentian family containing plants sometimes referred to as the felworts. Some species bear very showy purple and blue flowers.Plants of genus Frasera are sometimes considered part of this genus sometimes as a separate genus and sometimes as synonymous.
 Archidendron bigeminum is a tree species in the legume family (Fabaceae). It is found in India and Sri Lanka.The World Conservation Monitoring Centre (WCMC) in the 1998 IUCN Redlist reviewed Abarema bigemina and Pithecellobium gracile as Vulnerable species. These are nowadays both considered junior synonyms of Archidendron bigeminum.
 Wallichia as described by A. P. de Candolle is now Eriolaena.Wallichia is a genus of seven species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae (palm) family. The genus is distributed in the Eastern Himalayas and southern China. It contains the following species: Wallichia triandra
 Solanum diffusum redirects here. This name has also been applied to other species; see text.Solanum ternifolium is a species of plant in the Solanaceae family. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.S. ternifolium as described by Erich Werdermann is an invalid name for this plant that is sometimes still seen. Altogether the following synonyms are assigned to this species: Solanum dendrophilum Bitter Solanum diffusum Ruiz & Pav.S. diffusum Roxb. ex Wall. is S.
 Aloysia wrightii is a species of flowering plant in the verbena family known by the common names Wright's beebrush and oreganillo. It is native to the Sonoran Desert of southwestern United States and northern Mexico where it can be found in moist desert canyons scrub and woodland habitat. This is a thickly branching shrub which reaches nearly two meters in maximum height and is generally rounded in form.
 Horsfieldia irya is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is found in Burma India Malaysia Papua New Guinea Singapore Solomon Islands Sri Lanka Thailand and Vietnam.
 Justicia genistiformis is a plant native of Cerrado vegetation of Brazil.
 Laelia undulata is a species of orchid native to Colombia Trinidad and Venezuela.
 Lysiana is a genus of parasitic shrubs endemic to Australia.Species include:Lysiana casuarinae (Miq.) Tiegh. Lysiana exocarpi (Behr) Tiegh. (Harlequin Mistletoe)Lysiana filifolia Barlow Lysiana linearifolia Tiegh. Lysiana maritima (Barlow) Barlow Lysiana murrayi (F.Muell. & Tate) Tiegh.Lysiana spathulata (Blakely) Barlow Lysiana subfalcata (Hook.) Barlow
 Bulbophyllum caloglossum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Thryptomene saxicola commonly known as Rock Thryptomene is a shrub species in the family Myrtaceae. It grows to between 0.3 and 1.5 metres high and produces white or pink flowers between February and November in the species native range. The species is endemic to Western Australia.Cultivars include:F.C.
 Nervilia is a genus of orchid with about 65 species 6 in Australia with 2 or 3 endemic and the rest widely distributed in tropical Asia with 16 in India and 5 in southern Africa.There are flowering and non-flowering varieties - the non-flowering plants have only a single leaf and are either ground-hugging or erect. The flowering varieties have a fleshy flower stem with only one or a few flowers and a leaf which arises later at the base of the dying flower stem.
 Alexandrouli is a red grape variety grown in the country of Georgia.
 Atriplex suberecta is a species of saltbush known by the common names sprawling saltbush and lagoon saltbush. It is native to Australia.
 Alcantarea extensa is a species of the genus Alcantarea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Utricularia sect. Avesicaria is a section in the genus Utricularia. Both species in this section are endemic to Central and South America.
 Gustavia serrata is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.It is found only in Ecuador and also Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Plagiobothrys parishii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Parish's popcornflower. It is endemic to California where it is known only from Inyo Mono and San Bernardino Counties. It can be found on mud flats and around desert springs in Joshua tree woodland and scrub.It is an annual herb growing prostrate along the ground the stems reaching up to about 30 centimeters long. It is coated in short hairs.
 Euphorbia psammogeton commonly known as Sand Spurge is a flowering plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. The specific epithet derives from the Greek psammos (“sand”) and geiton (“neighbour”) alluding to the typical habitat.
 Salacia petenensis is a tropical tree native to Central America. It is found in cloud forests and along the eastern coast of Costa Rica at elevations of 1500 to 1700 m. It flowers from March through May and also in October and November. The flowers are tiny and have an odor like rotten fruit.
 Orthrosanthus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae. It can be seen in Australia Central and South America. The genus name is derived from the Greek words orthros meaning morning and anthos meaning flower. They are known commonly as morning irises.
 Castanea pumila commonly known as the Allegheny chinquapin American chinquapin (from the Powhatan) or dwarf chestnut is a species of chestnut native to the eastern United States from southern New Jersey and Pennsylvania south to central Florida west to eastern Texas and north to southern Missouri and Kentucky. The plant's habitat is dry sandy and rocky uplands and ridges mixed with oak and hickory to 1000 m elevation. It grows best on well-drained soils in full sun or partial shade.
 Ampelocissus concinna is a climbing vine or liana in the Grape family native to Angola.
 The mirabelle plum also known as the mirabelle prune (Prunus domestica subsp. syriaca) is the edible drupaceous fruit of the mirabelle prune tree a cultivar of the plum tree of the genus Prunus. It is believed that the plum was cultivated from a wild fruit grown in Asia Minor.
 Helicia glabriflora is a species of rainforest shrubs or small trees occurring in eastern Australia. Common names include smooth or pale helicia pale leather or brown oak.
 Collinsia rattanii is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name sticky blue-eyed Mary. It is native to the coniferous forests of the Pacific Northwest of the United States from Washington to northern California. It is an annual herb growing up to 40 centimeters tall with linear leaves rolled under along the edges. The leaves are hairy on the upper surface and hairless and purple-tinted underneath. The inflorescence is coated in sticky glandular hairs.
 Elephantopus scaber is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found in Tropical Africa Eastern Asia Indian Subcontinent Southeast Asia and Australia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Triosteum commonly known as horse gentian or less commonly feverwort is a genus of flowering plant which includes six species. It is in the Caprifoliaceae family. A genus of six species total it has three species native to North America and three more in China and Japan. These are perennial herbaceous plants of rich woods.
 Convolvulus tricolor (syn. C. minor) is a species of morning glory known by the common name Dwarf Morning Glory.
 Ansonica or Inzolia is a white Italian wine grape planted primarily in western Sicily where it can be used to produce Marsala wine. The grape is noted for its nutty aroma. In Tuscany the grape is known as Ansonica. It is the chief (and potentially only) component of the Tuscan D.O.C.
 Polyscias farinosa is a species of plant in the Araliaceae family. It is endemic to Ethiopia.
 Verbesina pseudoclausseni is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Brazil.
 Homogyne alpina Alpine coltsfoot or purple colt's-foot is a rhizomatous herb in the Asteraceae family which is often used as an ornamental plant. In addition this plant has purple-red flowers and it is usually associated with the gall flies Ensina sonchi and Acidia cognata.Homogyne alpina is a perennial plant that reaches a height of 10 to 40 centimeters. The rhizome is creeping woolly and scaly. The stem is erect reddish brown and often single head.
 Andrographis is a genus of flowering plants in the acanthus family. They may be known generally as the false waterwillows and several are called periyanagai.Most species are native to Asia. Many are endemic to India. They may be herbs or shrubs.Some species are used medicinally. The best known is Andrographis paniculata which is valued in Ayurveda Unani and Siddha medicine. It is used to treat a very long list of illnesses and conditions. A. alata and A.
 Hymenodictyon is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. It has about 30 species. All are native to the Old World. The wood of Hymenodictyon orixense is soft and has limited use mostly for boxes. The type species for Hymenodictyon is Hymenodictyon orixense (synonym: Hymenodictyon excelsum). Hymenodictyon was named by Nathaniel Wallich in 1824 in an addendum to William Roxburgh's Flora Indica in an edition published by Carey and Wallich after Roxburgh's death.
 Ammoides is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae comprising 2 species. It is endemic to northern Africa and southern Europe.
 Dipterocarpus tempehes is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae uniquely found in Kalimantan. The tree is found in swampy areas and along streams. It frequently reaches a height of over 50 m.
 Anthostema is a flowering plant genus in the Family Euphorbiaceae (Spurge family). The genus includes only three species native to Africa and Madagascar.
 Flacourtia indica (syn. Flacourtia ramontchi) known commonly as ramontchi governor’s plum batoko plum and Indian plum is a species of flowering plant native to much of Africa and tropical and temperate parts of Asia. F. indica and F. ramontchi are sometimes treated as separate species.
 Cryptanthus latifolius is a species of the genus Cryptanthus. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 The Wych Elm Ulmus glabra cultivar 'Crispa Aurea' was first mentioned by Schelle in Beissner et al. Handb. Laubh.-Bennen 86 1903.
 Allagoptera is a monoecious genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in South America consisting of 5 accepted species. Compared to other genera within the Cocoeae Allagoptera is described as particularly specialized. The genus name is a Greek combination of change and feather describing the full leaf; it was formerly named Diplothemium.
 Eucalyptus cambageana commonly known as the Dawson River blackbutt or Coowarra box is a species of eucalypt native to eastern Australia.Joseph Maiden described Eucalyptus cambageana in 1913 the type specimen was collected in 1912 from Mirtna Station near Charters Towers in Queensland. He named it in honour of surveyor and botanist Richard Hind Cambage.Eucalyptus cambageana reaches heights of 15 to 25 m with a spreading crown of 5–15 m and a single straight trunk.
 Dalbergia eremicola is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found in Kenya and Somalia.
 Miconia sodiroi is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Acianthus is a small genus of 9 species 8 endemic in Australia and 1 in New Zealand from the orchid family (Orchidaceae). Previously there were more species included in Acianthus but about half of them have now been redistributed to other genera such as Acianthella.The name is derived from the Greek words achis (point) and anthos (flower) referring to the pointed sepals.
 Flickingeria abbreviated as Flkga in horticultural trade is a genus of orchids consisting of more than 60 species found from the Himalaya to Southeast Asia Indonesia through New Guinea.
 Bifrenaria inodora is a species of orchid.16x Media related to Bifrenaria inodora at Wikimedia Commons
 Collinsia is also a spider genus in the Linyphiidae family.Collinsia is a genus of about 20 species of annual flowering plants consisting of the Blue-eyed Marys and the Chinese Houses.
 Polanisia jamesii common name James’s clammyweed is a plant species native to the central part of the United States. It is reported from Minnesota Wisconsin Ohio Indiana Illinois Iowa South Dakota Nebraska Colorado New Mexico Texas and Oklahoma. It generally prefers sandy disturbed soils. The species is considered locally endangered within the State of Minnesota.Polanisia jamesii is an annual herb with branched stems producing pale yellow flowers on a terminal raceme.
 Gleditsia vestita is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in China.
 Araeococcus micranthus is a species of the genus Araeococcus. This species is native to Venezuela.
 Monophyllorchis is a monotypic genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae. The sole species is Monophyllorchis microstyloides.
 Rhapidophyllum hystrix (Needle Palm) is a palm the sole member of the genus Rhapidophyllum. It is native to the subtropical southeastern United States from central Florida to Georgia Mississippi South Carolina and Alabama.
 Thalictrum delavayi (common names Chinese or Yunnan meadow rue) is a species of flowering plant in the family Ranunculaceae native to China.
 Sageretia horrida is a 3m tall erect shrub with short branchlets and red-brown spines. It is found on forest margins on mountains and stony slopes between 1900 and 3600 m in W Sichuan E Xizang NW Yunnan China.
 Tabernaemontana oppositifolia is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family. It is endemic to Puerto Rico.
 Salix bebbiana is a species of willow indigenous to Canada and the northern United States from Alaska and Yukon south to California and Arizona and northeast to Newfoundland and New England. Common names include beaked willow long-beaked willow gray willow and Bebb's willow.This plant is typically a large fast-growing multiple-stemmed shrub or small shrubby tree capable of forming dense colonial thickets.
 Potamogeton quinquenervius Hagstr. is an aquatic herb in the family Potamogetonaceae. It has a very widespread distribution in many riparian habitats. Potamogeton quinquenervius Hagstr. Kungl. Svenska Vetenskapsakad. Handl. n. s. lv. No. 5 130 (1916).
 Justicia takhinensis is a species of plant in the Acanthaceae family. It is endemic to Yemen. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Tribulus is also a derivative Roman era (Latin language) name for the weapon known in English today as the caltrop which bears strong resemblances with the plant today named Latin: Tribulus terrestris or puncture vine.Tribulus is a genus of plants found in many warm regions. The best-known member is T. terrestris (puncture vine) a widespread weed and also the source of a dietary supplement. T. terrestris has been said to raise natural testosterone levels if taken as a supplement.
 Pouteria izabalensis is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is found in Belize Guatemala Honduras and Nicaragua.
 The Anacampserotaceae are a family of plants proposed in the February 2010 issue of the journal Taxon. The family was described by Urs Eggli and Reto Nyffeler in their analysis of the polyphyly in the suborder Portulacineae (order Caryophyllales). The new family and its circumscription was based on molecular and morphological data. The three recognized genera - Anacampseros Grahamia and Talinopsis - were formerly placed in the Portulacaceae.
 Lecointea ovalifolia is a legume of the Fabaceae family found exclusively in Peru.
 Drosera yutajensis is a rare species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera. It is endemic to Venezuela in the Valley of Rio Coro-Coro and grows in moist sandstone outcrops near sources of water at elevations from 600–1800 metres (1970–5910 ft). This species was first collected in 1987 but was not formally described until Rodrigo Duno de Stefano and Alastair Culham published it in a 1995 volume of Novon. Drosera yutajensis is closely related to D. villosa and D. arenicola.
 Conchidium is a genus of orchids. It used to be considered as a synonym of the genus Eria but it has become an accepted name.
 Vulpia myuros the rat's-tail fescue is an annual grass species of the genus Vulpia. It was probably originally native to Eurasia but it can now be found nearly worldwide as a naturalized species.In the United Kingdom it forms dense even swards of fine hair-like stems in recently disturbed habitats such as 3-10-year-old pulverised fuel ash. It is typically displaced by perennial grasses after about a decade.
 Sarcolaena is a genus of plant in the Madagascar-endemic family Sarcolaenaceae. Species include: Sarcolaena codonochlamys Baker Sarcolaena delphinensis Cavaco Sarcolaena eriophora Thouars Sarcolaena grandiflora Thouars Sarcolaena humbertiana Cavaco Sarcolaena isaloensis Randrianasolo & Miller Sarcolaena multiflora Thouars Sarcolaena oblongifolia F.Gérard
 Iris missouriensis (syn. I. montana) is a hardy flowering bulbous species of the genus iris in the family Iridaceae. It is native to western North America. Its distribution is varied; it grows at high elevations in mountains and alpine meadows and all the way down to sea level in coastal hills. Its common names include western blue flag Rocky Mountain iris and Missouri flag.
 Synedrellopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Lindley's Dendrobium (Dendrobium lindleyi) also known as Dendrobium aggregatum (nom. illeg.) is a plant of the genus Dendrobium. They are found in Southeast Asian mountains.Dendrobium lindleyi flowers in spring with inflorescences of about 10-30 cm (4-12 in) long having 5 to 15 flowers. The plant enjoys a lot of light.
 In taxonomy Podohedriella is a genus of algae specifically of the Selenastraceae.
 Rosa henryi is a rose species native to China. The species is a climbing shrub 3–8 m with long repent branches. Prickles are absent or scattered curved. Leaves are glabrous or sparsely glandular-pubescent with commonly 5 leaflets. The flowers appear in mid to late summer 5–15 in an umbel-like corymb each flower 3–4 cm in diameter white and fragrant. The hips are brownish red. It grows in forest margins thickets or scrub valleys or farmland at 1700–2000 m alt.
 Ceanothus depressus Benth. is a shrub in the family Rhamnaceae native to the Mexican states of Chihuahua and Sonora. It is a shrub up to 70 cm tall growing in clearings in pine-oak forests.
 Madagasikaria is a genus in the Malpighiaceae a family of about 75 genera of flowering plants in the order Malpighiales. Madagasikaria contains only one species (M. andersonii) of woody vines native to deciduous seasonally dry forest of Madagascar.
 The pistachio Pistacia vera a member of the cashew family is a small tree originally from Central Asia and the Middle East. Pistachio trees can be found in regions of Iran Syria Lebanon Turkey Greece Tunisia Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan Turkmenistan India Pakistan Egypt Italy (Sicily) Uzbekistan Afghanistan (especially in the provinces of Samangan and Badghis) and the United States specifically in California.
 Triosteum angustifolium commonly known as yellow horse gentian is a species of flowering plant of the Caprifoliaceae family. It is found Eastern North America primarily in Limestone regions.
 Juncus luciensis is a species of rush known by the common name Santa Lucia dwarf rush. It is endemic to California where it is uncommon.This species is an annual herb growing just a few centimeters tall. It is yellowish green in color. The leaves are up to 1.5 centimeters long. The inflorescence contains one or two flowers with yellow-green tepals.
 Buddleja davidii 'Flaming Violet' is an old American cultivar raised by Paul Schmidt at Youngstown Ohio and patented in 1942.
 Molineria capitulata is a species of flowering plant known by the common name palm grass. It is native to much of eastern and southern Asia Indonesia and northern Australia. It can be found in many other tropical and warmer temperate places where it is grown as an ornamental plant. This is a bunch-forming herb with long flat fibrous leaves and star-shaped yellow flowers. The fibers from the plant have been used for purposes such as making nets and the fruit is edible.
 Utricularia raynalii is a small annual suspended aquatic carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia. U. raynalii is endemic to tropical Africa and can be found in Burkina Faso Cameroon the Central African Republic Chad Rwanda Senegal and Sudan. It was described by Peter Taylor in 1986 and was named in honor of Jean Raynal of the Paris Herbarium who had collected this species in Cameroon and Rwanda.
 Plagiobothrys strictus is a rare species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Calistoga popcornflower. It is endemic to Napa County California where it is known from only two small locations near Calistoga.
 Typha tichomirovii commonly called the Astrakhan cattail is a plant species native to the Astrakhan Oblast in the southern part of European Russia. The species grows in freshwater marshes and along the banks of streams and lakes. The delta of the Volga River lies within Astrakhan.
 Cladochaeta is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Rhizanthes deceptor is a species of parasitic flowering plants without leaves stems roots or photosynthetic tissue. They grow on roots of the Tetrastigma vine. They are only found in the tropical forests of Sumatra at 500–700 m. The flowers are white with red-brown tips and are from 20 to 27 cm across.
 Calceolaria odontophylla is a species of plant in the Calceolariaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Cranocarpus is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae and was recently assigned to the informal monophyletic Pterocarpus clade of the Dalbergieae.
 Pellegriniodendron diphyllum is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found in Cameroon Côte d'Ivoire Gabon and Ghana.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Aegialitis is a genus of two shrubby mangrove species with one native to Southeast Asia and the other native to Australia and Papua New Guinea.
 Pseudoeriosema is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
 Roystonea violacea is a species of palm which is endemic to the Maisí region of Guantánamo Province in eastern Cuba.
 'Inskip' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Tillandsia in the Bromeliad family.
 Physaria parvula (syn. Lesquerella parvula) is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name pygmy bladderpod. It is native to the western United States where it can be found in Colorado Utah and Wyoming.This plant is a tuft-forming perennial herb. It is gray-green in color due to a coating of branching hairs. Stems up to 15 centimeters tall arise from a caudex buried just underground. The leaves are linear in shape and measure 1 to 3 centimeters in length.
 Souzão (or Sousão or Vinhão) is Portuguese wine grape that is used in the production of port wine. While originating in the Minho regions it is used primarily in Australia California and South Africa. In Portugal it is also an authorized planting in the Douro and Dão-Lafões area (Vinho do Dão).
 Mandevilla dodsonii is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Brachystephanus nimbae is a species of plant in the Acanthaceae family. It is found in Cameroon Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea and Liberia.
 'Gympie' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Tillandsia in the Bromeliad family.
 Nageia is a genus of conifers belonging to the podocarp family Podocarpaceae. Nageia includes evergreen shrubs and trees from one to 54 meters in height. A 2009 treatment of the genus recognized five species. Some authors consider Nageia formosensis to be a separate species from Nageia nagi thus recognizing six species. The podocarp genera have been reshuffled by various botanists.
 Melicope balloui (also called Rock Pelea) is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family. It is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands. It is threatened by habitat loss. Like other Hawaiian Melicope this species is known as alani.This plant was described in 1913 by Joseph Rock who named it after Howard M. Ballou proofreader of his book on Hawaiian trees. It is a shrub or small tree with leathery oval leaves up to 10 centimeters long by 7 wide. Young twigs are coated in yellow-brown hairs.
 Grevillea parallela is a shrub native to the southwest of Western Australia.
 Elatine alsinastrum is a member of the genus Elatine in the plant family Elatinaceae the waterwort family. It is distributed in Europe.
 The American Elm Ulmus americana cultivar 'L'Assomption' was selected from seedlings grown from X-irradiated seed at the eponymous experimental station in Quebec before 1965.
 Dendrophorbium amplexicaule is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phalacrocarpum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Jamesoniella colorata is a species of liverwort in the Jungermanniaceae family. It is found in the zone of the Antarctic Convergence. Samples have been found on the Kerguelen islands Crozet islands and the Prince Edward islands.
 Ehretioideae is a subfamily of the flowering plant family Boraginaceae.
 Guzmania candelabrum is a species of the genus Guzmania. This species is native to Ecuador.
 Volvox globator is a species of green algae of the genus Volvox. It was originally described by Carl Linnaeus in his 1758 work Systema Naturae. In 1856 its sexuality was described by Ferdinand Cohn and is the same as Sphaeroplea annulina.
 Ranunculus eschscholtzii is a species of buttercup known by the common name Eschscholtz's buttercup. It is native to much of western North America from Arctic northwestern Canada and Alaska to California to New Mexico where it grows in meadows and talus on high mountain slopes and other open rocky habitat. It is a perennial herb producing one or more erect stems up to 20 or 25 centimeters tall.
 Bauhinia acuminata is a species of flowering shrub native to tropical southeastern Asia. Common names include: Dwarf White Bauhinia White Orchid-tree and Snowy Orchid-tree and শ্বেত কাঞ্চন(Bengali). The exact native range is obscure due to extensive cultivation but probably from Malaysia Indonesia (Java Borneo Kalimantan Lesser Sunda Islands) and the Philippines.It grows two to three meters tall.
 Nuphar lutea (Yellow Water-lily Brandy-Bottle) is an aquatic plant of the family Nymphaeaceae native to temperate regions of Europe northwest Africa and western Asia.
 Lipocarpha is a genus of sedges known as halfchaff sedges. There are approximately 35 species and representatives can be found throughout the tropical and warmer temperate areas of the world. These mostly are erect annual herbs (some perennials are known) growing 1 to 30 centimeters tall. The inflorescence consists of one to few spikes each containing many spirally arranged spikelets. The flower is entangled with two hyalin scales a spikelet prophyll and a glume.
 Arundo donax Giant Cane is a tall perennial cane growing in damp soils either fresh or moderately saline. Other common names include Carrizo Arundo Spanish cane Colorado River Reed Wild cane and Giant reed.Arundo donax is native to eastern and southern Asia the Mediterranean Basin and probably also parts of Africa and southern Arabian Peninsula.
 Peperomia thomeana is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family. It is found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea and São Tomé and Príncipe. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ilex vomitoria commonly known as yaupon or yaupon holly is a species of holly that is native to southeastern North America. The word yaupon was derived from its Catawban name yopún which is a diminutive form of the word yop meaning tree. Another common name cassina was borrowed from the Timucua language (despite this it usually refers to Ilex cassine).
 'Grande' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Vriesea in the Bromeliad family.
 Spachea correae is a species of plant in the Malpighiaceae family. It is found in Costa Rica and Panama. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sarcocapnos (Greek sárx flesh kapnós smoke) is a genus of at least 6 species of somewhat fleshy cushion-forming annual to perennial plants native to cliffs in the French Pyrenees Spain and north Africa.
 Critoniopsis palaciosii is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Salvia reptans is a widely distributed herbaceous perennial native to the mountains of the Trans-Pecos in Texas and in Mexico and Guatemala. It typically grows in dry stream beds and gravelly soils. It was introduced into horticulture in the 19th century and was previously known as S. angustifolia and S. leptophylla both of which refer to the slender leaves.
 The London Metal Exchange (LME) is the futures exchange with the world's largest market in options and futures contracts on base and other metals. As the LME offers contracts with daily expiry dates of up to three months from trade date along with longer-dated contracts up to 123 months it also allows for cash trading. It offers hedging worldwide reference pricing and the option of physical delivery to settle contracts.
 Gilbertsmithia is a genus of algae in the family Dictyosphaeriaceae.
 Banksia pteridifolia subsp. pteridifolia is a subspecies of Banksia pteridifolia(Tangled Honeypot). As an autonym it is defined as encompassing the type material of the species. It was known as Dryandra pteridifolia subsp. pteridifolia until 2007 when Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele sunk all Dryandra into Banksia. As with other members of Banksia ser. Dryandra it is endemic to the South West Botanical Province of Western Australia.
 Chlamydomonas is a genus of green algae consisting of unicellular flagellates found in stagnant water and on damp soil in freshwater seawater and even in snow as snow algae. Chlamydomonas is used as a model organism for molecular biology especially studies of flagellar motility and chloroplast dynamics biogeneses and genetics. One of the many striking features of Chlamydomonas is that it contains ion channels (channelrhodopsins) that are directly activated by light.
 Bridelia micrantha the Mitzeeri or the Coastal Golden-leaf is a tree in the Phyllanthaceae family and is native to Africa.
 Merrilliobryum fabronioides is a species of moss in the Myriniaceae family. It is endemic to the Philippines. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Prostanthera porcata is a shrub that is endemic to the Budawang Range in south-eastern New South Wales in Australia. It has an upright habit growing to between 1.5 and 2 metres high. The leaves are 22 to 36 mm long and 7 to 14 mm wide. Flowers appear singly in the leaf axils in spring in the species native range. The floral tube is 15 to 22 mm long and either cream shading to pink on the lobes or wholly pink.The species was formally described in 1984 by Barry J.
 Vatica umbonata is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is a tree found in Malesia in Indonesia Malaysia the Philippines and in Thailand.
 Racinaea adscendens is a species of the genus Racinaea. This species is native to Mexico.
 Mangifera campnospermoides is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family. It is endemic to Indonesia. It is a Critically endangered species threatened by habitat loss.
 Aextoxicon punctatum the sole species of genus Aextoxicon and family Aextoxicaceae is a tree native to southern Chile and Argentina.Commonly known as the olivillo or aceitunillo it is a large evergreen tree endemic to the forests of the Valdivian temperate rain forests and Magellanic subpolar forests of southern Chile's Pacific coast where it forms is a canopy tree in the broadleaf forests.
 Kopsia is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae. Kopsia includes 61 species.
 In taxonomy Batophora is a genus of algae specifically of the Dasycladaceae.
 Sparaxis bulbifera commonly known as Harlequin Flower is a bulb-forming perennial plant. The species is native to Cape Province in South Africa and naturalised in the Azores and Australia. It grows to between 15 and 60 cm high and has white to cream flowers.
 Froelichia nudicaulis is a species of plant in the Amaranthaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Crataegus viridis (Green Hawthorn) is a species of hawthorn that is native to the southeastern United States. Forms vary considerably and many desirable ornamental forms could be selected from the wild. The cultivar 'Winter King' is a well-known selection.
 Angraecum expansum is a species of orchid found in Réunion.
 Cabernet Dorsa is a dark-skinned variety of grape used for red wine. It was created at a grape breeding institute in Weinsberg in the Württemberg wine region of Germany in 1971 by crossing Dornfelder and Cabernet Sauvignon. Cabernet Dorsa received varietal protection and was released for general cultivation in 2003.
 Polygonatum odoratum (angular Solomon's seal or scented Solomon's seal) syn. P. officinale is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae native to Europe the Caucasus Siberia and Japan. In the United Kingdom it is one of three native species of the genus the others being P. multiflorum and P. verticillatum.
 Zanthoxylum ferrugineum is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family. It is found in Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua and Panama.
 Halenia longicaulis is a species of plant in the Gentianaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Empetrum rubrum known as red crowberry or diddle-dee (Chilean Spanish: Murtilla de Magallanes) is a species of plant in the Ericaceae family with a distributional range in Chile from Talca (35°S) to Cape Horn (55°S); in areas of adjacent Argentina; in the Falkland Islands; and in Tristan da Cunha. One of its northernmost natural growing places is Laguna del Maule.
 Bulbophyllum hirsutiusculum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Persoonia confertiflora commonly known as Cluster-flower Geebung is a shrub species which is native to eastern Australia. It can reach up to 1.5 metres in height and has lanceolate or elliptic leaves. The yellow flowers have four curved petals. These are followed by fleshy green fruits that later turn purple. These are about 18mm long and 14 mm wide.The species was first formally described by botanist George Bentham in 1870 in the fifth volume of Flora Australis.
 The Bromeliaceae (the bromeliads) are a family of monocot flowering plants of around 3170 species native mainly to the tropical Americas with a few species found in the American subtropics and one in tropical west Africa Pitcairnia feliciana. They are among the basal families within the Poales and are unique because they are the only family within the order that has septal nectaries and inferior ovaries. These inferior ovaries characterize the Bromelioideae a subfamily of the Bromeliaceae.
 Eriophorum angustifolium commonly known as common cottongrass or common cottonsedge is a species of sedge in the plant genus Eriophorum of the family Cyperaceae. Native to North America North Asia and Northern Europe it is often found on peat or acidic soils in open wetland heath or moorland.
 Lachenalia namibiensis is a species of plant that is endemic to Namibia. Its natural habitat is cold desert.
 Eriophyllum wallacei (syn. Antheropeas wallacei) is a flowering plant in the daisy family which is known by the common names woolly daisy and woolly easterbonnets. This is a small squat daisy which may grow in clumps or on short erect stems in sand rocks and gravel in the southwestern United States. The plant is covered in masses of white cotton-candy-like wool. It has small oval leaves and each neat bright golden yellow daisy flower is about an inch wide.
 Cyanea dunbariae (often misspelled dunbarii) is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name ravine cyanea. It is endemic to Molokai where there were sixteen plants remaining in the wild as of 2005. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States. Like other Cyanea it is known as haha in Hawaiian.This Hawaiian lobelioid is a branching shrub which grows in wet and moist forests and gulches in the Molokai Forest Reserve.
 Phreatia is a genus of about 150 species of orchids distributed in India Southeast Asia Indonesia New Guinea Australia and the Pacific islands.
 Acacia mitchellii commonly known as Mitchell's Wattle is an erect or spreading shrub which is endemic to Australia. It grows to up to 2 metres high and has small bipinnate leaves.
 Ilex cookii (Cook's Holly or te) is a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family. It is endemic to Puerto Rico. It is threatened by habitat loss. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This tree is only known from a single specimen and a few seedlings in the cloud forests on Cerro de Punta and Monte Jayuya both at Toro Negro State Forest in Puerto Rico. Other specimens were probably destroyed when a communications tower was installed on Cerro de Punta.
 The Polyphysaceae is a taxonomic family of green algae one of two families in the order Dasycladales.
 Buddleja davidii 'Evil Ways' is an American cultivar cloned from a chance seedling probably of Santana discovered at the Cistus Nursery Oregon in 2004 and introduced to commerce by proprietor Sean Hogan in 2006.
 Trachycarpus latisectus (formerly Trachycarpus sikkimensis ined.) is an attractive palm tree with large leathery leaves with exceptionally wide segments and a thick bare and ringed trunk. Its fan-shaped leaves resemble those of Livistona. It has a bare trunk and its seeds resemble those of T. martianus.Trachycarpus latisectus is commonly known as Windamere palm for the locality where its first botanical description was made the garden of the famous Windamere Hotel in Darjeeling India.
 Alectryon subcinereus commonly named Native Quince Wild Quince or Bird's Eye is a species of shrubs or small trees constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae.They grow naturally only (endemic) in eastern Australia from far eastern Victoria northwards through eastern New South Wales and through to central Queensland.
 Campylocentrum is a genus of rare orchids (family Orchidaceae) native to the West Indies Central America and South America.
 Uvariodendron connivens is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phalaenopsis speciosa is a species of orchid endemic to the Andaman and the Nicobar Islands.
 Selaginella uncinata (blue spikemoss peacock moss peacock spikemoss) is a species of plant in the Selaginellaceae family.
 Ceratopetalum gummiferum the New South Wales Christmas Bush is a tall shrub or small tree popular in cultivation due to its sepals that turn bright red-pink at around Christmas time. The petals are actually small and white - it is the sepals that enlarge to about 12mm after the flower sets fruit and starts to dry out.The specific name gummiferum alludes to the large amounts of gum that is discharged from cut bark.
 Piper achupallasense is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Calochortus leichtlinii is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common names Leichtlin's mariposa and smokey mariposa. The plant is native to the Sierra Nevada and Modoc Plateau of California and adjacent parts of the Great Basin in Oregon and Nevada. It grows in coniferous forest and chaparral habitats.
 Blakiella is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family Asteraceae containing the single species Blakiella bartsiifolia. It is native to southeastern South America where it occurs in the northern Andes.This species is a perennial herb producing several unbranched stems up to 30 centimeters tall from a woody base. The leaves are coated in glandular trichomes that hold drops of sticky exudate which is likely protective against solar radiation.
 Lupinus spectabilis is a species of lupine known by the common name shaggyhair lupine. It is endemic to a section of the central Sierra Nevada foothills in Mariposa and Tuolumne Counties where it is a member of the serpentine soils flora.
 Lockhartia imbricata is a species of orchid found from Trinidad to tropical South America It is an epiphytic species growing in humid forests.
 Iris confusa also known as the Bamboo iris (Chinese: 扁竹兰; pinyin: Biǎn zhú lán) is a species of iris found in Western China.The flowers of the species may range from white to a soft lavender in color with orange-yellow crests and purple dots. The plant's broad shiny leaves are attached to bamboo-like stems.
 Dicella is a genus in the Malpighiaceae a family of about 75 genera of flowering plants in the order Malpighiales. Dicella includes seven species assigned to two sections. Section Dicella comprises D. bracteosa and D. nucifera found in southeastern Brazil and adjacent Paraguay and Argentina. Section Macropterys includes D. aciculifera known only from Costa Rica and D. conwayi D. julianii D. macroptera and D. oliveirae all of South America from Colombia south to about 19°S
 Eugenia pearsoniana is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Leptaspis is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Aechmea pseudonudicaulis is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Senna trolliiflora is a flowering plant species in the legume family (Fabaceae).It is a near-threatened species found only in Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Imeria is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Stalkya is a monotypic genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae. The sole species is Stalkya muscicola.
 Calpocalyx brevifolius is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Gabon.
 Lunania polydactyla is a species of plant in the Salicaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cyathea archboldii is a species of tree fern native to New Guinea and Bougainville where it is common in submontane rain forest at an altitude of 1000-3000 m. The trunk is erect and up to about 3 m tall. Fronds are bipinnate and 2-3 m long. The rachis may be purplish and has short spines and scales. The scales range in colour from pale to brown to bicoloured (brown with dark brown) and have fragile edges.
 Banksia cynaroides is a shrub endemic to Western Australia. An assessment of the potential impact of climate change on this species found that it was likely to be driven to extinction by loss of habitat by 2080 even under mild climate change scenarios.
 Bulbophyllum electrinum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Dasypyrum villosum is a species of annual grass in the Poaceae family found in Europe Africa and temperate Asia. Culms are decumbent with heights ranging from 25–70 cm. Racemes are single oblong bilateral and 4–10 cm long; spikelets are oblong laterally compressed and 7–20 mm long. It is native to Europe North Africa the Caucasus and Western Asia.
 Carex plantaginea is a perennial herb of the sedge family with the common name seersucker sedge or plaintainleaf sedge which grows up to 0.9 metres (2 ft 11 in) tall. It grows in meadows and woods from Maine to Georgia.
 Pseudogynoxys sodiroi is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pouteria pallens is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Lepidosperma elatius is a species of plant from sedge family that can be found in Australia and Tasmania. The plant grows up 1–2.5 metres (3 ft 3 in–8 ft 2 in) with convex on both sides that have sharp margins of 5–15 millimetres (0.20–0.59 in) in width. The spikelets have a drooping spray that is 18–65 centimetres (7.1–25.6 in). The plant is blooming from November to April.
 Pedalium is a genus of plant in the Pedaliacae family comprising one species Pedalium murex. It is distributed in India Sri Lanka and Tropical Africa.
 Bulbophyllum rariflorum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Arrojadoa is a genus of cacti comprising 6 species and several varieties. It is named after the Brazilian Miguel Arrojado Lisboa. The genus occurs only in northern Brazil and is found at rocky places under shrubs which support their frail stalk. They are subtropical plants with very little frost tolerance.The species often have frail stalks that can be upright or procumbent reaching 2 m high and about 2 to 5 cm thick.
 Papaver bracteatum also known as the Iranian poppy and Persian Poppy is a sturdy hardy perennial poppy with large deep red flowers up to 8 inches (20 cm) diameter on stiff stalks up to 4 feet (1.22 metres) high with a prominent black spot near the base of the petals. It is related to the commonly cultivated oriental poppy Papaver orientale.Non-horticultural use of this species is for the production of thebaine which is commercially converted to codeine and semi-synthetic opiates.
 Metrosideros collina (vunga) is a species of flowering plant in the family Myrtaceae. It is native to the Marquesas Islands Society Islands Fiji and Vanuatu. In the Samoa Islands the plant is indigenous to the islands of Savai'i Upolu and Tutuila.
 Lonicera utahensis is a species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family known by the common names Utah honeysuckle red twinberry and fly honeysuckle. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to Alberta and south through the Rocky Mountains to Arizona and New Mexico.This honeysuckle is a deciduous shrub growing 1 to 2 meters tall. It has slender spreading branches and it may take a clumpy form.
 Sapota redirects here. This can also specifically refer to the Sapodilla (M. zapodilla).Manilkara is a genus of trees in the family Sapotaceae. Collectively known as manilkara trees they occur throughout the tropics. A close relative is the genus Pouteria.Trees of this genus yield edible fruit useful wood and latex. The best-known species are M. bidentata (balatá) M. chicle (chicle) and M. zapota (sapodilla). M.
 Fagus crenata known as the Japanese beech Siebold's beech or buna is a deciduous tree of the beech family Fagaceae. It is native to Japan where it is widespread and often one of the dominant trees of Japan's deciduous forests. It is found from the Oshima Peninsula in Hokkaidō south to the Ōsumi Peninsula in Kyūshū.
 Micromeria pineolens (Tomillo del pinar tomillón) is an endangered species of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae native to Gran Canaria in the Canary Islands. It is a woody sub-shrub 30-70 cm in height with hairy yellowish-green leaves about 1.5 to 2 cm in length and pink flowers.
 Parthenocissus quinquefolia known as Virginia creeper five-leaved ivy or five-finger is a species of flowering plant in the vine family Vitaceae native to eastern and central North America in southeastern Canada the eastern and central United States eastern Mexico and Guatemala west as far as Manitoba South Dakota Utah and Texas.
 Eucryphia cordifolia (Ulmo) is a species of tree in the Cunoniaceae family. It is found in Chile and Argentina. It is threatened by logging and habitat loss. The natural habitat is along the Andes Range from 38 to 43°S and up to 700 meters (2300 ft) above sea level. It is a very elegant tree with a thick trunk and wide crown and can become over 12 m (40 ft) high. It blooms in February and March depending on latitude and altitude. The fruit is a capsule about 1.5 cm (0.6 in) length.
 Ceratostigma (/ˌsɛrətɵˈstɪɡmə/; from the Greek Κερατόστιγμα) or leadwort plumbago is a genus of eight species of flowering plants in the family Plumbaginaceae native to warm temperate to tropical regions of Africa and Asia. Common names are shared with the genus Plumbago.They are flowering herbaceous plants subshrubs or small shrubs growing to 0.3–1 m (0.98–3.28 ft) tall. The leaves are spirally arranged simple 1–9 cm long usually with a hairy margin.
 Daviesia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Fabaceae that are native to Australia. The genus is named in honour of Hugh Davies a Welsh botanist.Species include:
 Liparis nervosa is a species of orchid found in the Tropics of Asia Africa and America. It is a terrestrial species growing in woodlands and grasslands.
 Scaevola albida known by the common name of White Fan-flower is a prostrate shrub native to Southern Australia. Unlike most other species of Scaevola which grow into a bush Scaevola albida is a ground cover forming a mat on the ground around 30-40 centimetres across. Its leaves are bright green semi-succulent and slightly hairy.
 Vriesea noblickii is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Poa macrantha is a species of grass known by the common names seashore bluegrass and large-flowered sand dune bluegrass. It is native to the west coast of North America from Alaska to northern California where it grows in sand dunes and other beach habitat.Poa macrantha is a perennial grass growing in loose clumps with stems up to 60 centimeters in maximum height.
 Nepenthes rigidifolia /nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˌrɪdʒɪdɨˈfoʊliə/ is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to Sumatra where it grows at elevations of 1000–1600 m above sea level.The specific epithet rigidifolia is formed from the Latin words rigidus (rigid) and folia (leaves) and refers to the plant's stiff coriaceous leaf blades. Tahul-tahul has been recorded as a local vernacular name for this species.
 'RSVP' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Neoregelia in the Bromeliad family.
 Eucalyptus fibrosa commonly known as the Red Ironbark or Broad-leaved Red Ironbark is a type of Ironbark tree found in eastern Australia mainly in Queensland and New South Wales. This plant is in family Myrtaceae.It was originally described by Victorian state botanist Ferdinand von Mueller in 1859 from a collection from the Brisbane River. Two subspecies are recognised - Eucalyptus fibrosa nubila - Blue-leaved ironbark.
 Frühroter Veltliner is a variety of early-ripening red-skinned white wine grape grown primarily in the Weinviertel district of Lower Austria. It accounts for 1.3% of total Austrian vineyards and is diminishing.Frühroter Veltliner is not at all related to Grüner Veltliner but is a spontaneous cross between Roter Veltliner and Silvaner. It is not particularly demanding of its location and is resistant to both winter and late frosts.
 Leefructus is an extinct eudicot plant which existed in Yixian Formation China during the early Cretaceous period. It was first named by Ge Sun David L. Dilcher Hongshan Wang and Zhiduan Chen in 2011 and the type species is Leefructus mirus.
 Psathyrotes annua is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name annual psathyrotes. It is native to the southwestern United States and as far north as Idaho. It grows in desert and scrub habitat often in areas with alkali soils among plants such as shadscale. It is a low flat or mounding plant with spreading hairy scaly stems. It is pale green to reddish purple in color with gray-green leaves its color dull from the coating of fibers on its surface.
 Sorbaria sorbifolia is commonly known as False Spiraea also spelled False Spirea. It is a deciduous perennial plant in the Rosaceae family. It is also known by its older names of Spiraea sorbifolia L. and Schizonotus sorbifolius (L.) Lindl. Other common names are False Goat's Beard Appleberry Sorb-leaved Schizonotus and Ural False Spirea. Chinese: 珍珠梅; pinyin: zhen zhu mei; literally pearl plum.
 Clitoria brachystegia is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Ivesia rhypara is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name grimy mousetail or grimy ivesia. It is native to Oregon and Nevada in the United States.This perennial herb grows from woody roots and a brancing caudex. It has hairy overlapping compound basal leaves and stems up to 15 centimeters long. At the ends of the stems are clustered white or pale yellow flowers. Blooming occurs in May through October.There are two varieties of this plant. The var.
 Acourtia microcephala is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name sacapellote. It is native to California and Baja California where it grows in woodland and chaparral especially in the coastal mountain ranges. This is a bushy perennial herb producing several erect stems from a woody caudex up to about 1.5 meters in maximum height. The stems branch toward the ends and are densely foliated in toothed wavy-edged glandular leaves 2 to 15 centimeters long.
 Bomarea angustifolia is a species of flowering plant in the family Alstroemeriaceae. It is endemic to Ecuador where it is known from a single collection made during the first half of the 19th century. It is not clear exactly where the specimen was collected but it may have been near Loja.
 Solanum fallax is a species of plant in the Solanaceae family. It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.
 Petalonyx thurberi is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common names Thurber's sandpaper plant and common sandpaper plant. It is native to the deserts of the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico where it grows in sandy and scrubby habitat. It is a rounded or spreading clumpy subshrub made up of many rough-haired stems approaching one meter in maximum height.
 Chionanthus evenius grows as a tree up to 50 metres (160 ft) tall with a trunk diameter of up to 30 centimetres (12 in). The bark is grey. The flowers are pinkish white. Habitat is generally lowland swamp forest but sometimes found on higher ground up to 1400 metres (4600 ft) altitude. C. evenius is found in Malaysia (Sabah) and Brunei.
 Gastrolobium praemorsum is a scrambling shrub which is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is a member of the family Fabaceae and produces red pea-flowers from late winter to early summer (August to December in Australia). It is not known whether this species shares the toxic properties of many other members of the genus Gastrolobium.
 Stebbinsoseris heterocarpa (syn. Microseris heterocarpa) is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name grassland silverpuffs. This is a hybrid between Microseris douglasii and Uropappus lindleyi which is thought to have evolved independently at least three times.
 Dendrobium aqueum is a species of orchid.Dendrobium Aqueum is found in theupper reaches of Palakkad district KeralaI
 Scalesia cordata is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Vriesea altomacaensis is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Stemonoporus lancifolius is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Carapa is a genus of flowering plants in the mahogany family Meliaceae. These are trees up to 30 meters tall occurring in tropical South America Central America and Africa. Common names include andiroba and crabwood.
 'Pink Rocket' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Aechmea in the Bromeliad family.
 Bouea macrophylla (Bouea macrophylla Griff) is a tropical fruit tree native to Southeast Asia. The tree belongs to the family Anacardiaceae and is related to the mango.
 Ferocactus is a genus of large barrel-shaped cacti mostly with large spines and small flowers. There are about 30 species included in the genus. They are found in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico.
 Flaveria trinervia is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name clustered yellowtops. It is native to parts of the Americas including the southeastern and southwestern United States most of Mexico and parts of the Caribbean but it is known in many other places as an introduced species and often a noxious weed such as in Hawaii. It grows easily in many types of wet habitat including saline and alkaline soils and highly disturbed habitat.
 Guzmania desautelsii is a species of the genus Guzmania. This species is native to Costa Rica.
 Pseudotrillium is a proposed monotypic genus of flowering plants containing the single species Pseudotrillium rivale which is known by the common name brook wakerobin. The genus was proposed in 2002 on the basis of morphology and molecular evidence that suggest the plant should no longer be included in genus Trillium.This species is endemic to the Siskiyou Mountains of southern Oregon and northern California usually on soils of ultramafic origin such as serpentine.
 Ixiolaena is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Anastatica is a monotypic genus with the type species Anastatica hierochuntica. The genus is a member of the family Brassicaceae (formerly Cruciferae) in the division Magnoliophyta of the class Magnoliopsida. The plant is a small gray annual herb that rarely grows above 15 centimetres (6 in) high and bears minute white flowers.
 Prosopis juliflora (Spanish: bayahonda blanca) is a shrub or small tree in the Fabaceae family a kind of mesquite. It is native to Mexico South America and the Caribbean. It has become established as an invasive weed in Africa Asia Australia and elsewhere.
 Paloue is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the sub family Caesalpinioideae.
 Syzygium rotundifolium is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Trithecanthera is a genus of showy mistletoes in the family Loranthaceae. It contains approximately 5 species in the Malesian region of South East Asia. The genus includes the species described within the genus Kingella as Kingella scortechinii.
 Goniothalamus chinensis is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is found in China and Vietnam.
 Acacia implexa commonly known as Lightwood is a fast-growing Australian tree the timber of which is used for furniture making. It is widespread in eastern Australia from central coastal Queensland to southern Victoria with outlying populations on the Atherton Tableland in northern Queensland and Tasmania's King Island. It grows to 5–15 m high and 4–7 m wide. It has sickle-shaped phyllodes up to 20 cm long and perfumed cream-coloured flowers.
 Physalis acutifolia is a species of flowering plant in the nightshade family known by the common names sharpleaf groundcherry and Wright groundcherry. It is native to the southwestern United States from California to Texas and northern Mexico where it can be found in many types of habitat including disturbed areas. It is sometimes a weed when it springs up in agricultural fields but it is generally not weedy in wild habitat.
 Anisocarpus madioides (syn. Madia madioides) is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name woodland madia.
 Houttuynia cordata (simplified Chinese: 鱼腥草; traditional Chinese: 魚腥草; pinyin: yúxīng cǎo; literally fishy-smell herb; Japanese: dokudami 蕺草 literally poison blocking plant; Vietnamese: giấp cá; pak kao tong (ຜັກຄາວທອງ) in Lao; Korean: 약모밀. In Manipur it is known as toningkok. In English it is known as lizard tail chameleon plant heartleaf fishwort and bishop's weed. It is one of two species in the genus Houttuynia (the other being H.
 Diospyros discocalyx is a large tree in the Ebenaceae family. It grows up to 50 metres (160 ft) tall with a trunk diameter up to 1 metre (3 ft). The bark is black. Inflorescences bear three or more flowers. The fruits are round up to 7.5 cm (3 in) in diameter. The specific epithet discocalyx is from the Latin meaning disc-shaped calyx. Habitat is lowland mixed dipterocarp forests but sometimes found up to 1600 metres (5200 ft) altitude. D. discocalyx is endemic to Borneo.
 Psammochloa is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Polyalthia fragrans is a plant in the Annonaceae family. Its leaves have a fragrant smell.It is called Gowrimara in Kannada. It is found in forests of the Western Ghats of India.
 Sarcocornia quinqueflora commonly known as Beaded Samphire Bead weed Beaded Glasswort or Glasswort is a species of succulent halophytic coastal shrub. It occurs in wetter coastal areas of Australia and New Zealand.
 Garrya fremontii is a species of flowering shrub known by several common names including California fever bush bearbrush and Frémont's silktassel. Both the latter name and the plant's specific epithet are derived from John C. FrémontG. fremontii is native to the west coast of the United States from Washington to California. It can be found in a number of habitats from mountain forest to woodlands and chaparral canyons and slopes.
 Trifolium hybridum alsike clover is a plant species of the genus Trifolium in the pea family Fabaceae. The stalked pale pink or whitish flower head grows from the leaf axils and the trifoliate leaves are unmarked. The plant is 1–2 feet (30–60 cm) tall and is found in fields and on roadsides – it is also grown as fodder (hay or silage). The plant blooms from spring to autumn (April to October in the northern hemisphere).
 Alseodaphne paludosa is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Tillandsia elizabethiae is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Clinopodium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae. It is in the tribe Mentheae of the subfamily Nepetoideae but little else can be said with certainty about its phylogenetic position.The genus name Clinopodium is derived from the Latin clinopodion or the Greek klinopodion. These were names for Clinopodium vulgare. The Greek klino means a bed and the Greek podion means a little foot.
 Kyllinga melanosperma is a species of sedge covered with dark brown scales that culm together to form rhizomes that are about 30–100 centimetres (12–39 in) long. The rhizomes are 2.5–4.0 millimetres (0.10–0.16 in) thick with a purple-brown sheath at the bottom. Kyllinga melanosperma is found in tropical Africa southern and southeastern Asia. Kyllinga melanosperma propagates by seed.
 Rubus whartoniae Wharton's dewberry is a species of flowering plant from family Rosaceae which can be found in such states as Kentucky and Tennessee. The species was named after botanist Mary E. Wharton who discovered it in 1942.
 Philotheca pungens commonly known as Prickly Waxflower is a shrub in the family Rutaceae. The species is endemic to south-eastern Australia. It is usually up to 60 cm high and produces white flowers from September to November in its native range.The species was discovered by explorer Thomas Livingstone Mitchell in 1836 when he ascended Mount Hope in Victoria.
 Gesneria calycina is a species of plant in the Gesneriaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica.
 Sclerolobium densiflorum is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in the Alagoas Bahia and Pernambuco states of Brazil. S. densiflorum has recently suffered from severe habitat declines and is ranked near threatened by the IUCN.
 Argusia is a genus of plant in family Boraginaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Argusia argentea (L.f.) Heine Argusia gnaphalodes
 Hippomaninae are plants of the family Euphorbiaceae.
 Bistorta officinalis commonly known as bistort or European bistort is a species of flowering plants in the dock family Polygonaceae previously included in the genera Polygonum or Persicaria. Other common names include snakeroot snake-root snakeweed and Easter-ledges.
 The Mandrinette (Hibiscus fragilis) is an extremely rare endemic shrub only known from steep slopes of the mountains Corps de Garde and Le Morne Brabant on Mauritius and from two further plants on Rodrigues. The Mandrinette is an evergreen plant with flowers 7-10 cm diameter with five bright pink to carmine red petals.
 Xanthosoma weeksii is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bottletree redirects here. For other uses see Bottle tree.Brachychiton (kurrajong bottletree) is a genus of 31 species of trees and large shrubs native to Australia (the centre of diversity with 30 species) and New Guinea (one species). Fossils from New South Wales and New Zealand are estimated to be 50 million years old corresponding to the Paleogene.They grow to 4 – 30m tall and some are dry-season deciduous.
 Vigna lanceolata known as the pencil yam[citation needed] native bean Maloga bean parsnip bean Ngarlajiyi small yam yam bush carrot Wapurtali Wapirti and Wajaraki is an Australian native plant. Its name in the Arrernte language of Central Australia is Merne arlatyeye.[citation needed]Bush carrot is an important bush tucker food for Aborigines and there are many Dreaming rituals around it. It is still commonly eaten in the desert today.
 Nepenthes × truncalata (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˌtrʌŋkjəˈlɑːtə/; a blend of truncata and alata) is a natural hybrid involving N. alata and N. truncata. Like its two parent species it is endemic to the Philippines but limited in distribution by the natural range of N. truncata on Mindanao.
 Mendoncia mollis is a plant species in the family Acanthaceae (or according to some specialists in the family Mendonciaceae). It is a climber with opposite entire ovate leaves somewhat hairy abaxially which renders the species its epithet. It can be found in nearly every habitat including dense or open forests in scrublands on wet fields and valleys at the sea coast and in marine areas and in swamps and as an element of mangrove woods.The fruit is a drupe resembling a dark grape.
 Eriastrum is a genus of flowering plants in the phlox family which are known commonly as woollystars. These wildflowers are somewhat diverse in appearance but are usually erect thin-stemmed herbs which bear purple to white blooms. Most species have inflorescences which are webbed with a woolly mesh of white fibers.
 Odontonema is a genus of flowering plants in the bear's breeches family Acanthaceae. it is native to central America.
 Taraxia ovata is a species of wildflower native to California and Oregon known by the common name goldeneggs or sun cup.
 Orobanche rapum-genistae the greater broomrape is a plant species in the genus Orobanche.O. rapum-genistae contains verbascoside and orobanchoside
 Critonia is a genus of flowering plant in the subtribe Eupatorieae of the Asteraceae family. The most notable trait that characterizes the genus is the presence of pellucid punctations caused by internal secretory pockets of the leaves - to be seen these must be viewed with a hand lens while holding the leaf up to light in most species of the genus.
 Verbena Template:IPAc-la (vervain) is a genus in the family Verbenaceae. It contains about 250 species of annual and perennial herbaceous or semi-woody flowering plants. The majority of the species are native to the Americas and Europe.
 Arachis monticola is a close relative of the domesticated peanut (Arachis hypogaea). Besides the peanut it is the only other tetraploid species in the genus Arachis. It is thought to be the immediate wild ancestor of peanut although it may be a weedy form descended from cultivated peanuts.
 Xynisteri (also spelled xynistery xinisteri; Greek: ξυνιστέρι) is an indigenous white grape grown on Cyprus. 13% of Cyprus vineyards or 500 hectares (1250 acres) on the south slopes of the Troodos mountain range are planted with this grape variety. It is used in the production of several local (mainly white) wines. It is blended with Mavro grapes for the production of Commandaria a Cypriot dessert wine.
 Bulbophyllum insectiferum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Frullania is a genus of liverwort in family Jubulaceae. It contains the following species:AFrullania aculeata Taylor 1846Frullania acutata Caspary 1887Frullania acutiloba Gerola 1947Frullania akiyamae Hattori 1986Frullania albertii Stephani 1916Frullania allanii Hodgson 1949Frullania allionii Stephani 1910Frullania alpina Stephani 1911Frullania alstonii Verdoorn 1930Frullania alstonii var. pfleidereri Hattori 1972Frullania alternans Nees In G. L.
 Ophrys apifera known in Europe as the bee orchid is a perennial herbaceous plant belonging to the family Orchidaceae.
 Echinops echinatus Indian globe thistle is a species of globe thistle found in India Pakistan and Sri Lanka.Indian Globe Thistle is an erect branched herb about a meter high. It has short stout stems branching from the base covered with white cottony hair. Alternately arranged oblong deeply pinnatifid leaves are 7–12 cm long. Flower-heads occur in solitary white spherical balls 3–5 cm across. Petals of the tiny white flowers are 5 mm long.
 In taxonomy Geppella is a genus of algae specifically of the Codiaceae.
 Muhlenbergia orophila common name gold-loving muhly is a grass species native to Guatemala and to Mexico as far north as the Distrito Federal. Type specimen was collected from an alpine meadow at an elevation of approximately 3750 m (12500 feet) near the Summit of Sierra de las Cuchumantanes a remote mountainous area in el Departamento de Huehuetenango in the western part of Guatemala.Muhlenbergia orophila is a perennial herb growing in clumps. Stems can reach up to 25 cm (10 inches) tall.
 Inga blanchetiana is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Brazil.
 Cyanea hardyi known in Hawaiian as hāhā is species of flowering plant in the bellflower family Campanulaceae. This Hawaiian lobelioid is endemic to southern Kauaʻi. It inhabits forested valleys up to an elevation of 790 m (2590 ft).
 Spiraea latifolia commonly known as Broadleaf Meadowsweet  is a shrub in the Rosaceae family.
 Passiflora gibertii is a fast-growing ornamental vine with edible fruits. The flowers are also ornamental. The fast growing vine can grow up to 27 feet long. It has three lobed (occasionally 5 lobed) leaves which can grow to a few inches long. Vines may trail across arbors or climb trees or fences. The plant is easily container-grown and will flower readily. Flowering generally occurs in warm months.
 Inga ismaelis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Mexico.
 Baphia is a small genus of legumes that bear simple leaves. Baphia is Greek for dye referring to a red dye that is extracted from the heartwood of tropical species.
 Pseudobombax ellipticum is a species of plant in the Malvaceae family subfamily Bombacoideae. Common names include Shaving Brush Tree. P. ellipticum is native to southern Mexico El Salvador Guatemala and Honduras.Pseudobombax elipticum is a tree that can reach 18 m (60 ft) in height and 1.3 m (4 ft) d.b.h. Its branches are close to the base of the stem. It is a deciduous tree with succulent stems. Uses include firewood and wood for carving handicrafts.
 Knema viridis is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Calopogon tuberosus the tuberous grasspink is an orchid native to eastern North America. In the United States it occurs from as far southwest as Texas and Oklahoma and southeast to the Florida Everglades to as far northeast as Maine and as far northwest as Minnesota. In Canada it is found in the provinces of Nova Scotia Ontario and Quebec. It also is found in Cuba and the Bahamas.
 Hoheria populnea commonly known as lacebark or houhere is a species of flowering plant in the family Malvaceae endemic to New Zealand. H. populnea is found from the coast to lowland forests and has a natural distribution from the North Cape of the North Island south to the central North Island. It can grow into a tree 12 metres tall and has broad oval leaves with serrated margins.
 Tsuga mertensiana known as mountain hemlock is a species of hemlock native to the west coast of North America with its northwestern limit on the Kenai Peninsula Alaska and its southeastern limit in northern Tulare County California.
 Gahnia howeana is a flowering plant in the sedge family. The specific epithet refers to Lord Howe Island where it is found. It was formerly lumped with Gahnia xanthocarpa which is now considered to be endemic to New Zealand.
 Salvia macrostachya is a rare herb native to Ecuador and southern Colombia with no specific information about its native habitat. A woody clump-forming plant it grows up to 4 metres (13 ft) high on thick stems with broadly ovate leaves that are approximately 8 to 12 cm (3.1 to 4.7 in) long and wide. The inflorescence is of very dense terminal racemes that are 10 to 30 cm (3.9 to 11.8 in) long. The blue corolla is approximately 2.5 cm (0.98 in) in long.
 Phoenix paludosa (paludosa Latin swampy) also called Mangrove Date Palm is a species of flowering plant in the palm family indigenous to coastal regions of India Bangladesh Myanmar Thailand Cambodia Sumatra Vietnam and peninsular Malaysia. The trees grow in clusters to 5 m high usually forming dense thickets. The leaves are 2 to 3 m long and recurved.
 Allium triquetrum is a bulbous flowering plant in the genus Allium (onions and garlic) native to the Mediterranean basin. It is known in English as three-cornered leek.
 Tillandsia tricolor is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Costa Rica and Mexico.
 The true pearl onion (A. ampeloprasum var. sectivum or A. ampeloprasum 'Pearl-Onion Group') is a close relative of the leek (A. ampeloprasum var. porrum) and may be distinguished from common onions by having only a single storage leaf similar to cloves of garlic. They are cultivated mostly in Germany the Netherlands and Italy; usually in home gardens although formerly on a commercial scale.
 Pitcairnia arcuata is a species of the genus Pitcairnia. This species is native to Costa Rica and Ecuador.
 Dodonaea is a genus of about 70 species of flowering plants in the soapberry family Sapindaceae with a cosmopolitan distribution in tropical subtropical and warm temperate regions of Africa the Americas southern Asia and Australasia. By far the highest species diversity is in Australia. The genus is named after Rembert Dodoens also known as Rembertus Dodonaeus.They are shrubs and small trees growing to 1–5 metres (3.3–16.4 ft) tall. The leaves are alternate simple or pinnate.
 Selliguea feei is a plant species belonging to the Selliguea genus. This fern can be collected in Indonesia. The species name feei commemorates the botanist Antoine Laurent Apollinaire Fée.
 Lupinus benthamii is a species of lupine known by the common name spider lupine. It is endemic to central California where it is known from the Central Coast Ranges across the Central Valley into the Sierra Nevada foothills. It is common in some areas covering hillsides with its blue blooms in the spring. This is a hairy annual herb growing 20–70 centimetres (7.9–27.6 in) tall. Each palmate leaf is made up of 7 to 10 leaflets each up to 5 centimetres (2.0 in) long.
 Ayensua is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae.
 Melaleuca squamophloia is an Australian shrub.
 Trichospira is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Tillandsia kirchhoffiana is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Pothoidium is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. The single species that comprises the genus is Pothoidium lobbianum. This species is endemic to the Moluccas Sulawesi the Philippines and Taiwan.
 Antennaria howellii (Everlasting or Howell's Pussytoes) is a species in the genus Antennaria native to northern North America from Alaska east to Newfoundland and south to northern California Colorado and North Carolina. It is an evergreen perennial plant. The form is usually basal rosettes largely clonally propagated. The basal rosette leaves are 2–4 cm long and 6–12 mm broad light green and spatulate with a thin arm and a broad tip with a point. They have wooly white undersides.
 Rhipsalis salicornioides (also called Hatiora salicornioides Dancing Bones Cactus Drunkard's Dream Spice Cactus) is originally a forest cactus growing as epiphytes at elevations between 0 and 1850 meters in Brazil. It is sometimes grown both indoors and outdoors as an ornamental.The plant is made of many-branched stems that are up to 60 cm in length. A stem consists of smaller segments with a length of up to 3 cm. The segment has a shape that resemble a bottle.
 Madhuca obtusifolia is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Blepharispermum hirtum is a species of tree in the aster family Asteraceae. It is native to Oman and Yemen. It grows in escarpment woodland habitat where it is sometimes a dominant species. In some parts of its range it is vulnerable to overexploitation for its wood.
 Garcibarrigoa is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Pulicaria diversifolia is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Yemen.Its natural habitat is rocky areas.
 Thulinia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae. The sole species is Thulinia albolutea.
 Gunnera tinctoria the Chilean rhubarb is a plant species native to southern Chile and neighbour zones in Argentina. It is a large-leaved perennial plant that grows up to two metres tall. It has been introduced to many parts of the world as an ornamental and edible plant. In some countries (for instance New Zealand and Ireland) it has spread from gardens and is becoming a weed problem.It is known under the synonyms: Gunnera chilensis Lam. Gunnera scabra Ruiz & Pav.
 Eucalyptus mannifera commonly known as the Brittle Gum or Broad leaved Manna Gum is a species of eucalypt native to eastern Australia.
 Acacia dealbata (known as silver wattle blue wattle or mimosa) is a species of Acacia native to southeastern Australia in New South Wales Victoria Tasmania and the Australian Capital Territory and widely introduced in Mediterranean warm temperate and highland tropical landscapes.
 Gynura is an Asian genus of the botanical family Asteraceae. [1] subfamily Asteroideae tribe Senecioneae.The most known species is Gynura aurantiaca so called because of the color of its orange inflorescences. This plant is also commonly known as Purple Passion because of the velvety purple leaves.
 Iris bucharica (Bokhara iris) is a bulbous flowering perennial plant in the 'Juno' section of the genus Iris. It is native to North East Afghanistan and Central Asia but is widely cultivated in temperate regions. It grows to 25 cm with lanceolate leaves each bulb producing several flowers in spring. The flowers are white with yellow falls. Pure yellow forms are occasionally wrongly labelled as I.
 Osbeckia stellata (Thai: จุกนารี) is a flowering plant in the family Melastomataceae. It is native to mountainous areas of China Bhutan Burma Cambodia Laos Northeast India Nepal Thailand and Vietnam. It is usually found on grassy mountain slopes at high altitudes.
 Mentha (also known as mint from Greek míntha Linear B mi-ta) is a genus of plants in the family Lamiaceae (mint family). The species are not clearly distinct and estimates of the number of species varies from 13 to 18. Hybridization between some of the species occurs naturally.
 Bulbophyllum ellipticum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Acer platanoides 'Pendulum' or Weeping Norway Maple is a weeping tree and a cultivar of Acer platanoides the Norway Maple. It was first found by Niemetz at Timişoara Romania in 1901. No trees are known to survive of this cultivar.
 Mazus is a genus of low-growing perennial plants in the lopseed family Phrymaceae. Consisting of around 30 species this genus is generally found in damp habitats in lowland or mountain regions of China Japan Southeast Asia Australia and New Zealand.Selected speciesMazus gracilisMazus pumilio (syn. M. novae-zelandiae)Mazus radicansMazus reptansMazus rugosus
 Arctostaphylos gabrielensis known by the common name San Gabriel manzanita is a species of manzanita. It is endemic to one small area in the San Gabriel Mountains of Los Angeles County California. It is a member of the California montane chaparral and woodlands plant community.
 Acacia terminalis (Sunshine Wattle) is a shrub or small tree to 6 m in height. It's an Australian native whose range extends through New South Wales Victoria and Tasmania.Four subspecies have been recognised although there are additional hybrids especially around Sydney: A. terminalis subsp. angustifolia A. terminalis subsp. aurea A. terminalis subsp. longiaxialis A. terminalis subsp. terminalis: listed as an Endangered Species.
 Shorea falcata is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Vietnam.
 Braemia vittata is a species of orchid and the only species of genus Braemia. It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru Suriname Guyana and French Guyana.
 Symphytum asperum is a flowering plant of the genus Symphytum in the family Boraginaceae. Common names include rough comfrey and prickly comfrey. It is native to Asia and it is known in Europe and North America as an introduced species and sometimes a weed.
 Artemisia rigida is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names scabland sagebrush and stiff sagebrush. It is native to the northwestern United States from Washington to Idaho and Oregon. It has been recorded in Montana but these sightings may have been misidentifications.This is a small spreading deciduous shrub with many woody branches up to 40 centimeters long. The stems are gray and hairy. The leaves are up to 4 centimeters long and trident-shaped.
 Lilium auratum (山百合 yamayuri; literally mountain lily) is one of the true lilies. It is native to Japan and is sometimes called the golden rayed lily of Japan or the goldband lily.
 Tropaeolum carchense is a species of plant in the Tropaeolaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Nototrichium humile is a rare species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common names kaala rockwort and kulu'i. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is now limited to the island of Oahu having been extirpated from Maui. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.The main threat to the species is fire. Most populations occur on the Makua Military Reservation in the Waianae Range of Oahu in territory at high risk for fire.
 Acacia aneura var. microcarpa is a perennial shrub or tree native to Australia.
 Acetabularia is a genus of green algae specifically of the Polyphysaceae family Typically found in subtropical waters Acetabularia is a single-celled organism but gigantic in size and complex in form making it an excellent model organism for studying cell biology.
 Diospyros buxifolia is a tree in the Ebenaceae family. It grows up to 30 metres (100 ft) tall. Inflorescences bear up to five flowers. The fruits are ellipsoid up to 1.6 cm (1 in) long. The specific epithet buxifolia is from the Latin referring to the leaves' resemblance to those of the genus Buxus. Habitat is forests from sea-level to 1000 metres (3300 ft) altitude. D. buxifolia is found widely from India to Indochina and in Malesia as far as New Guinea.
 Pithecellobium is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. The generic name is derived from the Greek words πιθηκος (pithekos) meaning ape or monkey and ελλοβιον (ellobion) meaning earring which refers to the coiled shape of the fruit pods. Plants of the genus are known generally as blackbeads.
 Macropodina is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Reevesia rotundifolia is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family.It is found only in China.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Camellia pleurocarpa is a species of plant in the Theaceae family. It is endemic to Vietnam.
 Ashtonia is a genus of flowering plant belonging to the family Phyllanthaceae. It comprises two species found in the Malay Peninsula and Borneo.
 Faberrebe or Faber is a grape variety used for white wine. It was created in 1929 by Georg Scheu at the Landesanstalt für Rebenzüchtung in Alzey and was released with varietal protection in 1967. Scheu created Faberrebe by crossing Pinot blanc and Müller-Thurgau. (Some sources erroneously state it to be a cross between Silvaner and Müller-Thurgau.)The name Faber (Latin for smith) was chosen in honor of Karl Schmitt in Landau who hosted the trial plantations.
 Bulbophyllum astelidum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Astragalus cremnophylax is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common names sentry milkvetch and cliff milkvetch. It is endemic to Arizona where the three varieties grow in three separate locations. The rarest variety var. cremnophylax is a federally listed endangered species which grows only on the rim of the Grand Canyon.
 Neyraudia reynaudiana commonly known as Burma reed silk reed cane grass or false reed is a tall perennial large-plumed grass native to subtropical Asia but invasive in southern Florida in the United States.
 Thespesia grandiflora is a tree in the Malvaceae family of the Rosids order. Its English common name is maga. This tree is widely distributed throughout Puerto Rico where it is endemic. Its Spanish common name in Puerto Rico is Maga Although originally endemic to the humid mountains of limestone in the western and north-central portions of the Island today it grows everywhere in Puerto Rico due to its extensive cultivation.
 Zygia lehmannii is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Colombia.
 Juniperus flaccida (Weeping Juniper or Mexican Juniper; Native American names include tláscal) is a large shrub or small tree reaching 5-10 m (rarely to 15 m) tall. It is native to central and northern Mexico (from Oaxaca northward) and the extreme southwest of Texas United States (Brewster County). It grows at moderate altitudes of 800-2600 m on dry soils.The bark is brown with stringy vertical fissuring.
 Buddleja crispa 'Huimoon' (selling name Moon Dance) is an American cultivar introduced to commerce early in the 21st century.
 Alpine Honeysuckle (Lonicera alpigena L) is a species of honeysuckle native to mountain forests of Central and Southern Europe. It is sometimes cultivated as an ornamental plant outside its native range. It is a deciduous shrub up to 2 m high and in late summer bears conspicuous brilliant red inedible fruits superficially resembling cherries. L. glehnii F.
 The elm hybrid cultivar 'Wanoux' (selling name Vada™) is a Dutch development arising from the crossing of the hybrid 'Plantyn' with another selfed (self-pollinated) specimen of 'Plantyn'. Originally identified as clone No. 762 it was selected for assessment by the French Institut National de la Recherche Agronomique (INRA) which patented it as 'Wanoux' (Vada) in 2006.
 Mimosa is a genus of about 400 species of herbs and shrubs in the subfamily Mimosoideae of the legume family Fabaceae. The generic name is derived from the Greek word μιμος (mimos) meaning mimic.Two species in the genus are especially notable. One is Mimosa pudica because of the way it folds its leaves when touched or exposed to heat.
 'Rubra' is an intergeneric hybrid cultivar of the nothogenus × Cryptbergia in the Bromeliad family.
 Floscaldasia is a genus of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family. It contains two species found in tropical South America: Floscaldasia azorelloides – in Ecuador Floscaldasia hypsophila – in Colombia
 Hampea breedlovei is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family.It is found only in Mexico.
 Aliciella leptomeria (formerly Gilia leptomeria) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names Sand gilia and Great Basin gilia. It is native to the Western United States where it grows in many types of habitat such as the sagebrush of the Great Basin and in the Mojave Desert. It is a small herb producing a thin branching stem up to about 23 centimeters tall. It is coated in glandular hairs.
 Myristica gillespieana is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is endemic to Fiji.
 Calystegia collina is a species of morning glory known by the common name coast range false bindweed. It is endemic to the Coast Ranges of northern and central California where it grows on slopes and in woodlands often on serpentine soils.
 Quercus sumatrana Soepadmo is an oak native to the islands of Sumatra and Borneo in Indonesia and Malaysia. On Borneo it is reported from Sarawak Sabah and East Kalimantan. This is a very large emergent tree up to 60 m (180 feet) tall growing in mixed dipterocarp forest up to 1400 m in altitude.Quercus sumatrana Soepadmo Gard. Bull. Singapore 21: 387 1966.
 Polystichum bulbiferum is a species of fern in the Dryopteridaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Serianthes calycina is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in New Caledonia.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Allocasuarina simulans is a species of ironwood native from Nabiac to Forster on the east coast of Australia.
 Allium stellatum (Autumn onion Prairie onion) is a perennial wild onion native to North America where it grows in rocky sandy soil. It grows from a bulb to about 1-2 feet (30-60 cm) with tufts of leaves which die back as the scape of pink to purple flowers forms. The bulbs are strongly flavored but can be eaten.The species name stellatum is botanical Latin for starry and refers to the umbels. This species was described for science by John Bellenden Ker in the early 19th century.
 Centropogon trichodes is a species of plant in the Campanulaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Desmodium humifusum is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names trailing tick-trefoil eastern trailing tick-trefoil and spreading tick-trefoil. It is native to the eastern United States where it has been reduced to scattered populations in the states of Massachusetts Connecticut and Indiana.
 Potamogeton lucens or shining pondweed is an aquatic species in the genus Potamogeton. It is found in slow moving fresh water found locally in the south mid and East of England almost rare in the rest of Great Britain.
 Piper azuaiense is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Pouteria amapaensis is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Billia is a genus of two species of tree native to the Americas from central Mexico to Ecuador. The wood is used in carpentry.
 Widdringtonia schwarzii (Willowmore Cypress or Willowmore Cedar Afrikaans: Baviaanskloof-seder) is a species of Widdringtonia native to South Africa where it is endemic to the Baviaanskloof and Kouga Mountains west of Port Elizabeth in Eastern Cape Province; it occurs on dry rocky slopes and crags at 600-1200 m altitude. It is threatened by habitat loss particularly by wildfire.
 Bradburia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Andropterum is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Bulbophyllum catenulatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Platyhypnidium riparioides (Long-beaked Water Feather-moss) is a species of aquatic moss commonly found in many regions. This species is among the largest aquatic mosses growing up to 15 cm long. P. riparioides grows in a procumbent or pendulous fashion along rocks and tree roots and may form extensive lax mats of many intermingled plants. It is widely distributed South of the Arctic and can grow abundantly in suitable areas.
 Wrightia is a genus of 23 species of flowering plants in the Apocynaceae (dogbane) family native to tropical Africa Asia and Australia. The species are all small trees or shrubs. The genus was named for William Wright (1735-1819) by the Scottish physician and botanist by Robert Brown.Wrightia antidysenterica has long been known in Indian Ayurvedic tradition and is called kuţaja in Sanskrit.
 Bahiopsis reticulata is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names netvein goldeneye and Death Valley goldeneye. It is native to the Mojave Desert of California and Nevada where it grows in several types of dry desert habitat. It is a tangled shrub with many slender stems covered in soft hairs and peeling bark. It easily exceeds one meter in height and width. The gray-green leaves are oppositely arranged on the lower stems and alternately on the upper.
 Guatteriopsis is a genus of plant in family Annonaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Guatteriopsis ramiflora D. R. Simpson
 Hechtia schottii is a species of the genus Hechtia. This species is native to Mexico.
 Renauldia lycopodioides is a species of plant in the Pterobryaceae family. It is endemic to Tanzania. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Penstemon thompsoniae is a species of penstemon known by the common name Thompson's beardtongue. It is native to the southwestern United States where it grows in woodlands and other desert and plateau habitat to the subalpine climate of local mountains. It is a mat-forming perennial herb ashy gray-green with a thick coating of hairs growing no more than 15 centimeters tall from a woody base. The oval or spoon-shaped leaves are up to 2 centimeters long.
 Cymopterus aboriginum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Indian springparsley. This small flat taprooted perennial is native to the US states of California and Nevada where it grows in the rocky soils of the desert mountains in the Mojave region. It has no stem instead forming a patch of basal leaves flat on the ground. The leaves are gray-green and highly divided into tiny segments giving the foliage a wrinkly lacy look.
 Micromyrtus minutiflora is a spreading shrub in the myrtle family only found on alluvial soils in open forest in the western districts of Sydney. It may grow to 1.5 metres tall featuring tiny leaves. Flowering occurs in the warmer months. A rare plant listed in New South Wales as endangered by extinction. Threats to its existence include urban expansion habitat loss weed invasion human recreation and the dumping of rubbish.
 Glycine latrobeana (Clover Glycine or Australian Anchor Plant) is a species of perennial herb endemic to south-eastern Australia. Its leaves are similar in appearance to the common pasture clover. It is native to Tasmania Victoria New South Wales and South Australia.
 Calycoseris is a small genus of two species of annual desert wildflowers in the daisy family native to western North America in the southwestern United States and Northwestern Mexico. They are characterized by the tack-shaped gland hairs on their upper stems and bracts the trait which gives them the common name tackstem. The two species of tackstem are the yellow tackstem Calycoseris parryi and the white tackstem Calycoseris wrightii.
 Allium materculae or Allium akaka is a species of onion native to Turkey Iran and Russia.
 Knautia arvensis commonly known as Field Scabious is a species in the genus Knautia.It is a perennial plant that grows between 25 and 100 cm. It prefers grassy places and dry soils avoiding heavy soils and flowers between July and September. The flowered head is flatter than similar species Devils bit scabious and Small Scabious. There are 4 stamens in each flower and 1 notched long stigma.The fruit is nut like cylindrical and hairy 5–6 mm in size.It has a tap root.
 Passiflora murucuja is a species in the Passifloraceae family. It is a fragrant Passion flower.
 Hicksbeachia pilosa is a small tree in the family Proteaceae. This rare species grows naturally only (endemic) in the rainforests of the wet tropics region of north eastern Queensland Australia. It was first described in 1988 by Australian botanist Peter H. Weston after a collection by Garry Sankowsky and Peter Hind in 1986 at Bobbin Bobbin Falls in North Queensland.
 Lithophragma bolanderi is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name Bolander's woodland star. It is endemic to California where it is known from several mountain ranges including the North Coast Ranges the foothills of the Sierra Nevada and the San Gabriel Mountains. It grows in many types of open habitat. It is a rhizomatous perennial herb growing erect or leaning with a tall naked flowering stem.
 Shonan Gold (湘南ゴールド) is a hybrid Japanese citrus with a characteristic golden bright yellow color. Though not completely seedless the seeds are few in number. The yellowness is inherited from its mother plant (seed parent) a small-sized variety known as Ōgonkan or 'Golden Orange' which has been crossed with the 'Imamura Unsiu' variety of Satsuma orange for size and other desired traits. The cultivar was developed by an agricultural experiment station run by the Kanagawa Prefecture.
 Anodendron rhinosporum is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Bulbophyllum cavibulbum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Blechnum arcuatum known locally as Quil-Quil is a fern native with a natural range in Chile ranging from Ñuble River (~36° S) in the north to Aysén Region (~47° S) including adjacent areas of Argentina. It is found from sea level up to 1300 masl and is associated with water courses or humid road cuts.
 Navia xyridiflora is a species of the genus Navia. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Crassula marnierana common name Jade Necklace or Chinese Pagoda is a species of succulent in the genus Crassula belonging to the family Crassulaceae.
 Clerodendrum glabrum is a small to medium deciduous tree widespread from Tropical to Southern Africa. In common with others of this family its bark is covered in prominent white lenticels. Leaves are usually in whorls of 3 and produce a fetid smell when crushed. The fragrant flowers are usually mauve with strongly exserted stamens and style a common characteristic of the genus and are borne in dense terminal clusters.
 Utricularia dunstaniae is an annual terrestrial carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia (family Lentibulariaceae). Its distribution ranges from northern Western Australia to the Northern Territory.
 Miconia pilaloensis is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Catopsis berteroniana /kəˈtɒpsɪs ˌbɜrtəˌroʊniˈɑːnə/ is an epiphytic bromeliad thought to be a possible carnivorous plant similar to Brocchinia reducta although the evidence is equivocal. Its native range is from southern Florida to southern Brazil. It generally grows on the unshaded twigs of trees and appears to trap more insects in its tank than other bromeliads of comparable size.[citation needed] There are several other species in the genus none of which is believed to be carnivorous.
 Luzula is a genus of flowering plants the family Juncaceae the rushes. The genus has a cosmopolitan distribution with species occurring throughout the world especially in temperate regions the Arctic and higher elevation areas in the tropics. Plants of the genus are known commonly as wood-rush wood rush or woodrush.
 Illicium verum commonly called star anise star aniseed or Chinese star anise is a spice that closely resembles anise in flavor obtained from the star-shaped pericarp of Illicium verum a medium-sized native evergreen tree of northeast Vietnam and southwest China. The star shaped fruits are harvested just before ripening.
 Sauteria spongiosa is a species of liverwort in the Cleveaceae family. It is endemic to India.
 Atriplex cinerea (Grey Saltbush Coast Saltbush or Barilla) is a species of plant in the Chenopodiaceae family. It occurs in sheltered coastal areas and around salt lakes in the Australian states of Western Australia South Australia Tasmania Victoria and New South Wales.
 Synapsis ilicifolia is a species of plant in the Bignoniaceae family. It is endemic to Cuba.
 Begonia truncicola is a species of plant in the Begoniaceae family. It is a vine endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss the only known natural threat to it.
 The genus Manniophyton is a taxon of shrubs or trees of the spurge family (Euphorbiaceae). Its species are lianas.
 Bulbophyllum sapphirinum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Erythronium grandiflorum is a species of flowering plant in the lily family. It is known by several common names including yellow avalanche lily glacier lily and dogtooth fawn lily. It is native to western North America from to British Columbia and Alberta south to New Mexico and California though it has not been reported from Arizona or Nevada.
 Thonningia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Balanophoraceae containing the single species Thonningia sanguinea. It is distributed throughout much of southern and western Africa particularly the tropical regions. Common names for the plant include ground pineapple. A familiar plant to humans it has an extremely long list of common names in many African languages. Many names are inspired by the resemblance of the plant's inflorescence to a pineapple or palm tree.
 Buddleja globosa also known as the orange ball buddleja is a species of flowering plant endemic to Chile and Argentina where it grows in dry and moist forest from sea level to 2000 m. The species was first described and named by Hope in 1782 The plant was accorded the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit (record 687) in 1993 [1]
 Marina is a genus of legumes. They are known as the false prairie clovers.Selected species:Marina brevisMarina calycosaMarina diffusaMarina nutansMarina orcuttiiMarina parryiMarina peninsularisMarina victoriae
 Pepinia bulbosa is a species of the genus Pepinia. It was originally described by Lyman Bradford Smith in 1955 as Pitcairnia bulbosa and later moved to the genus Pepinia by Ganapathy Subramaniam Varadarajan and Amy Jean Gilmartin in 1988.This species is found in Colombia in dry rich soil in crevices of granite rock. It is also found in Venezuela.
 Aralia nudicaulis (commonly Wild Sarsaparilla False sarsaparilla Shot bush Small Spikenard Wild Liquorice and Rabbit Root) is a flowering plant of northern and eastern North America which reaches a height of 30–60 cm (12–24 in) with creeping underground stems.In the spring the underground stems produce compound leaves that are large and finely toothed.
 Dracula posadarum is a species of orchid.
 Oliganthes is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Ptilidium is a genus of liverwort and is the only genus in family Ptilidiaceae. It includes only three species: Ptilidium californicum Ptilidium ciliare and Ptilidium pulcherrimum. The genus is distributed throughout the arctic and subarctic with disjunct populations in New Zealand and Tierra del Fuego. Molecular analysis suggests that the genus has few close relatives and diverged from other leafy liverworts early in their evolution.
 Shorea crassa is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. The species name is derived from Latin (crassus = thick) and refers to thick leaf blade.
 Abuta is a genus in the flowering plant family Menispermaceae of about 32 species native to tropical Central and South America.
 Neoregelia zonata is a species of the genus Neoregelia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Bulbophyllum floribundum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 The Desmodium incanum of many older sources is actually Desmodium laxiflorum; see below.Desmodium incanum known as creeping beggarweed or Spanish clover/tick-trefoil is a perennial plant native to Central and South America.
 Orchis is a genus in the orchid family (Orchidaceae) occuring mainly in Europe and Northwest Africa and ranging as far as Tibet Mongolia China and Japan. The name is from the Ancient Greek ὄρχις orchis meaning testicle from the appearance of the paired subterranean tuberoids.
 Halimodendron is a monotypic genus of legume containing the single species Halimodendron halodendron which is known by several common names including common salt tree and Russian salt tree. It is closely related to the genus Caragana. It is native to Russia and southern Asia but it can be found on other continents where it is an introduced species and one that is often a noxious weed. This is a deciduous spiny shrub sprawling to a few meters in maximum width and up to three meters tall.
 Quesnelia lateralis is a species of the genus Quesnelia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Dryopteris erythrosora (autumn fern Japanese wood fern copper shield fern) is a species of fern in the family Dryopteridaceae native to eastern Asia from China and Japan south to the Philippines growing in light woodland shade on low mountains or hills. It is semi-evergreen with bipinnate fronds 30–70 cm (12–28 in) tall by 15–35 cm (6–14 in) broad with 8-20 pairs of pinnae.
 Clermontia samuelii is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Hana clermontia. It is one of several Hawaiian lobelioids in genus Clermontia that are known as `oha wai. This plant is endemic to Maui where there are fewer than 250 mature specimens remaining. This is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This is a shrub which can reach five meters in height. It grows in wet Metrosideros forests.
 Prunus eremophila is a rare species of plum that is known by its common name Mojave desert plum. It is endemic to San Bernardino County California where it is known only from the eastern Mojave National Preserve including Lanfair Valley. It occurs in Mojave Desert scrub habitat. The plant was described to science only in 2002 and little is known about its ecology.This is a shrub with tangled thorny branches. It reaches over two meters in maximum height.
 Sequoia affinis /sɨˈkɔɪ.ə əfɪnɪs/ is an extinct species of the genus Sequoia in the cypress family Cupressaceae (formerly treated in Taxodiaceae). The name Sequoia sometimes refers to the subfamily Sequoioideae which includes the still-living S. sempervirens along with Sequoiadendron (giant sequoia) and Metasequoia (dawn redwood).
 Shorea laeviforia is a plant species in the genus Shorea.Valoneic acid dilactone flavogallonic acid dilactone gallagyldilactone ellagic acid and gallic acid are hydrolysable tannins that can be isolated from the heartwood of S. laeviforia as well as two stilbenoids laevifonol (an ε-viniferin-ascorbic acid hybrid compound) and laevifoside (an O-glucoside of ampelopsin A).
 Bulbophyllum mystrophyllum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Atriplex amnicola commonly known as river saltbush or swamp saltbush is a species of shrub in the Amaranthaceae family. Endemic to Western Australia it is native to the floodplains of the Murchison and Gascoyne Rivers.River saltbush is a multi-branched shrub whose form ranges from prostrate to erect. In ideal conditions it may be up to four metres wide and the erect form may be up to 2.5 metres high.
 Hypericum revolutum is a shrub or small tree in the genus Hypericum native to Arabia and Africa. It is evergreen with leaves opposite closely spaced and crowded at the ends of branches c. 20 × 5 mm green to slightly glaucous sessile clasping at the base. Single bright yellow flowers form at the ends of branches up to 5 cm in diameter blooming from June to November.
 Menziesia is a genus of flowering plant in the family Ericaceae. Species include Menziesia ciliicalyx Menziesia ferruginea - False azalea or Fool's huckleberry Menziesia multiflora Menziesia pilosa - Minnie bush; Allegheny menziesia
 Eucalyptus eremophila is a eucalypt native to semi-arid regions of Western Australia. Common names include tall sand mallee sand mallee and Eastern Goldfields horned mallee.German botanist Ludwig Diels described the Eastern Goldfields horned mallee as a subspecies of Eucalyptus occidentalis in 1904 material comprising the type specimen collected in Coolgardie district by Ernst Georg Pritzel and Gilmore. The epithet eremophila means desert-loving.
 Daphnopsis is a plant genus in the family Thymelaeaceae. The Plant List accepts the following species:Daphnopsis alainii NevlingDaphnopsis alpestris (Gardner) Benth. & Hook.f. ex B.D.Jacks. 	Daphnopsis americana (Mill.) J.R.Johnst.Daphnopsis angustifolia C.Wright ex Griseb.Daphnopsis anomala (Kunth) DomkeDaphnopsis bissei A.Noa MonzónDaphnopsis boliviana NevlingDaphnopsis brasiliensis Mart.
 Anisophyllea grandis is a species of plant in the Anisophylleaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Arum maculatum is a common woodland plant species of the Araceae family. It is widespread across temperate northern Europe and is known by an abundance of common names including snakeshead adder's root arum wild arum arum lily lords-and-ladies devils and angels cows and bulls cuckoo-pint Adam and Eve bobbins naked boys starch-root wake robin friar's cowl and jack in the pulpit.
 Taxus brevifolia (Pacific yew or western yew) is a conifer native to the Pacific Northwest of North America. It ranges from southernmost Alaska south to central California mostly in the Pacific Coast Ranges but with isolated disjunct populations in southeast British Columbia (most notably occurring on Zuckerberg Island near Castlegar) and in south to central Idaho.
 Colpodium hedbergii is a species of grass in the Poaceae family.It is found only in Kenya.Its natural habitats are rivers and Alpine wetlands.
 Shorea malibato is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to the Philippines.
 Guaiacum (/ˈɡwaɪ.ə.kəm/) sometimes spelled Guajacum is a genus of flowering plants in the caltrop family Zygophyllaceae. It contains five species of slow-growing shrubs and trees reaching a height of approximately 20 m (66 ft) but are usually less than half of that. All are native to subtropical and tropical regions of the Americas and are commonly known as lignum-vitae guayacán (Spanish) or gaïac (French).
 Restrepia antennifera the Antennae-carrying Restrepia is an epiphytic miniature species of orchid found at higher altitudes in cool moist montane forests in Venezuela Colombia and Ecuador.These tiny orchids lack pseudobulbs. The erect thick leathery leaf is elliptic-ovate in shape. The aerial roots seem like fine hairs.The attractive flowers are 5–6 cm long. They develop one at a time at the base of the leaf.
 Acacia cyclops commonly known as red-eyed wattle or western coastal wattle is a coastal shrub or small tree in the family Fabaceae. Native to Australia it is distributed along the west coast of Western Australia as far north as Jurien Bay and along the south coast into South Australia.It is found in locations exposed to coastal winds red-eyed wattle grows as a dense dome shaped shrub; this helps protect against salt spray sand-blast and erosion of soil at the roots.
 Ipomoea purga is a species of flowering plant in the genus Ipomoea. It is commonly referred to as jalap.
 Tillandsia leiboldiana is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Costa Rica and Mexico.
 Megaloprotachne is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Caulanthus heterophyllus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names San Diego wild cabbage and San Diego jewelflower. This annual wildflower is native to the coast ranges of southern California and Baja California. It is a member of the chaparral plant community and is common in areas recovering from wildfire.
 Aletris bracteata Bracted Unicorn Root or Bahamian Unicorn Root is a plant species native to southern Florida (Monroe and Miami-Dade Counties) and to the Bahamas (Andros and Abaco Islands). It grows in the Everglades and other wet areas very close to sea level. Some hybridization between this species and the yellow-flowered A. lutea has been noted.Aletris bracteata is a perennial herb up to 60 cm tall spreading by means of underground rhizomes. Flowers are white about 7 mm long.
 Metrosideros fulgens (Scarlet rātā[citation needed] rātā vine) is a forest liane or vine endemic to New Zealand. It occurs in coastal and lowland forest throughout the North Island and on the west coast of the South Island. It is one of a number of New Zealand Metrosideros species which live out their lives as vines unlike the northern rata ( M.robusta) which generally begins as a hemi-epiphyte and grows into a huge tree.
 Carex praticola is a species of sedge known by the common name meadow sedge. It is native to most of northern North America including most of Canada and the northernmost United States. It grows in many habitat types from wet to dry including moist mountain meadows and woodlands. This sedge produces dense clumps of stems approaching a meter in maximum height. The inflorescence is an erect or nodding cluster of several flower spikes in color light greenish or brown to white.
 Castilleja kerryana is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family. It was formally described in 2013 and so far it is known only from a small range in the state of Montana in the United States.The first collection of this plant was tentatively identified as a specimen of Castilleja crista-galli and it is also similar to C. fraterna and C. pulchella. It differs from the latter two in its color and in the shape of its stem and flower corolla.
 Nidularium rutilans is a species of the genus Nidularium. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Pittosporum pickeringii is a species of plant in the Pittosporaceae family. It is endemic to Fiji.
 Cheilanthes parryi is a species of lip fern known by the common name Parry's lip fern. This plant is native to the Southwestern United States California and Baja California where it grows in rocky crevices in the mountains and deserts. This fern has leaflets made up of rounded segments with all surfaces covered in long pale hairs often thick enough to make the plant quite woolly. On the underside of the leaf the sporangia may be buried beneath the coating of hairs.
 In taxonomy Dangemannia is a genus of algae specifically of the Oltmansiellopsidales.
 Quercus stenophylla is an oak species found in Japan South Korea and Taiwan.The larvae of the Japanese oakblue (Arhopala japonica) of Acrocercops vallata and Marumba sperchius feed on Q. stenophylla.Stenophyllanin A a tannin and other quinic acid gallates can be found in Q. stenophylla. The triterpene friedelin can also be isolated from the leaves of the tree.
 Adonis pyrenaica is a native plant of the Pyrenees in southwestern Europe.It is cultivated as an ornamental plant.
 Saba banana is a triploid hybrid (ABB) banana cultivar originating from the Philippines. It is primarily a cooking banana though it can also be eaten raw. It is one of the most important banana varieties in Philippine cuisine. It is also sometimes known as the Cardaba banana though the latter name may be more correctly applied to a very similar cultivar also classified within the Saba subgroup.
 Phoenix caespitosa (caespitosa - Latin clumped or tufted) is a species of flowering plant in the palm family native to the Arabian Peninsula and the deserts of Somalia. This species grows in large clumps near oases or underground springs. The trunks are short often subterranean in readily clumping clusters with 3 m leaves divided into 15 to 45 cm bluish-green leaflets.
 × Sophrocattleya (from Cattleya and Sophronitis its parent genera) is an intergeneric hybrid of orchids. The genus is abbreviated Sc. in the horticultural trade.
 Osteophloeum is a genus of plant in family Myristicaceae. It contains a single tree species O. platyspermum.
 Hypericum gnidiifolium is a species of flowering plant in the family Hypericaceae. It is endemic to Ethiopia where it has been observed at only two locations. It grows next to streams.
 Penstemon eatonii is a species of penstemon known by the common name firecracker penstemon. It is native to the western United States from California to the Rocky Mountains where it grows in many types of desert woodland forest and open plateau habitat. It is a perennial herb producing several sprawling to erect stems reaching one meter in maximum height. The leaves are lance-shaped to oval untoothed and up to 9 centimeters in length.
 Vaccinium floribundum commonly known as mortiño or Andean blueberry is a slender shurb that grows in the northern Andes in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador and Venezuela at elevations from 1800 to 3800 metres (5900 to 12500 ft). It can reach 2–3 m (6 ft 7 in–9 ft 10 in) high or it can be dwarf and prostrate. The plant produces an edible fruit a round berry that is bluish black and glaucous that is collected and eaten raw and used in preserves.
 Santolina is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae native to the Mediterranean. Between five and 24 species are accepted by different authorities.[citation needed]They are small evergreen shrubs growing 10–60 cm (4–24 in) tall. The leaves are simple and minute in some species or pinnate finely divided in other species often densely silvery hairy and usually aromatic.
 Oxalis suksdorfii is a species of flowering plant in the woodsorrel family known by the common name western yellow woodsorrel and Suksdorf's woodsorrel. It native to the west coast of the United States from Washington to northern California where it can be found in open and wooded habitat types. It is a perennial herb growing erect or trailing sometimes rooting at stolons its stem reaching up to 25 centimeters in length. The leaves are each made up of three leaflets.
 Cephalotaxus harringtonii commonly known as Cowtail Pine or Japanese Plum Yew is a coniferous bush or small tree in the plum yew family. It is native to Japan but is occasionally utilised in western gardens and several cultivars exist for these purposes.
 Helichrysum luteoalbum commonly known as Jersey Cudweed[citation needed] or Weedy Cudweed is a cosmopolitan weed.
 Cheiridopsis caroli-schmidtii is a species in the genus Cheiridopsis that consists of 100 flowering succulent perennial plants. Like the other members this species is native to semi-arid regions of Namibia and South Africa. This species grows on Granite and quartz outcrops.
 Encyclia patens is a species of orchid. The diploid chromosome number of E. patens has been determined as 2n = 40.
 Tecomella undulata is a tree species locally known as Rohida in Urdu روہیڑا found in Thar Desert regions of India and Pakistan. It is a medium sized tree that produces quality timber and is the main source of timber amongst the indigenous tree species of desert regions of Shekhawati and Marwar in Rajasthan. The trade name of the tree species is Desert teak or Marwar teak.Tecomella undulata is a deciduous or nearly evergreen tree of arid and semi arid regions.
 Knema oblongifolia is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Neoboutonia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae and of the monogeneric subtribe Neoboutoniinae.
 Tofieldia pusilla is a flowering plant of the genus Tofieldia in the family Tofieldiaceae. It is also sometimes classified in the lily family Liliaceae. Its common name is Scottish asphodel in Europe and Scotch false asphodel in North America. The plant is native to northern North America and parts of Eurasia its distribution extending across Canada and the northern United States to Greenland Iceland and northern Europe.
 Rhododendron argyrophyllum (银叶杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to Guizhou Sichuan and Yunnan China where it grows at altitudes of 1600–2300 meters. It is a shrub or small tree that grows to 3–7 m in height with leathery leaves that are narrowly elliptic or oblong-lanceolate 8–13 by 2–4 cm in size. Flowers are predominantly pink.
 Corsican mint (Mentha requienii) is a herb and species of mint native to Corsica Sardinia France and mainland Italy. It is a very low-growing species with bright green leaves and a strong minty aroma.
 Alsobia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Gesneriaceae native to Mexico Guatemala and Costa Rica. The two species are succulent stoloniferous herbs and were previously included in the genus Episcia. Recent molecular studies have supported the separation of Alsobia from Episcia.
 Stylidium productum is a small plant found in eastern Australia. Occasionally seen near Sydney growing on soils derived from Hawkesbury Sandstone.Flowers appear in spring and summer having five pink petals but one is very small.It features an unusual form of pollination. Where the style and two anthers strike an insect landing on the flower which is then showered with pollen.
 Myrtillocactus geometrizans (Bilberry Cactus Whortleberry Cactus or Blue Candle) is a species of cactus in the genus Myrtillocactus native to central and northern Mexico.
 Faujasiopsis is a genus of about three species of flowering plants in the Asteraceae family. It contains the following species: Faujasiopsis reticulata (Oreille de Souris) Faujasiopsis flexuosa Faujasiopsis boivinii
 Microcoelia is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Puya fosteriana is a species of the genus Puya. This species is endemic to Bolivia.
 Coreopsis verticillata (thread-leaf coreopsis) is a species of flowering plant of the genus Coreopsis in the family Asteraceae native to the southeastern United States. The common names are whorled coreopsis thread-leaved tickseed thread leaf coreopsis and pot-of-gold.
 Micropus californicus is a plant in the daisy family which is known by the common name slender cottonweed. Its flowerheads resemble very small cotton balls often rounded with cottony white hairs forming the pappus of each seed. The individual plants are known more informally as Q-tips due to their resemblance to the cotton swabs. It is found mostly in California and into Oregon and northern Baja California. This plant is a resident of the vernal pool plant community.
 Ranunculus crassipes is a small flowering plant in the buttercup or crowfoot family Ranunculaceae that is native to the subantarctic region. The specific epithet comes from the Latin and refers to the plant’s thicker and more succulent form compared to the closely related R. biternatus.
 Prosopis caldenia commonly known as the Caldén is a species of flowering tree in the pea family Fabaceae that is endemic to Argentina.Its status is insufficiently known.
 Cyclolobium brasiliense (Brazil: louveira cabruitinga mucitaíba; Paraguay: ysypó copi) is a species of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae. It is native to Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay and is the only member of the genus Cyclolobium.
 Cyclophyllum coprosmoides  known as the Coast Canthium Supple Jack and Sweet Susie is a shrub or tree occurring in eastern Australia. Commonly seen growing in a variety of different rainforest situations. From Jervis Bay in New South Wales to the islands of the Torres Strait.
 Lycopodium dendroideum is a clubmoss native to the northeastern USA. It is part of a complex of species colloquially known as groundpine which taxa were formerly lumped into the species Lycopodium obscurum. L. dendroideum prefers humus-rich sandy moist but not completely saturated soils.
 Ilex brachyphylla is a type of Holly - a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family. It is endemic to China where it grows as a shrub or small tree from 4m to 15m in height. It has leathery glossy green leaves which have serrated edges and a sharp point. Although male flowers have been described the Flora of China records that female flowers have not been observed and neither has the fruit. It is rare and an endangered species found only on mountain slopes in south-west Hunan province.
 Tillandsia marnier-lapostollei is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Ecuador.
 Vernonia unicata is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family that is endemic to Yemen.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Viola chamissoniana is a species of flowering plant in the violet family known by the common name 'Olopu. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known from the islands of Kauai Oahu Molokai and Maui.This plant is a woody shrub growing from a taproot and rooting where the lower stem comes in contact with the substrate. The leaves are up to 29 centimeters long by 9 wide and have toothed edges. The purple-tinged white flowers have petals measuring 1 to 2 centimeters long.
 Caulanthus pilosus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names hairy wild cabbage and chocolate drops. It is native to open dry habitat in the Great Basin and surrounding regions of the United States. It is an annual or occasionally perennial herb coated in thin hairs.
 Pluchea odorata is a species of flowering plant in the aster family Asteraceae. Common names include Sweetscent Salt Marsh Fleabane and Shrubby Camphorweed.
 Knema elmeri is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is found in Brunei Indonesia and Malaysia.
 Xenophyllum roseum is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Vriesea calimaniana is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Delphinium tricorne is a perennial flowering plant known also by the common name dwarf larkspur in the family Ranunculaceae. It sends up long stringy thin stems with few leaves and bears attractive flowers in shades of blue. It is found throughout the eastern United States and in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park. D. tricorne is one of the Delphinium species mentioned by Chesnut in an old report in connection with livestock poisoning in the United States.
 Galium glaucum or Glaucous Bedstraw is a plant species of the genus Galium.
 Cycas arenicola is a species of cycad in the genus Cycas native to Australia in the far north of Northern Territory in the basin of the upper East Alligator River in Arnhem Land. It grows in Eucalyptus woodlands on highly siliceous soils (sandstone derived). They thrive in open situations.The stems reach 1.5 m (rarely 2.5 m) tall with a diameter of 15-20 cm.
 Amelanchier sinica commonly known as the Chinese Serviceberry is a serviceberry native to China. Its fruit called a pome is dark-blue when it ripens.
 Buddleja davidii 'Mongo' (selling name Nanho Blue) is a cultivar introduced by the wholesale Monrovia Nursery California in 1984. The shrub was accorded the RHS Award of Garden Merit in 2002 but was placed on the Sunset List for rescission in 2010 following the release of other compact forms with a superior hue. [1]The plant has had several selling names (see Synonyms) which has caused some confusion Stuart describing the plant twice under different names.
 Viburnum farreri (syn. V. fragrans) is a species of flowering plant in the family Adoxaceae (formerly Caprifoliaceae) native to northern China. Growing to 3 m (10 ft) tall by 2.5 m (8 ft) broad it is an erect deciduous shrub with sweetly perfumed pink-tinged white blooms from late autumn to early spring. Its dark green leaves are bronze when young turning brilliant shades of red-purple in autumn. V.
 Rubus laciniatus the Cutleaf Evergreen Blackberry or Evergreen Blackberry is a species of Rubus native to Europe. it is an introduced species in North America. It has become a weed and invasive species in forested habitats in the western and eastern United States.
 Mesua wrayi is a species of flowering plant in the Calophyllaceae family.It is found only in Malaysia.
 Aglaia argentea is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family.It is a tree found in Australia Brunei India Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar Papua New Guinea the Philippines the Solomon Islands and Thailand.
 Aristida californica is a species of grass known by the common names California threeawn and Mojave threeawn. It is native to the Mojave Deserts and Sonoran of northern Mexico and California and Arizona.
 Adenothamnus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Senecio glabratus is a species of the genus Senecio and family Asteraceae.
 The California lady's slipper (Cypripedium californicum) is a member of the orchid genus Cypripedium the lady's slipper orchids. It is native to the western United States where it has a very restricted range and can only be found in the mountains of southwestern Oregon (Kalmiopsis Wilderness) and northern California. It prefers the margins of woodland streams in open coniferous forests.It often grows in very large clumps and each stem can bear up to 21 flowers.
 Bulbophyllum bracteatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Cenchrus is a genus of about 25 species of grasses in the family Poaceae. Common names include buffelgrasses sandburs and sand spur. Some botanists include the genus within the related genus Pennisetum.
 Brachyotum trichocalyx is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Physokentia thurstonii is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is found only in Fiji.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Juniperus chinensis (Chinese Juniper 圆柏 桧) is a juniper that grows as a shrub or tree with a very variable shape reaching 1-20 m tall. This native of northeast Asia grows in China Mongolia Japan Korea and the southeast of Russia.
 Streptanthus fenestratus is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Tehipite Valley jewelflower.
 Stylidium perplexum is a species of triggerplant that is endemic to south-west Western Australia. It is a tuberous species that has many stems and has been described as somewhat shrubby at 15-40 cm tall. The linear leaves can be 2 cm long and are arranged around the stem in a rosette at the stem apices. The 8–19 cm tall scapes bear 6 to 14 flowers that are white with purple accents and corolla lobes that are laterally paired and 4-6 mm long.S. perplexum was first collected by Graham S.
 Tetracera is a genus of flowering plants of the Dilleniaceae family.
 Philodendron riparium is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 In law dissolution has multiple meanings.Dissolution is the last stage of liquidation the process by which a company (or part of a company) is brought to an end and the assets and property of the company redistributed.Dissolution may also refer to the termination of a contract or other legal relationship; for example the dissolution of a marriage or divorce.Dissolution is also the term for the legal process by which an adoption is reversed.
 Sloanea is a genus of flowering plants in the family Elaeocarpaceae comprising about 150 species.Species include: Sloanea acutiflora Uittien Sloanea assamica Rehder & E. Wilson Sloanea australis Benth. & F.Muell. an Australian rainforest tree Sloanea berteroana Choisy ex DC. Sloanea caribaea Krug & Urb. ex Duss Sloanea gracilis Uittien Sloanea lepida Tirel Sloanea shankii Standl. & L.O.Williams Sloanea suaveolens Tirel Sloanea tomentosa Rehder & E.
 Otaara abbreviated Otr. in the horticultural trade is an intergeneric hybrid of orchids with Brassavola Broughtonia Cattleya Laelia and Sophronitis as parent genera.
 Proctoria is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Cyanea procera is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Molokai cyanea. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known only from the island of Molokaʻi. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States. Like other Cyanea it is known as haha in Hawaiian.This plant has been reduced to very low numbers. At one time it was thought to be extinct. By 1992 there were four plants known.
 Peperomia choritana is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Photinia glabra is a species in the family Rosaceae.
 Ceratocephala testiculata (syn. Ceratocephala orthoceras Ranunculus testiculatus) is a flowering plant that is native to Eurasia. Common names include bur buttercup and curveseed butterwort. It is very small usually only about an inch or two tall but potentially getting up to four inches. The flowers are small and dull yellow. The leaves are hairy and somewhat dissected. It produces a cluster of hard spiny fruits (the 'burs').
 Pradosia mutisii was a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It was endemic to Colombia.
 Bunium is a genus of flowering plants in the Apiaceae with 45 to 50 species.
 Cariniana uaupensis is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.It is found only in Brazil.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Neocabreria is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Blue iris redirects here. For the former porn star and Howard Stern Show personality see The Wack Pack.Iris spuria is a species of the genus Iris part of a subgenus series known as Limniris. The slender and elongated leaves surround a purple flower. It is a beardless form sometimes known as the Blue Iris. The subspecies Iris spuria ssp. maritima is called Seashore Iris. Other subspecies include I. s. ssp. carthaliniae and I. s. ssp.
 Job's Tears (Coix lacryma-jobi) Coixseed Tear Grass Hato Mugi adlay or adlai is a tall grain-bearing tropical plant of the family Poaceae (grass family) native to Southeast Asia but elsewhere cultivated in gardens as an annual. It has been naturalized in the southern United States and the New World tropics. In its native environment it is grown in higher areas where rice and corn do not grow well.
 Buddleja 'Summer Frost' is an American hybrid cultivar raised by Dr D. Werner at the J C Raulston Arboretum North Carolina State University. [1]
 Liparia is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the sub family Faboideae.
 Testulea gabonensis is a species of plant in the Ochnaceae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea and Gabon. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Acritarchs are small organic fossils present from approximately 1400 to 3200 million years ago to the present. Their diversity reflects major ecological events such as the appearance of predation and the Cambrian explosion.
 Xanthogalum is a botanical genus belonging to the family Apiaceae.
 Scuticaria irwiniana is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil (Minas Gerais).
 Acianthella (Elf Orchids) is a small genus of tropical ground orchids previously included in Acianthus but is now distinguished by tiny green flowers on long thin ovaries sepals of similar shape and size lacking apical clubs narrow petals and no basal glands on the labellum. There are about 7 species altogether 2 endemic in Australia and 5 in New Caledonia. Both the Australian species are self-pollinating and very difficult to grow.
 Araucaria heterophylla (synonym A. excelsa) is a distinctive conifer a member of the ancient and now disjointly distributed family Araucariaceae. As its vernacular name Norfolk Island Pine implies the tree is endemic to Norfolk Island a small island in the Pacific Ocean between Australia New Zealand and New Caledonia.
 In botanical nomenclature Dolichomastix is a genus of algae specifically of the Mamiellales.
 Mimosa diplotricha also known as the giant sensitive plant is a species in the Fabaceae family.A native from Brazil it is extremely invasive in the Pacific where it has been introduced on all island groups except (so far) Tonga. It was introduced on Niuē around 2000 but an ongoing eradication program has virtually destroyed all occurrences there.Left undisturbed the plant can grow 2 meters high and its big and sharp spines make it indeed a very unwelcome guest.
 Huperzia compacta is a species of plant in the Lycopodiaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Byblis lamellata is a carnivorous plant in the Byblidaceae family. It is endemic to Australia.
 Madhuca sessilis is a tree in the Sapotaceae family. It grows up to 18 metres (60 ft) tall with a trunk diameter of up to 35 centimetres (10 in). The bark is greyish brown. Inflorescences bear two to three flowers.The fruits are purplish-green round up to 1 cm (0.4 in) in diameter. The specific epithet sessilis is from the Latin meaning without stalk referring to the leaves. Habitat is mixed dipterocarp forest. M. sessilis is found in Sumatra Singapore and Borneo.
 Licuala grandis the Ruffled Fan Palm Vanuatu Fan Palm or Palas Palm is a species of palm tree in the Arecaceae family native to Vanuatu an island in the Pacific.
 Abarema campestris is a species of legume of the genus Abarema in the Fabaceae family.
 Gasteria maculata common name Spotted Gasteria is succulent plant in the genus Gasteria belonging to the family Asphodeloideae.
 Bursaria is a genus of large shrubs and small trees which are native to Australia. The genus was first described by Antonio Cavanilles in 1797 with his description of the type species B. spinosa. The name is derived from the Latin word bursa (purse) which relates to the shape of its seed capsules.Species include:Bursaria calcicola L.Cayzer Crisp & I.Telford Bursaria incana Lindl.
 Millettia sacleuxii is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Tanzania.
 Vriesea altimontana is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Bulbophyllum macranthoides is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Datura leichhardtii is a species of thorn apple. In 1844 Ludwig Leichhardt is said to have discovered this species in Australia. Ferdinand von Mueller gave it the name Datura leichhardtii when he published his first description of it in 1855.The natural habitat of this species covered an area from Mexico to Guatemala. It was taken to Australia where today is widespread in Queensland and New South Wales.
 Lepturus calcareus is a species of grass in the Poaceae family.It is found only in Yemen.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Clarkia rhomboidea is a species of wildflower known by the common names diamond clarkia and forest clarkia. This plant is native to western North America where it is a common resident of varied forest and woodland habitats. This clarkia grows a spindly stem not exceeding a meter in height and occasional small leaves. The flower has four petals which are bright pink to lavender and often speckled with darker pink shades.
 Primula scotica commonly known as Scottish primrose is a species of primrose that is endemic to the north coast of Scotland including Caithness and Orkney. It is closely related to the Arctic species Primula stricta and Primula scandinavica.Primula scotica is easily distinguished from other Primula by its bluish purple flowers. It flowers in May and often has a second flowering in July. In Orkney it is commonly seen on the sea cliffs at Yesnaby.
 Gongora aceras is a species of orchid found in Colombia and western Ecuador.
 Coeliopsidinae is a subtribe of plants in the Orchid family. The three members of this subtribe have traditionally been lumped in with Stanhopeinae but obvious morphological traits and new molecular analysis by Whitten et al. in 2000 confirmed the group reclassified by Szlachetko (1995). These genera have smooth unribbed ovoid pseudobulbs with 3-4 large and thin plicate leaves.
 Decorsea dinteri is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in Namibia. Its natural habitat is freshwater marshes.
 Bulbophyllum ariel is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Codonosiphon is a genus of orchids represented by 3 species. One species occurs in Sulawesi and the other two in New Guinea. The sepals of this genus are slightly connivent forming a bell-shape tube whence the generic name (Codonosiphon means bell-tube).
 Chloris virgata is a species of grass known by the common names feather fingergrass and feather windmillgrass.
 Vitex trifolia (simpleleaf chastetree) is a large coastal shrub or small tree.
 Pouteria kaieteurensis is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Guyana.
 Bulbophyllum linearifolium is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Myosotis discolor is a species of forget-me-not known by the common name changing forget-me-not. It is native to Europe and it can also be found throughout eastern and western North America where it is an introduced species. It grows in many types of habitat including disturbed areas such as roadsides. It is a hairy annual or perennial herb growing 10 to 50 centimeters tall with a slender sometimes branching erect stem.
 Freziera revoluta is a species of plant in the Theaceae family. It is found in Bolivia and Peru.
 Tillandsia jalisco-monticola is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to the State of Jalisco Mexico and its species name means mountain dweller. Its small purple flowers are pollinated by hummingbirds and it has large red- to yellow-tinted bracts all year long.The Tillandsia jalisco-monticola is the ambassador plant of the Vallarta Botanical Gardens.
 Yucca rupicola is a plant in the family Asparagaceae known as the twistleaf yucca twisted-leaf yucca or Texas yucca. The species was described by George Heinrich Adolf Scheele in 1850. This is a small acaulescent plant with distinctive twisted leaves. It is native to the Edwards Plateau region of Texas and also to northeastern Mexico (Coahuila Nuevo León).Yucca rupicola forms colonies of rosettes lacking trunks above-ground but producing a branched caudex under the surface.
 Gastrolobium grandiflorum commonly known as Wallflower Poison Wallflower Poison Bush or Heart-leaf Poison Bush is a bushy shrub which is endemic to Australia. It grows to 2 or 3 metres in height and between late summer and early winter (February to August in Australia) it produces orange-red pea-flowers with a yellow centre and red veins.
 Ehretia cymosa is a small tree belonging to the Boraginaceae or borage family. It occurs over a wide range of habitat throughout of western central and eastern Africa including Benin Côte d'Ivoire Cameroon Ethiopia Kenya Comoros Madagascar Mascarenes Zimbabwe and Mozambique.
 Eriogonum nortonii is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Pinnacles buckwheat. This small annual herb is endemic to California where it is known mainly from a few occurrences around the border between Monterey and San Benito Counties. It is sometimes seen on the protected land of Pinnacles National Park.
 The Caytoniales is an extinct order of seed plants whose presence is recorded in fossils collected throughout the Mesozoic Era (around 250 to 70 million years ago). The plants are part of the group called seed ferns because they are seed-bearing plants with fern-like leaves.The first fossils to be identified in this order were discovered in a Middle Jurassic formation in Yorkshire. The plants are believed to have grown in wetlands of some nature and may have been small trees.
 Mamillariella is a genus of moss in family Leskeaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Mamillariella geniculata Laz.
 Hydrophyllum capitatum is a species of waterleaf known by the common name ballhead waterleaf. It is native to Western North America from British Columbia to Utah.
 Bulbophyllum parviflorum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Dysphania littoralis commonly known as Red crumbweed is a small prostrate annual plant flowering year round.
 Nepenthes flava /nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˈflɑːvə/ is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to northern Sumatra where it grows in montane forest at 1800–2200 m above sea level.The specific epithet flava is derived from the Latin word for yellow and refers to the typical colouration of the plant's upper pitchers and other vegetative parts.
 Magnolia × wieseneri is a hybrid plant in the Magnolia genus and family Magnoliaceae. A small tree or large shrub with white highly fragrant blooms it is the progeny of Magnolia sieboldii and Magnolia obovata.
 Podocarpus parlatorei (Parlatore's Podocarp) is a species of Podocarpus native to Argentina Bolivia and Peru.It is a medium-sized to large evergreen tree. The leaves are 5–12 cm long with a blunt apex.It has been treated as a synonym of Podocarpus curvifolius Carrière by some authors (Dallimore & Jackson 1966) but that name is no longer regarded as identifiable (Farjon 1998).
 Nidularium viridipetalum is a species of the genus Nidularium. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Ehrharta erecta is a species of grass also known as panic veldtgrass or perennial veldt grass. The species is native to Southern Africa and Yemen. It is a documented invasive species in the United States New Zealand Australia southern Europe and China.The species is perennial and normally grows to about 30 to 50 centimeters although it may reach two meters in height.The species has been used for birdseed and in ecological restoration like dune stabilization.
 Octomeria juncifolia is a species of orchid endemic to southern and southeastern Brazil.
 Solanum erianthum is a species of nightshade that is native to southern North America and northern South America. It has been introduced to other parts of the world and has a nearly pantropical distribution. Common names include Potato Tree Mullein Nightshade (that may also refer to S. donianum) Velvet Nightshade and Salvadora.
 Zygogynum is a genus of plant in family Winteraceae. Most species are native to New Caledonia and are pollinated primarily by beetles and moths. The genus includes the following species: Zygogynum crassifolium (Baill.) Vink Zygogynum cristatum Vink Zygogynum howeanum (F.Muell.) Vink Zygogynum oligostigma Vink Zygogynum tanyostigma Vink↑
 Nepeta troodi commonly known as Troodos cat-mint is a suberect aromatic perennial herb 20-50 cm high with a woody base and hairy tetragonal shoots. Leaves opposite simple serrate cordate at base deltoid apex obtuse 1-4 x 0.6-2 cm petiolate densely hairy. Flowers in many flowered verticillasters zygomorphic corolla white with the lower lip dotted purple. Flowers June to October. Fruit of 4 nutlets.
 Helicia amplifolia is a species of plant in the Proteaceae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Allium neapolitanum (Naples Garlic Daffodil Garlic False Garlic Flowering Onion Naples Onion Guernsey Star-of-Bethlehem Neapolitan Garlic Star White Garlic Wood Garlic) is a perennial bulbous plant of the genus Allium the onion family. It is native to the Mediterranean Region and the Mid-East from Spain to Pakistan.
 Utricularia malabarica is a small annual carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia. It is endemic to southern India and has been collected from the Kasaragod district. U. malabarica grows over wet rocks or lateritic soils in the presence of Eriocaulon species and grasses. It was originally collected by M. K. Janarthanam in 1985 and was formally described by Janarthanam and Ambrose Nathaniel Henry in 1989. It is most closely related to U. lazulina.
 Anemone hupehensis Anemone hupehensis var. japonica and Anemone × hybrida (commonly known as the Chinese anemone or Japanese anemone thimbleweed or windflower) are species of flowering herbaceous perennials in the Ranunculaceae family.Anemone × hybrida is a hybrid of Anemone hupehensis var. japonica and Anemone vitifolia.
 Pulmonaria angustifolia (narrow-leaved lungwort blue cowslip) is a species of flowering plant in the family Boraginaceae native to central and north eastern Europe. Growing to 30 cm (12 in) tall by 45 cm (18 in) broad it is an herbaceous perennial with hairy oval leaves and masses of bright blue flowers in spring. The subspecies azureus has brighter blue flowers.The specific epithet angustifolia means narrow-leaved.
 Pitcairnia steyermarkii is a species of the genus Pitcairnia. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Ophioglossales (lit. 'snake-tongue-plant') are a small group of pteridophyte plants. Traditionally they are included in the division Pteridophyta the ferns originally as a family and later as the order Ophioglossales. In some classifications this group is placed in a separate division the Ophioglossophyta but recent molecular systematic studies have shown the Ophioglossales to be closely related to the Psilotales. The most recent classification by Smith et al.
 Ficus montana (common name Oakleaf Fig) is a species of subtropical climbing figs plant. The plant is similar to the Creeping Fig but has smaller leaves. Leaves are 1 ½ inch in size. The leaves are shaped like oak leaves which gives its common name. It is grown as a houseplant in offices and in shopping malls. It is slow growing. There are many cultivars with different variegated leaves of this species. Snowflake is a cultivar with completely white leaves.
 Aechmea paniculigera is a species of the genus Aechmea. It grows in Central America and Jamaica.
 Pogogyne clareana is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Santa Lucia mint. It is endemic to Monterey California where it is known only from about fifty occurrences all located within the bounds of Fort Hunter Liggett a US Army training facility.
 Erigeron acer is a widespread herbaceous plant. Common names include bitter fleabane and blue fleabane.Botanical synonyms include Erigeron acris L.
 Gonystylus stenosepalus is a species of plant in the Thymelaeaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Ascoglossum abbreviated as Ascgm in horticultural trade is a monotypic genus of epiphytic orchids in family Orchidaceae. Its only species Ascoglossum calopterum (Rchb.f.) Schltr. 1913 is endemic to the Moluccas New Guinea the Philippines and the Solomon Islands.
 Brachystephanus kupeensis is a species of plant in the Acanthaceae family. It is endemic to Cameroon. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Bulbophyllum mentosum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Traunsteinera is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Libertia paniculata is a plant in the Iridaceae family. It is endemic to Australia where it occurs in Queensland New South Wales and Victoria.
 Onagraceae known as the willowherb family or evening primrose family is a family of flowering plants. It includes approximately 650 species in 17 genera. They are herbs shrubs and trees. The family is widespread occurring on every continent from boreal to tropical regions.The family includes a number of popular garden plants including evening primroses (Oenothera) and fuchsias (Fuchsia). Some particularly the willowherbs (Epilobium) are common weeds in gardens and in the wild.
 Bromus maginatus is a species of grass known by the common name mountain brome. It is native to western North America and it is used widely for grazing animals and revegetating landscapes.This short-lived perennial grass forms a large shallow root network. The roots give it drought-tolerance and they persist in the soil long after the plant has died making it valuable for erosion control. The stems can usually reach one meter in height but are known to reach 1.5 meters.
 Maerua crassifolia is a species of plant in the Capparaceae family. It is native to Africa tropical Arabia and Israel but is disappearing from Egypt. Foliage from this plant is used as fodder for animals especially camels during the dry season in parts of Africa. The plant grows commonly in Yemen where it is called Meru. In the 18th century the plant's Arabic name Meru was used as the source for the genus name Maerua.
 Philodendron cordatum (common names: Philodendron Angra dos Reis Heart Leaf Philodendron) is an epiphytic and epilithic species of Philodendron endemic to southeastern Brazil.
 Crataegus putnamiana is a species of hawthorn.
 Sabicea pyramidalis is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Malveae is a tribe of flowering plants in the mallow family Malvaceae subfamily Malvoideae.
 The American hybrid cultivar Ulmus 'Coolshade' was cloned from a crossing of the Slippery or Red Elm Ulmus rubra and the Siberian Elm Ulmus pumila at the Sarcoxie Nurseries Sarcoxie Missouri in 1946.
 Capillipedium is a genus of grasses.
 Pitcairnia stevensonii is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Antimima is a plantgenus in the Aizoaceae family. It contains 104 accepted species. Species include: Antimima argentea (L.Bolus) H.E.K.Hartmann Antimima aurasensis H.E.K.Hartmann Antimima buchubergensis (Dinter) H.E.K.Hartmann Antimima eendornensis (Dinter) H.E.K.Hartmann Antimima modesta (L.Bolus) H.E.K.Hartmann Antimima quartzitica (Dinter) H.E.K.Hartmann↑
 Ilex caniensis is a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Gentiana alba (called Plain Pale White Cream or Yellow Gentian) is a herbaceous species of flowering plant in the Gentian family Gentianaceae producing yellowish-white colored flowers from thick white taproots. It is native to North America from Manitoba through Ontario in the north south to Oklahoma Arkansas and North Carolina and it is listed as rare endangered threatened or extirpated in parts of this range.
 Ageratum littorale common name Cape Sable Whiteweed is a plant species native to Florida the common name referring to Cape Sable inside Everglades National Park. Some publications (e. g. Flora of North America) consider this as being the same species as the West Indian A. maritimum but The Plant List accepts the two as distinct taxa. It is their lead that we are following here.
 Howell's thelypody (Thelypodium howellii) is a rare plant of the Western United States. It is endemic to a relatively small area on the borders of three western States: Oregon Nevada and California.
 Centrolepis ciliata is a species of plant of the Centrolepidaceae family. It is found in New Zealand (the North South Stewart Auckland and Campbell Islands) and Tasmania.
 Nymphaea leibergii also known as the Dwarf Waterlily and Leiberg's waterlily is a perennial emergent aquatic plant belonging to the genus Nymphaea. It can be found across northern North America in ponds and slow moving streams. Populations of this plant are infrequent throughout its range and it is protected as a state threatened plant in Maine and Minnesota.
 Mysanthus uleanus is a species of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae. It is the only described member of the genus Mysanthus though there is a report of an undescribed species.
 Dendrosenecio elgonensis is one of the giant groundsel of East Africa this one is endemic to Mount Elgon. They used to be considered part of the Senecio genus but recently have been reclassified to their own genus Dendrosenecio.
 Horsfieldia crassifolia is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia and Singapore.
 Schenkia spicata is a species of annual herb in the Gentianaceae family. It has a very wide old world distribution ranging from north Africa through Europe and into Asia.It was first published as Gentiana spicata by Carl Linnaeus in his 1753 Species plantarum. It was later transferred into Erythraea and then Centaurium under a broad circumscription of the latter genus that was subsequently found to be polyphyletic. In 2004 Centaurium was split into four genera with C.
 The tribe Exostyleae is an early-branching monophyletic clade of the flowering plant subfamily Faboideae (or Papilionaceae) that are mostly found in Neotropical rainforests.
 Viburnum trilobum (American Cranberrybush Viburnum American Cranberrybush Kalyna or Highbush or High Bush Cranberry) is a species of Viburnum native to northern North America from Newfoundland west to British Columbia south to Washington state and east to northern Virginia. It is very closely related to the European and Asian Viburnum opulus and is often treated as a variety of it as Viburnum opulus L. var. americanum Ait. or as a subspecies Viburnum opulus subsp.
 Dendrobium lineale is a species of orchid. It is an epiphytic plant that grows along the north-eastern coast of New Guinea from Milne Bay to just over the border into Irian Jaya and from sea level to around 800 metres (2600 ft). It has cane-like pseudobulbs which grow up to 2 metres (6 ft 7 in) long and 2–3 centimetres (0.8–1.2 in) in diameter. Its inflorescences are up to 75 cm (30 in) long with many flowers up to 5 cm (2.0 in) across.
 Phebalium bullatum commonly known as silvery phebalium or desert phebalium is a shrub which is endemic to south-eastern Australia. The species is found on sandy soils in mallee scrub in South Australia and western Victoria. It grows from 0.5 to 2 metres high and produces clusters of yellow flowers from August to December in Australia (late winter to early summer).
 Oblivia is a genus of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family. It contains the following species: Oblivia ceronii H.Rob. Oblivia mikanioides (Britton) Strother Oblivia simplex (V.M.Badillo) H.Rob.↑
 Greigia kessleri is a species of the genus Greigia. This species is endemic to Bolivia.
 Deherainia smaragdina is a species of bush in the Theophrastaceae family endemic to Mexico notable for its green flowers and unpleasant smell.
 Fargesia murielae (umbrella bamboo) is a species of flowering plant in the family Poaceae. It is a large clump-forming evergeen bamboo closely resembling Fargesia nitida in the same genus but with yellow canes.
 Ateleia is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family. It contains the following species: Ateleia albolutescens Mohlenbr. Ateleia apetala Griseb. Ateleia arsenii Standl. Ateleia glazioveana Baill. Ateleia gummifera (Bertero ex DC.) D. Dietr. Ateleia guaraya Herzog Ateleia herbert-smithii Pittier Ateleia insularis Standl. Ateleia mcvaughii Rudd Ateleia microcarpa (Pers.) D. Dietr. Ateleia ovata Mohlenbr. Ateleia popenoei Correll Ateleia pterocarpa D. Dietr. Ateleia salicifolia Mohlenbr.
 Dodecatheon pulchellum commonly known as Pretty shooting star few-flowered shooting star dark throat shooting star and prairie shooting star. The plant is native to the Western United States often in xeric and desert habitats. It is found in the Great Basin deserts and Mojave Desert.
 Asteliaceae is a family of flowering plants placed in the order Asparagales of the monocots.The family has only recently been recognized by taxonomists. The APG III system of 2009 (unchanged from the 1998 and 2003 versions) does recognize this family. The family includes a few genera with several dozen species occurring in the Southern Hemisphere.
 Acacia coriacea subsp. pendens is a subspecies of Acacia coriacea (River Jam) that is endemic to Western Australia.[citation needed]
 Silene perlmanii is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name cliff-face catchfly. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known only from the southern Waianae Mountains of Oahu. Today there are no plants left in the wild. The species is in cultivation at the National Tropical Botanical Garden. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This white-flowered subshrub was first discovered in 1987.
 Ruellia stenandrium is a plant native of Cerrado vegetation of Brazil.
 Myristica atrescens is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 Passiflora arborea is a species of passion flower found in Columbia Ecuador and Panama. The Passiflora arborea is a freestanding tree that can grow to be 50 feet tall. The tree's leaves grow to be 1 to 1½ feet long. It is native to Columbia and is rarely seen in cultivation.
 Micranthes oregana is a species of flowering plant known by the common name Oregon saxifrage. It is native to western North America including the mountainous regions of the western United States. It can be found in moist habitat such as marshes and other wetlands. It is a perennial herb growing from a thick fleshy or woody caudex. It produces a basal rosette of linear to lance-shaped leaves each up to 25 centimeters long.
 Limnanthes douglasii is a species of annual flowering plant in the family Limnanthaceae (meadowfoam) commonly known as poached egg plant or Douglas' meadowfoam. It is native to California and Oregon where it grows in wet grassy habitat such as vernal pools and spring meadows. It can grow in poorly drained clay soils. The plant was collected by the Scottish explorer and botanist David Douglas who worked on the west coast of America in the 1820s.
 Pitcairnia chiapensis is a species of the genus Pitcairnia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Mnium stellare is a moss species in the genus Mnium.
 Rhaesteria is a monotypic genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae. The sole species is Rhaesteria eggelingii.
 Aphelandra sulphurea is a species of plant in the Acanthaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Nectandra hirtella is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Austromyrtus horizontalis is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to New Caledonia.
 Masdevallia civilis is a species of orchid occurring from Venezuela to Peru.
 Vitex evoluta is a species of plant in the Verbenaceae family. It is endemic to New Caledonia.
 Arisarum is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family.
 Penstemon rostriflorus is a species of penstemon known by the common name Bridge penstemon or Bridges' penstemon. It is native to the southwestern United States where it grows in many types of sagebrush scrub woodland and forest habitat. It is a perennial herb growing in clumps of many erect stems from a woody base. It may reach one meter in height. The leaves are linear to lance-shaped smooth-edged and up to 7 centimeters long.
 Aerides leeanum is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family. It is endemic to the Philippines. Its natural habitat is subtropical[citation needed] or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss. There are two populations on Luzon in severely fragmented habitats (Bataan Camarines Norte Camarines Sur Cavite Quezon Rizal) and Samar Islands.
 Tapura arachnoidea is a species of plant in the Dichapetalaceae family. It is endemic to Gabon.
 Xanthocercis madagascariensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in Madagascar.
 The Upton Pyne apple is a large cooking variety (also used as an eating apple) noted for its pineapple flavour. In season December to March.It was introduced in 1910 and raised by George Pyne the owner of Denver Nurseries in Topsham Devon UK. The apple was named after the village of Upton Pyne in Devon UK where his family originated.
 Cucurbita cylindrata is a species of flowering plant in the squash family. It is similar to Cucurbita californica Cucurbita cordata Cucurbita digitata and Cucurbita palmata and all these species hybridize readily. These species form the only restricted xerophyte species group in the genus Cucurbita. Each member of this species group is native to the Southwestern United States and Northwestern Mexico where they are relatively uncommon.
 Cucurbita digitata is a species of flowering plant in the squash family known by the common names fingerleaf gourd and bitter squash. It is similar to Cucurbita californica Cucurbita cordata Cucurbita cylindrata and Cucurbita palmata and all these species hybridize readily. These species form the only restricted xerophyte species group in the genus Cucurbita.
 Corypha macropoda is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is found only in India. Arecaceae or Palmae (also known by the name Palmaceae which is considered taxonomically invalid or by the common name palm tree) is a family of flowering plants the only family in the monocot order Arecales.
 Neoregelia abendrothae is a species of the genus Neoregelia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Silybum (milk thistle) is a genus of two species of thistles in the daisy family (Asteraceae). The plants are native to the Mediterranean regions of Europe North Africa and the Middle East. The name milk thistle derives from a feature of the leaves which are prominently banded with splashes of white. Historically these milky bands were said to be Mother Mary's milk and this is the origin of another common name St. Mary's thistle.
 Olinia emarginata the mountain hard pear or berghardepeer in Afrikaans language is a tree species in the genus Olinia native to South Africa.Prunasin a cyanogenic glucoside can be found in the leaves of O. emarginata.
 Drimia secunda (syn. Rhadamanthus secundus) is a species of plant that is endemic to Namibia. Its natural habitats are rocky areas and cold desert.
 Panicum repens is a species of grass known by many common names including torpedograss creeping panic panic rampant couch panicum wainaku grass quack grass dog-tooth grass and bullet grass. Its exact native range is obscure. Sources suggest that the grass is native to Africa and/or Asia Europe or Australia Eurasia Australia Europe Asia and Africa or other specific regions including the Mediterranean Israel and Argentina.
 Cynometra filifera is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Tanzania.
 Eschweilera is a genus of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.
 Picconia (Picconia) is a genus of two species flowering plants in the family Oleaceae. In the laurel forests habitat of Macaronesia islands of the eastern North Atlantic.They are evergreen shrubs to trees with large opposite entire shiny ovoid leaves and numerous flowers.The fruit is a drupe. The flowers are small white and fragrant followed by one-seeded olive-like green fruit ripening to bluish-black.
 Asplenium × gravesii commonly known as Graves' spleenwort is a rare sterile hybrid fern named for Edward Willis Graves (1882–1936). It is formed by the crossing of Bradley's spleenwort (A. bradleyi) with lobed spleenwort (A. pinnatifidum).
 Gynostemma pentaphyllum also called jiaogulan (Chinese: 绞股蓝; pinyin: jiǎogǔlán literally twisting-vine orchid) is a dioecious herbaceous climbing vine of the family Cucurbitaceae (cucumber or gourd family) indigenous to the southern reaches of China northern Vietnam southern Korea and Japan. Jiaogulan is best known as an herbal medicine reputed to have powerful antioxidant and adaptogenic effects purported to increase longevity.
 Eragrostis pectinacea is a species of grass known by the common name Tufted lovegrass. This plant is native to the Americas from Canada to Argentina. It is widespread growing in most open spaces at varying elevations and habitats including in disturbed areas and roadsides.
 Banksia mucronulata commonly known as Swordfish Dryandra is a shrub endemic to Western Australia. It was known as Dryandra mucronulata until 2007 when all Dryandra species were transferred to Banksia by Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele.
 Annona praetermissa (also called Wild Sour Sop) is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Talbotiella gentii is a medium sized forest tree in the Fabaceae family. It is endemic to Ghana. It is threatened by habitat loss and is a species monitored by Ghana as a measure of environmental success in preserve biodiversity in forests.
 Fritillaria pinetorum known by the common names Pinewoods fritillary and Davidson's fritillary is an uncommon species of fritillary. It is endemic to California where it is found in shady mountain forests in the central and southern parts of the state.
 Bulbophyllum ustusfortiter is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Vaccinium ovalifolium (commonly known as Alaska blueberry early blueberry oval-leaf bilberry oval-leaf blueberry and oval-leaf huckleberry) is a plant in the heath family having three varieties all of which grow in northerly regions including the subarctic.
 Quercus robur is commonly known as the English oak or pedunculate oak or French oak. It is native to most of Europe and to Anatolia to the Caucasus and also to parts of North Africa.
 Myrica cerifera is a small tree or large shrub native to North America. Its common names include Southern Wax myrtle Southern Bayberry Candleberry Bayberry tree and Tallow shrub. It sees uses both in the garden and for candlemaking as well as a medicinal plant.
 Eschweilera roraimensis is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.It is found in Brazil and Venezuela.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Berberis pindilicensis is a species of plant in the Berberidaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Narthecium californicum is a species of flowering plant known by the common name California bog asphodel. It is native to the mountains of southern Oregon and northern California where it grows in wet habitat such as streambanks and meadows. It is a rhizomatous perennial monocot producing an erect stem up to about 60 centimeters tall. The base of the plant is surrounded by linear grasslike leaves up to 30 centimeters long.
 Maclurodendron pubescens is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Metrosideros sclerocarpa  commonly known as the Mountain Rose is a flowering plant in the myrtle family. The specific epithet comes from the Greek scleros (“hard”) and karpos (“fruit”) with reference to the woody fruit.
 Labichea is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the sub family Caesalpinioideae.
 Quercus magnoliifolia also known as encino amarillo encino avellano encino bermejo encino blanco encino napis encino prieto and roble is a species of oak indigenous to the country of Mexico in the states of Colima Guerrero Hidalgo Jalisco Mexico state Morelos Nayarit Oaxaca Puebla Sinaloa and Zacatecas.It was classified and described by the French-Spanish botanist Luis Née.
 The Proteaceae /proʊtiːˈeɪsiː/ are a family of flowering plants distributed throughout the Southern Hemisphere. The family comprises about 80 genera with about 1600 species. Together with the Platanaceae and Nelumbonaceae they make up the order Proteales. Well-known genera include Protea Banksia Embothrium Grevillea Hakea Dryandra and Macadamia.
 Actinochloris terrestris is an algae species in the genus Actinochloris.
 Dryadella is a genus of miniature orchids formerly included in the genus Masdevallia. Plants are typically composed of a tuft of leaves from 3 to 6 cm long. The small (1–2 cm) flowers are often conspicuously spotted and are borne at the base of the leaves. There are about 40 species distributed from southern Mexico to southern Brazil and northern Argentina. In cultivation many of the species seem to respond well to being grown on cork or treefern rather than in pots.
 Elaeocarpus apiculatus is a species of flowering plant in the Elaeocarpaceae family.It is found in Malaysia and Vietnam.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Anonodium mannii (Junglesop) is a fast growing tropical African tree that grows to 8-30m high with a girth of up to 2m. It has 20–40 cm long leaves and large flowers which produce edible fruits generally around 4–6 kg but which can be up to around 15 kg. Fruit flavor is rich but variable and is sometimes described as an acquired taste though the fruits are generally in high demand in Africa with large fruits commanding high prices.
 Kalopanax septemlobus common name prickly castor oil tree is a deciduous tree in the family Araliaceae the sole species in the genus Kalopanax. It is native to northeastern Asia from Sakhalin and Japan west to southwestern China. It grows to 30 m tall with a trunk up to 1-1.5 m diameter. The stems are often spiny with stout spines up to 1 cm long.
 Canarium reniforme is a species of plant in the Burseraceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Saltugilia splendens (syn. Gilia splendens) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names Grinnell's gilia and splendid gilia. It is endemic to California where it grows in the chaparral and forests of the southern California Coast Ranges the Transverse Ranges and the San Jacinto Mountains.
 Buddleja 'Mary's White' is an American cultivar of uncertain pedigree. Received as Buddleja yunnanensis 'Alba' it was determined as probably Buddleja davidii by Dirr
 Eugenia pycnoneura is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Nothochelone is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the plantain family containing the single species Nothochelone nemorosa which is known by the common name woodland beardtongue. Originally described as Penstemon nemorosus the plant is very similar in appearance to the penstemons but was separated and placed into its own genus on the basis of slight morphological differences such as winged seeds.
 Porterella is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the bellflower family containing the single species Porterella carnosula which is known by the common name fleshy porterella or simply porterella. It is native to the western United States from California to Wyoming where it grows in moist spots such as ponds or wet grasslands sometimes just at the edge of the water or partially submerged. It is an annual herb producing an erect stem to a maximum height around 30 centimeters.
 Cotoneaster acuminatus (commonly known as acuminate cotoneaster) is a species of flowering plant in the Rosaceae family that is native to the Himalayas. In forests it can be found at elevations of 1300–3000 metres (4300–9800 ft) while on hillsides it is found at 2500–3500 metres (8200–11500 ft). The species has also been introduced to Oregon.
 Ternstroemia howardiana is a species of plant in the Theaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica.
 Minuartia douglasii is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Douglas' stitchwort. It is native to the chaparral and oak woodlands in much of California southern Oregon and parts of Arizona.
 Characiellopsis is a genus of algae in the family Characiaceae.
 Bromus ramosus the hairy brome is a bunchgrass in the grass family Poaceae native to Europe northwest Africa and southwest Asia. The name Bromus comes from the term brome meaning oats.Unlike most other bromes (Bromus sp.) it grows in shady sites under trees.
 Tetracoccus is a plant genus under the family Picrodendraceae. Its name means from Greek four seed (tetra meaning four and kokkos kernel grain).The genus includes Halliophytum I.M.Johnst..
 Ficus thonningii is a species of Ficus. It is native to Africa. Recent phylogenetic analysis suggests several distinct species may be classified as F. thonningii
 Alepidea peduncularis is an edible perennial herb native to the montane grasslands of East and South Africa.
 Kampochloa is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Adenanthera pavonina is a perennial and non-climbing species of leguminous tree. Its uses include food and drink traditional medicine and timber.
 Sagina apetala is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names annual pearlwort and dwarf pearlwort. It is native to Europe and it is known elsewhere as an introduced species including parts of North America. It grows in many types of disturbed habitat such as cracks in the sidewalk. It is a petite annual herb producing a threadlike stem just a few centimeters long spreading or growing erect. The plant is glandular and somewhat hairy.
 Euryomyrtus is a genus of shrubs in the family Myrtaceae all of which are endemic to Australia.Species include:Euryomyrtus denticulata (Maiden & Betche) Trudgen Euryomyrtus inflata Trudgen Euryomyrtus leptospermoides (C.A.Gardner) Trudgen Euryomyrtus maidenii (Ewart & Jean White) TrudgenEuryomyrtus patrickiae TrudgenEuryomyrtus ramosissima (A.Cunn.) Trudgen - Rosy BaeckeaEuryomyrtus recurva Trudgen
 For the genus Rhopalostylis Klotzsch ex. Baill. of the family Euphorbiaceae see its current synonym Dalechampia.Rhopalostylis is a genus of two species of palms native to the South Pacific. Both are smooth-trunked with regular ringed scars from fallen leaves. The leaves are 3–5 m in length and the leaf bases encircle the trunk.
 Dasyphyllum lehmannii is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Albizia pistaciifolia is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
 Sandoricum is a genus of plant in family Meliaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Sandoricum beccarianum Baill. Sandoricum koetjape - Santol tree Sandoricum vidalii Merr.
 Thalia pavonii is a species of plant in the Marantaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Astragalus canadensis is a common and widespread member of the milkvetch genus in the legume family known commonly as Canadian milkvetch. The plant is found throughout Canada and the United States in many habitats including wetlands woodlands and prairies. It sends out several thin erect green stems bearing leaves that are actually made up of pairs of leaflets each leaflet up to 3 centimeters in length.
 Rhino Horn bananas also called Rhino Horn plantains or African Rhino Horn are hybrid banana cultivars from Africa. It produces strongly curved and elongated edible bananas which can grow to a length of two feet making them have the longest fruits among banana cultivars.
 Anthurium tonianum is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Oparanthus rapensis is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in French Polynesia.
 Burmeistera brachyandra is a species of plant in the Campanulaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Cyclamen elegans (= Cyclamen coum subsp. elegans) is a perennial growing from a tuber native to the Alborz Mountains in northern Iran and southeastern Azerbaijan. It is native to forest in the Alborz Mountains of northwestern Iran and extreme southeastern Azerbaijan below 500 m (1600 ft) elevation where it can even be found growing in moss on the lower limbs of trees.It is similar to Cyclamen coum and was once considered a subspecies (Cyclamen coum subsp.
 Badilloa atrescens is a species of flowering plant in the aster family Asteraceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador where it is known from only two locations in the central Andes. It grows in forest habitat between 2000 and 3000 meters in elevation.
 Alfaroa hondurensis is a species of plant in the Juglandaceae family. It is endemic to Honduras.
 Carex specifica is a species of sedge known by the common name narrowfruit sedge.
 Desmatractum is a genus of algae in the family Chlorococcaceae.
 Bulbophyllum drymoglossum is a species of orchid.
 Solanum chloranthum redirects here. This refers to the name as established by Michel Félix Dunal. Other scientists have applied this taxon to other species; see below.Solanum viarum the tropical soda apple is a perennial shrub native to Brazil and Argentina with a prickly stem and prickly leaves. The fruit is golf-ball-sized with the coloration of a watermelon.
 Cojoba arborea (common names include algarrobo ardillo lorito barba de jolote iguano quebracho sang sang tamarindo tambrán tuburús and bahama sibicú) is a leguminous tree of the family Fabaceae found in the Caribbean Mexico and Central America southward to Ecuador in South America at elevations of 0–1300 metres (0–4265 ft).
 The R. celatocaulis is a plant species of the family Araceae.
 Grevillea pteridifolia is a species of Grevillea native to Australia. Common names include silky grevillea Darwin silky oak ferny-leaved silky oak fern-leaved grevillea golden grevillea golden tree and golden parrot tree. It occurs in Western Australia Northern Territory and Queensland.
 Bulbophyllum scaphiforme is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Duthieastrum is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae. The genus name combines the name of South African botanist Augusta Vera Duthie and the Grrek word aster meaning star.
 Pterocactus (from Greek pteron wing referring to the saucer-shaped seed of these plants) is a genus of the cactus family (Cactaceae) comprising 9 species. All Pterocactus have tuberous roots and are endemic to South and Western Argentina. The genus has been given its own tribe the Pterocacteae.
 Plantago amplexicaulis is an annual plant of the family Plantaginaceae and the genus Plantago that grows in dry sand and deserts.P. amplexicaulis is a therophyte a type of plant that survives as seed during unfavourable conditions. In the deserts where P. amplexicaulis lives this results in the desert suddenly bursting into bloom after a rainstorm.
 Erysimum menziesii is a species of wallflower known by the common name Menzies' wallflower. This rare plant is endemic to California. It is found only in the declining beach sand dune habitat in three areas on California coastline in Humboldt Mendocino and Monterey Counties. It is listed as an endangered species on the California state and federal levels. There are three to four subspecies depending on the authority and each is rare.
 Showcase Cinemas is a movie theater chain owned and operated by National Amusements. Operating more than 950 indoor screens in the United States United Kingdom and Latin America.
 Harrisia donae-antoniae is a species of cactus.
 Cryosophila warscewiczii is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family endemic to Central America. It is a tree with palmate leaves growing to 10 meters in height with trunk 10-15 cm. in diameter above its en­larged base. Much of the trunk bears spines transformed from roots.
 Dasypyrum is a genus of annual or perennial grass in the Poaceae family found in Europe Africa and temperate Asia. Culms are erect or decumbent with heights ranging from 10–100 cm. Racemes are single oblong and bilateral and spikelets solitary.
 'Twinkie' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Neoregelia in the Bromeliad family.
 Satyrium macrophyllum is a species of orchid occurring from Kenya to South Africa.
 Galium ruwenzoriense is a member of the family Rubiaceae which grows at the mid-altitudes of 2700 and 4050 meters (8900 - 13300 ft) in northern Sub-Saharan AfricaIt forms vines and spreads vegetatively by means of runners. It climbs attaching to surfaces with rows of small hooks along the edges of its leaves and stemsIt has bristly leaves deep red or even black berries and small light green flowers.
 Leptactina densiflora also known as Leptactinia is a stove shrub from central Africa and can grow from 6 to 12 feet. The plant is a psychedelic containing tetrahydroharmine (also known as leptaflorin) which is a monoamine oxidase inhibitor.
  Ostrya carpinifolia the Hop Hornbeam is a tree in genus Ostrya in the family Betulaceae native to Europe.
 Orthophytum lemei is a species of the genus Orthophytum.
 Rosmarinus /ˌrɒsməˈraɪnəs/ is a small genus of woody perennial herbs with fragrant evergreen needle-like leaves in the family Lamiaceae native to the Mediterranean Basin.
 Agave mckelveyana common name McKelvey's Century Plant is a species endemic to west-central Arizona at elevations of 800-2200 m (2700-7300 feet). Agave mckelveyana is an acaulescent (trunkless) species usually producing a single rosette but sometimes growing suckers. Leaves are up to 40 cm (16 inches) long with spines along the margins and at the tip. The flowering stalk can be up to 5 m (17 feet) tall with yellowish flowers.
 Stenanthium leimanthoides is a poisonous monocot wildflower native to acid montane[citation needed] areas of the eastern United States. It is either treated as a separate species to Stenanthium densum or as a synonym of that species. A common name is pine barren deathcamas.Within the family Melanthiaceae it is placed in the tribe Melanthieae.
 Nelumbonaceae sometimes called the lotus family is a family of flowering plants. While in the past members of the family have been included in the waterlily family Nymphaeaceae it is now widely accepted following molecular studies that the Nelumbonaceae are actually an example of convergent evolution and are highly modified eudicots belonging to the order Proteales their closest living relatives being the plane trees and Proteaceae.
 Ranunculus /ræˈnʌŋkjʊləs/ is a large genus of about 600 species of plants in the Ranunculaceae. Members of the genus include the buttercups spearworts water crowfoots and the lesser celandine.They are mostly herbaceous perennials with bright yellow or white flowers (if white still with a yellow centre); some are annuals or biennials. A few species have orange or red flowers. There are usually five petals but sometimes six numerous or none as in R. auricomus.
 Octomeria crassifolia is a species of orchid found from eastern Ecuador Brazil to Uruguay.
 Pepinia fulgens is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bulbophyllum chrysoglossum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Basiphyllaea is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae) of the Greater Antilles consisting of 4 species.
 Achimenes erecta (syn. A. coccinea) is also known as Cupid's bower Nut orchid and Magic flower. Despite its name Achimenes erecta this plant is a trailing achimenes. It produces a display of bright red flowers and dark green foliage. The reddish green stem carries groups of hairy heart-shaped leaves. The flowers last only a few days but are produced over a period lasting all the way from June to October.
 Thunbergia erecta is a herbaceous perennial climbing plant species in the genus Thunbergia native to western Africa. Common names include bush clockvine andking's-mantle .
 Capsicum pubescens is a species of the genus Capsicum (pepper) known as rocoto (Quechua: ruqutu) and locoto (Aymara: luqutu) which is found primarily in Central and South America. It is known only in cultivation. The species name pubescens means hairy which refers to the hairy leaves of this pepper. The hairiness of the leaves along with the black seeds distinguish this species from others.
 Mediusella is a genus of flowering plant belonging to the Sarcolaenaceae family endemic to Madagascar. Either one or two species are included.
 Ostrya rehderiana (Zhejiang Hop-hornbeam Chinese: 天目铁木; literally Tianmu iron tree) is a tree in the Betulaceae family. It can grow up to 15 metres (49 ft) tall. It is endemic to Zhejiang province in China. The wild population apparently consists of only five trees on Tianmu Mountain and the species is under first-class national protection in China.
 Calamagrostis epigejos common names Wood Small-reed and Bushgrass is a species of grass in the Poaceae family which is native to Europe Eurasia Asia and Africa. It is found from average moisture locales to salt marsh and wet habitats.
 Allophylus bullatus is a species of plant in the Sapindaceae family. It is found in Cameroon Nigeria and São Tomé and Príncipe. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Weinmannia rutenbergii is a species of plant in the Cunoniaceae family endemic to Madagascar. The species is common and has a widespread distribution. It can be found from sea level to the summits at Marojejy National Park. The species does best in open disturbed habitat particularly on roadsides and areas recently burned.
 Timopheev's Wheat (Triticum timopheevii also called Zanduri Wheat) is a tetraploid wheat that has both cultivated and wild forms. The domesticated form is restricted to western Georgia while the wild form (formerly categorized as T. araticum Jakubz.) can be found across south-eastern Turkey north Iraq west Iran and Transcaucasia.Timopheev's wheat is believed to have evolved in isolation from the more common Triticum turgidum and hybrids between T. timopheevii and T.
 Sudachi (Citrus sudachi; Japanese: スダチ or 酢橘) is a small round green Japanese citrus fruit that is a specialty of Tokushima Prefecture in Japan. It is a sour citrus not eaten as fruit but used as food flavoring in place of vinegar.
 Acacia aneura var. major is a perennial tree native to Australia.
 Chorizanthe biloba is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name twolobe spineflower. It is endemic to California where it is known only from the Central Coast Ranges. There are two varieties both of which are uncommon to rare. C. b. var. biloba is known from several areas of the Central Coast Ranges including the foothills of the Santa Lucia Mountains and Diablo Range. It grows erect up to 40 centimeters tall.
 Hovea lanceolata is a shrub in the pea family native to Australia. It grows up to 2 metres tall and is found on rocky areas sandy soils and ridges. Usually growing west of the Great Dividing Range in northern New South Wales and Queensland.The leaves are mostly lanceolate in shape though sometimes elliptic or narrow-oblong. Leaves 3 to 7 cm long. The lower leaf surface is a hairy grey/brown colour. The leaf tip varies; sometimes pointed blunt or notched.
 Usteria Dennst. is a synonym of the Euphorbiaceae genus Acalypha. Usteria Medik. is a synonym of the Hyacinthaceae genus Hyacinthoides.Usteria is a plant genus in the family Loganiaceae. It was established in 1760 by Carl Ludwig Willdenow.Species Usteria guineensis
 Helicia attenuata is a plant in the Proteaceae family. It grows as a shrub or small tree up to 15 metres (50 ft) tall with a trunk diameter of up to 30 centimetres (12 in). The bark is dark brown. Fruit is brown ellipsoid up to 5 centimetres (2 in) long. The specific epithet attenuata is from the Latin meaning drawn out referring to the leaf base. Habitat is forests from sea-level to 1700 metres (5600 ft) altitude. H. attenuata is found in Thailand Malaysia Brunei and Indonesia.
 Peperomia rubropunctulata is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Aa Rchb.f. 1854 is a genus of plants belonging to the family Orchidaceae.Species in this genus can be found growing terrestrially in cold habitats near the snowline in the Andes and also in Costa Rica; they are usually found close to small streams. The elongated inflorescence grows from a basal rosette of leaves terminating in a small white non-resupinate flower. This lip is fringed and hood-shaped. The flower gives off a pungent smell that attracts flies.
 Arctanthemum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Kleinia madagascariensis is a species of Kleinia and the family Asteraceae and endemic to Madagascar.
 Acacia phasmoides commonly known as Phantom Wattle is a shrub species that is endemic to south-eastern Australia. It grows to between 1 and 4 metres high and has phyllodes that are 5 to 12.5 cm long and 1 to 2 mm wide.
 Euphorbia humbertii is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is rocky areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Salvia merjamie is a herbaceous perennial plant that is native to the east African highlands from Ethiopia to Tanzania and also across the Red Sea in Yemen. It grows between 6000 and 13000 feet elevation in grasslands forest edges rocky outcrops basalt slopes and fallow fields. The specific epithet merjamie is derived from meryamiye the Arabian common name for the plant which is shared with other local Salvia species such as Salvia lanigera. The Maasai common name for S.
 Myristica fissurata is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is endemic to Indonesia.
 Rubia peregrina the common wild madder is a herbaceous perennial plant species in the genus Rubia belonging to the Rubiaceae family.
 Tillandsia latifolia is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Ecuador.
 Eremophila dichroantha also known as Bale-hook Eremophila is a shrub which is native to Western Australia. It superficially resembles Broom and usually grows to between 0.6 and 3 metres high. It has blue purple or white flowers which appear between August and November in Australia (late winter to late spring).
 Mentzelia pectinata is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common name San Joaquin blazingstar.
 Eria floribunda is a species of orchid.
 Vriesea heterostachys is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Aeschynomene americana is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by many common names including shyleaf forage aeschynomene American joint vetch (United States and Australia) thornless mimosa (Sri Lanka) bastard sensitive plant (Jamaica) pega pega pega ropa antejuela ronte cujicillo and dormilonga (Latin America).
 Dendrobium tortile is a species of orchid commonly known as the Twisted Dendrobium.
 Bulbophyllum dransfieldii is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Sarracenia flava the yellow pitcher plant is a carnivorous plant in the family Sarraceniaceae. Like all the Sarraceniaceae it is native to the New World. Its range extends from southern Alabama through Florida and Georgia to the coastal plains of southern Virginia North Carolina and South Carolina.
 Canna speciosa (Roscoe) Hook. is a species of the Canna genus belonging to the family Cannaceae a native of the tropical Americas. Introduced to England from South America in 1820 speciosa meaning 'showy'. (Johnson's Gardeners Dictionary 1856). It is a perennial growing to 2m. It is hardy to zone 10 and is frost tender. In the north latitudes it is in flower from August to October and the seeds ripen in October. The flowers are hermaphrodite.
 Pulsatilla koreana the Korean pasque flower (Korean Hal-me-kot 할미꽃) is one species of the genus Pulsatilla. P. koreana is a hairy tufted perennial herb. It is a native perennial plant growing in Korea and used as a traditional Korean herbal medicine.
 'Ostara' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Guzmania in the Bromeliad family.
 The American Elm Ulmus americana 'Iowa State' was discovered by Professor Alexander (Sandy) McNabb of Iowa State University as the sole surviving tree in 40 acres (16 ha) of diseased elm at Burlington.
 Salvia serotina (Littlewoman) is a herbaceous annual that is native to Florida Bermuda the West Indies and Mexico south through Panama growing on moist ground and as a weed in cultivated fields. It is a trailing or bushy plant reaching 18 in (46 cm) tall with aromatic broadly ovate leaves that have scalloped edges .5 to 1.5 in (1.3 to 3.8 cm) long and .375 to .75 in (0.95 to 1.91 cm) wide. The flowers are blue and white.
 Asclepias sullivantii is a species of flowering plant in the milkweed genus Asclepias. Common names include prairie milkweed Sullivant's milkweed and smooth milkweed. It is native to North America where it occurs in the central United States and Ontario in Canada.
 Gilia leptantha is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name fineflower gilia. It is native to California and southern Nevada where it grows in open mountain and desert habitat.
 Salix arbuscula the mountain willow is a low much branched shrub (to 0.7 metres) having a limited distribution in Northern Europe occurring from north Scandinavia eastwards to Siberia. In Scotland it can be found on damp rocky mountain slopes and ledges generally at altitudes above 600 metres rarely outside Perthshire and Argyll.As described in Staceand BSBI Salix arbuscula has the following characteristics: Twigs slightly hairy at first later hairless and dark reddish brown.
 Serapias parviflora is a species of orchid native to the Mediterranean Basin and the Atlantic coast of Europe.
 Arum alpinum commonly known as mountain arum is a member the plant family Araceae. Certain occurrences of this plant in Denmark were previously labelled as the subspecies A. alpinum ssp. danicum but these are now recognized as Arum cylindraceum.
 Bletiinae is a small-sized subtribe of orchids in the subfamily Epidendroideae. The tribe was initially categorized by John Lindley in 1840. Bletiinae has been recognized as a sub-tribe to Arethuseae. However most of its genera were removed in 2005 and the subtribe moved to Epidendreae.
 Neptunia oleracea commonly known in English as water mimosa or sensitive neptunia is pantropical nitrogen-fixing perennial legume. Genus and common name come from Neptune god of the sea in reference to the aquatic habit of some species in the genus.
 Argyrodendron actinophyllum is a large rainforest tree native to eastern Australia. Common names include black booyong blackjack blush tulip oak crowsfoot elm and Mackay tulip oak. The heartwood is coloured pink-brown. One of the most distinctive features of Argyrodendron actinophyllum is the large deep green leaves that radiate out from central stems - hence the name actino=ray phyllum=leaf. Also the trunks form large characteristic buttresses.
 Agrostis densiflora is a species of grass known by the common name California bent grass. It is endemic to the coast of northern and central California where it grows in habitat along the immediate coastline such as dunes and bluffs. It is a perennial grass growing in tufts between 10 and 85 centimeters tall. The small inflorescence is a few centimeters long and is a dense cylindrical array of tiny spikelets each up to about 3 millimeters in length.
 Gonystylus spectabilis is a species of plant in the Thymelaeaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 'Snow In Summer' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Vriesea in the Bromeliad family.
 Thrixspermum centipeda commonly called the Centipede Thrixspermum is a species of orchid occurring from southern China Assam to Malesia.
 Dahlstedtia is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
 Guatteria panamensis is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Panama. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Solanum chacoense is a species of wild potato. It is native to South America where it can be found in Brazil Bolivia Argentina Peru Uruguay and Paraguay. It is one of the most widely distributed wild potato species. It grows as a common weed in disturbed habitat such as crop fields.
 Corymbia aparrerinja (syn. Eucalyptus papuana var. aparrerinja) commonly known as Ghost Gum is an evergreen tree that is native to Central Australia. It grows up to 20 metres in height and has smooth white to cream and pink-tinged bark which sheds seasonally in thin scales. White flowers appear in summer and the fruit are woody brown goblet shaped valved capsules.
 Scorzoneroides or hawkbits is a genus of plants of the daisy family which used to be included in the genus Leontodon s.l. Recent molecular results revealed that Leontodon s.l. is di-phyletic. Therefore the former subgenus Oporinia of the genus Leontodon had to be re-erected as a separate genus.Currently 25 species are recognized within the genus Scorzoneroides.
 Calypsoeae is an orchid tribe in the subfamily Epidendroideae.
 Metroxylon is a genus of monoecious flowering plants in the Arecaceae (palm) family consisting of seven species.
 Calectasia intermedia commonly known as Blue Tinsel-lily is a species of flowering plant in the family Dasypogonaceae. It is native to the states of South Australia and Victoria in Australia.
 Dipodium elegans is an orchid species that is native to Sumatra in Indonesia. The species was formally described in 1900 by Dutch botanist Johannes Jacobus Smith.
 Acokanthera oblongifolia grows as an evergreen shrub or small tree up to 6 metres (20 ft) tall. Its fragrant flowers feature a white tinged pink corolla. Berries are purple when ripe. Vernacular names for the plant include dune poison bush and wintersweet. Habitats are dry forest and coastal thickets. A. oblongifolia is used in local medicinal treatments for snakebites itches and internal worms. The plant has been used as arrow poison.
 Lindleyalis is a genus with seven species of epiphytic orchids native to South America.The species in the genus Lindleyalis were previously included in Pleurothallus. The genus Lindleyalis was published as a segregate in 2004 but this classification is not yet unanimously accepted.
 Arisaema sikokianum (Japanese Jack-in-the-Pulpit) is a herbaceous perennial plant. An unusual woodland plant noted for its unmistakable smoky-purple base snow-white cup and large hood with purple green and white stripes. Found only in moist shaded areas in Japan. It is distantly related to Arisaema triphyllum which is common to eastern United States.
 Minuartia groenlandica the Greenland stitchwort or mountain stitchwort is a rare perennial which grows low to the ground in clumps linked together at the bottom. It has three to five pairs of leaves in a linear opposite pattern along the length of the slender stem. The main stem breaks into one to thirty cymes which each flower separately. The flowers are white and arise five to ten centimeters above the thick foliage. The white flower petals are six to ten millimeters long.
 Stirlingia latifolia commonly known as Blueboy is a plant endemic to Western Australia.
 Cola glabra is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family.It is found only in Nigeria.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ronnbergia is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae subfamily Bromelioideae. Native to South America this genus was named for Auguste Ronnberg Belgian Director of Agriculture and Horticulture in 1874.
 Maurandella is a genus of flowering plants in the plantain family Plantaginaceae. It is sometimes included in Maurandya.
 Pitcairnia lanosisepala is a species of the genus Pitcairnia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Pseuderanthemum is a genus of plant in family Acanthaceae.
 Racosperma is a name proposed for the 980 odd Australian members of the genus Acacia which belong to the subfamily Mimosoideae of the Pea Family Fabaceae first described from Africa by C. F. P. Martius in 1829.The name did not gain wide acceptance and has fallen into disuse following the decision to vote on a new Type species for Acacia which has resulted in the vast majority including all Australian species as Acacia. The decision was not an uncontroversial one.[citation needed]
 Halocarpus kirkii or Monoao was formerly known as Dacrydium kirkii. It is forest tree endemic to New Zealand. When seen at a distance it resembles a small Kauri in its overall appearance. It can be usually distinguished by its juvenile foliage which often remains on the lower branches until the tree grows to approximately 10 metres tall. The tree ultimately reaches a height of about 25 metres with a trunk up to 1 metre thick and grey-brown bark that has a rough pustular texture.
 Gaultheria insipida called chichaja in Spanish is a flowering shrub of the plant genus Gaultheria. The species is native to the Andes; specimens have been found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru.This semi-hardy shrub grows to a height of 1.8–2.4 m (6–8 ft). Its long thin branches bear bright green leaves which may grow up to 7.6 cm (3 in) long.
 Elymus sierrae (orth. var. Elymus sierrus) is a species of wild rye known by the common name Sierra wild rye. It is endemic to the High Sierra Nevada in California and far western Nevada where it grows in coniferous forest and other mountain habitat generally above 2200 metres (7200 ft) in elevation. It is a perennial grass with stems growing 30 to 50 centimeters long and decumbent along the ground at maturity.
 Navia mima is a species of the genus Navia. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Bulbophyllum macraei is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Gustavia santanderiensis is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.It is found in Brazil and Colombia.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bulbophyllum fibrinum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Rhopaloblaste elegans is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is found only in Solomon Islands.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Aponogeton rigidifolius is native to Sri Lanka. In the wild it grows in deep water at temperatures of 68 to 77F (20 - 25C) in sandy soil with the water pH at 7.2.
 Scirpus longii is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common name Long's bulrush. It is native to eastern North America where it is limited to the Atlantic coastal plain.This perennial plant grows from a large rhizome and forms clumps of stems up to 1.5 meters tall. It flowers rarely any time between May and August. The inflorescence is an open cyme of spikelets up to about a centimeter long.This species grows in wetlands such as river banks and bogs.
 Brachyglottis lagopus commonly called mountain daisy or yellow rock daisy is a small flowering plant native to New Zealand. B. Lagopus is a variable species and can have large and very hairy leaves and in other regions it has small leaves. Its flowers are yellow.
 Ternstroemia maclellandiana is a species of plant in the Theaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by Ben Warren.
 Herissantia crispa is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common names bladdermallow and curly abutilon. It is native to the tropical Americas but it can be found throughout the tropical and warmer temperate world as an introduced species and sometimes a weed. This is a perennial or sometimes annual herb growing up to about 1.5 meters in maximum stem length usually taking a trailing or creeping form. It is coated in whitish hairs.
 Falcatifolium taxoides is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family. It is found only in New Caledonia.
 Cryptanthus burle-marxii is a species of the genus Cryptanthus. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Geigeria is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Isoetes bolanderi is a species of quillwort a type of lycopod. Its common name is Bolander's quillwort. This is a primitive aquatic plant native to western North America which grows almost entirely underwater in lakes and other water bodies. It grows from a corm-like stem which remains buried in the mud producing pointed cylindrical leaves approaching 20 centimeters in maximum length. It reproduces via spherical sporangia.
 Malva pusilla also known known as Malva rotundifolia the Low Mallow or the Round-leaved Mallow is an annual and biennial herb species of the Mallow genus Malva in the family of Malvaceae. Malva is a genus that consists of about 30 species of plants. This genus consists of plants named mallows. Mallows grow in many regions including temperate subtropical and tropical areas.
 Glinus lotoides is a species of flowering plant in the family Molluginaceae known by the common names damascisa and lotus sweetjuice. It is native to Eurasia and Africa and it is known in many other places as an introduced species. It is a prostrate to somewhat upright annual herb with a stem up to about 30 or 35 centimeters long and coated in feltlike whitish hairs. The oval or spade-shaped leaves are located in whorls about the stem. Each is a few millimeters to 3 centimeters long.
 Miconia castrensis is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Schönburger also spelled Schoenburger or Schonburger is a variety of grape formally designated Geisenheim 15-114 a crossing developed at Geisenheim Institute for Grape Breeding in Germany and released in 1979 of Pinot noir x (Chasselas x Muscat Hamburg).It is grown now in Germany as well as in England where it is gaining popularity in the early 2000s and is authorized. It can also be found in British Columbia Canada and in western Washington state western Oregon state USA.
 Typhonium jinpingense common name Artist's Aroid is a plant species native to Jingping County Yunnan Province China. It grows in wet fields and on stream banks at elevations of 1000-1600 m.Typhonium jinpingense is a deciduous perennial herb with a tuberous rhizome. It produces 1-3 leaves each heart-shaped to arrowhead-shaped up to 10 cm long. Spathe is egg-shaped green below dark purple above about 13 cm long. Spadix is greenish to yellows about 14 cm long with a purple tip.
 Meryta raiateensis is a species of plant in the Araliaceae family. It is endemic to French Polynesia.
 Lotus wrightii (common name Wright's deervetch) is a plant. The Zuni people apply a poultice of the chewed root to swellings that they believe are caused by being witched by a bullsnake. The plant is found in the Southwestern United States. It is prevalent in Arizona New Mexico Colorado and Utah.
 Coincya monensis is a plant species in the Brassicaceae (mustard family). Coincya monensis is native to western Europe and Morocco but has been introduced in North America.
 Schefflera dolichostyla is a species of plant in the Araliaceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Dalbergia hirticalyx is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Madagascar.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bulbophyllum major is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Cyrtandra oenobarba is a rare species of flowering plant in the African violet family known by the common name shaggystem cyrtandra. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known only from the island of Kauai. It can be found in only three localized areas of the island and there are fewer than 500 individuals remaining in the wild. It was federally listed as an endangered species in 2010.
 Cratylia is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family. It contains the following species: Cratylia argentea Cratylia bahiensis Cratylia hypargyraea Cratylia mollis
 Geissanthus pichinchae is a species of plant in the Myrsinaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Lavatera thuringiaca is a species of Lavatera native to eastern Europe and southwestern Asia from southern Germany south to Italy and east to southern Russia Kazakhstan and Turkey.It is a herbaceous perennial plant growing to 1.8 m tall. The leaves are up to 9 cm long and broad palmately lobed with three or five lobes and downy with greyish hairs.
 Panda is a genus of plant of the family Pandaceae. Chimpanzees are observed to hammer on the nuts of Panda oleosa which are particularly hard to open.The genus includes Porphyranthus Engl.
 Grevillea callichlaena is a shrub species which is endemic to mountainous areas of eastern Victoria in Australia. The species was first formally described in 2005. The species is listed under the name Grevillea sp. aff. miqueliana (Mount Benambra) as Vulnerable in Victoria on the Victorian Department of Sustainability and Environment's Advisory List of Rare Or Threatened Plants In Victoria.
 Sagittaria kurziana common name Strap-leaf sagittaria is an aquatic plant species native to Florida and naturalized in the Mariana Islands. It grows along large springs very often those with high sulfur content and along the banks of watercourses downstream from such springs.Sagittaria kurziana is a perennial herb up to 250 cm tall. It has long narrow flat leaves that float on the surface of the water up to 250 cm long but rarely more than 15 mm wide.
 Eriogonum baileyi is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Bailey's buckwheat. It is native to the western United States where it is a common member of the flora in several types of sandy habitat such as desert and sagebrush. This is an annual herb producing a spreading to erect often wool-coated stem up to about half a meter tall. The rounded woolly leaves are located at the base of the plant. The inflorescence is a branching cyme bearing many clusters of flowers.
 Dilleniaceae is a family of flowering plants. Such a family has been universally recognized by taxonomists. It is known to gardeners for the genus Hibbertia which contains many commercially valuable garden species.
 'Ginoti' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Vriesea in the Bromeliad family.
 Glyphaea tomentosa is a species of flowering plant in the Tiliaceae or Sparrmanniaceae family.It is found only in Mozambique.
 Anubias gigantea is a species belonging to the Aroid genus Anubias. It was first mentioned by Auguste Chevalier in 1920 based on material that he had collected in Guinea. The formal description followed in 1939 by John Hutchinson. It is closely related to A. afzelii basically only differing from that species by the form of the leaf-blade.
 Eugenia capensis is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family.
 In taxonomy the Characiochloridaceae are a family of algae specifically of the Chlamydomonadales.
 Solanum umbelliferum is a species of nightshade known commonly as blue witch nightshade or bluewitch. It can be found in chaparral habitat and low-elevation oak woodlands in California and parts of Baja California and Arizona. It is a small perennial herb or subshrub with dark gray-green oval-shaped leaves on hairy green stems that grow to a maximum height of one meter. It has bright purple or blue frilly flowers with thick yellow anthers at the center.
 The tribe Dipterygeae is one of the subdivisions of the plant family Fabaceae. It was recently recircumscribed to include the following genera: Dipteryx Schreb. Monopteryx Spruce ex Benth. Pterodon Vogel Taralea Aubl.This clade does not currently have a node-based phylogenetic definition.
 Apodasmia similis also known as oioi or jointed wire rush is a plant that is endemic to New Zealand. It is a coastal plant but is also found around peat bogs and hot springs. It flowers from October to December and bears fruit from December to March.
 The Cold-growing Cymbidium (Cymbidium kanran) is a species of orchid.
 Habenaria dentata is a species of orchid native to the Himalaya China India Indochina Thailand and Myanmar.
 Eugenia fajardensis (also called Guayabote de Costa or Fajardo Guayabacón) is a species of plant endemic to Puerto Rico. Today it is limited to the northeastern corner of the island specifically in the municipality of Fajardo within the Northeast Ecological Corridor and to the island-municipalities of Vieques and Culebra.
 Xanthophyllum ferrugineum is a tree in the family Polygalaceae. The specific epithet ferrugineum is from the Latin meaning rust-coloured referring to the inflorescences.
 Heteropappus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Cheilanthes villosa is a species of lip fern whose common name is villous lipfern. This plant is native to the southwestern United States where it grows in rocky mountains and deserts. For example it is found along with the Elephant tree (Bursera microphylla) and other desert species in the Waterman Mountains of southeastern Arizona-(northern Pima County).
 Bruguiera gymnorrhiza (black mangrove Afrikaans: Swart-wortelboom Xhosa: Isikhangati Zulu: Isihlobane) is a small tree up to 10 m high that belongs to the family Rhizophoraceae. It is found on the seaward side of mangrove swamps often in the company of Rhizophora. Its bark is rough and reddish-brown. The tree develops short prop-roots rather than long stilt-roots. Flowers are creamy-white soon turning brown. The sepals are persistent narrow and slightly tapered.
 Xerophyllum asphodeloides is a species of flowering plant in the Melanthiaceae known by the common names turkey beard eastern turkey beard beartongue grass-leaved helonias and mountain asphodel. It is native to the eastern United States where it occurs in the Appalachian Mountains and the Pine Barrens of New Jersey.This species is a rhizomatous perennial herb growing up to 1.5 meters tall. The leaves are threadlike to linear and have serrated edges. They grow up to 50 centimeters long.
 Lepanthes johnsonii is a species of orchid found from Mexico (Chiapas) to Guatemala.
 Bulbophyllum gladiatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 The Baxter's Banksia (Banksia baxteri) also known as Bird's Nest Banksia is a species of shrub in the plant genus Banksia. It occurs along the south coast of Western Australia between Albany and Esperance.A 1980 field study at Cheyne Beach showed it to be pollinated by the New Holland Honeyeater and White-cheeked Honeyeater.Banksia baxteri is serotinous that is it has an aerial seed bank in its canopy in the form of the follicles of the old flower spikes.
 Rughidia is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae family. It contains the following species: Rughidia cordatum Rughidia milleri
 Tabernaemontana gamblei is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family. It is endemic to India.
 Isodendrion hosakae is a rare species of flowering plant in the violet family known by the common names cindercone isodendrion and aupaka. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known from fewer than 1000 individuals on the island of Hawaii. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This is a shrub growing up to about 80 centimeters in maximum height. The lance-shaped leaves are about 2.5 centimeters long.
 Cardamine douglassii (known by the common names Limestone Bittercress and Purple Cress) is a perennial forb native to the eastern United States and Canada that produces white to pink or purple flowers in early spring.
 Onopordum illyricum is a species of thistle known by the common name Illyrian thistle or Illyrian cottonthistle. It is native to southwestern Europe but has been introduced into Australia and California where it has become a noxious weed.The plant is a biennial herb producing an erect branching winged spiny stem known to exceed two meters in maximum height. The spiny leaves may be up to 50 centimeters long and are divided into deep toothed lobes.
 Elaeocarpus dinagatensis is a species of flowering plant in the Elaeocarpaceae family.It is found only in the Philippines.
 Amaranthus cannabinus is also known as salt marsh water hemp or salt marsh pigweed. It is a herbaceous perennial found in most of the eastern United States. It grows from 1 to 3 m in height. It is often mistaken for Amaranthus australis.
 Abies vejarii is a species of fir native to northeastern Mexico in the states of Coahuila and Nuevo León where it grows at high altitudes (2000–3300 m) in the Sierra Madre Oriental.It is a medium-sized evergreen tree growing to 35–40 m tall. The leaves are needle-like moderately flattened 1–2.5 cm long and 1.3–2 mm wide by 1 mm thick grey-green with scattered stomata above and with two greenish-white bands of stomata below. The tip of the leaf is acutely pointed.
 Ceanothus divergens commonly known as Calistoga ceanothus is an evergreen shrub in the Rhamnaceae family an endemic of California.
 Eupatorium sessilifolium commonly called Upland Boneset or Sessile-leaved Boneset is a herbaceous perennial plant in the family Asteraceae. This species is native to eastern North America where it blooms in late summer with white flowers.
 Festuca (fescue) is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the grass family Poaceae (subfamily Pooideae). They are evergreen or herbaceous perennial tufted grasses with a height range of 10–200 cm (4–79 in) and a cosmopolitan distribution occurring on every continent except Antarctica. The genus is closely related to ryegrass (Lolium) and recent evidence from phylogenetic studies using DNA sequencing of plant mitochondrial DNA shows that the genus lacks monophyly.
 Limosella acaulis is a species of flowering plant in the figwort family known by the common name Owyhee mudwort. It is native to western North America from the Pacific Northwest to northern Mexico where it grows in many types of muddy habitat next to water such as pond edges. It is a fleshy annual herb forming low mats in muddy substrate. The flattened leaves are linear to strap-shaped to spoon-shaped and up to 6 centimeters long.
 Dipterocarpus borneensis is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae endemic to Borneo. This is the only Dipterocarpus species that occurs in heath forests.
 Romanoa tamnoides is a species of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae. It is the sole species in the monotypic genus Romanoa. The genus name Romanoa is also used for a fungus.
 Medicago truncatula (Barrel Medic or Barrel Medick or Barrel Clover) is a small annual legume native to the Mediterranean region that is used in genomic research. It is a low-growing clover-like plant 10–60 cm tall with trifoliate leaves. Each leaflet is rounded 1–2 cm long often with a dark spot in the center.
 Oenothera deltoides subsp. howellii the Antioch Dunes Evening Primrose is an endangered subspecies of plant in the family Onagraceae genus Oenothera and species Oenothera deltoides.
 Anthurium angustilaminatum is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hypoxidaceae is a family of flowering plants placed in the order Asparagales of the monocots.The family has only recently been recognized by taxonomists. The APG III system of 2009 (unchanged from the 1998 and 2003versions) does recognize this family. The family consists of probably over half-a-dozen genera totalling some one hundred to two hundred species. The members of the family are small to medium herbs with grass-like leaves and an invisible stem modified into a corm or a rhizome.
 Savagnin Rose or Roter Traminer is a variety of wine grape. It has a pink reddish or brownish red skin colour but is counted as a white wine grape since it does not have the deep purple/blue/black colour of red wine grapes.Savagnin Rose is a member of the Traminer family of grapes and as such is related to both Savagnin Blanc and Gewürztraminer.
 Quercus perpallida is a species of plant in the Fagaceae family. It is endemic to Mexico.
 Entandrophragma caudatum (Sprague) Sprague aka Mountain Mahogany is a large Southern African tree belonging to the Mahogany family and occurring in KwaZulu-Natal Swaziland Limpopo Mpumalanga Botswana Angola the Caprivi Strip Zimbabwe Zambia and Malawi. In the Northern Transvaal specimens rarely grow taller than 10m but in Mozambique although sparsely distributed it can attain 20m in height.
 Orchidinae is one of two subtribes of the tribe Orchideae in the orchid family (Orchidaceae) of flowering plants. It includes the following genera:
 Mollinedia butleriana is a species of plant in the Monimiaceae family. It is endemic to Honduras.
 Syzygium kiahii is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Doryphora sassafras commonly known as Sassafras Yellow- Canary- or Golden sassafras or Golden Deal is a species of evergreen tree of the family Atherospermataceae native to the subtropical and temperate rainforests of eastern New South Wales and Queensland Australia. It is a tall tree with green foliage and contrasting white flowers which occur in Autumn and Winter.
 Acianthera bicarinata is a species of orchid.
 Rhynchospermum is a monotypic genus of flowering plants within the daisy family Asteraceae. It contains the single species Rhynchospermum verticillatum. The genus previously included more species but they have since been reclassified in the Apocynaceae under the generic name Trachelospermum. Some species are used as ornamental plants.
 Alloneuron dorrii is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Viola purpurea is a species of violet which bears yellow flowers. It is known commonly as the goosefoot violet. It is a small plant which bears thick to fleshy toothed or ridged oval leaves which are mostly green but may have a purplish tint to them. The flowers are made up of bright yellow petals the lowermost being streaked or veined with purple and the lateral petals with purplish undersides. There are several subspecies most of which are known by the common name goosefoot violet.
 Horsfieldia fulva is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dendrobium mutabile the Variable Dendrobium is a species of orchid.
 Oxanthera brevipes is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family. It is endemic to New Caledonia.
 Scindapsus is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family consisting of close to 40 species. It is endemic to Asia but can also be found in the Pacific islands. Scindapsus isn't easily distinguishable from Epipremnum. The main difference between the two genera is in the number of seeds they produce. Scindapsus species have one ovule in each ovary whereas Epipremnum species have a few. The seeds of Scindapsus are rounded to slightly kidney-shaped.
 Tillandsia brenneri is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Croton subaemulans is a species of plant of the genus Croton and the family Euphorbiaceae.
 Anubias barteri var. caladiifolia was first described by Adolf Engler in 1915.
 Matteuccia struthiopteris (common names ostrich fern or shuttlecock fern) is a crown-forming colony-forming fern occurring in temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere in eastern and northern Europe northern Asia and northern North America. The species epithet struthiopteris comes from Ancient Greek words struthio meaning ostrich and pterion meaning wing.It grows from a completely vertical crown favoring riverbanks and sandbars but sends out lateral stolons to form new crowns.
 Cinnamomum osmophloeum commonly known as pseudocinnamomum or indigenous cinnamon is a medium-sized evergreen tree in the genus Cinnamomum. It is native to broad-leaved forests of central and northern Taiwan.Cinnamaldehyde an essential oil extracted from C. osmophloeum has numerous commercial uses. Also it is a xanthine oxidase inhibitor hence a potential drug for treatment of hyperuricemia and related medical conditions including gout.
 Osmunda bromeliifolia is a fern in the genus Osmunda section Plenasium.It can be found in the Philippines.
 Penstemon bicolor is a species of penstemon known by the common name pinto beardtongue. It is native to the desert mountains and valleys of southern Nevada eastern California and western Arizona where it grows in scrub woodland and other local habitat. It is a perennial herb which may exceed one meter in maximum height. The thick serrated leaves are oppositely arranged and some pairs are fused around the stem at the bases.
 Blancoa is a genus with a single species of perennial herb in the family Haemodoraceae endemic to the south west of Western Australia.The sole species in the genus is Blancoa canescens Winter Bell. It has nodding red to pink flowers clumping habit and grows to around 40 cm in height.The genus is named after Francisco Manuel Blanco a Spanish friar and botanist.
 Ulmus 'Regal' is an American hybrid elm cultivar developed by the University of Wisconsin–Madison and released in 1983. 'Regal' was derived from seeds arising from the crossing of the Dutch hybrid clones 'Commelin' and '215' (Ulmus pumila × 'Hoersholmiensis') sent in 1960 by Hans M. Heybroek of the De Dorschkamp Research Institute in the Netherlands.
 Ulex minor Dwarf Furze or Dwarf Gorse is an evergreen dwarf shrub in the family Fabaceae native to eastern England France Spain and Portugal. It is restricted to lowland heathland habitats.It normally grows about 30 centimetres (10 in) tall although in shaded ungrazed conditions it may reach 1 metre (40 in). It is a low-growing shrub forming small bushes or often growing mingled with heather.
 Cissus anisophylla is a plant species known from lowland rainforests of Panamá Colombia Chiapas Brazil Perú Costa Rica and Ecuador.Cissus anisophylla is a liana climbing over other vegetation by means of branched tendrils. Stems are round in cross-section hairless. Leaves are broadly ovate up to 14 cm long and 10 cm across. Flowers are green about 5 mm in diameter borne in compound cymes up to 6 cm across with minutely hairy peduncles.
 Geum montanum Alpine avens is a flowering plant species native to Europe.Geum montanum roots have been used in the traditional Austrian medicine internally as tea for treatment of rheumatism gout infections and fever.
 Aechmea maculata is an evergreen plant species in the family Bromeliaceae and the genus Aechmea. It is native to Brazil and is grown as an ornamental plant. It has yellow flowers and the ends of the bracts are sharply angled with a v shape.
 Baldellia is a genus of aquatic plants commonly known as lesser water-plantains. It includes two species found in Europe and occasionally in northern Africa. The genus is named in honor of the Italian nobleman Bartolomea Bartoloni-Baldelli. Baldellia is very close to Echinodorus botanically and may be included in that genus after further investigations.
 Cassinia tenuifolia commonly known as Bully bush is a dense bushy shrub in the Asteraceae family endemic to Lord Howe Island. It is a pioneer species and is often used for land revegetation.
 Verticordia eriocephala is a woody shrub that occurs in Western Australia. The name is given for wooly appearance of the flowerheads taken from the Greek erion and cephale and has also been commonly referred to as Lambswool and Common Native or Wild Cauliflower.The shrub is erect and may attain a height of 2 metres spreading from the main stem from 150 mm to 1.5 m across. The species may flower after attaining a height of only 100 mm.
 Nepenthes boschiana (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˌbɒʃiˈɑːnə/; after Johannes van den Bosch) or Bosch's Pitcher-Plant is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to Borneo. It is most closely allied to N. faizaliana. Nepenthes borneensis is considered a synonym of this species. Nepenthes boschiana has no known natural hybrids. No valid forms or varieties have been described. Nepenthes boschiana belongs to the loosely defined N. maxima complex which also includes among other species N. chaniana N. epiphytica N.
 Betula occidentalis (Water Birch also known as Red Birch) is a species of birch native to western North America in Canada from Yukon east to western Ontario and southwards and in the United States from eastern Washington east to western North Dakota[citation needed] and south to eastern California northern Arizona and northern New Mexico and southwestern Alaska. It typically occurs along streams in mountainous regions.
 The Chinese Elm Ulmus parvifolia cultivar 'Stone's Dwarf' was commercially released in 1978
 Crataegus punctata is a species of hawthorn known by the common names dotted hawthorn or white haw that is native to most of the eastern U.S. and eastern Canada. While some sources claim it is the state flower of Missouri the actual legislation does not identify an exact species.
 The Chinese Elm Ulmus parvifolia Jacq. cultivar 'Drake' was marketed by the Monrovia Nursery of Azusa California from 1952-53.
 Ambrosia ilicifolia is a species of ragweed known by the common names Hollyleaf Burr Ragweed and Hollyleaf Bursage. It is native to the deserts and mountains of western Arizona and the adjacent Sonoran Desert areas of southeastern California and Baja California. It grows in dry washes scrub and other local habitat.
 Kōlea lau nui (Myrsine lessertiana) is a species of colicwood that is endemic to Hawaiʻi. It inhabits dry coastal mesic mixed mesic and wet forests at elevations of 210–1220 m (690–4000 ft) on all main islands. M. lessertiana is a small to medium-sized tree reaching a height of 18 m (59 ft) and a trunk diameter of 0.3–0.6 m (0.98–1.97 ft).
 California greenbriar (Smilax californica) is a common woody vine native to California and Oregon in the western United States.The leaves are dull green petioled alternate and circular to heart-shaped. They are generally 5–10 cm long. The stems are round green and have sharp spines.The plant is native to coniferous streambanks below 5000 feet.
 Valonia ventricosa also known as bubble algae and sailors' eyeballs is a species of algae found in oceans throughout the world in tropical and subtropical regions. It is arguably the largest single-cell organism.
 Dalbergia chlorocarpa is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Madagascar.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 St. Pepin is a modern hybrid variety of wine grape mostly grown in North America. It produces grapes suitable for making fruity white wines similar to Riesling or as a base for blended wines. The grapes also make a good seeded table grape for eating. It has the benefits of early ripening and when hardened properly in the fall it is winter hardy to at least −25 °F (−32 °C). As such it best suited to growing in more northern climates.St.
 Ferrocalamus strictus (iron bamboo) is a species of mountain bamboo. The genus Ferrocalamus is monotypic. Endemic to China the plant is known uniquely from Yunnan's southern areas from 900 to 1200 m above the sea level.
 Bidens laevis is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names bur-marigold and smooth beggarticks. It is native to the southern half of the United States where it grows in wetlands including estuaries and riverbanks. It is similar in appearance to its relative Bidens cernua and the two are sometimes confused. This is an annual or perennial herb growing over 20 centimeters tall and sometimes much taller exceeding one meter in height and sometimes approaching two.
 Mentha laxiflora (Forest Mint) is native to moist woodland in eastern Australia.
 Aechmea zebrina is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is native to Ecuador.
 Eugenia amplifolia is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica.
 Nephelium costatum is a species of plant in the Sapindaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Heynea is a genus of trees in the family Meliaceae. Their range is in East and Southeast Asia.
 Wyethia is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family commonly referred to as mule's ears.
 Restrepia muscifera commonly known as the Fly-carrying Restrepia is a species of orchid.The epithet 'muscifera' is a Latin word meaning 'fly bearing'. This is an allusion to the appearance of the flower.It is a tiny cespitose orchid occurring from southern Mexico to Colombia and a few scattered spots in Peru found in tropical and montane rainforests at altitudes between 300 and 2300 m.This epiphytic orchid lacks pseudobulbs.
 Vriesea capixabae is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Quercus copeyensis is a species of oak endemic to the Talamancan montane forests of Costa Rica and Panama. It is often found with Quercus costaricensis in the upper montane forests to 3100 metres (10200 ft) elevation.
 Corydalis nobilis (Siberian corydalis) is a perennial plant native to Siberia Xinjiang and Kazakhstan. It was introduced to Europe by Linnaeus who had asked his friend Erich Laxmann for seeds of Lamprocapnos spectabilis (old-fashioned bleeding heart) but was sent seeds of C. nobilis instead. Both Lamprocampnos and Corydalis are members of the Papaveraceae family with seeds having an attached elaiosome that makes them attractive to ants which disperse the seeds.
 Schoenoplectus subterminalis (syn. Scirpus subterminalis) is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common names water bulrush and swaying bulrush. It is native to North America where it is known from many areas across Canada and the United States. It grows in moist and wet habitat and often grows in shallow water sometimes entirely submerged. It is a perennial herb forming mats or tufts of very narrow cylindrical stems easily exceeding one meter long.
 Iris milesii is a native of Northwest India with another population possible in China though there have been no recent sightings there. It grows on forest edges open groves and damp places. The pale reddish flowers are 7 to 8 cm (2.8 to 3.1 in) in diameter blooming in April-May.
 Gyrocaryum oppositifolium is a species of plant in the Boraginaceae family. It is endemic to Spain. Its natural habitats are Mediterranean Matorral shrubland and temperate bunchgrass-grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sesleria albicans is a species of perennial grass in the Poaceae family which can be found throughout Europe.
 Drosera indica is an insectivorous plant a sundew native to tropical countries throughout the world from Australia and Asia to Africa but absent from the neotropics. Together with D. hartmeyerorum it makes up the section Arachnopus.
 Anthyllis is a genus of plants in the family Fabaceae. This genus contains both herbaceous and shrubby species and is distributed in Europe the Middle East and North Africa. The most widespread and familiar species is A. vulneraria (kidney vetch) a familiar grassland flower which has also been introduced to New Zealand.Anthyllis species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including the following case-bearers of the genus Coleophora: C. acanthyllidis C.
 Aechmea calyculata is a species of the genus Aechmea.
 Primula sinensis the Chinese primrose or 藏报春 (zang bao chun) in Chinese is a plant species in the genus Primula.Primulin is an anthocyanin found in P. sinensis.
 Farfugium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae native to streams and seashores in eastern Asia. They are rhizomatous evergreen perennials with rounded leathery leaves and bright yellow flowers in autumn and winter. Species include Farfugium japonicum with variegated cultivars for use in horticulture.
 Lathyrus torreyi (also known as Torrey's peavine and redwood pea) is a perennial legume native to wooded regions of the West Coast of the United States. It ranges from as far north as Pierce County Washington and south to Monterey California. It sprouts bluish flowers that range from 8 to 13 millimeters in length.
 Coccothrinax barbadensis (latanier latanier balai) is a palm found in the Lesser Antilles (and Trinidad and Tobago. Like other members of the genus Coccothrinax C. barbadensis is a fan palm. The leaves are widely used to thatch roofs.The species is found in Antigua Barbados Barbuda Dominica Guadeloupe Marie Galante Martinique Saint Lucia and Trinidad and Tobago.
 The Ulvophyceae or ulvophytes are a class of green algae distinguished mainly on the basis of ultrastructural morphology life cycle and molecular phylogenetic data. The sea lettuce Ulva belongs here. Other well-known members include Caulerpa and Acetabularia.The Ulvophytes are diverse in their morphology and their habitat. Most are seaweeds such as those listed above.
 Struthanthus is a genus of plant in family Loranthaceae. It contains numerous species including: Struthanthus lojae Kujit
 Glochidion manono is a species of plant in the Phyllanthaceae family. It is endemic to French Polynesia.
 Began Phali also known as Banganapalli is one of the most common cultivars of mango (Mangifera indica) grown in the Indian subcontinent particularly in India and Pakistan. It is named after the town of Banganapalle in Andhra Pradesh India.The fruit is described as obliquely oval in shape around 14 cm in length with yellow flesh and a thin smooth yellow skin. The flesh is of a firm meaty texture and is sweet and lacking in fibres. The cultivar is the most sought after in Andhra Pradesh.
 Rapini (commonly marketed in English as broccoli raab or rabe /rɑːb/) is a green cruciferous vegetable. The edible parts are the leaves buds and stems. The buds somewhat resemble broccoli but do not form a large head. It is known for its slightly bitter taste and is particularly associated with Italian Galician and Portuguese cuisines.
 'Special Effects' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Neoregelia in the Bromeliad family.
 Polygonatum verticillatum or Whorled Solomon's-seal is a plant species of the genus Polygonatum.
 Leea (Tagalog: Talyantan) is a genus of plants that are distributed throughout Northern and eastern Australia New Guinea South and Southeast Asia and parts of Africa. Leea contains approximately 70 species and is placed in the Vitaceae family. The APG II system places Leea in the subfamily Leeoideae (Vitaceae). Leea is often placed in its own family Leeaceae based on morphological differences between it and Vitaceae.
 Fritillaria maximowiczii is a plant species known from northeastern China (Hebei Heilongjiang Jilin Liaoning) and eastern Russia (Chita Amur Khabarovsk Primorye).Fritillaria maximowiczii is a bulb-producing perennial up to 60 cm tall. Leaves are whorled linear to lanceolate up to 10 cm long. Flowers are nodding reddish-purple with yellow markings.
 Parasenecio hastatus (Chinese: 山尖子 shānjiānzi) is a flowering plant species in the genus Parasenecio found in China and East Asia. It contains toxic pyrrolizidine alkaloids.
 Calochortus monanthus is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common names single-flowered mariposa lily and Shasta River mariposa lily. It is presumed extinct having been collected and documented once over a century ago and never found again. The single known specimen was collected by botanist Edward Lee Greene from a meadow on the banks of the Shasta River near Yreka California in June of 1876.
 Tiquilia canescens (Woody crinklemat) is a perennial shrub in mid- to lower-elevation desert regions in the Boraginaceae family - Borage or the Forget-me-nots. It is found in the southwestern United States and Northern Mexico in the states of California Nevada Arizona Utah New Mexico Texas Chihuahua Sonora and Baja California.
 Collinsia childii is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Child's blue-eyed Mary. It is endemic to California where it grows in the mountains of the Sierra Nevada and the southern Coast Ranges. It grows in woodland and shady forest habitat. This is an annual herb producing an erect branching stem up to about 35 centimeters tall coated in glandular hairs. The leaves are oblong flat and sometimes slightly toothed.
 Ficus americana commonly known as the West Indian laurel fig or Jamaican cherry fig is a tree in the family Moraceae which is native to the Caribbean Mexico in the north through Central and South America south to southern Brazil. It is an introduced species in Florida USA. The species is variable; the five recognised subspecies were previously placed in a large number of other species.
 Astronidium inflatum is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Fiji.
 Gilbertiodendron robynsianum is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Ivory Coast.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phyllostachys bambusoides commonly called Madake Giant Timber Bamboo or Japanese Timber Bamboo is a bamboo species in the genus Phyllostachys. Madake is typically known for being the most common type of bamboo used in the making of shakuhachi flutes and is utilized in numerous Japanese as well as Chinese arts and crafts.
 Genoplesium is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Gilberta is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Diospyros maingayi is a tree in the Ebenaceae family. It grows up to 30 metres (100 ft) tall. The twigs dry black. Inflorescences bear up to four flowers. The fruits are oblong to ellipsoid up to 5 cm (2 in) long. The tree is named for British botanist A. C. Maingay. Habitat is peat swamp and other lowland forests. D. maingayi is found in Sumatra Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.
 Ilex urbaniana known commonly as the Urban's holly is a species of tree or shrub in the Aquifoliaceae or holly family of flowering plants. It is found on Hispaniola Puerto Rico and Tortola British Virgin Islands.
 Aponogeton distachyos or Aponogeton distachyum also known as Waterblommetjie (lit. trans. water-floret) Cape-pondweed Water Hawthorn Vleikos and Cape Pond Weed is an aquatic flowering plant.
 Vernonia zollingerianoides is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family that is endemic to Indonesia.
 Pleurothallis oxapampae is a species of orchid from Peru first described by Hugo Gunckel Lüer in 1982.
 Bulbophyllum tekuense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Ageratina herbacea is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names fragrant snakeroot and Apache snakeroot. It is native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico where it grows in several habitat types. This is a perennial herb growing a green fuzzy stem from a woody caudex to heights between about 50 and 70 centimeters. The leaves are yellow to green or grayish and are triangular to heart-shaped.
 Protorhus is a small genus of Afrotropical trees in the Mango family.
 Epilobium cleistogamum is a species of willowherb known by the common name selfing willowherb. This plant is endemic to central California where it is a resident of vernal pools and mudflats. It is a small annual plant with fuzzy pointed green leaves. Some of the leaves have hairs which are knobby and gland-tipped. The flowers are usually cleistogamous that is they self-pollinate without opening. Some of the flowers do open to reveal pinkish-purple to nearly white deeply notched petals.
 Grolleau or Grolleau noir is a red French wine grape variety grown primarily in the Loire Valley of France. The name is derived from the French word grolle meaning crow and is said to reflect the deep black berries of the Grolleau vine. The grape is most commonly made into rosé wine particularly when it is grown in the Anjou region where is the primarily grape of the Rosé d'Anjou wine. Grolleau wines tend to be low in alcohol and have high acidity.
 Vriesea cacuminis is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Sesbania grandiflora (syn. Aeschynomene grandiflora Agati grandiflora) also known as agati or hummingbird tree/scarlet wisteria is a small tree in the genus Sesbania.
 Loesenera kalantha is a species of large shrub to medium size tree in the Fabaceae family.It is found in Côte d'Ivoire and Liberia.
 Dryopteridaceae is a family of leptosporangiate ferns in the order Polypodiales. They are known colloquially as the wood ferns. They comprise about 1700 species and have a cosmopolitan distribution. They may be terrestrial epipetric hemiepiphytic or epiphytic. Many are cultivated as ornamental plants. The largest genera are Elaphoglossum (600) Polystichum (260) Dryopteris (225) and Ctenitis (150). These four genera contain about 70% of the species.
 Bakerella is genus of sixteen showy mistletoe species in Madagascar and the Mascarenes. The genus was described by the Belgian botanist Simone Balle in Flora de Madagascar 1964. In some parts of Madagascar they are an important food source for lemurs.
 Eschweilera rabeliana is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.It is found only in Brazil.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Wallenia xylosteoides is a species of plant in the Myrsinaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dresslerella archilae is a species of orchid.
 Myrcianthes pungens is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Trigonosciadium brachytaenium is a plant endemic to Iran. It is commonly called Golparak (گلپرک in Persian).
 Joannesia is a genus of only 2 species from the family Euphorbiaceae.
 × Odontonia abbreviated as Odtna. in the horticultural trade is the nothogenus for intergeneric orchid hybrids including the two orchid genera Miltonia and Odontoglossum (Milt. × Odm.).
 Choerospondias is a genus of plants with two species belonging to the family Anacardiaceae.
 Juniperus przewalskii (Przewalski's Juniper) is a species of juniper native to the mountains of western China in Gansu Qinghai and northernmost Sichuan growing at altitudes of 1000-3300 m.It is an evergreen tree reaching 15-20 m tall. The leaves are of two forms juvenile needle-like leaves 4-10 mm long and adult scale-leaves 1.5-3 mm long on shoots 1.2-1.5 mm thick. Juvenile leaves are found mainly on seedlings but continue to be produced on scattered shoots on mature trees.
 Asteriscus maritimus is a herbaceous perennial in the family Asteraceae. The species is native to the Canary Islands southern Portugal the western Mediterranean and Greece. It grows up to 30 cm high and 45 cm in width and produces yellow daisy flowers with darker yellow centres.
 Calopappus is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family Asteraceae containing the single species Calopappus acerosus. It is endemic to central Chile where it occurs in the Andes.
 Impatiens platypetala is variable species of perennial Impatiens discovered on the island of Java and widespread throughout Indonesia. It reaches 1 m (3.3 ft) high with bright orange flowers that have a white eye in the center. The ovate to lanceolate-ovate leaves are 5 to 12 cm (2.0 to 4.7 in) long. It produces the anthocyanin aurantinidin.
 Epacris is a genus of about 35–40 species of flowering plants in the family Ericaceae though formerly often treated in a separate family Epacridaceae. The genus is native to eastern and southeastern Australia (southeast Queensland south to Tasmania and west to southeast South Australia) New Caledonia and New Zealand. The species are known as heaths or Australian heaths.Epacris Impressa ranges from 1 to 3 m in height.
 Tabebuia roseo-alba known as White Ipê ipê-branco or lapacho blanco is a tree native to Cerrado and Pantanal vegetation in Brazil but also appears in Argentina (especially in the Esteros del Ibera wetlands) and more rarely in Paraguay. This plant is frequently used as an ornamental plant and honey plant in Brazil and Argentina.
 Gynura procumbens (Sabuñgai) is a vine found in the Philippines the Malay Archipelago Thailand and Indo-China. Leaves are ovate-elliptic or lanceolate 3.5 to 8 centimeters long and 0.8 to 3.5 centimeters wide. Flowering heads are panicled narrow yellow and 1 to 1.5 centimeters long.
 Psathyrotes ramosissima is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name turtleback or velvet turtleback. It is native to the southwestern United States where it grows in desert scrub habitat. It is a low neatly mounded plant producing spreading stems which are hairless to densely woolly in texture. Leaves are borne on long petioles. The leaf blade is variable in shape generally roughly rounded and up to 2 centimeters long.
 Rollinia occidentalis is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is found in Argentina and Bolivia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Calycocorsus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Pelecyphora is a genus of cacti comprising 2 species. They originate from Mexico.Pelecyphora is known for its medicinal properties and may have been utilized as a psychoactive in the same way as Lophophora williamsii. It is known as Peyotillo.[citation needed]
 Opal is the brand name for a variety of apple produced by crossing Golden Delicious with Topaz. Developed by the Institute of Experimental Botany in Prague and FruitSelect in 1999 it is grown by Broetje Orchards in Washington and marketed by the First Fruits company. It is also cultivated in Austria the Netherlands and France. Opal is a varietal cultivar accepted under UEB 3264/2 by the Community Plant Variety Office of the European Union.
 Tillandsia ehlersiana is a species of the genus Tillandsia.
 Sphaeradenia is a genus of plant in family Cyclanthaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Sphaeradenia brachiolata R.Erikss. Sphaeradenia laucheana (Sander ex Mast.) Harling Sphaeradenia sanctae-barbarae Harling Sphaeradenia versicolor R.Ekriss.
 Crataegus canbyi is a hawthorn that is sometimes considered to be a synonym of C. crus-galli.
 Eriastrum abramsii is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Abrams' woollystar. It is endemic to California where it is known from the hills of the Coast Ranges in and around the San Francisco Bay Area. It is an annual herb producing a thin usually woolly stem up to about 15 centimeters tall. The leaves are divided into several narrow threadlike linear lobes. The inflorescence is a woolly cluster of narrow leaflike bracts laced with webby fibers.
 Tillandsia brachycaulos is a species of the genus Tillandsia.
 Saniella is a flowering plant genus in the family Hypoxidaceae native to South Africa and Lesotho. Two species are recognised:Saniella occidentalis (Nel) B.L.Burtt -- Cape ProvinceSaniella verna Hilliard & B.L.Burtt -- Cape Province and Lesotho↑ ↑
 Drosera huegelii the bold sundew is an erect perennial tuberous species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia. It grows in sandy soils in winter-wet depressions and margins of swamps and occurs along the south-west coast of Australia. D. huegelii produces small bell-shaped leaves along an erect stem that can be 10–50 cm (4–20 in) tall. White to cream-coloured flowers emerge from June to September.D.
 Haemodorum coccineum (bunyagutjagutja bloodroot scarlet bloodroot red root) is a flowering plant in the same family as Kangaroo Paw.
 The Ehrhartoideae is a subfamily of the true grass family Poaceae. It includes the major crop plants commonly called rices.
 Cryptostylidinae is an orchid subtribe in the tribe Diurideae.
 Nemophila menziesii known commonly as baby blue eyes is an annual herb native to California Oregon and Baja California. It is a spring wildflower with three varieties two of which bear blue flowers. It is also cultivated in gardens. It can occasionally be found outside its native range as an introduced species in Alaska for example.It grows virtually throughout California at heights from sea level up to almost 6500 feet (2000 meters). It grows in many types of habitat.
 Nassella (needlegrass) is a New World genus of over 100 perennial bunchgrasses found from North America through South America. The Latin word nassa refers to a basket with a narrow neck. It is usually considered segregate from the genus Stipa and includes many New World species formerly classified in that genus. As of 2011 The Jepson Manual includes Nassella within Stipa.Nasella is characterized by strongly overlapping lemma margins and reduced veinless paleas.
 Cucumeropsis mannii is a member of the Cucurbitaceae family. Vernacular names for this crop include egusi-itoo and white seed melon. This crop is often referred to as “the real egusi” given its long history in West Africa dating back 4000 years. This crop is primarily harvested for its large white seeds called egusi-itoo. The seeds are commonly processed into soups and oil products and are also eaten individually as a snack. Benefits of Cucumeropsis mannii crops are many.
 Ptilimnium is a genus of plants of the family Apiaceae. The common name is mock bishopweed or mock bishop's weed.
 Muhlenbergia mexicana known by the common names Mexican muhly and Wirestem muhly is a species of grass. It is native to North America including most of the United States and southern Canada. It actually does not occur in Mexico.
 Gilletiodendron glandulosum is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Mali.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Psyllium seed husks also known as ispaghula isabgol or psyllium are portions of the seeds of the plant Plantago ovata (genus Plantago) a native of India and Pakistan. They are hygroscopic which allows them to expand and become mucilaginous. Psyllium seed husk are indigestible and are a source of soluble dietary fiber. They are used to relieve constipation irritable bowel syndrome and diarrhea.
 Alectryon oleifolius commonly known as the Boonaree or inland rosewood is a species of small tree of the soapberry family Sapindaceae native to Australia.
 Iris germanica the German Iris is a species in the genus iris.
 Acalypha is a genus of flowering plants in the family Euphorbiaceae. It is the sole genus of the subtribe Acalyphinae. It is one of the largest euphorb genera with approximately 450 to 462 species. The genus name Acalypha is from the Greek akalephes (nettle) and was inspired by the nettle-like leaves. General common names include copperleaf.The genus is distributed mainly in the tropics and subtropics with about 60% of species native to the Americas and about 30% in Africa.
 Miconia fuliginosa is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Myristica philippensis is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is endemic to the Philippines.
 Artemisia lactiflora (white mugwort) is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family native to Western China. It is a vigorous clump-forming herbaceous perennial growing to 1.5m with plumes of creamy-white flower heads appearing in Summer and Autumn above dark green leaves. This is the only artemisia which is cultivated as much for its flowers as for its foliage.
 Prunus carolinae is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family. It is endemic to Colombia.
 Boschniakia is a small genus of three species of parasitic plant in the broomrape family. They are known commonly as groundcones and they are native to western North America and extreme northeastern Asia. Groundcones are holoparasitic meaning they depend entirely on a host plant for nutrients and contain little or no chlorophyll. These plants often parasitize alders but they are found on many other plants. B. hookeri may be found on salal and huckleberries and B.
 Symplocos is a genus of flowering plants in the order Ericales containing about 250 species native to Asia Australia and the Americas.Symplocos species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including engrailed moths.
 Allium diabolense common name serpentine onion or devil's onion is a species of wild onion endemic to central California where it is known from the Coast Ranges and the Transverse Ranges. It grows on serpentine soils at elevations from 500–1500 m from Kern and Ventura Counties north to Stanislaus and Santa Clara Counties.Allium diabolense grows from a reddish brown bulb just over a centimeter long. It produces a stem up to 20 centimeters tall and one leaf which is longer than the stem.
 Euclea racemosa (the Sea Guarrie or Dune Guarrie) is a small to medium-sized evergreen tree that is indigenous to the coastal areas of South Africa. It has leathery foliage that can be exceptionally even and dense - making it an ideal plant for hedges. A dioecious tree (male and female flowers on separate trees) it produces small white flowers which are followed by red purple and black fruits that attract birds.The berries are used locally to make Guarrie vinegar.
 Beech (Fagus) is a genus of deciduous trees in the family Fagaceae native to temperate Europe Asia and North America. Recent classification systems of the genus recognize ten to thirteen species in two distinct subgenera Engleriana and Fagus. The Engleriana subgenus is found only in East Asia and is notably distinct from the Fagus subgenus in that these beeches are low-branching trees often made up of several major trunks with yellowish bark.
 Chionanthus sabahensis grows as a tree up to 13 metres (40 ft) tall with a trunk diameter of up to 10 centimetres (4 in). The bark is green. The flowers are greenish white. Habitat is montane forest from 1350 metres (4400 ft) to 2200 metres (7200 ft) altitude. C. sabahensis is endemic to Borneo.
 Calathea veitchiana is a species of plant in the Marantaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.The plant was discovered near Cuenca by the Victorian plant collector Richard Pearce in 1862 and named in honour of his employers James Veitch & Sons.
 The Swenson Red is a firm meaty red table grape with a unique fruity flavor with strawberry notes. This was the first grape released from the breeding efforts of Elmer Swenson and is a favorite among grape breeders and hobbyists. Though it is known as a red its actual color changes depending on climate. In cooler areas it will be blue and in very warm areas it will be a translucent green.
 Xerochrysum subundulatum (commonly named the Alpine Everlasting or Orange Everlasting) is a flowering plant in the family Asteraceae native to Australia growing in Victoria New South Wales and Tasmania.It is an ascending or erect annual. The plant normally grows to about 60 cm in height and is usually simple or few-branched. Inflorescence bracts are papery and golden-yellow in colour.
 Gastrochilus intermedius is a species of orchid growing in China (South East Sichuan) North East India Thailand and Vietnam.
 Eriodictyon traskiae is a species of flowering plant in the waterleaf family known by the common names Pacific yerba santa and Trask's yerba santa.
 Gahnia (sawsedge saw-sedge) is a genus of sedges found in Australia New Zealand and a number of Pacific Islands. The common name is due to the toothed margins. It often forms tussocks.
 Neottia banksiana is a species of orchid known by the common name northwestern twayblade. It was formerly placed in the genus Listera but molecular phylogenetic studies have shown that Neottia nidus-avis the bird's-nest orchid evolved within the same group and all species of Listera have been moved to Neottia.
 Billbergia lymanii is a species of the genus Billbergia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Hulsea is a small genus of flowering plants in the daisy family known commonly as the alpinegold genus. Alpinegolds are annual or perennial herbs native to western North America. They produce stout erect stems which may be fuzzy hairy or quite woolly. They are leafy especially toward the base of the stem. At the top of the stem they bear small daisylike flower heads with ray florets in shades of yellow to reddish-orange around a center packed with disc florets.
 Hymenonema is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Raphanus is a genus within the flowering plant family Brassicaceae. Two or three species are currently classified in Raphanus.[citation needed] They include the cultivated radish Raphanus sativus and the common wild radish or jointed charlock Raphanus raphanistrum. Some authors accept the podding or rattail radish Raphanus caudatus as a third member of the genus while others treat it as a variety of R. sativus.
 Papaver alpinum the Alpine poppy is a poppy found in the Alps.This species includes several sub-species four of which are found in Austria.
 Bauhinia /boʊˈhɪniə/ is a genus of more than 200 species of flowering plants in the subfamily Caesalpinioideae of the large flowering plant family Fabaceae with a pantropical distribution. The genus was named after the Bauhin brothers Swiss-French botanists. Many species are widely planted in the tropics as orchid trees particularly in northern India Vietnam and southeastern China. Other common names include Mountain Ebony and Kachnar (India and Pakistan).
 Kallstroemia californica is a species of flowering plant in the caltrop family known by the common name California caltrop. It is native to the deserts of the Southwestern United States California and northern Mexico.
 Werneria pumila is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Viola sempervirens known by the common names redwood violet and evergreen violet is a species in the genus Viola. It is native to the West Coast of the United States and British Columbia Canada and grows in closed-cone pine forest California mixed evergreen forest redwood forest and Douglas fir forest communities.It has leathery purple-spotted green leaves and bright yellow flowers. It blooms in winter and spring.
 Balthasaria mannii is a species of plant in the Theaceae family. It is endemic to São Tomé and Príncipe.
 Koilodepas wallichianum is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Philyrophyllum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Canary grass is a plant Phalaris canariensis belonging to the family Poaceae. Originally a native of the Mediterranean region it is now grown commercially in several parts of the world for birdseed hence the name. This large coarse grass has erect hairless stems usually from 2 to 6 feet (0.6- 1.8 metres) tall. The ligule is prominent and membranous ¼ inch (0.6 cm) long and rounded at the apex.
 Drepanophycus is a genus of extinct plants of the Division Lycopodiophyta of Early to Late Devonian age (around 420 to 370 million years ago) found in Eastern Canada and Northeast USA China Russia Egypt and various parts of Northern Europe and Britain.
 Myxopyreae is a tribe of flowering plants in the olive family Oleaceae.
 Craibia is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family. It contains the following species: Craibia atlantica Craibia brevicaudataCraibia was named for William Grant Craib (1882–1933) a British botanist who was an Assistant for India at Kew and a professor at Aberdeen University the author of Contributions to the Flora of Siam (1912) and Florae siamensis enumeratio (1925). The genus Craibia was published in 1911 by British botanist Stephen Troyte Dunn.
 Sandhill muhly or wickiup grass (Muhlenbergia pungens) is a variety of muhly grass which is found in the arid regions of western North America. It is named after the botanist Muhlenberg.It spreads by forming lateral underground stems and so forms clumps or tussocks. These are useful in binding dry loose soil and so it may be propagated to stabilise slopes or control erosion. It has little agricultural use but may be eaten by foraging animals.
 Gymnanthera is a genus of vine in the family Apocynaceae (previously Asclepiadaceae).
 Browallia eludens is a small herb in the genus Browallia in the family Solanaceae. It is known only from a few locales in Arizona Sonora and Chihuahua. Indeed at the time of its initial publication in 1993 this represented the first time that any member of the genus had been reported from the United States.
 Cardiospermum halicacabum known as the balloon plant or love in a puff is a climbing plant widely distributed in tropical and subtropical Africa and Asia.
 Crataegus chrysocarpa is a species of hawthorn that is native to much of the continental United States and Canada. Common names fireberry hawthorn and goldenberry hawthorn as well as the scientific name all refer to the colour of the unripe fruit although the mature fruit is red.Three varieties C. chrysocarpa var. chrysocarpa var. piperi and var. vernonensis are recognized.
 Syncarpia glomulifera commonly known as turpentine is a tree of the family Myrtaceae native to New South Wales and Queensland in Australia which can reach 60 metres (200 ft) in height. It generally grows on heavier soils. Crushed leaves have a taste and smell reminiscent of turpentine. The cream flowers appear in spring and are fused into compound flowerheads.
 Alectryon ramiflorus is a species of endangered small seasonal rainforest trees constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae. They remain growing naturally only (endemic) in a very restricted area of south-eastern Queensland Australia. Threats of extinction to the species include habitat loss and disturbance of a catastrophic degree from wildfire or storms.
 Aechmea retusa is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is native to Ecuador.
 Astragalus newberryi (Newberry's milkvetch) is a flowering plant in the family Fabaceae native to the western United States from Idaho to New Mexico and California. A variety is found in the Death Valley area and the eastern Mojave Desert in California and Nevada. It grows in rocky and gravelly areas between 1300–2350 metres (4270–7710 ft) elevation.
 Agastache mexicana is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Mexican giant hyssop. It is native to southern North America and can grow up to 100 cm tall. The leaves are lanceolate or oval-lanceolate. The plant is perennial and self-fertile.
 Ephedra multiflora is a species of Ephedra that is native to northern Chile and Argentina. TaxonomyThe plant was originally described by Rodolfo Armando Philippi later formally published by Otto Stapf in 1887 and placed in section Ephedra sect. Alatae tribe Habrolepides by Stapf in 1889. In 1996 Robert A. Price left E. multiflora in section Alatae without recognizing a tribe.
 Centronia is a genus of plant in family Melastomataceae. Species include: Centronia brachycera (Naudin) Triana Centronia laurifolia D. Don Centronia mutisii (Bonpl.) Triana Centronia peruviana J. F. Macbr.
 Tephrosia pondoensis (Pondo Poison Pea Afrikaans: Pondo-Gifertjie) is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in South Africa where it is protected under the National Forest Act (Act 84) of 1998. The Pondo Poison Pea is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pannaulika triassica is a prehistoric plant species assigned to a small incomplete leaf and two flowers. It was found in Carnian rock. The incomplete dicot-like leaf fragment measuring 32 mm in length has a vein structure which suggests the plant to be an angiosperm but it also shares some characteristics with ferns. Possibly this means that primitive angiosperms from the Jurassic period evolved in tropic highlands.
 Afrostyrax is a genus of plant in family Huaceae. It contains the following species: Afrostyrax kamerunensis Perkins & Gilg Afrostyrax lepidophyllus Mildbr. Afrostyrax macranthus Mildbr.↑
 Bulbophyllum cryptanthum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Huperzia appressa (common name Appalachian firmoss) is a non-flowering plant in the Lycopodiaceae. It has been reported from the United States Canada China Russia and several European countries. It is a terrestrial plant up to 10 cm tall with dichotomously branched stems.Huperzia appressa (Desv.) Á. Löve & D. Löve Bot. Not. 114: 34. 1961. = Lycopodium selago L. var. appressum Desv. Mém. Soc. Linn. Paris 6(2): 180. 1827
 Saurauia erythrocarpa is a species of plant in the Actinidiaceae family. It is endemic to China.
 Guzmania ventricosa is a species of the genus Guzmania. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Xylosma glaberrimum is a species of plant in the Salicaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Allocasuarina portuensis commonly known as the Nielsen Park She-Oak is an extremely rare plant growing in Sydney Australia. Encountered as a shrub or small slender tree up to 5 metres (16 ft) tall it has green drooping branchlets up to 27 cm (11 in) in length. It is dioecious that is male and female flowers are borne on separate plants.
 Prunus × yedoensis (synonym Cerasus × yedoensis also known as Yoshino cherry; Japanese: 染井吉野 somei-yoshino) is a hybrid cherry of unknown origin probably between Prunus speciosa as father plant and Prunus pendula f. ascendens as mother. It occurs as a natural hybrid in Japan and is now one of the most popular and widely planted cultivated flowering cherries (sakura) in temperate climates worldwide.
 Cupressus guadalupensis the Guadalupe cypress is a species of cypress from Guadalupe Island off western North America.
 Aechmea bocainensis is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Puya pearcei is a species of the genus Puya. This species is endemic to Bolivia.
 Anthurium cordiforme is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Metasequoia glyptostroboides the dawn redwood is a fast-growing endangered coniferous tree the sole living species of the genus Metasequoia one of three species in the subfamily Sequoioideae. It is native to the Sichuan–Hubei region of China. Although shortest of the redwoods it grows to at least 200 ft (61 m) in height. Local villagers refer to the original tree from which most others derive as Shui-shan水杉 or water fir which was part of a local shrine.
 Angraecum distichum is a species of orchid.
 Heliconia markiana is a species of plant in the Heliconiaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Bulbophyllum univenum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Glossopetalon is a small genus of shrubs in the plant family Crossosomataceae. These plants are sometimes called greasebushes. They are native to the western United States and northern Mexico where they can be found on dry mountain slopes.
 Utricularia pentadactyla is a small annual carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia. It is native to tropical Africa where it can be found in Angola Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ethiopia Kenya Malawi Sudan Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe. U. pentadactyla grows as a terrestrial plant in damp sandy or peaty soils in grasslands or shallow soils over rock at altitudes from 1500 m (4921 ft) to 2100 m (6890 ft).
 Descurainia pinnata is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name western tansymustard. It is native to North America where it is widespread and found in varied habitats. It is especially successful in deserts. It is a hardy plant which easily becomes weedy and can spring up in disturbed barren sites with bad soil. This is a hairy heavily branched mustardlike annual which is quite variable in appearance.
 Neonauclea is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. It comprises about 65 species. Three of these were described as recently as 2008. Neonauclea is a genus of shrubs and trees They are indigenous to China India Southeast Asia and Indonesia. Neonauclea tsaiana has some limited use as lumber. Neonauclea was named in 1915 by Elmer Drew Merrill. The generic name is derived from the related genus Nauclea and the Greek word neos meaning new.
 Senecio triangularis known as arrowleaf groundsel and arrowleaf butterweed is a species of the genus Senecio and family Asteraceae.
 Monardella follettii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Follett's monardella.
 Alternanthera sessilis is an aquatic plant known by several common names including sessile joyweed and dwarf copperleaf. It is used as an aquarium plant.The plant occurs around the world.The leaves are used as a vegetable. Young shoots and leaves are eaten as a vegetable in Southeast Asia. Occasionally it is cultivated for food or for use in herbal medicines.This species is classified as a weed in parts of the southern States of the USA.
 Penstemon heterodoxus is a species of penstemon known by the common name Sierra beardtongue. It is native to California and western Nevada where it grows in several of the mountain ranges from the Klamath Mountains to the Sierra Nevada - and the slopes and plateaus to the east. It grows in subalpine and alpine climates in mountain forests meadows and talus.
 Eurybia saxicastelli commonly known as the Rockcastle Aster is an herbaceous perennial native to the south eastern United States. It is present only in the states of Kentucky and Tennessee along the Rockcastle River and the nearby Big South Fork River. As a result of its extremely restricted range as well as human alterations to its habitat it is considered critically imperiled by the Nature Conservancy.
 Samyda is a genus of plant in family Salicaceae.
 Grevillea robusta commonly known as the southern silky oak or silky oak or Australian silver oak is the largest species in the genus Grevillea of the family Proteaceae. It is not closely related to the true oaks Quercus. It is a native of eastern coastal Australia in riverine subtropical and dry rainforest environments receiving more than 1000 mm per year of average rainfall.
 Morus celtidifolia the Texas mulberry is a plant species native to Texas Oklahoma New Mexico Arizona and much of Latin America. It the USA it grows in canyons and on slopes usually near streams from 200–2200 m (700–7300 feet) elevation. It is very often referred to as Morus microphylla including in Flora of North America but recent studies suggest that these names are synonymous.Morus celtidifolia is a shrub or tree sometimes reaching 7.5 m (25 feet) in height.
 Scalesia divisa is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Microseris nutans is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name nodding microseris. It is native to western North America including southwestern Canada and much of the western United States including the Sierra Nevada in California where it grows in many types of habitat.
 'Klemmer' or the Flanders Elm is probably one of a number of hybrids arising from the crossing of the Wych Elm (Ulmus glabra) with a variety of Field Elm (Ulmus minor) making it a variety of Ulmus × hollandica . Originating in the Bruges area it was released in 1789 and was listed at the Royal Botanic Gardens Kew as Ulmus × hollandica var. Klemmerii.
 Phacelia mammillarensis common name Nipple Beach phacelia is a plant species native to Kane County Utah. Type locale there as recorded on the herbarium label is about 9.6 km (6 miles) east of Glen Canyon City. I cannot find Glen Canyon City on any map but the site appears to be off Cottonwood Canyon Road about 50 km WNW of Page Arizona.Phacelia mammillarensis is an annual herb with simple oblong to lanceolate leaves up to 7 mm (0.3 inches) long covered with small glandular hairs.
 Schizogyne Ehrenb. ex Pax is a synonym of the Euphorbiaceae genus Acalypha.Schizogyne is a plant genus in the family Asteraceae. It was established by Alexandre de Cassini.Species include: Schizogyne glaberrima DC. Schizogyne sericea DC.
 Anemia mexicana the Mexican flowering fern is a fern species in the genus Anemia sometimes called flowering ferns. It is endemic to Mexico.
 Psychopsiella is a monotypic genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae. The sole species is Psychopsiella limminghei.
 Euphorbia verruculosa is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Namibia. Its natural habitats are rocky areas and cold desert.
 Solanum vescum commonly known as green kangaroo apple or gunyang is a small fruiting shrub in the family Solanaceae native to eastern and southeastern Australia.Solanum vescum was first described by Victorian government botanist Ferdinand von Mueller in 1855 after being collected near the mouth of the Snowy River. The specific epithet is the neuter of the Latin adjective vescus meaning edible.Solanum vescum is a soft green shrub which grows to 1 or 2 m (3–7 ft) high.
 Amaranthus powellii is a species of amaranth known by the common names Powell's amaranth and green amaranth. It is native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico but it is common throughout most of the rest of the temperate Americas as a naturalized species. It has also been introduced to other continents including Australia and Europe. This is an erect annual herb growing to a maximum height near two meters.
 Euphorbia obcordata is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Yemen. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and rocky areas.
 Couroupita is a genus of flowering plants of Lecythidaceae family. It consists of three species native to tropical South America.
 Euphorbia neobosseri is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Muhlenbergia montana with the common name Mountain muhly is a species of grass. It is native to North and Central America where it is found throughout the Western United States the Sierra Nevada Mexico and Guatemala. It can be found in several types of habitat including grassland rocky outcrops mountains and open areas. Muhlenbergia montana is a perennial bunchgrass forming tufts of stems 10 to 40 centimeters tall.
 Hackelia velutina is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name velvet stickseed. It is native to the Sierra Nevada and southern Cascade Range of California. Its range may extend into Nevada. This is a lush hairy perennial herb reaching a maximum height between 40 and 80 centimeters. Most of the lance-shaped leaves are located around the base of the erect stems the longest to about 17 centimeters.
 Podocarpus palawanensis is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.It is found only in the Philippines.
 Pinus ayacahuite also called ayacahuite pine and Mexican white pine (family Pinaceae) is a species of pine native to the mountains of southern Mexico and western Central America in the Sierra Madre del Sur and the eastern end of the Eje Volcánico Transversal between 14° and 21°N latitude in the Mexican states of Guerrero Oaxaca Puebla Veracruz and Chiapas and in Guatemala El Salvador and Honduras.
 Lygeum is a monotypic genus of grasses in the family Poaceae containing the single species Lygeum spartum. It is native to southern Europe and North Africa where its distribution includes Greece Italy Spain Algeria Egypt Libya Morocco and Tunisia. Its common names include albardine and lygeum. It is similar to Stipa tenacissima and both species are used to produce a fiber product known as esparto or esparto grass.
 Polypodium punctatum (Elkhorn fern) is a species of fern in the Polypodiaceae family.
 Anthonotha nigerica is a species of tree in the Fabaceae family. It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo and Nigeria. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Isonandra villosa is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to India. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bauhinia bowkeri is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in South Africa where it is threatened by habitat loss.
 Festuca glumosa is a species of grass in the Poaceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.
 Heliamphora folliculata (Latin: folliculatus = having follicles) is a species of Marsh Pitcher Plant endemic to the Aparaman group of tepuis in Venezuela. It grows on all four mountains: Aparaman Tepui Murosipan Tepui Tereke Tepui and Kamakeiwaran Tepui.The nectar spoon of this species which bears giant extrafloral nectaries within its internal chamber may have evolved to prevent rain from washing away the energetically costly nectar produced by the plant.
 Carex neurophora is a species of sedge known by the common name alpine nerve sedge. It is native to the western United States where it grows in wet mountain habitat such as meadows and streambanks. This sedge produces stems up to about 60 centimeters tall and inflorescences which are dense oblong clusters of indistinguishable spikes of flowers. It is also known as Drosophila of Plant Kingdom because of its high usage in genetic and biochemical experiments on plants.
 Caulerpa prolifera is a species of green alga a seaweed in the family Caulerpaceae. It is the type species of the genus Caulerpa the type location being Alexandria Egypt. It grows rapidly and forms a dense mass of vegetation on shallow sandy areas of the sea.
 Lennooideae is a subfamily of parasitic flowering plants of south-western North America and north-western South America.The relationships of this subfamily with other plants remains uncertain. Traditionally it was treated at family rank as Lennoaceae and placed in different orders by different authors including Lamiales (in the Cronquist system) and Solanales (Dahlgren system).
 Banksia lepidorhiza is a shrub endemic to Western Australia.
 Rhodomyrtus psidioides the native guava is a shrub or small rainforest tree to 12m high native to eastern Australia.Leaves are ovate to elliptic or oblong 5–25 cm long and 2.5–6.5 cm wide with a glossy upper surface and paler lower surface. Oil glands are numerous and the leaves have a pineapple-like fragrance and stickiness when crushed. White or pink flowers occur in raceme-like inflorescences; followed by a berry 15–25 mm long 10–15 mm wide yellow and fleshy.
 Melaleuca eximia is an Australian shrub.
 Hernandia stenura is a species of plant in the Hernandiaceae family. It is found in Costa Rica Nicaragua and Panama.
 Erythronium hendersonii Henderson's fawn lily is a member of the Lily family that is endemic to southwest Oregon and barely reaching into Northern California. It can be locally very abundant within its range which is basically restricted to the Rogue River and Applegate River drainages in Josephine County and Jackson County in Oregon and barely into northern Siskiyou County in California.
 In taxonomy Parietochloris is a genus of algae specifically of the Chlorococcales.
 Salvia buchananii (Buchanan's sage) is a herbaceous perennial shrub that was only recently found in the wild in the northeastern extreme of the state of Querétaro Mexico after 50 years of cultivation as a garden plant.
 Notelaea longifolia is a very common shrub or small tree in eastern Australia. Occurring in or adjacent to rainforest from Mimosa Rocks National Park (37° S) to Bamaga (11° S) in far north Queensland. Common names include Large Mock-olive or Long-leaved-olive. An attractive ornamental plant.
 Roystonea oleracea sometimes known as the Caribbean royal palm[citation needed] palmiste imperial palm[citation needed] or cabbage palm is a species of palm which is native to the Lesser Antilles Colombia Venezuela and Trinidad and Tobago. It is also reportedly naturalized in Guyana and on the islands of Mauritius and Réunion in the Indian Ocean.
 Senegalia tenuifolia is a perennial climbing shrub which is native to Asia the Caribbean India and South America. Common names are Ara a Gato Bejuco Cochino Tocino. It is not listed as being a threatened species.Senegalia tenuifolia grows to 8 m high and 10–15 cm in diameter.
 Acanthophoenix is a genus of flowering plants in the palm family from the Mascarene Islands in the Indian Ocean where they are commonly called palmiste rouge. A genus long in flux three species are currently recognized though unsustainable levels of harvesting for their edible palm hearts have brought them all to near extinction in habitat. They are closely related to the Tectiphiala and Deckenia genera differing in the shape of the staminate flower.
 Madhuca fusca is a tree in the Sapotaceae family. Inflorescences bear up to 11 flowers. The specific epithet fusca is from the Latin meaning very dark brown referring to the indumentum. Habitat is kerangas forests from sea-level to 300 metres (980 ft) altitude. M. fusca is endemic to Borneo.
 Mystacidium abbreviated as Mycdm in horticultural trade is a genus of the Orchid family (Orchidaceae). It comprises 24 species native to southern Africa Tanzania and Malawi. The type species of the genus is Mystacidium pectinatum.
 Selliera radicans commonly known as remuremu or swampweed is a creeping herbaceous plant species found in New Zealand and Australia. S. radicans can grow to a height of 20 cm and spread to 2 metres wide. The shiny narrow leaves can be up to 4 cm long and have a spoon shape. Small white flowers are produced in summer.
 Gyminda orbicularis is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family. It is endemic to Cuba.
 Bulbophyllum maboroense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Mammolo is a red Italian wine grape that is planted primarily in Tuscany. While its use has been diminishing Mammolo was historically included in the blended Sangiovese-based wines of Chianti where it contributed a distinctive violet or mammole aroma. In addition to small plantings in the Chianti zone Mammolo can be found in the Vino Nobile di Montepulciano region of Tuscany and in scattered vineyards throughout Central Italy.
 'Grey Nurse' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Neoregelia in the Bromeliad family.
 Morinda is a genus of flowering plants in the madder family Rubiaceae. The generic name is derived from the Latin words morus mulberry from the appearance of the fruits and indica meaning of India.
 Pitcairnia encholirioides is a species of the genus Pitcairnia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 The Aristideae is the sole tribe of grasses in the monotypic subfamily Aristidoideae of the true grass family Poaceae. Its members are herbaceous annuals or perennials found in the tropics subtropics and temperate zones. The tribe has over 300 species in three genera: The subfamily is a member of the PACMAD clade of grasses the evolutionary group in which C4 photosyntesis independently evolved a number of times.AristidaSartidia Stipagrostis↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 ↑
 Pepinia agavifolia is a species of the genus Pepinia. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Arethusinae is an orchid subtribe in the tribe Arethuseae.
 Aruncus dioicus (Walt.) (goat's beard buck's beard or bride's feathers) is a flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the family Rosaceae and is the type species of the genus Aruncus. It has alternate pinnately compound leaves on thin stiff stems with plumes of feathery white or cream flowers borne in summer. This plant can be found in moist woodland often at higher altitudes throughout temperate areas of Europe Asia and eastern and western North America.
 Pitcairnia matudae is a species of the genus Pitcairnia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Acacia suaveolens (Sweet Wattle) is a shrub species endemic to Australia. It grows to between 0.3 and 3.5 metres metres high and has smooth purplish-brown or light green bark and has straight or slightly curving blue-green phyllodes The pale yellow to near white globular flowerheads generally appear between April and September in its native range.
 Emilia fosbergii also known as Florida tasselflower genus of Emilia and from the family of Asteraceae.
 Bulbophyllum septemtrionale is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Calpocalyx cauliflorus is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.
 Olearia myrsinoides commonly known as Silky Daisy-bush is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae. It is a shrub to 1.5 metres high with toothed leaves. These are dark green above and tomentose underneath. The flowerheads have 2 to 4 white ray florets and 3 to 4 pale yellow or violet disc florets. These appear between November and March in the species native range.
 Dryobalanops aromatica commonly known as Borneo Camphor Camphor Tree Malay Camphor or Sumatran Camphor is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. The species name aromatica is derived from Latin (aromaticus = spice-like) and refers to the smell of the dammar (resin).
 Veronica perfoliata known as Digger's Speedwell is a small plant found in high altitude areas in south-eastern Australia. Attractive purple flowers form in summer.This species first appeared in the scientific literature in 1810 in the Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae authored by the prolific Scottish botanist Robert Brown.
 Banksia serrata commonly known as old man banksia saw banksia saw-tooth banksia and red honeysuckle is a species of woody shrub or tree of the genus Banksia in the Proteaceae family. Native the east coast of Australia it is found from Queensland through to Victoria with outlying populations on Tasmania and Flinders Island. Commonly growing as a gnarled tree up to 15 m (50 ft) in height it can be much smaller in more exposed areas.
 Cardinal Creeper redirects here. Not to be confused with Cardinal Climber and Cardinal Vine.Ipomea horsfalliae is a flowering plant in the family Convolvulaceae known by several common names including Lady Doorly's Morning Glory Cardinal Creeper and Prince Kuhio Vine. It is native to the Caribbean and Brazil.
 Ipomoea asarifolia is a species of plant in the Convolvulaceae family of the genus Ipomoea.
 Dracula polyphemus is a species of orchid.
 Ichnocarpus frutescens is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family known by the English common name black creeper. It is native to much of China India Southeast Asia and northern Australia. In Uttarakhand it is known as kali-dudhi and as botilai and shyamlata in Orissa dudhilata in Madhya Pradesh palvalli in Tamil Nadu and siamlata in Uttar Pradesh.It is a woody shrub with lianas sprawling to 10 meters in maximum length and 6 centimeters in diameter.
 Quercus carmenensis is a tree species native to Texas (Brewster County) and to Coahuila. It grows in pine-oak forests at elevations of 5000–6500 feet (1500–1950 m). It is a deciduous species with gray bark and red twigs. Leaves are lanceolate with irregular lobing along the margins.
 Vriesea repandostachys is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 In taxonomy Fasciculochloris is a genus of algae specifically of the Chlorococcaceae.
 Quercus incana is a species of oak known by the common names bluejack oak upland willow oak sandjack oak and cinnamon oak. It is native to the Atlantic and Gulf coastal plains of the United States from Virginia around Florida to Texas and inland to Oklahoma and Arkansas.This oak is a tree growing to about 10 meters in height with a maximum height around 15 meters.
 'Laura' is a mid-season ripening firm-fleshed edible potato. The Laura is red skinned with a rich potato-yellow flesh color and an oval shape. It was first recognised in 1998 in Austria. The eyes depth is between flat and very flat. The potato is robustly resistant to damage and is highly resistant to Scab Leafroll virus and to Potato viruses A and Y.
 Ranunculus pusillus is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup genus known by the common name low spearwort. It is native to much of the eastern United States from New York to Florida and west to Texas; it is also known in California. It grows in wet habitat where it is semi-aquatic growing partially submerged or terrestrially on muddy substrates. It is a perennial herb producing a slender decumbent to erect stem up to half a meter in length. It is generally hairless in texture.
 Ochreinauclea missionis is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to India. It is threatened by habitat loss. The caterpillars of the Commander (Limenitis procris) a brush-footed butterfly utilize this species as a foodplant.
 Puya coerulea is a species of the genus Puya. This species is endemic to Chile.
 Millettia aurea is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Madagascar.
 Malus × micromalus (also known as Midget Crabapple or Kaido Crabapple) is a species in the genus Malus in the family Rosaceae.
 Polygonum californicum is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common name California knotweed. It is native to the west coast of the United States from Washington to central California where it can be found in many types of open habitat.
 Saccharum bengalense alternatively Saccharum bengalensis is a plant of the sugarcane genus found in India. It is also known as baruwa sugarcane or baruwa grass. One of its main ranges is in northern India specifically in the grasslands of the Terai-Duar. It is a food source for animals such as the Indian rhinoceros and the pygmy hog. This small species of sugarcane bamboo is colored pinkish-green and is usually around two or three feet tall.
 Changnienia is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Palaquium impressionervium is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is found in Malaysia and Thailand. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Canna 'Florence Vaughan' is a medium Crozy Group canna cultivar; green foliage oval shaped branching habit; oval stems coloured green; flowers are open yellow with red spots staminodes are medium size edges regular fully self-cleaning; fertile both ways not self-pollinating or true to type capsules globose; rhizomes are thick up to 3 cm in diameter coloured white; tillering is average. Introduced by A.
 Bulbophyllum viguieri is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Strychnos is a genus of flowering plants belonging to family Loganiaceae (sometimes Strychnaceae). The genus includes about 100 accepted species of trees and lianas and more than 200 that are as yet unresolved. The genus is widely distributed around the world's tropics. The genus is noted for the presence of poisonous indole alkaloids in the roots stems and leaves of the plant. Among the alkaloids are strychnine and curare.
 Platanus × acerifolia London plane London planetree or hybrid plane is a tree in the genus Platanus. It is usually thought to be a hybrid of Platanus orientalis (oriental plane) and Platanus occidentalis (American sycamore). Some authorities think that it may be a cultivar of P. orientalis.
 Heliotropium argenteum is a species of plant in the Boraginaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Anogeissus bentii is a species of plant in the Combretaceae family. It is endemic to Yemen.
 Turpinia is a genus of trees and shrubs in family Staphyleaceae native to Asia and North Central and South America. Species include: Turpinia affinis Turpinia arguta Turpinia cochinchinensis Turpinia formosana Turpinia indochinensis Turpinia insignis Turpinia macrosperma Turpinia megaphylla Turpinia montana Turpinia occidentalis Turpinia ovalifolia Turpinia parvifoliola Turpinia robusta Turpinia simplicifolia Turpinia ternata Turpinia tricornuta↑ ↑
 Threlkeldia diffusa also known as Coast Bonefruit is a perennial herb which occurs in coastal areas and saline flats in Australia. It is sometimes prostrate or may grow up to 0.4 metres in height. The green flowers occur between October and November (spring) in its native range.
 Codiaeum is a genus of plants under the family Euphorbiaceae. It comprises about 16 species found from Malesia to the Pacific. They are shrubs with leathery leaves and often confused with the genus Croton. Some species especially Codiaeum variegatum are cultivated as houseplants.
 Garcinia acutifolia is a species of flowering plant in the Clusiaceae family.It is found in Mozambique and Tanzania.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Securidaca leiocarpa is a species of plant in the Polygalaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Buddleja 'Hinebud 2' selling name Purple Splendor (Splendor Purple in Europe) is one of a new (2012) series of hybrid cultivars raised by Peter Podaras at the Hines Nursery Laguna Hills CA.
 Piptostigma is a genus of plant in family Annonaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Piptostigma calophyllum Mildler. & Diels Piptostigma fugax A.Chev. ex Hutch. & Dlaz. Piptostigma giganteum Hutch. & Dalz. Piptostigma oyemense Pellegrin
 The American Elm Ulmus americana cultivar 'Klehmii' was cloned from a tree growing at Arlington Heights by Mr Charles Klehm proprietor of the Charles Klehm & Son nursery.
 Formania mekongensis is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Maclurodendron parviflorum is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Epacris purpurascens var. purpurascens is rare Australian plant from the heath family. Commonly known as the Port Jackson Heath this small plant grows in swamps and scrubby country on sandstone based soils around the Gosford and Sydney region of central eastern New South Wales. See also Epacris purpurascens var. onosmiflora.
 Orobanche cooperi is a species of broomrape known by the common name Cooper's broomrape desert broomrape spike broomrape and burroweed strangler.[citation needed] It is native to the desert regions of the southwestern United States and northern Mexico where it is a parasite growing attached to the roots of other plants usually members of the Asteraceae such as Artemisia Hymenoclea Ambrosia and Encelia.
 Cassytha pubescens the Devil's Twine is a common twining plant of the Laurel family in southern and eastern Australia. A hemi-parasitic climber.An apparently leafless plant with warty stems when old. Stems are between a half and one and a half millimetres in diameter. Leaves are present in the form of tiny scales. The haustoria are 2 to 3 millimetres long.Tiny flowers form in summer. Being hairy stalk-less or nearly so yellow or white.
 Achyranthes aspera (common name: prickly chaff flower devil's horsewhip Sanskrit: अपामार्ग apamarga) is a species of plant in the Amaranthaceae family. It is distributed throughout the tropical world. It can be found in many places growing as an introduced species and a common weed. It is an invasive species in some areas including many Pacific Islands environments.It is one of the 21 leaves used in the Ganesh Patra Pooja done regularly on Ganesh Chaturthi day.
 Lycopodiidae is a subclass of Equisetopsida in the sense used by Mark W. Chase and James L. Reveal in their 2009 article A phylogenetic classification of the land plants to accompany APG III. This subclass comprises the Lycopods. It is equivalent to the division Lycopodiophyta in previous classifications.
 Rodgersia podophylla (syn. Astilbe podophylla Franch.) is a plant in the Saxifragaceae family native to Asia. It is extensively grown for ornamental use in gardens where it prefers damp shady positions on neutral to acid soils.
 Horkelia yadonii is a rare species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name Santa Lucia horkelia. It is endemic to California where it is known from the Central Coast Ranges from Monterey to Santa Barbara Counties. It occupies chaparral and woodland habitat often in meadows and dry riverbeds. Easily confused with related species this plant was not recognized as a species of its own until 1993.
 Bulbophyllum johannulii is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Grevillea lissopleura is a shrub native to Western Australia.
 Aglaia soepadmoi is a tree in the Meliaceae family. It grows up to 7 metres (20 ft) tall. The fruits are roundish up to 2 cm (1 in) in diameter. The tree is named for botanist and editor of Tree Flora of Sabah and Sarawak Engkik Soepadmo. Habitat is forests from sea-level to 1100 metres (3600 ft) altitude. A. soepadmoi is found in Sumatra and Borneo.
 Bulbophyllum sempiternum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Picea brachytyla is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family.It is found only in China.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 'Fulgo-Fasciata' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Aechmea in the Bromeliad family.
 Salvia cedrosensis is an evergreen fruticose perennial plant that is endemic to the western (Pacific) coast of Baja California in Mexico growing on the Vizcaino peninsula and Cedros Island.It is found growing along dry riverbeds and canyons in rocky soil. In the wild it grows 60 cm (24 in) tall and wide with small felt-like leaves that are whitish-grey and 2.5 cm (0.98 in). The flowers are violet-blue with a pearly grey calyx and light violet around the edges.
 Ipomopsis sancti-spiritus is a rare species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Holy Ghost ipomopsis. It is endemic to New Mexico in the United States where it is known from only one canyon in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains. It is a federally listed endangered species.This plant was first described in 1988 when specimens were found to differ slightly from the description of the very similar Ipomopsis aggregata.
 Arnica parryi is a species of arnica known by the common name Parry's arnica. It is native to western North America from Yukon to California to Colorado where it is a resident of temperate coniferous forests. This is a rhizomatous perennial herb producing a single unbranched stem to heights between 10 and 60 centimeters. There are oval-shaped leaves around the base of the stem and a few pairs of longer narrower petioled leaves above them.
 Huperzia australiana is a species of small terrestrial plant a firmoss or tassel fern in the Lycopodiaceae (clubmoss) family. It is native to Australia and New Zealand.
 Stangeriaceae is the smallest family of cycads both in number of living and fossil species. The family contains only two living genera Stangeria and Bowenia though the latter genus has been recommended for placement in a separate family by itself. The family is recognized by having vascularized stipules and by lacking cataphylls or producing them irregularly.
 Ruellia drymophila is a plant species in the Acanthaceae family native to China.
 Tradescantia fluminensis is a species of spiderwort native to South America. It is one of several plants known by the common name Wandering Jew. It is also known as River Spiderwort Small-Leaf Spiderwort Inch Plant Wandering Trad Wandering Willie and Wandering Gypsy.T. fluminensis is a perennial ground cover that spreads along the ground with soft hairless stems and leaves. The fleshy stems root at any node that is on the surface.
 Ceratolobus is a dioecious genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in Southeast Asia commonly called rotan. They are only differentiated from close relatives like Korthalsia Calamus and Daemonorops by leaf sheath appendages or inflorescence variations. The Greek genus name combines horn and capsule.
 Boronia pinnata is a plant in the Boronia genus that grows on sandstone soils in New South Wales. It is a common species that is found from coastal up to lower mountain levels.
 Bulbophyllum baculiferum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Colubrina pedunculata is a shrub in the family Rhamnaceae. It is endemic to Christmas Island an Australian territory in the north-eastern Indian Ocean. Its specific epithet comes from the Latin pedunculatus referring to the long and conspicuous peduncle of the inflorescence.
 Antennaria is a genus of about 45 species of herbaceous perennial plants in the family Asteraceae native to temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere with one species (A. chilensis) in temperate southern South America; the highest species diversity is in North America. Common names include catsfoot or cat's-foot pussytoes and everlasting.Different Antennaria species reach between 10 cm and 50 cm in height. The leaves are basal and often stem leaves.
 Bouteloua eriopoda commonly known as Black Grama is a perennial prairie grass that is native to the Southwestern United States. Its main means of reproduction is by stolons as its ratio of viable seeds to sterile ones is naturally low. The disparity may play a role in its lack of tolerance to overgrazing (relative to other grasses) but aside from this B.
 Trimezia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae native to the warmer parts of Central America South America and the West Indies. The genus name is derived from the Greek words tri meaning three and meze meaning greater.
 Tecomeae is a tribe with 44 genera of trees in the family Bignoniaceae.
 Myrothamnus is a genus of flowering plants consisting of two species of small xerophytic shrubs in the southern parts of tropical Africa and in Madagascar. Myrothamnus is recognized as the only genus in the family Myrothamnaceae.Myrothamnaceae was included in order Hamamelidales in the Cronquist system. Molecular systematic studies have suggested that Myrothamnus is not closely related to Hamamelidaceae nor any other family included in that order but rather is closely related to Gunnera.
 Melhania milleri is a species of flowering plant in the Sterculiaceae family.It is found only in Yemen.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Concord grapes are a cultivar derived from the grape species Vitis labrusca (also called fox grape) that are used as table grapes wine grapes and juice grapes. They are often used to make grape jelly grape juice grape-flavored soft drinks and candy. The grape is sometimes used to make wine particularly kosher wine though it is not generally favored for that purpose due to the strong foxy (sometimes described as candied-strawberry/musky) flavor.
 Rhus thyrsiflora is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family. It is endemic to Yemen. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Trianaea is a genus of the plant family Solanaceaeone of only two genera comprising the tribe Solandreae the other being Solandra.It occurs from Colombia southwards to Ecuador and contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Trianaea bogotensis Trianaea brevipes Trianaea naeka S.Knapp Trianaea neovisae Trianaea nobilis Trianaea speciosa Trianaea spectabilis
 Sideroxylon hirtiantherum is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Guatemala.
 Paradrypetes is a plant genus under the family Picrodendraceae. It is sometimes included in the Rhizophoraceae and was formerly included in the Euphorbiaceae family.
 Calochortus umpquaensis is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name Umpqua mariposa lily. It is endemic to Oregon in the United States where it is mainly limited to the region of the Klamath Mountains on the Little River in Douglas County in particular the Watson and Ace Williams Mountains.
 Tabernaemontana rostrata grows as a shrub up to 2 metres (6 ft 7 in) tall. Its flowers feature a white corolla. Habitat is scrub or forest from sea-level to 1400 metres (4600 ft) altitude. T. rostrata is found in India Thailand Malaysia Vietnam Indonesia and the Philippines.
 Leucaena is a genus of flowering plants in the subfamily Mimosoideae of the legume family Fabaceae. It contains about 24 species of trees and shrubs which are commonly known as Leadtrees. They are native to the Americas ranging from Texas in the United States south to Peru. The generic name is derived from the Greek word λευκός (leukos) meaning white referring to the flowers.
 Helicia pterygota is a plant in the Proteaceae family. It grows as a shrub or small tree up to 7 metres (20 ft) tall with a stem diameter of up to 6 centimetres (2 in). The bark is brownish. The specific epithet pterygota is from the Greek meaning winged referring to the pedicel. Habitat is forests from 1000 metres (3300 ft) to 1800 metres (6000 ft) altitude. H. pterygota is endemic to Borneo.
 Bulbophyllum planibulbe is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Ptilotus is a genus of mostly perennial herbs or shrubs in the family Amaranthaceae. The species are all native to drier areas of mainland Australia although one also occurs in Tasmania and another in Malesia on the islands of Flores and Timor. Common names for species in this genus include Mulla Mulla Pussy Tails and Lambs Tails.
 Fosterella cotacajensis is a species of the genus Fosterella. This species is endemic to Bolivia.
 Chrysogonum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family. It is known to have hallucinogenic properties and is classified as a Class 1 drug by the U.S. government.[1]
 Eklahare or Himalayan yam is a little-studied plant which appears above the ground as a low vine but underground bears long convoluted tuber growth stretching sometimes as deep as 2 metres. It is native to northern India. So far it has received very little attention from botanists and its species has not even been determined or named although its morphology and life patterns show it to belong in the Dioscorea genus so it is tentatively referred to as Dioscorea sp.
 Hechtia galeottii is a species of the genus Hechtia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Critoniopsis cotopaxensis is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pterandra is a genus in the Malpighiaceae a family of about 75 genera of flowering plants in the order Malpighiales. Pterandra comprises 15 species of trees shrubs and subshrubs all but two native to South America principally Colombia Venezuela and Brazil; the exceptions (P. mcphersonii P. isthmica) are from Panama.
 Ceropegia fusca (Spanish Cardoncillo) is a flowering plant in the genus Ceropegia (Apocynaceae). It is endemic to the Canary Islands where it grows on Tenerife (especially the Macizo de Anaga area) Gran Canaria and La Palma in the Tabaibal-Cardonal zone at up to about 600 m altitude.
 Osteospermum /ˌɒsti.ɵˈspɜrməm/ is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the Calenduleae one of the smaller tribes of the sunflower/daisy family Asteraceae. Osteospermum used to belong to the genus Dimorphotheca but only the annual species remain in that genus; the perennials belong to Osteospermum. The genus Osteospermum is also closely related to the small genus Chrysanthemoides such as C. incana and C. monilifera.
 Goniothalamus cheliensis is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to China.
 Banksia acuminata is a rare prostrate shrub endemic to south-west Western Australia. It was published in 1848 as Dryandra preissii but transferred into Banksia as B. acuminata in 2007.
 Pandanus petersii is a species of plant in the Pandanaceae family. It is endemic to Mozambique. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phylloxylon xylophylloides is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in Madagascar.
 Aegiphila monticola is a species of tree in the family Lamiaceae. It is endemic to Ecuador where it is known from Cotopaxi and Bolívar Provinces. There are about eight populations.The tree occurs at altitude in the Andes where it grows in páramo and cloud forest habitat. It also takes hold in disturbed areas such as roadsides.
 Fibigia is a flowering plant of the genus Fibigia in the family Brassicaceae.Fibigia clypeata (L.) Medik.Fibigia eriocarpa (DC.) Boiss.Fibigia lunarioides (Willd.) Sibth. & Sm.Fibigia macrocarpa (Boiss.) Boiss.Fibigia obovata Boiss.Fibigia suffruticosa (Vent.) Sweet
 Psychotria adamsonii is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to French Polynesia.
 Lachemilla angustata is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Poaephyllum is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Eucalyptus fruticetorum is an evergreen Eucalyptus tree native to the Great Dividing Range in New South Wales.It is commonly known as Blue Mallee.
 Chloris cucullata is a species of grass known by the common name hooded windmill grass. It is native to the United States particularly the states of Texas and New Mexico and adjacent Mexico.This is a clump-forming perennial grass with erect stems up to 60 centimeters tall. The leaf blades are up to 20 centimeters long the longer ones located around the base. The panicle contains whorls of spikelets each whorl with several branches up to 5 centimeters long.
 Callistemon salignus commonly known as Willow Bottlebrush and White Bottlebrush is an endemic Australian shrub or tree in the family Myrtaceae. The species occurs in New South Wales and Queensland.
 Vitis hui is a species of plant in the grape family. It is native to Jiangxi and Zhejiang provinces in China where it is called lu shan pu tao meaning Mount Lushan grape. It grows in temperate climes at elevations between 100–200 meters in shrublands and along the edges of open meadows.V. hui flowers in May bearing its fruit in July. It forms non-functional ovaries in male flowers.
 Calytrix is a genus of shrubs in the family Myrtaceae. They are commonly known as starflowers.Calytrix are endemic to Australia occurring in all of its states.Species include:
 Lilaeopsis schaffneriana is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names Schaffner's grasswort and cienega false rush.L. schaffneriana subsp. schaffneriana is found in Dominican Republic Ecuador and Mexico (in the Federal District and the following states: Chihuahua Coahuila Durango Hidalgo Jalisco México Michoacán Nuevo León Oaxaca Puebla San Luis Potosí and Tlaxcala).L. schaffneriana subsp.
 Peperomia argyreia (Watermelon Peperomia or Watermelon Begonia) is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family. Its native range is Bolivia Brazil Ecuador and Venezuela.
 Canna tuerckheimii Kraenzl. is a species of the Canna genus belonging to the family Cannaceae.
 Puya vasquezii is a species of the genus Puya. This species is endemic to Bolivia.
 Galbulimima belgraveana is an hallucinogenic plant. Its common names include white magnolia. It is native to northeastern Australia Malaysia and Papua New Guinea. Papuans (who tend to use this drug the most) boil the bark and the leaves together with another plant called Homalomena in order to make tea. This tea leads to a deep sleep in which it is said that vivid dreams and visions occur. The plant itself grows to about 90 feet it has no petals and its flower are a yellow-brown colour.
 Bambusa bambos or the Indian Thorny Bamboo is a species of clumping bamboo native to several countries in south and east Asia.
 Astragalus australis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Indian milkvetch. It is native to much of the Northern Hemisphere including northern North America Europe and temperate Asia.This plant produces spreading and erect stems up to 25 centimeters tall from a caudex. The stems have a dense coat of hairs and have leaves alternately arranged. Each leaf is up to 3 to 4 centimeters long and is made up of leaflets measuring a few millimeters in length.
 Kibatalia wigmani is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family. It is endemic to Indonesia. It is an Vulnerable species threatened by habitat loss.
 'Aristocrat' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Tillandsia in the Bromeliad family.
 Uvariodendron pycnophyllum is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Tanzania.
 Utricularia alpina is a medium-sized terrestrial or epiphytic perennial carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia. U. alpina is native to the Antilles and northern South America where it is found in Brazil Colombia Guyana and Venezuela. In the Antilles it can be found in Dominica Grenada Guadeloupe Jamaica Martinique Montserrat Saba Saint Kitts Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and Trinidad.
 Euphorbia aureoviridiflora is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is rocky areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Cyrillaceae are a small family of flowering plants in the order Ericales native to warm temperate to tropical regions of the Americas. The family comprises two genera each with a single species Cyrilla racemiflora and Cliftonia monophylla.In the past many botanists included a third genus Purdiaea in the family though recent research has shown this genus is better placed in the closely related family Clethraceae.
 Clematis armandii (also called Armand Clematis or Evergreen Clematis) is a flowering climbing plant of the genus Clematis. Like many members of that genus it is prized by gardeners for its showy flowers. It is native to much of China (except the north and extreme south) and northern Burma.
 Luzula spicata is a species of flowering plant in the rush family known by the common name spiked woodrush. It has a circumpolar distribution occurring throughout the northern Northern Hemisphere in Europe Asia and North America. It grows in subalpine and alpine climates. It occurs at low elevations in colder regions such as tundra; farther south it is restricted mainly to high mountains.
 Elliottia racemosa Georgia Plume or Summer Plume is a plant in the Heath family and is endemic to the U.S. state of Georgia.The plant is found in habitats of moist stream banks to dry ridges and are usually in sandy soil. It is found at scattered locations in eastern and southern Georgia.
 Brassaiopsis hainla is a species of shrub in the family Araliaceae.It is used as fodder by the farmers in Nepal.
 Carex interior is a species of sedge known by the common name inland sedge. It is native to much of North America from Alaska to northern Mexico to the mid-Atlantic United States. It grows in wet habitat most often in calcareous soils. This sedge produces clumps of stems approaching a meter in maximum height with a few leaves at each stem. The inflorescence is an open array of star-shaped spikes of flowers covered with gold scales. The fruit is coated in a toothed red-tipped perigynium.
 Solanum betaceum is a small tree or shrub in the flowering plant family Solanaceae (the nightshade family). It is best known as the species that bears the tamarillo an egg-shaped edible fruit. It is also known as the tree tomato or tamamoro.
 Fumaria (fumitory or fumewort from Latin fūmus terrae smoke of the earth) is a genus of 50 species of annual flowering plants native to Europe Africa and Asia most diverse in the Mediterranean region and introduced to North and South America and Australia. Fumaria indica contains the alkaloids fuyuziphine and alpha-hydrastine. Fumaria indica may have anti-inflammatory and analgesic potential.
 Amomum tsaoko is a ginger-like plant known in English by the transliterated Chinese name cao guo. It grows at high altitudes in Yunnan. Both wild and cultivated plants are used medicinally.
 Wolffia borealis is a species of flowering plant known by the common name northern watermeal. It is native to North America including sections of Canada and the United States. It grows in mats on the surface of calm water bodies such as ponds. It is a very tiny plant with no leaves stems or roots. The green part is up to 1.2 millimeters long with one rounded end and one pointed end. On the flattened top of the plant is a single stamen and pistil.
 Shorea pallescens is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Cryptanthus pickelii is a species of the genus Cryptanthus. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Polyceratocarpus is a genus of plant in family Annonaceae. It contains the following species: Polyceratocarpus angustifolius Paiva Polyceratocarpus gossweileri (Exell) Paiva Polyceratocarpus laurifolius Paiva Polyceratocarpus microtrichus (Engl. & Diels) Ghesq. ex Pellegr. Polyceratocarpus pellegrinii Le Thomas Polyceratocarpus scheffleri Engl. & Diels
 Drosera darwinensis is a perennial carnivorous plant in the genus Drosera that is endemic to the Northern Territory. Its leaves are arranged in a rosette with one rosette emerging from the root stock. It produces pink or white flowers from December to April. Drosera darwinensis grows in clayey sand from Palmerston to Berry Springs south of Darwin and east to Humpty Doo.
 Smilax glyciphylla the Sweet Sarsaparilla is a dioecious climber native to eastern Australia. It is widespread in rainforest sclerophyll forest and woodland; mainly in coastal regions.The leaves are distinctly three-veined with a glaucous under-surface lanceolate 4–10 cm long by 1.5–4 cm wide. Coiling tendrils are up to 8 cm long. The globose berries are 5–8 mm diam. black with a singular seed.
 Falcaria sickleweed in English is a biennial herb of the spherical shape. Blossoms in June–July. Grows in Europe Siberia Middle East Northern Africa North and South Americas. Contains alkaloids carotene vitamin C proteins.
 Leucospermum conocarpodendron (Commonly called the Tree Pincushion) is the largest of the Pincushion Proteas (Leucospermums). Their natural habitat is the area around Cape Town in the Western Cape South Africa.There are two main subspecies viridum and conocarpodendron:Subspecies conocarpodendron is endangered and confined to a few spots on the granite slopes of Table Mountain.
 Leopoldia gussonei (Parl.) is a plant in the family Asparagaceae.
 Angelica pachycarpa is a herbaceous perennial plant native from north western Spain and western Portugal and naturalized in New Zealand. It inhabits forests grasslands and stream sides and is occasionally grown as an ornamental garden subject for its glossy foliage and umbels of white flowers.
 Trifolium resupinatum (Persian clover shaftal syn. T. resupinatum L. var. majus Boss. T. suaveolens Willd.) is an annual clover used as fodder and hay which reaches 60 cm (24 in) tall when cultivated and forms rosettes when grazed or mowed. It is native to central and southern Europe the Mediterranean and southwest Asia as far south as the Punjab. It is an important hay crop in cold regions of Iran Afghanistan and other Asian areas with cold winters.
 Shepherdia argentea commonly called silver buffaloberry bull berry or thorny buffaloberry is a species of Shepherdia.It is native to central and western North America from southern Canada (Alberta Saskatchewan Manitoba) southwards in the United States to northern California Arizona and New Mexico.
 Poa is a genus of about 500 species of grasses native to the temperate regions of both hemispheres. Common names include meadow-grass (mainly Europe and Asia) bluegrass (mainly North America) tussock (some New Zealand species) and speargrass. Poa is Greek for fodder.
 Arctomecon humilis is a rare species of poppy called Bearclaw Poppy or Dwarf Bearclaw-poppy. It is endemic to Washington County Utah in the United States of America. It is a federally listed endangered species limited to barren heavily gypsiferous soils in the immediate vicinity of St. George Utah. Only a half-dozen populations are known several of which are adjacent to or even within the urbanized area.A.
 Utricularia podadena is a small probably perennial terrestrial carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia and is the only member of Utricularia sect. Candollea. U. podadena is endemic to Malawi and Mozambique being known only from the type location in Malawi and from one other collection in Mozambique. As of Peter Taylor's 1989 monograph on the genus more recent efforts to locate this species have failed.
 Viola bertolonii is a species of violet known by the common name Bertoloni's Pansy belonging to the Violaceae family.
 Ptychosperma hentyi is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is found only in Papua New Guinea.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bulbophyllum alkmaarense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Physcomitrella is a genus of mosses containing two species. Physcomitrella patens is a model organism in laboratory research. Physcomitrella readeri is fairly similar distinguished only by subtle characteristics. In fact it has often been debated whether they should rightly be considered separate species or a single species.
 For the town in Nepal see Hunga NepalHunga is a genus of plant in family Chrysobalanaceae. Species include: Hunga cordata Prance Hunga gerontogea (Schltr.) Prance Hunga guillauminii Prance Hunga mackeeana Prance
 The Meisner's Banksia (Banksia meisneri) is a species of small shrub in the plant genus Banksia. It occurs in a number of isolated populations throughout southwest Western Australia. Seeds do not require any treatment and take 28 to 39 days to germinate.
 Neotysonia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Plantago ovata (Desert Indianwheat Blond Psyllium; syn. Plantago brunnea Morris Plantago fastigiata Morris Plantago gooddingii A. Nels. & Kennedy Plantago insularis Eastw. Plantago insularis Eastw. var. fastigiata (Morris) Jepson Plantago insularis Eastw. var. scariosa (Morris) Jepson Plantago minima A. Cunningham) is a medicinal plant native to Western Asia and Southern Asia.
 Chelone obliqua /kəˈloʊni kiː- -neɪ ɵˈbliːkwə/ or Red Pink or Rose Turtlehead is a herbaceous perennial plant belonging to the Plantaginaceae. This uncommon wildflower is primarily native to the state of Illinois and may also be found in mid-west and southern states.
 Severinia buxifolia is a species of plant related to Citrus Fortunella and Citropsis. Its common name is Box Orange or Boxthorn. Not to be confused with Lycium which part of the Nightshade family. It is native to southern China. It produces small black berries that resemble black currants. The fruits are eaten by birds that disperse its seeds. Its an evergreen in the wild.
 Eriogonum gracile is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name slender woolly buckwheat. It is native to California where it is widespread across the state and to parts of northwestern Mexico. It grows in many types of habitat often in sandy places. It is often found on clay soils. It is an annual herb which is quite variable in appearance.
 Physalis angustifolia the coastal groundcherry is a species of flowering plant in the nightshade family. It is native to the Gulf Coast shoreline of the Southeastern United States where it is found on maritime dunes and sands.
 Dyckia milagrensis is a plant species of the genus Dyckia native to Bahia Brazil.
 Cunuria is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae. This genus is sometimes included in Micrandra.
 Gossia is a genus of rainforest trees in the myrtle family. The name honours the conservation works of the former premier of Queensland Wayne Goss.There are around 35 species of Gossia. Found in Malesia to New Caledonia Fiji and Australia. Three of the 16 endemic species of Australia are Gossia acmenoides Gossia fragrantissima and Gossia bidwillii.
 Celtis occidentalis commonly known as the Common hackberry is a large deciduous tree native to North America. It is also known as the nettletree sugarberry beaverwood northern hackberry and American hackberry. It is a moderately long-lived hardwood with a light-colored wood yellowish gray to light brown with yellow streaks.The common hackberry is easily distinguished from elms and some other hackberries by its cork-like bark with wart-like protuberances.
 Saurauia crassisepala is a species of plant in the Actinidiaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Miconia protuberans is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Eragrostis cilianensis is a species of grass known by several common names including stinkgrass candy grass and gray lovegrass.
 Utricularia phusoidaoensis is a terrestrial lithophytic carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia. It is endemic to the northern Thailand province of Phitsanulok on Phu Soi Dao where it is only known from the type locality. It grows on wet cliffs at altitudes around 2000 m (6562 ft). It is related to U. garrettii another species endemic to Thailand that shares a similar seed morphology.
 Chambeyronia is a genus of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family. It contains the following species: Chambeyronia lepidota Chambeyronia macrocarpa
 Vaccinium scoparium is a species of huckleberry known by the common names grouse whortleberry grouseberry and littleleaf huckleberry. It is native to western North America from British Columbia and Alberta to far northern California to Colorado and New Mexico. It grows in mountain habitat such as forests meadows and talus occurring in subalpine and alpine climates at elevations of 700 to 3000 meters.
 Hyptis is a genus of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family. These plants known commonly as bushmints are widespread in the tropics and warmer temperate regions of the Americas.
 Tillandsia rauschii is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Bolivia.
 Glera is a white variety of grape of Italian origin which until 2009 was mostly referred to as Prosecco.Glera is a rather neutral grape variety which is mainly cultivated for use in sparkling Italian wine styles frizzante or spumante from the various Prosecco DOCG and DOC areas although still wines also exist. It is grown mainly in the Veneto region of Italy traditionally in an area near Conegliano and Valdobbiadene in the hills north of Treviso.
 Tillandsia butzii is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Costa Rica and Mexico.
 'Rakete' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Aechmea in the Bromeliad family.
 Anisopappus is a genus of about 30 species of flowering plants in the Asteraceae family. It contains the following species: Anisopappus pseudopinnatifidus
 Anthriscus sylvestris known as cow parsley wild chervil wild beaked parsley keck or Queen Anne's lace is a herbaceous biennial or short-lived perennial plant in the family Apiaceae genus Anthriscus. It is also sometimes called mother-die (especially in the UK) a name that is also applied to the common hawthorn. It is native to Europe western Asia and northwestern Africa; in the south of its range in the Mediterranean region it is limited to higher altitudes.
 Digitaria californica is a species of grass known by the common name Arizona cottontop. It is native to the Americas where it can be found in the southwestern United States Mexico Central America and South America.This perennial grass forms a clump of stems reaching up to a meter in height. The branching root system can reach one meter deep. There are no rhizomes or stolons. The leaf sheaths around the stems can be very hairy to woolly. The leaves are usually short and narrow.
 Hydrocotyle tambalomaensis is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bentinckia is a genus of palms in the Arecaceae family. The genus is named after William Henry Cavendish-Bentinck a colonial governor general of British India. There are two species of palms in this genus namely Bentinckia condapanna and Bentinckia nicobarica.
 Passiflora smilacifolia is a species of plant in the Passifloraceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Shafera is a genus of the tribe Senecioneae and the family Asteraceae. Most if not all of its members used to be Senecio.
 Pepinia cuatrecasana is a species of the genus Pepinia. This species is native to Ecuador.
 Dryopteris goldiana or Goldie's wood fern is a fern native to the Northeastern United States and adjacent areas of Canada.It can grow larger than any other native North American Dryopteris species. Specimens are known with fronds six feet (1.8 meters) tall.It is one of the parents of the hybrids Dryopteris celsa and Dryopteris clintoniana.
 Rhaptopetalum is a genus of plant in family Lecythidaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Rhaptopetalum beguei Mangenot Rhaptopetalum belingense Letouzey Rhaptopetalum geophylax Cheek & Gosline Rhaptopetalum sindarense Pellegrin
 Kefersteinia is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Dorstenia fawcettii is a species of herb in the Moraceae plant family which is native to Jamaica and Haiti.
 'Redy' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Tillandsia in the Bromeliad family.
 Koompassia grandiflora is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found in West Papua (Indonesia) and Papua New Guinea.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Stylidium subg. Forsteropsis as circumscribed by Allen Lowrie and Kevin Kenneally contains five species of triggerplants from south-western Australia that are characterized by their tightly appressed leaves arranged in a spiral around the stem. This subgenus was originally described by Otto Wilhelm Sonder in 1845 as the genus Forsteropsis.
 Plumbago zeylanica commonly known as Ceylon Leadwort or Doctorbush is a species of plumbago with a pantropical distribution. Carl Linnaeus described the paleotropical P. zeylanica and neotropical P. scandens as separate species but they are currently considered synonymous. Ceylon Leadwort is a herbaceous plant with glabrous stems that are climbing prostrate or erect.
 Utricularia cymbantha is a very small suspended aquatic carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia (family Lentibulariaceae). It is an annual plant. Its native distribution includes tropical and South Africa.
 Taverniera is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family. It contains the following species: Taverniera sericophylla
 Navia aliciae is a species of the genus Navia. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Bromelia villosa is a species of the genus Bromelia. This species is native to Bolivia.
 Bulbophyllum riyanum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Listia is a genus of legumes in the family Fabaceae and the tribe Crotalarieae. Members of this genus are mainly found in southern Africa but some can be found in central Africa. It was recently segregated from the genus Lotononis. Unlike other members of the Crotalarieae members of the genus Listia have lupinoid root nodules.
 Anisodus tanguticus is a species of flowering plant in the family Solanaceae which includes many important agricultural plants. It is mostly found growing in the Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau. A. tanguticus are collected and used mostly for its medicinal effects thought to be derived from the plants biologically active nicotine and tropane alkaloids. It has a significant impact in China as one of the 50 traditional herbs used in traditional Chinese medicine.
 Pistacia palaestina is a tree or shrub common in the Levant region (especially Israel and Syria). It is called terebinth in English a name also used for Pistacia terebinthus a similar tree from the western Mediterranean Basin.
 Pourouma oraria is a species of flowering plant in the genus Pourouma. It is found in Colombia Panama and Peru. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Rhus aucheri is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family. It is endemic to Oman.
 Hypericum hirsutum is a flowering plant in the genus Hypericum commonly known as hairy St John's wort. It is found in Western Europe.
 Stephanomeria exigua (Small Wirelettuce) is a perennial or biennial plant native to the western United States. It is thought to be the parent species of Stephanomeria malheurensis (Malheur wirelettuce) an endangered plant species found only in southern Oregon. It generally blooms from mid-spring to late summer and produces small light pink or light purple blooms.
 Alseodaphne dura is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Utricularia beaugleholei is a terrestrial carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia (family Lentibulariaceae). Its distribution ranges from southeastern South Australia through central and western Victoria into New South Wales where it has been collected from the southern tablelands and southwest slopes.
 Rubus hawaiensis also called the ʻĀkala is one of two species (with R. macraei) commonly known as Hawaiian raspberry endemic to Hawaii. It is found on the islands of Kauaʻi Molokaʻi Maui and Hawaiʻi in mesic to wet forest at elevations of 600–3070 m (1970–10070 ft). In most areas it is not very common but in some places (such as the upper Koʻolau Gap in Haleakalā and Laupāhoehoe Natural Area Reserve) it can be a dominant member of the understory vegetation.
 Aponogeton bernerianum is an aquatic plant from eastern Madagascar. It has a 3cm thick tuber or thick and branchy rhizome. Leaf blade up to 13 cm petiolate strap-shaped highly bullate and undulate up to 50(-120) cm long and 1.5-6.5(-10) cm wide dark green coloration.Peduncle up to 75 cm long tapering towards the inflorescence. Spathe up to 15 mm long caducous.
 Nematoceras is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae) sometimes known as spider orchids helmet orchids or spidery helmet-orchids found mainly in New Zealand and its subantarctic islands with two species on Australia’s Macquarie Island. The genus was absorbed by Corybas for a long period before being reinstated but now it is accepted back into Corybas. Such is the nature of the turmoil in orchid taxonomy.
 Dipodium purpureum is an orchid species that is native to Borneo. The species was formally described in 1910 by Dutch botanist Johannes Jacobus Smith.
 Ighermia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Chenopodium oahuense is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common names aweoweo alaweo alaweo huna aheahea ahea ahewahewa and kahaihai. It is endemic to Hawaii where it occurs on all of the larger islands except for Kahoolawe. It is also found on Lisianski Island Laysan the French Frigate Shoals Necker Island and Nihoa.This species is a shrub that can reach 5 to 20 meters in height. The fleshy lightly hairy leaf blades have three lobes.
 Verticordia fastigiata commonly known as Mouse Featherflower is a flowering plant in the family Myrtaceae. The species is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It grows as a prostrate or low shrub between 0.2 to 0.5 metres high and 0.6 metres wide. Green yellow or orange-red flowers appear between January and July in the species native range.The species was formally described in 1852 by Russian botanist Nikolai Turczaninow based on plant material collected by James Drummond.
 Gloxinia perennis is a species of tropical rhizomatous herbaceous flowering plant belonging to the family Gesneriaceae. It is sometimes known as Canterbury Bells (not to be confused with members of the genus Campanula which go by the same name).
 Aechmea froesii is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Xanthisma paradoxum is a plant species native to the Four Corners region where Colorado Arizona New Mexico and Utah meet. It is is known only Montezuma County (Colorado) San Juan County (Utah) and Apache County (Arizona). The species is named for the Town of Paradox Colorado where the type specimen was collected. It grows in disturbed sites washes desert scrub and open pinyon-juniper woodlands.Xanthisma paradoxum is a branching herb up to 15 cm (6 inches) high.
 Berchemia is a genus of plants in the family Rhamnaceae named after Dutch botanist Berthout van Berchem. They are climbing plants or small to medium-sized trees that occur in Africa Asia and the Americas.
 Schefflera brenesii is a species of plant in the Araliaceae family. It is found in Costa Rica and Panama. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dill (Anethum graveolens) is either a perennial or annual herb. It is the sole species of the genus Anethum.
 Furtadoa is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. It consists of only two species: F. mixta and F. sumatrensis. The genus was described in 1981 by Mitsuru Hotta with one species endemic on Sumatra. In 1985 Hotta transferred a preexisting species of Homalomena (the West Malaysian H. mixtum Ridl.) to Furtadoa. Both described species of Furtadoa have stems that creep and root along their length (a very rare condition in related Homalomena) and leathery elliptical leaves.
 Cassia fistula known as the golden shower tree and by other names is a flowering plant in the family Fabaceae. The species is native to the Indian subcontinent and adjacent regions of Southeast Asia. It ranges from southern Pakistan eastward throughout India to Myanmar and Thailand and south to Sri Lanka. It is closely associated with the Mullai region of Sangam landscape. It is the national tree of Thailand and its flower is Thailand's national flower.
 Rhizanthes infanticida is a species of parasitic flowering plants without leaves stems roots or photosynthetic tissue. They grow on roots of the Tetrastigma vine. They are found in the tropical forests of southern Thailand western Malaysia and Sumatra. The brown flowers are from 14 to 22 cm across.
 Eustichia is the only genus of moss in family Eustichiaceae.
 Ulmus × hollandica var. insularum was recognized as a biometrically distinct population of U. × hollandica endemic to all the Channel Islands and the Cotentin peninsula of France by Richens and Jeffers in 1975 The tree had been treated within U. montana (:glabra) until McClintock correctly assigned it to U. × hollandica.
 Lophospermum (syn. Maurandia Orteg or Maurandya sect. Lophospermum (D.Don) A.DC.) is a genus in the family Plantaginaceae. This genus was traditionally placed in the foxglove family Scrophulariaceae. Owing to new genetic research however it is now placed in the vastly expanded family Plantaginaceae. Some species are used as ornamental plants.
 Nepenthes 'Boca Rose' is a cultivar of a complex manmade hybrid involving N. maxima N. mirabilis N. northiana N. rafflesiana N. veitchii and a plant identified as N. thorelii. It was bred by Bruce Lee Bednar and Orgel Clyde Bramblett in 1990.
 Solanum douglasii is a species of nightshade known by the common name greenspot nightshade. It is native to the northern half of Mexico and the southwestern south-central United States. Its habitat includes scrub and woodland.
 Bauera rubioides is a shrubby flowering plant found in the eastern states of Australia. It has also been referred to as Madder-Leaved Bauera a comparison to another genus which is commonly named Madder.
 Eugenia linocieroidea is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is found in Malaysia and Singapore. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Argomuellera is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae.
 The Iris-like Cymbidium (Cymbidium iridioides) is a species of orchid.
 Azorella fuegiana is a species of Azorella flowering plant found in Chile.
 Dolichorrhiza is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Layia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family known generally as tidy tips. There are about fourteen species of tidytips which are native to western North America. Several are California endemics. These are erect daisylike annual herbs with dark glandular stems. The flower heads usually contain white or yellow ray florets; some species have yellow florets tipped sharply in white which give the flowers their common name.
 London Pride Saxifraga × urbium is a perennial garden flowering plant. Alternative names for it include St. Patrick's Cabbage Whimsey Prattling Parnell and Look Up And Kiss Me. Before 1700 the London Pride appellation was given to the Sweet William.
 Boehmeria cylindrica (L.) Swartz is an herb in the family Urticaceae common name false nettle. It is widespread in eastern North America and the Great Plains from New Brunswick to Florida to Texas to Nebraska with scattered reports of isolated populations in New Mexico Arizona and Utah as well as in Bermuda Mexico Central America the West Indies and South America.The plant is an herb or subshrub to 160 cm tall usually monoecious but rarely dioecious.
 Artemesia pontica (Roman wormwood or small absinthe) is an herb used in the production of absinthe and vermouth. Originating in southeastern Europe (the specific name refers to the Pontus area on the shores of the Black Sea) it is naturalized over much of Europe and is also found in the wild in northeastern North America. It is called little absinthe because it is smaller in stature and leaf than the great absinthe A. absinthium.
 The Dwarf Beech Fagus sylvatica Tortuosa Group is a rare Cultivar Group of the European Beech with less than 1500 older specimens in Europe. It is also known as Twisted Beech or Parasol Beech. It is a wide-spreading tree with distinctive twisted and contorted branches that are quite pendulous at their ends. With its short and twisted trunk the Dwarf Beech grows more in width than height only seldom reaching a height of more than 15 m.
 Tillandsia prodigiosa is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Marsilea crenata (Javanese: Semanggi Thai: ผักแว่น) is a species of fern found in Southeast Asia. It is an aquatic plant looking like a four leaf clover. Leaves floating in deep water or erect in shallow water or on land. Leaflets glaucous sporocarp ellipsoid on stalks attached to base of petioles.
 Platanus racemosa is a species of sycamore tree known by several common names including California sycamore Western sycamore California plane tree and in Spanish Aliso. Platanus racemosa is native to California and Baja California where it grows in riparian areas canyons floodplains at springs and seeps and along streams and rivers in several types of habitats.
 Acanthephippium sinense is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family. It is found in China and Hong Kong.
 Toxicoscordion is a genus of flowering plants in the family Melanthiaceae tribe Melanthieae. Molecular phylogenetic studies in the 21st century have resulted in number of changes to placements within this tribe. Toxicoscordion was long submerged into the genus Zigadenus but its separate position in the phylogeny of the Melanthieae has been confirmed.
 Salvia coccinea (Texas sage scarlet sage tropical sage blood sage) is a herbaceous perennial in the Lamiaceae family that is widespread throughout the Southeastern United States Mexico Central America the Caribbean and northern South America (Colombia Peru and Brazil). At one time Brazil was considered to be where it originated but its diploid chromosome count now points to Mexico as its place of origin.
 Callistemon 'Lilacinus' is a cultivar of the genus Callistemon. It grows to between 2.5 and 4 metres high and has purplish-violet inflorescences. Leaves are smooth and sharp pointed with thick margins and are 40 to 100 mm long and 6 to 18 mm wide.The cultivar was first selected in Berlin in 1913 from plants raised from seed collected near Como New South Wales by German botanist Ernst Betsche in 1894. At this time it was referred to as C. lanceolatus var lilacina.
 Myristica guillauminiana is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is found in Fiji and the Solomon Islands.
 Cyperus polystachyos also known as Pycreus polystachyos is a herbaceous species in the family Cyperaceae found in Hawaii.It is common in the Neotropics as a weed in grass lawns.
 Banksia borealis subsp. borealis is a subspecies of Banksia borealis. As an autonym it is defined as encompassing the type material of the species. It was known as Dryandra borealis subsp. borealis until 2007 when Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele sunk all Dryandra into Banksia. As with other members of Banksia ser. Dryandra it is endemic to the South West Botanical Province of Western Australia.
 Baphia cymosa is a plant species native to the République du Gabon in central Africa. The plant grows there in tropical rainforest. Baphia cymosa is a small tree up to 4 m tall. Leaves are simple broadly elliptical tapering at the tip glabrous on the upper side but with a few light hairs on the underside. Flowers are white borne in small groups.
 Vachellia nilotica subsp. tomentosa is a perennial tree native to Africa Asia and India.
 Paradinandra suecica is a species of fossil plant from the Cretaceous of Sweden. It is of uncertain placement within the order Ericales and was described in 2001.
 Bulbophyllum subbullatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Picralima is a plant genus in the family Apocynaceae.
 Tetrapterys methystica (syn. Tetrapteris methystica) is a psychoactive plant native to Amazon rainforest. Despite limited analytic information the alkaloids are believed to be closely related to Banisteriopsis caapi which contains harmala alkaloids and MAOIs. More recently the vine has been exported from Peru as Grey Ayahuasca.
 Xylopia emarginata is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is native to Cerrado vegetation in Brazil.
 Voltziales is an extinct order of trees related to modern conifers. In the fossil record the most common member of the order is Walchia known originally for its leaf form genus and the order is commonly called Walchian. The order consists of these families: Utrechtiaceae Thucydiaceae Emporiaceae Majonicaceae Ullmanniaceae Bartheliaceae Ferugliocladaceae Buriadiaceae
 Carpobrotus deliciosus (commonly known as Sweet Hottentots fig perdevy ghaukum ghounavy) is a succulent perennial of the family Aizoaceae native to a strip along the south coast of South Africa. The flowers of this Carpobrotus (Sour-fig) species range in colour from purple and pink to white and these are followed by fruits that are less sour and more pleasant tasting that those of its relatives hence its name. Its leaves are almost straight and reddish-green in colour.
 Zamia muricata is a species of plant in the Zamiaceae family. It is found in Colombia and Venezuela. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hakea nodosa commonly known as Yellow Hakea is a shrub which is native to Australia.
 Doellingeria is a genus of flowering plants in the aster family Asteraceae. It contains three species native to eastern North America which are now usually treated as separate from genus Aster. They are known commonly as tall flat-topped asters or whitetops.Some authorities include up to 10 or 11 species in Doellingeria but phylogenetic analyses suggest that any Asian plants in the genus should be classified in Aster making Doellengeria a North American genus of 3 species.
 Arctostaphylos tomentosa is a species of manzanita known by the common name woollyleaf manzanita. This shrub is endemic to California.It is a resident of chaparral canyons foothills and lower-elevation mountains. One specialized habitat in which A. tomentosa is found is the Monterey Cypress forests at Point Lobos and Del Monte Forest in Monterey County California.
 Rhamnella is a genus of plant in the family Rhamnaceae. Species include:Rhamnella caudata Merr. & Chun Rhamnella forrestii W.W. Sm. Rhamnella franguloides (Maxim.) Weberb. Rhamnella gilgitica Mansf. & Melch. Rhamnella julianae C.K. Schneid. Rhamnella martinii (H. Lév.) C.K. Schneid. Rhamnella rubrinervis (H. Lév.) Rehder Rhamnella wilsonii C.K. Schneid.↑ ↑
 Asarum crispulatum is a species of plant in the Aristolochiaceae family. It is endemic to China.
 Acacia pravissima (Ovens wattle or wedge-leaved wattle) is a species of evergreen shrub in the Fabaceae family native to Victoria the South West Slopes and Southern Tablelands of New South Wales Australia.It grows to 5m producing racemes of yellow flowers in Winter and Spring. In temperate climates it is usually grown under glass. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
 Cupressus lusitanica (Cedro Blanco; Teotlate distinctive names used in Mexico); Cedro Blanco means White Cedar and is also known as Mexican White Cedar is a species of cypress native to Mexico and Central America (Guatemala El Salvador and Honduras).
 Trifolium montanum is a plant species of the genus Trifolium. It is the county flower of Oslo Norway.
 Calceolaria integrifolia is a shrub belonging to the Calceolaria genus and native to Argentina and Chile.Calceolaria integrifolia grows to 1.8 meters (6 feet) tall. Its leaves are highly veined slightly sticky and have a puckered texture. The flowers are yellow and grow in clusters. The plant flowers from spring to the autumn.
 Nepenthes × kinabaluensis /nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˌkɪnəˌbɑːluːˈɛnsɪs/ or the Kinabalu Pitcher-Plant is the natural hybrid between N. rajah and N. villosa. It was first collected near Kambarangoh on Mount Kinabalu Borneo by Lilian Gibbs in 1910 and later mentioned by John Muirhead Macfarlane as Nepenthes sp. in 1914. Although Macfarlane did not formally name the plant he noted that [a]ll available morphological details suggest that this is a hybrid between N. villosa and N. rajah.
 Paramount BioCapital Inc. an affiliate of Paramount Capital group of companies is a broker-dealer registered by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and investment firm in the United States that specializes in conducting private financings for public and private development stage biotechnology companies and promising in-licensed drug candidates.
 Justicia serrana is a plant native of Cerrado vegetation of Brazil.
 Bulbophyllum lokonense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Agrostis exarata is a species of grass known by the common names Pacific bentgrass spike bentgrass and spike redtop. It is native to western North America from Texas to the Aleutian Islands.
 Homalium dalzielii is a species of plant in the Salicaceae family. It is found in Benin and Nigeria.
 Schismus barbatus is a species of grass known as common Mediterranean grass. It is native to Eurasia and it is also known as an introduced species in the southwestern United States. It grows in many habitats including disturbed areas. It is an annual grass growing in small clumps. The stems grow up to 27 centimeters long and are lined with threadlike leaves. The short inflorescence bears spikelets under a centimeter long.
 Tillandsia stricta is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Brazil and Venezuela.
 Rapanea mccomishii is a flowering plant in the Myrsinaceae family. The specific epithet honours James Doran McComish (1881–1948) who made several visits to and collected extensively on Lord Howe Island in the 1930s.
 Dorstenia foetida is a plant in the genus Dorstenia which is native to Arabia and Ethiopia. It is a small caudex forming perennial which can grow up to 30 centimetres in height. The plants leaves are light green and lanceolate.
 Dalbergia setifera is a low growing shrub in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in Ghana.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Olearia viscidula commonly known as the sticky daisy bush is a shrub or subshrub species in the Asteraceae family. It was named by George Bentham in his Flora Australiensis in 1867.
 Anisoptera grossivenia is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. The name grossivenia is derived from Latin (grossus = an unripe fig and venius = veined) and refers to the purple lateral veins of the leaf blade. A. grossivenia is a tall emergent tree up to 60 m found in mixed dipterocarp forest and its ecotone to kerangas forests. It is endemic to Borneo.
 Yellow Onion also known as a Brown Onion is a variety of dry onion with a strong flavor. White inside its layers of papery skin have a yellow-brown color.It has a rich onion taste and is fit for food dishes like French onion soup. Yellow onions are typically available throughout the year. This onion is higher in sulfur than the white onion which gives it a stronger more complex flavor.A dozen varieties of yellow onion are grown following the time of year. They vary in nutritional content.
 Opuntia matudae or xoconostle is a cactus native to Mexico.
 Vachellia chiapensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in Mexico.
 Bulbophyllum ferkoanum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Aglaia amplexicaulis is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family. It is endemic to Fiji.
 Bulbophyllum simile is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Engelhardia serrata Blume is a tree native to Hainan Province China.
 Olearia chathamica is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in New Zealand.
 Sarcodum is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
 Ravenea madagascariensis is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is found only in Madagascar.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dryopteris intermedia (Muhl. ex Willd.) A. Gray the intermediate wood fern is an evergreen eastern North American species also occasionally found in Europe. It is a diploid species and is the parent of several species of hybrid origin including Dryopteris carthusiana.This fern is often confused with several other wood fern species including D. carthusiana D. campyloptera and D. expansa. It especially extensively shares the range of D.
 Sphaerolejeunea umbilicata is a species of liverwort in the Lejeuneaceae family. It is endemic to Colombia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Cochliostema is a genus of plants with two species in the family Commelinaceae (the spiderwort and dayflower family). The genus occurs from southern Nicaragua to southern Ecuador.
 Lycium brevipes is a species of flowering plant in the nightshade family known by the common name Baja desert-thorn. It is native to northwestern Mexico and it occurs in California as far as the Sonoran Desert as well as some of the Channel Islands. It grows in the scrub of desert and coastline. It is also used as a southwestern landscaping plant. This is a bushy spreading shrub approaching a maximum height of 4 metres (13 ft) with many long thorny tangled branches.
 Aralia elata or Japanese angelica tree is a woody plant belonging to the family Araliaceae.
 Ilex machilifolia is a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family. It is endemic to China.
 Xenoscapa is a genus of herbaceous perennial and bulbous plants in the Iris family (Iridaceae). It consists of only two species distributed in Africa and is closely related to the genera Freesia. The genus name is derived from the Greek words xenos meaning strange and scapa meaning flowering stem.
 Euphorbia beharensis is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bulbophyllum mahakamense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Weinmannia raiateensis is a species of plant in the Cunoniaceae family. It is endemic to French Polynesia.
 The annual herb Blennosperma nanum has the common names glue-seed and common stickyseed. It is a small yellow flower closely related to the daisy. The petals are a paler yellow than many other daisy-like flowers and the ring of stamens ooze a viscous white juice containing the pollen. The seeds are also carried in a gluey fluid. The Greek name for the genus means slimy seed.The flower is distributed throughout the lower elevations in California but is not particularly abundant.
 Coursetia brachyrachis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found in Argentina and Bolivia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pouteria melanopoda is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is found in French Guiana and Suriname.
 Delilia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Coelogyne pulchella is a species of orchid.
 Quesnelia imbricata is a species of the genus Quesnelia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Cynometra lukei is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found in Kenya and Tanzania.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cupressus torulosa known as the Himalayan cypress or Bhutan cypress is a species of cypress in southern Asia. It is a large tree up to 45 m (148 ft) high.
 Navia ovoidea is a species of the genus Navia. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Bulbophyllum coniferum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Pseuderanthemum hookerianum is a species of plant in the Acanthaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Croton triacros is a species of plants of the genus Croton and the family of Euphorbiaceae found in north-east Queensland.
 Passiflora loxensis is a species of plant in the Passifloraceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Quercus aucheri is a species of oak tree in the Fagaceae family. It is found in limited portions of the Aegean islands of Greece and parts of Anatolian Turkey.
 Anthodon is a genus of flowering plants in the family Celastraceae. It comprises two species of large woody vines native to Central America and northern and Amazonian South America. They are scattered throughout most of the neotropics but are not common in any part of their range. They grow in wet forests from 100 m to 900 m in elevation. There is no known use of these vines by humans.
 Lepismium cruciforme is a species of plant in the Cactaceae family. It is found in Argentina Brazil and Paraguay. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Rollinia ferruginea is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Sabal etonia commonly known as the scrub palmetto is a species of palm which is endemic to Florida and southeast Georgia.
 Streptanthus barbiger is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name bearded jewelflower. It is endemic to California where it is limited to the North Coast Ranges. It grows in woodlands and chaparral habitat often on serpentine soils. It is an annual herb producing a branching stem up to about 80 centimeters in maximum height.
 Bulbophyllum lancipetalum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Ulva californica is a species of seaweed in Ulvaceae family that is 5 millimetres (0.20 in) long. It can be found in Alaska and California.
 Darwinia meeboldii (Cranbrook Bell) is a shrub which is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It has an erect and straggly habit growing to between 0.5 and 3 metres high. The bracts around the flowers form a pendent bell which is usually white with red tips. A group of 8 small flowers are concealed inside. These are primarily produced between August and November.It occurs on peaty soils on slopes in the western part of the Stirling Range National Park.
 Aristeguietia is a genus of about 21 species of flowering plant in the tribe Eupatorieae of the Asteraceae family. It is found from Colombia to southern Peru with one species in Chile.It contains the following species: Aristeguietia arborea Aristeguietia cacalioides Aristeguietia chimborazensis Aristeguietia discolor Aristeguietia gayana Aristeguietia glutinosa
 Myrcia fasciata is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Elaeagnaceae the oleaster family is a plant family of the order Rosales comprising small trees and shrubs native to temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere south into tropical Asia and Australia. The family has 45-50 species in three genera.They are commonly thorny with simple leaves often coated with tiny scales or hairs.
 Bulbophyllum stabile is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 The Oedogoniales are an order of filamentous freshwater green algae of the class Chlorophyceae. The order is well-defined and has several unique features including asexual reproduction with zoospores that possess stephanokont flagella: numerous short flagella arranged in a subapical whorl. The oedogoniales have a highly specialized type of oogamy and an elaborate method of cell division which results in the accumulation of apical caps. The order comprises one family with three genera.
 Collinsia verna is an annual wildflower common in eastern North America where it is known as blue-eyed Mary. The flowers are actually bicolored white and blue. It is a plant of valley bottoms and moist bottom slopes in areas of moderate light; it is not a shade lover.
 Banksia arctotidis is a shrub endemic to Western Australia. It was known as Dryandra arctotidis until 2007 when all Dryandra species were transferred to Banksia by Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele.An assessment of the potential impact of climate change on this species found that its range is likely to contract by between 50% and 80% by 2080 depending on the severity of the change.
 Graptophyllum pictum is a shrub endemic to India. It is a well known garden shrub. There are two varieties variegated colored is known as 'white adulsa' used with coconut water to reduce swelling the other dark-leaved variety is known as 'black adulsa'. The first is combined with coconut milk to reduce swellings.Leaf MorphologyShape: Aristate Margin: Undulate Venation: Reticulate (Variegated)
 Plantago hedleyi is a flowering plant in the plantain family. The specific epithet honours Australian naturalist and conchologist Charles Hedley who helped collect the species in 1893.
 Amaranthus collectively known as amaranth[citation needed] is a cosmopolitan genus of annual or short-lived perennial plants. Catkin-like cymes of densely packed flowers grow in summer or autumn. Approximately 60 species are recognized with inflorescences and foliage ranging from purple and red to green or gold.
 Eudema nubigena is a species of flowering plant in the Brassicaceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is rocky areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pachycereeae is a tribe of 15 genera of columnar cacti in the subfamily Cactoideae. They are native to Central America Mexico and the southwestern United States.
 Campanula zoysii (known commonly as Zois' Bellflower Zoysi's Harebell or Crimped Bellflower) is a flower in the genus Campanula (bellflowers).
 Carex capitata is a species of sedge known by the common name capitate sedge. It has a circumboreal distribution growing in wet places in boreal forests and mountain meadows in alpine climates.
 Rumex venosus is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common names veiny dock winged dock and wild-begonia (it is not related to genus Begonia). While not of any particular agricultural use its cousins Rhubarb and Buckweat are. It is native to central and western North America from southern parts of the Canadian prairies through to Mexico.It can be found in many types of habitat including sagebrush dunes and other sandy areas.
 Endiandra floydii is a small-sized rainforest tree. Despite its common name Crystal Creek Walnut this tree is unrelated to northern-hemisphere walnuts and is a Laurel. It is named after the great Australian botanist Alexander Floyd.
 Billbergia castelensis is a species of the genus Billbergia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Senecio pulcher is an ornamental plant native to the wet valleys & slopes and flooded rocky habitats in Argentina Brazil and Uruguay. Cited in Flora Brasiliensisby Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius. After Dusty miller (S. cineraria) S. pulcher is perhaps one of the most popular species of the genus for horticulture along with German Ivy (Senecio mikanioides) and Purple ragwort (Senecio elegans) or it was in 1917.
 Bulbophyllum entomonopsis is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Exostema is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. It consists of trees and shrubs endemic to the neotropics with most of the species occurring in the West Indies. Estimates of the number of species range from 25 to 44.The type species for the genus is Exostema caribaeum. It is a tree of Central America and the Caribbean. Its lumber is of limited use.Exostema was first named by Christiaan Hendrik Persoon as a subgenus of Cinchona.
 Symphyotrichum campestre (formerly Aster campestris) is a species of aster known by the common name western meadow aster. It is native to much of western North America from British Columbia California and the Rocky Mountains region to Arizona and New Mexico. where it grows in many habitat types generally at some elevation.
 Prunus angustifolia pronounced (PROO-nus an-gus-tih-FOLE-ee-uh)[citation needed] known commonly as Chickasaw Plum Cherokee plum Florida sand plum sandhill plum or sand plum is a plum bearing tree native to North America. It was originally cultivated by Native Americans before the arrival of Europeans. While Prunus is the classical name for European plums angustifolia refers to its narrow leaves. It is listed by the USDA as an endangered species in the state of New Jersey.
 Euphorbia bombensis commonly called the Southern Seaside Spurge is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family. It found in warm coastal areas of North America South America and the islands of the Caribbean. In the Southeastern United States its natural habitat is the open sands of dunes preferring areas with little competition in areas behind the foredune.
 Adamsiella is a genus of red alga closely related to the genus Lenormandia. The holotype species for the genus is Adamsiella melchiori L.E. Phillips & W.A. Nelson.
 Curcuma comosa is a species of flowering plant in the ginger family. It is native to much of Asia including Thailand Indonesia and Malaysia. The herb is cultivated in Thailand especially in the Northern Province including Petchaboon and the Northeastern Province including Loei. Curcuma comosa is widely used as a traditional herbal remedy.
 Andropogon benthamianus is a species of grass in the Poaceae family.It is found only in Ecuador where it is known from only a single collection. It has been listed as critically endangered and is feared extinct today.
 Spodiopogon sibiricus is a species of perennial grass in the Poaceae family native to Siberia Mongolia China Korea and Japan. Culms are solitary erect 70–200 cm in height 2–4 mm in diameter and unbranched.
 Thomson Scientific was one of the five operating divisions of The Thomson Corporation from 2006 to 2008. Following the merger of Thomson with Reuters to form Thomson Reuters in 2008 it became the Scientific business unit of the new company. In 2009 the Scientific business came together with the Healthcare business to form the Healthcare & Science business of Thomson Reuters. The healthcare business was sold in 2012 and is now Truven Health Analytics.
 Heliamphora sp. 'Angasima Tepui' is an undescribed taxon of marsh pitcher plant known only from the summit of Angasima Tepui in Venezuela where it grows at elevations of 2200–2250 m. It resembles H. heterodoxa in many respects but has a smaller nectar spoon numerous nectar glands on the outer pitcher surface and forms large clumps up to 1.5 m across.
 Coprosma rhamnoides also known as twiggy coprosma is a shrub that is native to New Zealand. An example occurrence of this species is within the Hamilton Ecological District on North Island within a forest dominated by Nothofagus and rimu where understory associates include Blechnum discolor and Doodia media.
 Tectaria cicutaria is a species of fern in the Tectariaceae family native to the Antilles. It has thin soft triangular fronds up to about 3.5 feet in length; blades are once- or twice-pinnate with the final segments pinnately-lobed. The rhizome is short and erect.
 Marina parryi is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Parry's false prairie-clover. It is native to the deserts of the southwestern United States and northern Mexico. This is a perennial herb producing stiff branching stems 20 to 80 centimeters long. It is coated with glands and rough hairs. The leaves are made up of several pairs of small oval leaflets no more than 6 millimeters long.
 The Charophyta are a division of green algae that includes the closest relatives of the terrestrial plants the Embryophyta. In some groups such as Zygnematophyceae or conjugating green algae flagellate cells do not occur. The conjugating green algae do engage in sexual reproduction in which motility does not involve flagella which are totally lacking.
 Fuchsia pilaloensis is a species of plant in the Onagraceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Phymatochilum brasiliense is an orchid species inhabitant of Serra do Mar mountains in Brazilian southeast and northeast which vegetatively resembles Oncidium species however is more closely related to the genus Miltonia. It is the only species of the genus Phymatochilum.
 Aegiceras is a genus of trees and shrubs from Southeast Asia Malesia Australia and the Pacific Islands. They occur in coastal or estuarine areas.
 Palaquium edenii is a tree in the Sapotaceae family. The twigs are brownish. Inflorescences bear up to three flowers. The fruits are ellipsoid up to 1.5 centimetres (1 in) long. Habitat is mixed dipterocarp forests. P. edenii is endemic to Borneo and known only from Sarawak.
 Pentagonia rubiflora is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Guatteriopsis ramiflora is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Grillo also known as Riddu and Rossese bianco is a white Italian wine grape variety which withstands high temperatures and is widely used in Sicilian wine-making and in particular for Marsala. Its origins are uncertain but it may have been introduced into the island of Sicily from Puglia.
 Asplenium marinum is known as the sea spleenwort because of its preference for maritime habitats around the coasts of Europe from Italy in the South to Norway in the North.
 Viscum combreticola the Combretum mistletoe is a leafless dioecious mistletoe shrub occurring from southern to tropical Africa in a broad zone following the Rift Valleys. Though it is typically a hemiparasite of Combretum species it may also be found on Terminalia (Combretaceae) Acacia Croton Diplorhynchus Dombeya Heteropyxis Maytenus Melia Strychnos or Vangueria.The much-branched twigs are flattened ribbed and divided into clear segments.
 The tribe Sophoreae is one of the subdivisions of the plant family Fabaceae. Traditionally this tribe has been used as a wastebasket taxon to accommodate genera of Faboideae which exhibit actinomorphic rather than zygomorphic floral symmetry and/or incompletely differentiated petals and free stamens. Various morphological and molecular analyses indicated that Sophoreae as traditionally circumscribed was polyphyletic.
 Spirotecoma holguinensis is a species of plant in the Bignoniaceae family. It is endemic to Cuba. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Canavalia is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family (Fabaceae) and comprises approximately 48 to 50 species of tropical vines. Members of the genus are commonly known as jack-beans. The species of Canavalia endemic to the Hawaiian Islands were named ʻāwikiwiki by the Native Hawaiians. The name translates to the very quick one and comes from the Hawaiian word for fast that has also been appropriated into the name Wikipedia.
 Aphelandra gunnari is a species of plant in the Acanthaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Buddleja davidii 'Griffin Blue' is a cultivar raised at the University of Georgia's experimental nursery at Griffin. [1]
 Sida hermaphrodita (known by the common names Virginia Fan Petals and Virginia Mallow) is a perennial forb native to the eastern United States which produces white flowers in summer.
 Tillandsia guerreroensis is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Koelreuteria elegans more commonly known as the Taiwanese Rain Tree is a deciduous tree to 15-20 metres native to Taiwan. It is widely grown throughout the tropics and sub-tropical parts of the world as a street tree.It flowers in early to mid-summer. Flowers are small to 20 mm in length and occur in branched clusters at the stem tips. They are butter-yellow with five petals that vary in length until opening.
 Cymbosema is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae. It may be synonymous with Dioclea.
 Oxalis obliquifolia is an Oxalis species found in Ethiopia and South Africa.
 Paphiopedilum is a genus of the Lady slipper orchid subfamily Cypripedioideae of the flowering plant family Orchidaceae. The genus comprises some 80 accepted taxa including several natural hybrids. The genus is native to Indo-Malesia (South China Southeast Asia and the Pacific Islands) and India.The species and their hybrids are extensively cultivated and are known as either paphiopedilums or by the abbreviation paphs in horticulture.The type species of this genus is Paphiopedilum insigne.
 Zeltnera beyrichii commonly known as mountain pink quinine weed or rock centaury is an annual that blooms from late spring to early fall. Used as a medicinal plant by pioneers the flowers were dried and used to reduce fevers.Until 2004 it was known as Centaurium beyrichii.
 Pleiacanthus is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family containing the single species Pleiacanthus spinosus (formerly Stephanomeria spinosa) which is known by the common name thorn skeletonweed or thorny skeletonweed. It is native to the western United States from Montana and Idaho to southern California and Arizona where it grows in many types of mostly dry habitat from deserts to mountains.
 Symplocos barberi is a species of plant in the Symplocaceae family. It is endemic to India.
 Clinostigma savoryana the Arrack Tree or Cabbage Palm is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is endemic to Japan.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pinellia is a genus of plants in the family Araceae native to Asia. Its species are commonly called Green Dragons due to the color and shape of the inflorescence which possesses a green hooded spathe from which protrudes a long tongue-like extension of the spadix. The leaves vary greatly in shape among different species from simple and cordate to compound with three to many leaflets. Pinellia reproduces rapidly from seed and many species also produce bulbils on the leaves.
 Erythroxylum ruizii is a species of plant in the Erythroxylaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Puya silvae-baccae is a species of the genus Puya. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Luzula longiflora is a flowering plant in the rush family. The specific epithet refers to the relatively long floral perianth.
 Centropogon azuayensis is a species of plant in the Campanulaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Rhynchospora capitellata is a species of sedge known by the common name brownish beaksedge. It is native to eastern North America and a few spots in the western United States. It grows in wet habitat such as swamps springtime meadows and moist areas in forests. It is a perennial herb producing clumps of stems 20 to 100 centimeters tall each stem sheathed with several narrow pointed leaves. The inflorescence is a cluster of brown spikelets each about 3 or 4 millimeters long.
 Cyclosorus interruptus is a fern in the Marsh Fern family. With a broad distribution in Australia India China Malaysia Sri Lanka New Zealand Hawaii and other islands in the Pacific Ocean South Africa. The habitat in New South Wales is by freshwater swamps where it may reach one metre in height.In the year 1770 it was collected by Joseph Banks and Daniel Solander not far from Botany Bay.Despite urbanization it still occurs in a park in the Sydney bayside suburb of Monterey.
 Grevillea patulifolia commonly known as Swamp Grevillea is a shrub species in the family Proteaceae. It is native to the states of New South Wales and Victoria in Australia.The species is listed as Rare in Victoria on the Department of Sustainability and Environment's Advisory List of Rare Or Threatened Plants In Victoria.
 Navarretia leptalea (formerly Gilia leptalea) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Bridges' pincushionplant. It is native to the Sierra Nevada and southern Cascade Range in California and Oregon where it grows in colorful carpets in mountain meadows. It produces glandular stems with linear or narrowly oval-shaped leaves. The tiny stem is topped with an inflorescence of one or more funnel-shaped pink flowers with long narrow throats.
 Melaleuca osullivanii is an Australian shrub.
 Fleischmanniopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Clarkia heterandra is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name mountain clarkia. It is endemic to California where it is from the forests and woodlands of several of eastern and western mountain ranges. It is an annual herb producing an erect glandular stem to around half a meter in maximum height. The lance-shaped to oval leaves are up to 8 centimeters long and are borne on petioles of up to 2 centimeters.
 Aechmea depressa is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Eremaea pauciflora is a species of shrub in the family Myrtaceae widely distributed throughout the south-west of Western Australia. Several populations are found beyond the Southwest Botanical Province in arid regions around Kalgoorlie and the shrub occupies a variety of soil types and habitats.The mass of flowers is orange to red with yellow and appear from July to January. The habit is as a spreading shrub or erect to 2.0 metres tall.
 Senegalia pennata (English: Climbing wattle Thai: ชะอม Cha-om Burmese Su pout ywet Zomi Khangkhuh) is a species of legume which is native to South and Southeast Asia. It is a shrub or small tropical tree which grows up to 5 metres in height. Its leaves are bipinnate with linear-oblong and glabrous pinnules. Its yellowish flowers are terminal panicles with globose heads. The pods are thin flat and long with thick sutures.
 Philodendron melanochrysum is a species of flowering plant in the Araceae family.One of the best climbing foliage pants for a conservatory black gold philodendron has heart-shaped leaves that are typically 25 cm long but in ideal conditions they can grow even longer. Young plants have smaller broader copper-red leaves but when established they are quite superb; they have a velvety sheen on the blackish-green surface and beautiful pale green veins.
 Nepenthes × ventrata (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz vɛnˈtrɑːtə/; a blend of ventricosa and alata) is a natural hybrid involving N. alata and N. ventricosa. Like its two parent species it is endemic to the Philippines. The name was originally published in the Carnivorous Plant Newsletter in 1979.Nepenthes × ventrata is one of the most common tissue cultured Nepenthes plants although it is often mislabelled as Nepenthes alata.
 Myrcia grandiflora is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Guettarda is a plant genus in the family Rubiaceae. Most of these plants are known by the common name Velvetseed. Estimates of the number of species range from about 50 to 162. Most of the species are neotropical. Twenty are found in New Caledonia and one reaches Australia. A few others are found on islands and in coastal areas of the Indian and Pacific Oceans.Three species (G. odorata G. scabra G. speciosa) are known in cultivation. Guettarda argentea provides edible fruit.
 Mkilua fragrans is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is found in Kenya and Tanzania.
 Cyathea colensoi also known as the Creeping Tree Fern Mountain Tree Fern and Golden Tree Fern is a species of tree fern native toNew Zealand from the southern part of the North Island south to Stewart Island. It grows in submontane to montane forest in damp areas particularly near the tree line. The trunk is usually prostrate but may sometimes be erect. It may reach about 1 m in height. Fronds are tripinnate and about 1.5 m long or more.
 Allium przewalskianum is one of two species of Allium known as jimbu used in cooking in parts of Nepal. The species is widely distributed reported from India Nepal Pakistan Tibet and parts of China (Gansu Nei Mongol Ningxia Qinghai Shaanxi Sichuan Xinjiang Xizang Yunnan).Allium przewalskianum has narrow bulbs up to 10 mm across. Scape is up to 40 cm tall round in cross-section. Leaves are tubular about the same length as the scape.
 Draba extensa is a species of flowering plant in the Brassicaceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is rocky areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Aglaia bullata is a tree in the Meliaceae family. It grows up to 10 metres (30 ft) tall with a trunk diameter of up to 12 centimetres (5 in). The bark is greyish brown. The fruits are roundish brownish yellow up to 1.5 cm (1 in) in diameter. The specific epithet bullata is from the Latin meaning puckered referring to the leaflets. Habitat is mixed dipterocarp forests from sea-level to 420 metres (1000 ft) altitude. A. bullata is endemic to Borneo and confined to Malaysia's Sarawak state.
 Meyenia redirects here. Meyenia as described by D.F.L. v. Schlechtendal is a synonym of Cestus.Weberbauerocereus is a genus of ceroid cactus considered to be intermediate between the genera Trichocereus and Cleistocactus. The genus is named after August Weberbauer because of his extensive research in the Peruvian Andes.Species include: Weberbauerocereus albus Weberbauerocereus fascicularis Weberbauerocereus seyboldianus Weberbauerocereus weberbaueri
 Utricularia pachyceras is a terrestrial carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia (family Lentibulariaceae). It is endemic to Western Australia and the Northern Territory.
 Diospyros chamaethamnus called Sand Apple in English is a plant which can be found in Namibia. It is a relative of persimmons and ebony and like these provides useful wood and edible fruit. It may also have medical properties and some other uses.
 Terminalia paniculata is a tree native to southwest India (including the Western Ghats and Karnataka). Known in the timber trade as kindal it has a variety of names in local languages.It is economically important for wood medicinal uses and raising silkworms.It is widely planted throughout India.
 Eriogonum cernuum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name nodding buckwheat. It is native to much of western North America where it grows in sandy and gravelly habitat including woodland and sagebrush. It is an annual herb growing up to about 60 centimeters in maximum height with a thin branching flowering stem. The rounded woolly leaves are one or two centimeters wide and are mainly located about the base of the stem.
 Cheilanthes acrostica is a species of lip fern
 The Lance's Brassia (Brassia lanceana) is a species of orchid.
 Bulbophyllum menghaiense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Cylindropuntia whipplei (formerly known as Opuntia whipplei common name whipple cholla) is a plant. The Zuni people rub the spines off the fruit and then dry them for winter use. The dried fruit is also ground into a flour mixed with ground corn meal and made into a mush. Spineless fruits are eaten raw or stewed.
 Cornus canadensis (Canadian dwarf cornel Canadian bunchberry quatre-temps crackerberry creeping dogwood) is a species of flowering plant in the Cornaceae (dogwood) family native to eastern Asia (Japan Korea northeastern China (Jilin Province) and the Russian Far East) northern USA Colorado New Mexico Canada and Greenland. Unlike its relatives which are for the most part substantial trees and shrubs C.
 Vernonia nonoensis is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family that is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Abutilon theophrasti (Velvetleaf China Jute Buttonweed Butterprint Pie-marker or Indian Mallow) is an annual plant in the family Malvaceae native to southern Asia. Its specific epithet theophrasti commemorates the ancient Greek botanist-philosopher Theophrastus.
 Dicerandra immaculata is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names Lakela's mint Olga's mint and spotless balm. It is endemic to Florida in the United States where it is known only from Indian River and St. Lucie Counties. There are seven occurrences of the plant two of which are scheduled for destruction as the land is cleared for development.
 Micranthes odontoloma is a species of flowering plant known by the common name brook saxifrage. It is native to much of western North America where it can be found in many types of moist and rocky habitat types. It is a perennial herb growing from a caudex and rhizome system. It produces a clump of leaves with rounded toothed or scalloped blades on long thin petioles. The branching inflorescence arises on a slender erect peduncle up to half a meter tall bearing many flowers.
 Syncalathium is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Anisophyllea impressinervia is a species of plant in the Anisophylleaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Eleocharis parvula is a species of spikesedge known by the common names dwarf spikerush small spikerush and hairgrass in aquaria. It has a circumboreal distribution growing throughout Eurasia and North America into Central America. It is a plant of brackish and saltwater habitat such as marshes and mudflats. It is a perennial herb growing tufts of spongy compressible stems not more than 10 centimeters tall.
 Cousiniopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Ferraria crispa is a species of monocotyledonous flowering plant in the family Iridaceae. It is native to South Africa. In Australia it is commonly referred to as Black Flag. It is also known as Starfish Lily.
 The Large-flowered Cypripedium (Cypripedium macranthos) is a species of orchid.
 Impatiens omeiana is a species of flowering plant in the family Balsaminaceae. It is endemic to China where it occurs in Sichuan.The wild plant is rhizomatous growing up to half a meter tall with large yellow flowers.It is grown in cultivation as an ornamental plant. One common name is hardy impatiens. Cultivars include 'Eco Hardy' and 'Ice Storm'.
 Bergerocactus emoryi (golden cereus golden-spined cereus golden snakecactus) is a species of cactus. It is the sole member of the genus Bergerocactus named after Alwin Berger. The plant is also known as snake cactus though this latter name also applies to Echinocereus pensilis.This cactus is frail appear in clusters has up to 20 ribs and ramifications. It is rarely higher than 1 m and diameter is usually less than 5 cm.
 Veronica serpyllifolia (thymeleaf or thyme-leaved speedwell) is a perennial flowering plant in the Plantain family. It can be found on most continents.
 Tauschia howellii is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Howell's umbrellawort. It is endemic to the Klamath Mountains of far southern Oregon and far northern California where it is limited to nine occurrences in the Siskiyou Mountains. It grows in mountain forests on gravelly granite soils often among stands of Shasta red fir (Abies magnifica var. shastensis). Despite its rarity it is stable and not considered very endangered.
 Quercus tonduzii is a species of oaks of the Fagaceae family. The tree is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Aquilaria beccariana is a species of plant in the Thymelaeaceae family. It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 In taxonomy Halochlorococcum is a genus of algae specifically of the Chlorocystidaceae.
 Potamogeton amplifolius commonly known as largeleaf pondweed or broad-leaved pondweed is an aquatic plant of North America. It grows in water bodies such as lakes ponds and rivers often in deep water.This perennial plant grows from rhizomes and produces a very slender cylindrical sometimes spotted stem up to a meter or so long. The leaves take two forms. Submersed leaves are up to 20 centimeters long by 7 wide and may be folded along their midribs.
 Melilotus indicus sometimes incorrectly written Melilotus indica is a yellow-flowered herb native to northern Africa Europe and Asia but naturalized throughout the rest of the world.Common names in English include sweet clover (or sweet-clover) sour clover (sour-clover sourclover) Indian sweet-clover annual yellow sweetclover Bokhara clover small-flowered sweet clover common melilot small-flowered melilot small melilot sweet melilot Californian lucerne and Hexham scent.
 Mora is a genus of large trees in the subfamily Caesalpinioideae of the legume family Fabaceae.
 Stachys recta commonly known as stiff hedgenettle or perennial yellow woundwort is herbaceous perennial plant belonging to the Lamiaceae family.
 Disocactus is a genus of epiphytic cacti in the tribe Hylocereeae found in Central America the Caribbean and northern South America. It should not be confused with Discocactus which is a different genus.Species of Disocactus grow in tropical regions either on trees as epiphytes or on rocks as lithophytes. They have two distinct growth habits. Species such as D. phyllanthoides have stems which are round at the base but then become flattened and leaflike. Other species such as D.
 Enydra is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Werauhia ampla is a species of the genus Werauhia. This species is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Pithecoctenium is a Bignoniaceae genus of some 20 species of climbing shrubs occurring in the Caribbean and Tropical South America from Brazil to Mexico. Leaves are opposite with 3 entire and stalked leaflets the terminal leaflet sometimes being modified into a tendril. The genus has distinctive prickly capsules. The white or violet flowers are in simple racemes sometimes branched. The genus is closely related to Bignonia and Anemopaegma.Pithecoctenium crucigerum (L.) A.H.
 Diplazium molokaiense is a rare species of fern known by the common name Molokai twinsorus fern. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is one of the rarest ferns. It has historically been found on the islands of Kauai Oahu Lanai Molokai and Maui but it is thought to have been extirpated from four of them and today it only exists on Maui. There are fewer than 70 individual plants remaining there. The fern was federally listed as an endangered species of the United States in 1994.
 Zamia angustifolia is a species of plant in the Zamiaceae family. It is found in the Bahamas and Cuba. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Viola adunca is a species of violet known by the common names hookedspur violet early blue violet sand violet and western dog violet. It is native to North America including the western half of the United States to New England northward throughout Canada. This is a hairy compact plant growing from a small rhizome system. The leaves are spade- or heart-shaped sometimes with broadly wavy margins. They are generally 1 to 4 centimeters long.
 Platanus orientalis or oriental plane is a large deciduous tree of the Platanaceae family growing to 30 m (98 ft) or more and known for its longevity and spreading crown.
 Chamaecyparis pisifera (Sawara Cypress or Sawara Japanese: サワラ Sawara) is a species of false cypress native to central and southern Japan on the islands of Honshū and Kyūshū.It is a slow-growing coniferous tree growing to 35–50 m tall with a trunk up to 2 m in diameter. The bark is red-brown vertically fissured and with a stringy texture.
 Philodendron pachycaule is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Poeciloneuron is a plant genus in the family Calophyllaceae.
 Schefflera harmsii is a species of plant in the Araliaceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Dipterocarpus sublamellatus grows as a large tree up to 70 metres (230 ft) tall with a trunk diameter of up to 3 metres (10 ft). Bark is orange-brown. The fruits are round up to 3 cm (1 in) in diameter. It is found in a variety of now vulnerable habitats from sea-level to 400 metres (1300 ft) altitude. D. sublamellatus is native to Malaysia and Indonesia.
 Prostanthera galbraithiae commonly known as Wellington mint-bush is a flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae. It is endemic to Victoria in Australia.
 Alchemilla erythropoda (dwarf lady's mantle) is a species of flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the family Rosaceae native to Eastern Europe. It forms a clump of hairy palmate leaves up to 15 centimetres (5.9 in) high with sprays of yellow flowers in early summer. The leaves of this and its relative A. mollis are noted for being highly water-repellent.This plant is valued as groundcover in cultivation in temperate regions.
 Tripodion is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
 Nicotiana tabacum or cultivated tobacco is a perennial herbaceous plant. It is found only in cultivation where it is the most commonly grown of all plants in the Nicotiana genus and its leaves are commercially grown in many countries to be processed into tobacco. It grows to heights between 1 to 2 metres. Research is ongoing into its ancestry among wild Nicotiana species but it is believed to be a hybrid of Nicotiana sylvestris Nicotiana tomentosiformis and possibly Nicotiana otophora.
 Campanula cervicaria (bristly bellflower) is a species of bellflower (Campanula) in the family Campanulaceae. The plant is roughly hairy and the flowers are about 1–2 centimetres (0.4–0.8 in) long light blue and are grouped together.
 Muscat Rouge à Petits Grains is a wine grape for white wine that is a member of the Muscat family of Vitis vinifera. Its name comes from its characteristic small berry size and tight clusters and from its skin colour. It's a variation of the more common Muscat Blanc à Petits Grains with a reddish colour which in some of its synonyms are described as brown gray or violet. Muscat Rose à Petits Grains is a further variation with lighter pinkish skin colour.It originates from Greece.
 Astroloma is an endemic Australian genus of around 20 species of flowering plants in the family Ericaceae.The majority of the species are endemic in Western Australia but a few species occur in New South Wales Victoria Tasmania and South Australia.Species include:Astroloma baxteri A.Cunn. ex DC. Astroloma cataphractum A.J.G.Wilson MS Astroloma ciliatum (Lindl.) Druce Astroloma compactum R.Br. Astroloma conostephioides (Sond.) F.Muell. ex Benth.
 Navarretia subuligera is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name awl-leaf pincushionplant. It is native to southern Oregon and northern California where it grows in open wet habitat such as meadows and vernal pools. It is a hairy purple-colored annual herb growing up to about 16 centimeters tall. The leaves are divided into many linear lobes. The inflorescence is a cluster of many flowers surrounded by leaflike bracts with awl-shaped lobes.
 The red-orange ada (Ada aurantiaca) is a species of orchid and the type species of its genus.16x Media related to Ada aurantiaca at Wikimedia Commons
 The Siberian Elm Ulmus pumila cultivar 'Mr. Buzz' is a selection made by the Westerveldt Tree Co. of Selma Alabama.
 Prunus mandshurica called Manchurian apricot and Scout apricot is a tree in the genus Prunus. It was first described by Karl Maximovich in 1883 as a variety of the Siberian apricot (Tibetan apricot) Prunus armeniaca. It is resistant to cold and is native to northeast China Korea and Manchuria. It is highly susceptible to plum pox potyvirus.
 Schlumbergera opuntioides is a species of plant in the Cactaceae family. It is endemic to the coastal mountains of south-eastern Brazil where its natural habitats are humid forests and rocky areas. It is threatened by habitat loss. It is in the same genus as the popular house plant known as Christmas Cactus or Thanksgiving Cactus.
 Quararibea velutina is a species of flowering plant in the Bombacaceae family.It is found only in Peru.
 Southern mountain cranberry Vaccinium erythrocarpum – also commonly known as bearberry arando and dingleberry – is a type of cranberry native to the Southeastern United States. Vaccinium erythrocarpum is a deciduous shrub. Its flowers bloom in June; the individual flowers are hermaphrodite and are pollinated by insects. They produce scarlet transparent berries.It grows in woodlands and areas of dappled shade. It is also known under the synonym Oxycoccus erythrocarpus.
 Billardiera cymosa Sweet apple-berry is a small vine native to woodland and coastal heath of Victoria and South Australia. The leaves are slender and stems are twining. Flowers are bluish greenish or cream. The fruit is a sausage shaped berry 1–1.5 cm long.
 Stahlia is a monotypic genus of legume in the Fabaceae family containing the single species Stahlia monosperma (Cóbana Negra or Cóbana Polisandro).It is found in the Dominican Republic Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands U.S..It is a federally listed threatened species of the United States.
 Symplocos calycodactylos is a species of plant in the Symplocaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lomatium mohavense is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Mojave desertparsley. It is native to the southern half California and adjacent sections of Arizona and Baja California where it is known from several types of mountain and desert habitat including chaparral woodland and scrub.
 Crassula colorata (Dense Stonecrop) is an annual plant in the family Crassulaceae. The species is endemic to Australia occurring in Western Australia South Australia New South Wales and Victoria.
 Blandfordia nobilis commonly known as Christmas Bells is a tufted perennial herb native to eastern Australia. Known as Gadigalbudyari in the Cadigal language of the local Indigenous Australians.
 Jatropha unicostata is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Socotra island Yemen. Its name in Soqotri is sibru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Kostermanthus is a genus of plant in family Chrysobalanaceae. Species include: Kostermanthus malayus (Kosterm.) Prance comb. nov.
 Polystachya superposita is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family. It is found in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lasiurus is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Irenella is a genus of plant in family Amaranthaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Irenella chrysotricha Suess.
 Persicaria amplexicaulis (mountain fleece or red bistort) is a species of flowering plant in the family Polygonaceae native to the Himalayas.
 Trochocarpa clarkei commonly known as lilac berry is a species of flowering plant in the family Ericaceae. It is endemic to Victoria in Australia. It is a shrub which grows to around 30 cm high. The flowers are maroon with a greenish base. The fruits which appear in autumn are about 8 mm in diameter. These are eaten by small mammals and birds.
 For the racehorse see Ginger Gold (horse).Ginger Gold is a yellow apple variety which entered commerce in the 1980s though the original seedling dates from the late 1960s.
 Bulbophyllum myolaense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Acer micranthum is a species of maple in the snakebark maple group native to Japan occurring on Honshū Kyūshū and Shikoku. It has no widely used English name; its Japanese name is コミネカエデ Kominekaede (Komine Maple; kaede = maple).It is a small sometimes shrubby tree growing to 6-10 m tall with slender arching branches. The bark is smooth and striped at first becoming rough and dull grey on mature trees. The shoots and winter buds are dark purple-red.
 Unxia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Downingia bella also known as Hoover's calicoflower or Hoover's Downingia is a member of the Bellflower Family (Campanulaceae). The genus is named after A.J. Downing (1815-1852) a noted American horticulturist and landscape architect.This native annual herb is endemic to California and found in valley grassland communities. Its habitat is wetlands generally vernal pools between 4600 and 5250 feet (1400 to 1600m). As approximately 90% of vernal pools in California have been lost D.
 Bulbophyllum densibulbum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Gymnostoma australianum also named the Daintree pine or oak is a species of small trees which grow naturally only (endemic) in a restricted area of the Daintree tropical rainforests region within the larger region of the Wet Tropics of north-eastern Queensland Australia.
 Nepenthes 'Dwarf Peacock' is a cultivar of a complex manmade hybrid involving N. khasiana N. ventricosa and a plant identified as N. thorelii. It was bred by Bruce Lee Bednar and Orgel Clyde Bramblett in 1986. This cultivar name is not established as it was published without a description violating Article 24.1 of the International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants. It first appeared in print in the March 1994 issue of the Carnivorous Plant Newsletter as x “Dwarf Peacock”.
 Mosannona pachiteae is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Grey Plum redirects here. This may also be used for Yellow Persimmon (D. australis) its southern relative.Diospyros pentamera is a common rainforest tree in the Ebony or Persimmon family (Ebenaceae) growing from near Batemans Bay (36° S) in New South Wales to the Atherton Tableland (17° S) in tropical Queensland Australia. It is commonly known as the Myrtle Ebony Black Myrtle Grey Plum or Grey Persimmon.
 Eucalyptus agglomerata known by the common name Blue leaved Stringybark is a tree native to eastern Australia. Eucalyptus agglomerata was first described by Joseph Maiden in 1922. Its specific name a Latin adjective for crowded and referring to the crowded gumnuts. The type specimen was collected in 1896 by Maiden from Hill Top in the Southern Highlands district of New South Wales.Blue-leaved stringybark is a koala food tree.
 Kaempferia rotunda (blackhormSanskrit: भूमीचम्पा((In Kannada: Nela Sampige)) Hindi: भूमी चम्पा Malayalam: ചെങ്ങനീർകിഴങ്ങ് / മലങ്കൂവ ) is a spicy plant and has many medicinal uses in Ayurvedic and allopathic medicinal systems. This plant is also called:Bhumi champaIndian crocusPeacock gingerRound-rooted galangaleKaempferia rotunda is found in various parts of India and adjoining regions but seldom in the wild.
 Bulbophyllum neocaledonicum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Epilobium septentrionale with the common names Humboldt County Fuchsia and Northern Willowherb is a species of willowherb. Like the wildflower zauschneria this plant was once treated as a member of genus Zauschneria but has more recently been placed with the willowherbs.
 Centropogon erythraeus is a species of plant in the Campanulaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Hippeastrum aviflorum is a flowering perennial herbaceous bulbous plant in the Amaryllidaceae family found in Argentina.
 Ismene or Peruvian daffodil is a genus of tender perennial bulbs bearing a strong resemblance to Hymenocallis a genus into which Ismene had often been grouped in the past. However its morphology differs from Hymenocallis in several significant ways: its vegetation natural range and chromosome number are all distinct.Native to Peru Bolivia and Ecuador Ismene can be difficult to grow in the United States.
 Syringa × persica the Persian lilac is a hybrid thought to originate from a cross of Syringa × laciniata and S. afghanica. Its height grows up to 4-8 and spreads about 5–10 ft and prefers warmer winter climates (Zones 5-9) than many species of lilac.This is a different plant than Melia azedarach also sometimes called Persian lilac.
 Pulsatilla vernalis (spring pasqueflower arctic violet lady of the snows) is a species of flowering plant in the family Ranunculaceae native to mountainous habitats in Europe. Growing to 10 cm (4 in) high and wide it is a semi-evergreen perennial with hairy divided leaves.
 Asplundia nonoensis is a species of plant in the Cyclanthaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Lysimachia quadrifolia (whorled loosestrife whorled yellow loosestrife crosswort) is a species of herbaceous plant in the family Myrsinaceae. It native to the eastern United States and Canada.
 Pentadiplandra brazzeana Baill. (or Oubli) is the sole species in the plant genus Pentadiplandra which is placed alone in family Pentadiplandraceae.The plant was rediscovered in 1985 by Marcel and Anette Hladik both working at the Paris National Nature Museum who were studying the eating habits of apes in Gabon.
 Eucalyptus tindaliae known by the common name Tindale's Stringybark is a tree native to coastal eastern Australia. Occurring north from Coffs Harbour usually on the poorer soils in high rainfall areas.A tree up to 30 metres tall. It has rough fibrous stringy bark usually coloured grey over brown. Adult leaves are 7 to 13 cm long 1.3 to 3 cm wide a glossy green. The same colour above and below the leaf. Flowering is from May to July. Gumnuts without stems or with very short stems.
 Sarracenia leucophylla also known as the white pitcher plant is a carnivorous plant in the genus Sarracenia. Like all the Sarracenia it is native to the New World and inhabits moist and low-nutrient longleaf pine (Pinus palustris) savannas along the United States Gulf Coast generally west of the Apalachicola River on the Florida Panhandle.
 Aeschynanthus radicans is a vine-like plant native to the humid tropics of the Malay Peninsula south to Java.It is an epiphyte or lithophyte growing to 1.5 m tall with leathery green leaves that are 4–8 cm long ovate to lanceolate opposite or whorled. The flowers are terminal tubular 5-7.5 cm long with the upper lobes shorter than the lower.
 Small and short-lived Erysimum 'Chelsea Jacket' is a perennial cultivar of Erysimum cheiri usually grown for its long-lasting and brightly coloured flowers. It is closely related to Cheiranthus. This plant has been given an RHS Award of Garden Merit. Normal height is about 30 cm prostrate habit.The plant flourishes in full sun and well-drained soil and is fairly hardy. It flowers continually from late spring to late summer.
 Bulbophyllum coriophorum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.16x Media related to Bulbophyllum coriophorum at Wikimedia Commons
 Bartlett's rātā (Metrosideros bartlettii) or the Cape Reinga white rātā is one of twelve Metrosideros species endemic to New Zealand and is notable for its extreme rarity and its white flowers somewhat uncommon in that genus of red-flowered trees and plants. Its natural range is in the far north of the North Island at Te Paki in three patches of dense native forest near Spirits Bay (34° S) that escaped destruction by fire namely Radar Bush Kohuronaki Bush and Unuwhao Bush.
 Brachyloma is a genus of shrubs in the heather family Ericaceae. The genus is endemic to Australia.Species include:Brachyloma ciliatum (R.Br.) Benth.Brachyloma concolor (F.Muell.) Benth. Brachyloma daphnoides (Sm.) Benth. Brachyloma delbi CranfieldBrachyloma depressum (F.Muell.) Benth.Brachyloma ericoides (Schltdl.) Sond.Brachyloma mogin Cranfield Brachyloma nguba Cranfield Brachyloma preissii Sond.Brachyloma saxicola J.T.HunterBrachyloma scortechinii F.Muell.↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1 ↑
 Calamagrostis fulgida is a species of grass in the Poaceae family.It is found only in Ecuador and parts of Chile.
 Bulbophyllum atrolabium is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Grevillea johnsonii (Johnson's Grevillea) is a shrub species which is endemic to New South Wales in Australia.It grows to between 2 and 4.5 metres high. The leaves are 10 to 25 cm long and have narrow lobes that are 0.7 to 1.5 mm wide. Flowers appear between August and November (late winter to late spring) in the species native range.
 Garcinia pyrifera is a species of flowering plant in the Clusiaceae family.It is found in Malaysia and Singapore.
 Genus Eremalche is a small group of flowering plants in the mallow family. They are endemic to the United States desert southwest.Species:Eremalche exilis - white mallowEremalche parryi - Parry's mallowEremalche rotundifolia - desert five-spotThe California endangered plant sometimes called Eremalche kernensis is today generally considered to be a subspecies of Parry's mallow Eremalche parryi ssp kernensis.
 Geum rivale the water avens is a flowering plant of the family Rosaceae. Other names for the plant are nodding avens drooping avens cure-all water flower and indian chocolate. It is native to much of Europe with the exception of Mediterranean areas as well as some parts of Central Asia and North America. In North America it is known as purple avens.
 Ophioglossum pusillum is a species of fernlike plant in the family Ophioglossaceae known by the common name northern adder's tongue. It is native to northern North America where it is widespread in moist areas such as marshes fens and meadows. It is found from northern California through Alaska on the west and from central Appalachia through the northern Great Plains and the Great Lakes regions across the Northeastern United States and Eastern Canada.
 Hanabusaya is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Campanulaceae the bellflowers containing the single species Hanabusaya asiatica. It is endemic to Korea. It is known in English as diamond bluebell and in Korean as Geumgang Chorong having been named for the site at which it was first discovered Geumgangsan Mountain.This species is a perennial herb bearing pendulous bell-shaped flowers with five-lobed violet corollas. The flowers are pollinated by bees.
 Bucquetia is a genus of plant in family Melastomataceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Bucquetia nigritella (Naudin) Triana
 Astragalus holmgreniorum is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common names Holmgren milkvetch and paradox milkvetch. It is native to a tiny section of desert shrub woodland on the border between Utah and Arizona in the far northern Mojave Desert. There are six populations remaining. It is a federally listed endangered species.This is a perennial herb with no stem just leaves emerging directly from the root crown.
 'Flirt' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Neoregelia in the Bromeliad family.
 Helenieae is a tribe of the plant family Asteraceae. The type genus is Helenium but the best known members of the tribe are the Gaillardia. Heleniaea are usually placed in their own tribe but some authors include this and several other tribes as subtribes within a broader definition of the tribe Heliantheae.
 Thomasia purpurea is a small shrub that is endemic to the southwest of Western Australia. It usually grows to between 0.3 and 1.2 metres in height. Pink to purple flowers are produced between April and December in the species native range.The species was first formally described by Swedish botanist Jonas Carlsson Dryander his description published in William Aiton's Hortus Kewensis in 1811 as Lasiopetalum purpureum.
 Circaeasteraceae is a family of two species of herbaceous plants native to China and the Himalayas.The family has been recognized by many taxonomists. The APG II system (2003; unchanged from the APG system of 1998) recognizes it and places it in the order Ranunculales in the clade eudicots. It treats the family to consist of two species Circaeaster agrestis and Kingdonia uniflora but allows the option of segregating the latter species as family Kingdoniaceae.
 Turpinia malabarica is an endemic tree species of the Western Ghats.
 Pouteria tenuisepala is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is found in Brazil and French Guiana.
 Hydrangea robusta is a species of Hydrangea native to China and the Himalayas.
 Pinus luchuensis commonly called Luchu pine or Okinawa pine is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family endemic to and locally abundant in the Ryukyu Islands of Japan. It was once threatened by habitat loss in the wild where it can be found growing in small stands near windy ocean shores. Having been harvested widely since the Second World War the remaining stands are no longer commercially viable except when cultivated for ornamental use.
 Lepidosperma is a genus of flowering plant of the family Cyperaceae native to Asia Australia New Caledonia and New Zealand.
 Hakea archaeoides is a large shrub or small tree endemic to forest areas on the north coast of New South Wales Australia.The plant grows up to 7 metres in height and 4 metres in width at maturity. It has red and greenish-yellow flowers in pendant axillary clusters that appear from spring to early summer bearing fruit in woody seed capsules that are approximately 2 to 3 cm long. The leaves are up to 25 cm long and 1 to 3 cm wide.
 Dorstenia crenulata is a species of herb in the Moraceae plant family which is native to Cuba.
 Brackenridgea palustris is a species of plant in the Ochnaceae family. It is found in Indonesia Malaysia the Philippines and Singapore.
 Glochidion johnstonei is a species of plant in the Phyllanthaceae family. It is endemic to India.
 Echinocactus platyacanthus also known as the giant barrel cactus giant viznaga or biznaga de dulce is a species of cactus (family Cactaceae). It is native to central Mexico in the Chihuahuan Desert. This species is the largest barrel cacti. Their hairs are often used for weaving in Mexico and used to produce a traditional candy by boiling the pith.
 Topobea cutucuensis is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Carmichaelia glabrescens is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in New Zealand.
 Radula demissa is a species of liverwort.
 Astrophytum is a genus of six species of cacti. These species are sometimes referred to as living rocks though the term is also used for other genera particularly Lithops (Aizoaceae). The generic name is derived from the Greek words άστρον (astron) meaning star and φυτόν (phyton) meaning plant.
 Fritillaria recurva the scarlet fritillary is a bulb-forming herb in the Liliaceae family.
 Emmenosperma is a small genus of mostly tropical trees in the Buckthorn family Rhamnaceae.The name comes from the Greek emmeno meaning (I cleave) and sperma (seed). It refers to the seeds remaining after the fruit valves have fallen away.The following species are recognised: Emmenosperma alphitonioides F.Muell. Australia Emmenosperma cunninghamii Benth. Emmenosperma micropetalum (A.C.Sm.) M.C.Johnst. Emmenosperma pancherianum Baill. Emmenosperma papuanum (Merr.
 Nemacladus is a genus of flowering plants in the bellflower family known generally as threadplants. There are approximately 13 species native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.
 × Fatshedera lizei /fætsˈhɛdərə/ is a hybrid of flowering plants common name tree ivy or aralia ivy. The hybrid symbol × in front of the name indicates that this is an inter-generic hybrid a cross between plants from different genera. × F. lizei was created by crossing Fatsia japonica 'Moserii' (Moser's Japanese fatsia the seed parent) and Hedera helix (common ivy the pollen parent) at the Lizé Frères tree nursery at Nantes in France in 1912.
 Dipterocypsela is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Phyllanthus caroliniensis is a flowering plant native to the Americas from the southeastern United States all the way to Argentina. The flowers are small and located where the leaf meets the stem. It may have medical uses specifically in reducing pain.
 Ochlandra is a genus of bamboo (tribe Bambuseae of the family Poaceae). The genus comprises nine species of which eight are endemic to the Western Ghats (India).
 Trithrinax brasiliensis is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is known as carandá burití or leque. It is considered a rare and endemic species in southern Brazil occurs in Argentina and southern Brazil. Nowadays it is considered a threatened species belonging to the category In Danger in the List of Threatened species of Rio Grande do Sul state southern Brazil.
 Bulbophyllum taeniophyllum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Aglaonema is a genus of flowering plants in the arum family Araceae. They are native to tropical and subtropical regions of Asia. They are known commonly as Chinese evergreens.
 Apeiba tibourbou is a tree native to Caatinga and Cerrado vegetation in Brazil and Costa Rica. It is used as an alternative fiber crop to make paper.
 Esenbeckia leiocarpa is a species of flowering plant in the citrus family Rutaceae that is endemic to Brazil. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Buddleja cuspidata is a species endemic to Madagascar where it grows along river banks. The species was first named and described by Baker in 1895
 Zantedeschia aethiopica (common names calla lily arum lily; a.k.a. varkoor an Afrikaans name meaning 'pig's ear') is a species in the family Araceae native to southern Africa in Lesotho South Africa and Swaziland.
 Calyptranthes simulata is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Rumex hymenosepalus commonly known as canaigre ganagra wild rhubarb Arizona dock and tanner's dock is a perennial flowering plant which is native to the western United States and northern Mexico. It has been cultivated in the southwestern United States for the roots a good source of tannin which is used in leather tanning. It also yields a yellow dye.
 Euphyllophytina the euphyllophytes is a taxon – sometimes unranked sometimes placed at the informal rank of subdivision – within the tracheophytes. It is sister to subdivision Lycopodiophyta. Euphyllophytina contains the two groups Spermatophytes (seed plants) and Monilophytes (ferns) as well as a number of extinct fossil taxa. The division of the extant tracheophytes into three monophyletic lineages is supported in multiple molecular studies.
 Olearia bullata is a small divaricating shrub endemic to New Zealand from the plant family Asteraceae.It has small brownish green leaves with a large amount of interlacing twigs and grows to around 3m in height.
 Alafia is a genus of lianas or climbing shrubs found in tropical Africa and Madagascar. As of August 2013 the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families recognises 26 species: Alafia alba Pichon Alafia barteri Oliv. Alafia benthamii (Baill.) Stapf Alafia berrieri Jum. Alafia calophylla Pichon Alafia caudata Stapf Alafia erythrophthalma (K.Schum) Leeuwenb. Alafia falcata Leeuwenb.
 Bolboschoenus robustus is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family. It is known by many common names: saltmarsh bulrush alkali bulrush sturdy bulrush seacoast bulrush stout bulrush three-cornered sedge or leafy three-cornered sedge and seaside club-rush.B. robustus is native to North America where it can be found along the eastern and southern coasts from Nova Scotia south to Florida and west to the Mexican coastline. It is also known in California.
 The American Elm Ulmus americana cultivar 'Folia Aurea Variegata' was first described by Jäger in Ziergholze der Garten und Parkanlagen 548 1865.
 Vriesea arpocalyx is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Diospyros decandra is a tropical tree in the Ebony family. Its flowers are white. It is a popular tree in Vietnam where it is grown in urban areas and close to temples. It is also the provincial tree of Chanthaburi Province Thailand.
 Helianthus niveus is a species of sunflower known by the common names showy sunflower and snowy sunflower. It is native to northern Mexico and the southwestern United States from California to Texas. This is a taprooted annual or perennial sunflower growing to a maximum height over one meter. The leaves are oval or lance-shaped often with irregular lobes or teeth and are covered in soft white hairs.
 Gigaspermaceae are a family of mosses in subclass Funariidae.
 Stylidium rotundifolium is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Stylidium (family Stylidiaceae). It is an erect annual plant that grows from 4 to 18 cm tall. Obovate or oblanceolate leaves about 4-17 per plant form a basal rosette around the compressed stem. The leaves are generally 5–29 mm long and 3–10 mm wide. This species generally has one to ten scapes and cymose inflorescences that are 4–18 cm long. Flowers are pink or white. S.
 Hohenbergiopsis is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae subfamily Bromelioideae. The genus name is from the genus “Hohenbergia” and the Greek “opsis” (resembling) because it resembles the genus Hohenbergia.
 Bulbophyllum longipetiolatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Salvinia minima is a species of aquatic floating fern that grows on the surface of still waterways. It is usually referred to as common salvinia or water spangles'. Salvinia minima is native to South America and was introduced to the United States in the 1920s-1930s. It is classified as an invasive species internationally and can be detrimental to native habitats. This species is similar to but should not be confused with giant salvinia Salvinia molesta.
 Bulbophyllum dennisii is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Rosenia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Epimedium wushanense the Wushan fairy wings is a flowering plant species in the genus Epimedium.
 Neoroepera buxifolia is a species of plants under the family Picrodendraceae. The genus Neoroepera is monotypic.
 Sambucus gaudichaudiana white elderberry is an understorey shrub native to coastal rainforest and cool forests of eastern and south-eastern Australia.The leaves are compound. White flowers are borne in large clusters followed by shiny white berries 3-6 mm across.
 Polystichum lonchitis is a species of fern known by the common name northern holly fern or simply holly fern. It is native to much of the Northern Hemisphere from Eurasia to Alaska to Greenland and south into mountainous central North America. It grows in moist shady rocky mountain habitat. This fern produces several erect linear leaves up to 60 centimeters long.
 Achyranthes is a genus of medicinal and ornamental plants in the Amaranthaceae family.Species include: Achyranthes arborescens Achyranthes aspera (= A. argentea) (Sanskrit : apamarg (अपामार्ग)) Achyranthes atollensis Achyranthes bidentata Achyranthes canescens Achyranthes faureri Achyranthes indica Achyranthes japonica Achyranthes longifolia Achyranthes margaretarum Achyranthes mutica Achyranthes splendens Achyranthes talbotiiThe herb is used in Traditional Chinese Medicine practice.
 Begonia boliviensis is a plant in the begonia family Begoniaceae which was introduced to Europe in 1864 by Richard Pearce who discovered it in the Bolivian Andes although the plant had previously been identified by Hugh Weddell in the same region but not introduced.Begonia boliviensis is of special historical interest to gardeners being one of the species used by John Seden in the production of the first hybrid tuberous begonia raised in England B.
 Leptosiphon nudatus (syn. Linanthus nudatus) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Tehachapi linanthus.
 Leptolaena gautieri is a species of flowering plant in the Sarcolaenaceae family.It is found only in Madagascar.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eschweilera amplexifolia is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.It is found only in Panama.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Astrocaryum minus is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is found in Brazil and French Guiana.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cereus mirabella is a species of plant in the Cactaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitat is dry savanna. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Agrostis perennans (Upland bentgrass Upland bent Autumn bent Agrostide perennant) is species of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Collaea is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
 The Red Tingle (Eucalyptus jacksonii) of south west Western Australia is one of the tallest trees in the state and can measure up to 24 metres round at the base and grow to a height of 75 metres and live for up to 400 years.The trees often have shallow root systems and grow a buttressed base. Forest fires often act to hollow out the base of the trees creating a large cavity. The distribution of the species has been shrinking due to climate change over millions of years.
 Anthurium spathulifolium is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Purple Leafed Jersey or Guernsey Elm Ulmus minor var. sarniensis 'Purpurea' now appears to be confined to Australia.
 Dactyloctenium is a grass genus in the family Poaceae. The approximately ten species in this genus are collectively known as crowfoot grasses. They are mainly native to Africa and Australia.
 Wahlenbergia stricta or Australian Bluebell Tall or Austral Bluebell is an Australian wildflower from the Campanulaceae family. It is considered the most commonly encountered of the Wahlenbergias. It is found in all Australian states but not the Northern Territory. It is often seen growing by the side of the road enjoying the extra runoff.W. stricta is a perennial herb flowering mainly in spring or summer with pale blue bell-like flowers.
 Primula denticulata (drumstick primrose) is a species of flowering plant in the family Primulaceae native to moist alpine regions of Asia from Afghanistan to south eastern Tibet Burma and China.
 Dillwynia phylicoides is a plant in the pea family Fabaceae that is native to Australia. The species is a prostrate or erect shrub up to 1.5 metres in height. The small twisted linear leaves are 3-8 mm long. The pea flowers appear in terminal clusters of 1 to 8 flowers in spring.
 Eucalyptus preissiana also known as Bell-fruited Mallee is a small tree or shrub which occurs in an area between Albany and Esperance in Western Australia.It is a mallee eucalyptus with smooth grey bark that usually grows to between 2 and 3 metres in height. The leaves are large ovate thick and blunt-tipped. The flowers buds have rounded reddish-coloured caps and thick peduncles.
 Euphorbia biaculeata is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Triphysaria is a genus of five plants in the broomrape family which are known generally as owl's clovers. This genus is closely related to the genera Castilleja and Orthocarpus. Triphysaria are native to western North America including a species endemic to California.
 Melaleuca /ˌmɛləˈljuːkə/ is a genus of plants in the myrtle family Myrtaceae known for its natural soothing and cleansing properties. There are well over 200 recognised species most of which are endemic to Australia. A few species occur in Malesia and 7 species are endemic to New Caledonia.
 Geum urbanum also known as wood avens herb Bennet colewort and St. Benedict's herb (Latin herba benedicta) is a perennial plant in the rose family (Rosaceae) which grows in shady places (such as woodland edges and near hedgerows) in Europe and the Middle East.Usually reaching a height between 20 and 60 cm wood avens blooms between May and August and its flowers are 1 - 2 cm in diameter having five bright yellow petals. The hermaphrodite flowers are scented and pollinated by bees.
 Billbergia pyramidalis is a species of the genus Billbergia.The flowers on an individual plant last less than one month but nearly all the plants will come into bloom at the same time in the late summer. They are equally distributed as a terrestrial or epiphytic. When planted in the ground they quickly create large clumps and when planted at the base of a tree will slowly climb the trunk.
 Balaka tahitensis is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family. It is found only in Samoa.
 Discospermum spaherocarpum is a small tree of family Rubiaceae that is endemic to Sri Lanka. Sometimes due to various classifications it is accepted that the plant is also found in India. In Sri Lanka this endemic species is commonly known as Tricalysia dalzellii in text books and field guides.
 Canarium is a genus of about 100 species of tropical and subtropical trees in the family Burseraceae.
 Ovate-leaved Catchfly (Silene ovata Pursh.) is a herbaceous plant in the plant family Caryophyllaceae. This perennial plant grows up to 1.5 m tall and has large opposite leaves without petioles which are 5–12 cm long and taper to a long point 2–5 cm wide and numerous finely fringed white flowers with an tube.
 Actinostrobus acuminatus (Dwarf Cypress Creeping pine Moore cypress pine) is a species of coniferous tree in the Cupressaceae (cypress family). Like the other species in the genus it is endemic to southwestern Western Australia where it can be found along the shorelines of rivers. The Mount Henry Peninsula is an example of the environment in which this cypress is found.
 Byrsophyllum tetrandrum is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to India.
 Atkinsonia is a genus of parasitic shrub (mistletoes) that is found in Australia. There is a single species A. ligustrina.
 Amblygonocarpus is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the sub family Mimosoideae.
 Acanthus hirsutus is a plant species in the genus Acanthus.A. hirsutus contains the glycosides hirsutusoide (2-(o-hydroxyphenyl)-2-hydroxyethenyl-O-beta-glucopyranoside) luteolin-7-O-beta-D-glucuronide beta-sitosterol-3-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside and (2R)-2-O-beta-D-glucopyranosyl-2H-14-benzoxazin-3(4H)-one.
 Lobelia arnhemiaca is a herb found in Western Australia Northern Territory and Queensland.
 Vachellia constricta often known as the whitethorn acacia is a shrub native to Northwest Mexico the Southwestern United States and a quite disjunct eastern population in Virginia.
 Cotoneaster glaucophyllus commonly known as bright bead cotoneaster is a native plant of China and the Himalayas.C. glaucophyllus is a spreading evergreen shrub growing up to 5 metres (16 ft) tall. The oblong leaves are 1.5–4 centimetres (0.59–1.57 in) wide by 3–8 centimetres (1.2–3.1 in) long with hairy undersides when young. Clumps of red berries are produced after flowering.In Australia and New Zealand it is considered a weed.
 Pellacalyx saccardianus is a species of plant in the Rhizophoraceae family. It is found in Malaysia and Singapore.
 Eriochilus is a genus of orchids that is endemic to AustraliaSpecies occur in south-west Western Australia South Australia Queensland New South Wales the Australian Capital Territory Victoria and Tasmania. They include: Eriochilus cucullatus (Labill.) Rchb.f. - Parson's Bands Eriochilus dilatatus Lindl. - White Bunny OrchidEriochilus helonomos Hopper & A.P.Br. Eriochilus magenteus D.L.Jones Eriochilus petricola D.L.Jones & M.A.Clem. Eriochilus pulchellus Hopper & A.P.Br.
 Myrcia crassimarginata is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Diploglottis is a genus of 10 species of trees known to science constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae. They grow naturally in rainforests and margins of adjoining humid forests in eastern Australia and New Guinea. Some species are known as native tamarind or small-leaved tamarind; they have no direct relationship with the true tamarind.One Australian species D.
 Aechmea pittieri is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is native to Costa Rica.
 Chlorococcum is a genus of algae in the family Chlorococcaceae.
 Dalbergia suaresensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family and is unique because it is only found in Madagascar. The plant's conservation status is listed as endangered and its continued existence on this planet is threatened by habitat loss.
 Buddleja davidii 'White Spread' is a Dutch cultivar developed in 1993 by the Research Station for Arboriculture Boskoop.
 Eryngium articulatum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names beethistle and jointed coyote thistle. This plant is native to the northwestern United States from California to Idaho where it is a plant of marshes and riverbanks. This is a sturdy branching perennial herb with rounded naked stems reaching maximum heights over one meter. It has a few sparse sharply serrated leaves at nodes and branching points along its stem.
 Eucalyptus sieberi the Silvertop Ash or Black Ash is a common eucalyptus tree of south eastern Australia. The range of distribution is in the higher rainfall areas from near sea level to high altitude. Growing on shallow soils of medium to low fertility south from Morisset New South Wales to Victoria and Tasmania. It can grow to 45 metres in height though is mostly seen between 15 and 30 metres tall.
 Pteleopsis tetraptera is a species of plant in the Combretaceae family. It is found in Kenya and Tanzania. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Grewia turbinata is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae sensu lato or Tiliaceae or Sparrmanniaceae family.It is found only in Yemen.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Gomphrena pohlii is a plant native to Cerrado vegetation in Brazil specially in São Paulo. This plant is cited in Flora Brasiliensis by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius.
 Cnidoscolus texanus commonly known as Texas Bullnettle Treadsoftly and Mala Mujer is a perennial herb covered with stinging hairs native to the U.S. States of Texas Arkansas Kansas Louisiana and Oklahoma. It is also native to the northern Mexican state Tamaulipas. It is an herbaceous flowering plant that grows between 30–80 cm (11.8–31.5 in) tall and as much as 1 m (3.3 ft) across.Cnidoscolus texanus has white flowers and blooms all throughout the year.
 Bulbophyllum nutans is a species of orchid.
 Sauropus macranthus commonly known as pumpkin fruit pumpkin bush or Atherton sauropis is a rainforest tree from Asia Malesia and north-east Queensland. It is listed as vulnerable under the Commonwealth Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999.
 Silene coronaria is a species of flowering plant in the carnation family Caryophyllaceae native to Asia and Europe. Common names include rose campion dusty miller (this also refers to Centaurea cineraria and Jacobaea maritima) mullein-pink and bloody William.
 Nematolepis wilsonii (Shiny Nematolepis) is an endangered shrub or small tree species which is endemic to Victoria in Australia. It may grow up to 10 metres tall and has mottled bark. The shiny green leaves are 30 to 80 mm long and 5 to 15 mm wide and have silvery scales underneath.
 Helictotrichon mannii is a species of grass in the Poaceae family.It is found in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.
 Paulowniceae is a family of flowering plants.
 Grevillea oleoides also known as Red Spider Flower is a shrub which is endemic to New South Wales in Australia.
 Dichaetophora campestris is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Baccharis huairacajensis is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Acacia deanei (Deane's wattle Green wattle; syn. Acacia paucijuga Wakef. [= Acacia deanei subsp. paucijuga] Racosperma deanei (R.T.Baker) Pedley) is a tree native to Australia which is used for controlling erosion on. There are two subspecies: Acacia deanei subsp. deanei and Acacia deanei subsp. paucijuga.
 Cnidoscolus quercifolius (syn. C. phyllacanthus) is a species of flowering plant. It is endemic to Brazil. Its distributional range includes Bahia Pernambuco Piaui and São Paulo.
 The Wych Elm Ulmus glabra cultivar 'Escaillard' was listed without description by the Andre Leroy nursery at Angers France in 1849.
 Neohintonia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Carex sect. Ovales is a section of the genus Carex containing around 85 species of sedge. It is the most diverse section of the genus in North America containing 72 species:
 Vriesea atropurpurea is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is native to Brazil.
 Colubrina asiatica is a shrub in the family Rhamnaceae that is native to tropical and subtropical regions of the Old World from eastern Africa to India southeast Asia tropical Australia and the Pacific Islands. Common names include latherleaf Asian nakedwood and Asian snakewood.
 Robsonodendron maritimum (also known as White Silky Bark or Witsybas) is a small shrubby evergreen tree that is indigenous to the coastal regions of South Africa.Its natural range extends from Cape Town along the coast as far as the Eastern Cape. In very windy areas it tends to be shaped (and effectively pruned) by the wind. Its flowers are bisexual.
 Catopsis werckleana is a species of the genus Catopsis. This species is native to Costa Rica.
 Retrophyllum piresii is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.It is found only in Brazil.
 Exomiocarpon is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Paleaepappus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Rytigynia pseudolongicaudata is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Tanzania.
 Neoregelia silvomontana is a species of the genus Neoregelia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Phacelia tanacetifolia is a species of phacelia known by the common name Lacy phacelia.
 The cam sành (Vietnamese for green orange) Citrus reticulata × maxima) is a cultivar of citrus fruit similar to an orange originating in Vietnam. The fruit may be easily recognized by its thick skin which is typically bright green (because of which it is sometimes referred to as a green orange) although the skin may also be partly green and partly orange or entirely orange. Its flesh is orange dark and sweet.
 Trophis is a genus in the plant family Moraceae which includes about nine speciesTemplate:Huh? six of which are Neotropical and three which are Palaeotropical.Recent work suggests that the genus is polyphyletic.
 Ficus lutea is a tree in the Moraceae family. It is commonly known as the Giant-leaved Fig. These trees occur from the Eastern Cape of South Africa to Tropical Africa.
 Cephalomanes elegans is a fern species in the genus Cephalomanes
 Berchemia scandens the Rattan vine or Alabama supplejack is a species of climbing plant in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae. It is not related to the Asian rattan palms.Rattan vine grows in the central and southern parts of the United States. The strong supple stem of the plant which can be up to 15 cm in diameter is often used for wickerwork.
 Aeonium holochrysum is a succulent subtropical plant of the genus Aeonium and family Crassulaceae. The plant grows as a shrub and sprouts rounded cone shaped clusters of yellow flowers in summer.
 Acacia saligna commonly known by various names including coojong golden wreath wattle orange wattle blue-leafed wattle Western Australian golden wattle and in Africa Port Jackson willow is a small tree in the family Fabaceae. Native to Australia it is widely distributed throughout the south west corner of Western Australia extending north as far as the Murchison River and east to Israelite Bay.
 Hypnodontopsis apiculata is a species of moss in the Rhachitheciaceae family. It is endemic to Japan. Its natural habitat is urban areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Paphiopedilum fairrieanum is a species of orchid occurring from the eastern Himalaya to Assam.
 Rosa 'Eden' (synonyms 'Pierre de Ronsard' 'MEIviolin' 'Eden Rose 85') is a light pink and white climbing rose. The cultivar was created by Marie-Louise Meilland and introduced in France by Meilland International in 1985 as part of the Renaissance ® Collection as 'Pierre de Ronsard' named after the French renaissance poet Pierre de Ronsard in reference to his famous ode that begins: Mignonne allons voir si la rose.
 Armeria alpina is a flowering plant in the family Plumbaginaceae.
 Plains coreopsis or calliopsis Coreopsis tinctoria is an annual forb. The plant is common to Canada Northeast Mexico much of the United States especially the Great Plains and Southern states where it is often called calliopsis.It often grows in disturbed areas such as roadsides and cultivated fields.
 Rosa stellata is a species of rose known by the common names Desert Rose and Star Rose. In Texas this type of rose grows on dry rocky places to 6500 feet such as the Trans-Pecos. It occurs in the mountain canyons of Arizona and New Mexico. It has trifoliate leaves deep rose purple blossoms and yellowish white prickles on the petioles and stems.
 Bitterroot (Lewisia rediviva Pursh) is a small low plant with a pink to white flower. It is the state flower of Montana United States.The plant is a low-growing perennial plant with a fleshy taproot and a simple or branched base. The flower stems are leafless 1–3 cm tall bearing at the tip a whorl of 5–6 linear bracts which are 5–10 mm long. A single flower appears on each stem with 6–9 oval-shaped sepals. They range in color from whitish to deep pink or rose during May and June.
 Packera streptanthifolia is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Rocky Mountain groundsel. It is native to western North America from Alaska to California to New Mexico where it can be found in mountain habitat including woodlands and rocky slopes. It is a perennial herb producing usually one erect stem sometimes a cluster of a few stems 10 to 60 centimeters in maximum height.
 The American Elm Ulmus americana cultivar 'Hines' was listed in the accessions of the Morden Arboretum [1] (1970) apparently sourced from the Hines Nursery Souris Manitoba in 1940. The tree was not recognized as a valid cultivar by some authorities.
 Haplopappus foliosus is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family that is endemic to Chile.
 César is an ancient red wine grape from northern Burgundy. It makes dark tannic wines that are softened by blending with Pinot noir.
 Salix caroliniana commonly known as the coastal plain willow is a shrub or small tree native to the southeastern United States Mexico and parts of Central America and the Caribbean. It is an obligate wetland species and grows as an emergent species in the Everglades. In the absence of fire S. caroliniana can convert herbaceous wetlands to forested wetlands. Although fires kill large woody stems and the species does not reproduce by rhizomes or root sprouts it sprouts readily after fire.
 Reichensteiner is a white wine grape that is mainly grown in Germany (106 hectares (260 acres) (2008 fig.)) England (85.38 hectares (211.0 acres) (2010 fig.)) and New Zealand (72 hectares (180 acres) (2009 fig.)).
 Pediocactus (Greek: πεδίον (pedion) means plain flat field) is a genus of cacti. The genus comprises between 6 and 11 species depending upon the authority. Species of this genus are referred to as hedgehog cacti though that name is also applied to plants from the genera Echinocereus and Echinopsis.
 Fraxinus /ˈfræksɨnəs/ is a genus of flowering plants in the olive and lilac family Oleaceae. It contains 45–65 species of usually medium to large trees mostly deciduous though a few subtropical species are evergreen. The tree's common English name ash goes back to the Old English æsc while the generic name originated in Latin. Both words also meant spear in their respective languages.
 Shorea blumutensis (also called Yellow Meranti) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
 Home Guard is a potato variety grown mainly in Ireland. Oval Shape. It is an early variety with moderate to low yields typically harvested and available in shops by mid May. The flesh is white or cream colored but shows a tendency to discoloration when cooked. It is susceptible to several diseases including blight potato cyst nematode and powdery scab.
 Microliabum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Phylloxylon is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family. It contains the following species all of which are found only in Madagascar: Phylloxylon arenicola Phylloxylon decipiens Phylloxylon perrieri Phylloxylon phillipsonii Phylloxylon spinosa Phylloxylon xiphoclada Phylloxylon xylophylloides
 Haplorhus is a genus of plant in family Anacardiaceae. Species include: Haplorhus peruviana Engler
 Coprosma baueri is an endangered shrub species in the plant Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Norfolk Island including nearby Phillip Island. Convict artist John Doody drew this species in 1792 its first record. He noted it grew only where exposed to the sea and was seldom taller than 3.7 m. He also recorded that its fruit are good to eat. Ferdinand Bauer collected the type specimen in 1804-05. In 2003 only about 228 mature plants were known.
 Adenopodia is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family that occurs in the northern Neotropics and Africa. They may grow as lianas shrubs or trees. The petioles have a distinct gland above their base hence the Greek name which is a combination of gland- and foot.
 Acalypha ostryifolia is a plant in the Euphorbiaceae family and is commonly known as hophornbeam copperleaf or pineland three-seed mercury. It is a native of North and Central America and is generally considered a weed.
 Melothria scabra is a vine grown for its edible fruit. Fruit are about the size of grapes and taste like cucumbers with a tinge of sourness. Vernacular names include mouse melon Mexican sour gherkin cucamelon Mexican miniature watermelon and Mexican sour cucumber.This plant is native to Mexico and Central America where it is called sandita (little watermelon). It is believed to have been a domesticated crop before western contact began.
 Hylophila is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Citronella is a genus of trees and shrubs in the family Cardiopteridaceae. It comprises 25 species occurring mostly in tropical climates. Earlier the genus was treated as belonging to the family Icacinaceae.
 Plagiobothrys figuratus is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name fragrant popcornflower. It is native to western North America from southern British Columbia to southwestern Oregon and it can also be found in areas east such as Michigan and Illinois.One rare subspecies ssp. corallicarpus is endemic to Oregon.
 Cestrum parqui commonly known as green cestrum green poison berry Chilean cestrum or willow-leaved jessamine and is sometimes incorrectly referred to as deadly nightshade is a species of flowering plant in the family Solanaceae that is native to central and South America.It is an upright straggly woody deciduous or semi-evergreen shrub 2–3 metres (6 ft 7 in–9 ft 10 in) tall with one or more brittle green stems.
 Potentilla biennis is a species of cinquefoil known by the common name biennial cinquefoil. It is native to western North America from northwestern Canada to the southwestern United States where it grows in moist habitat. This is an annual or biennial herb producing an erect stem up to 70 centimeters tall from a taproot. It is hairy and glandular in texture. The hairy leaves are each divided into three toothed oval leaflets each up to 3 centimeters long.
 Casearia mannii is a species of plant in the Salicaceae family. It is endemic to São Tomé and Príncipe.
 Quesnelia augusto-coburgii is a species of the genus Quesnelia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Uncaria tomentosa (popularly known in English as cat's claw although that name is also used for various other plants; in Spanish as uña de gato or as Indian name vilcacora) is a woody vine found in the tropical jungles of South and Central America which derives its name from its claw-shaped thorns. It is used as an alternative medicine in the treatment of a variety of ailments. Other common names include: hawk's claw pot hook and sparrowhawk nail.[citation needed]
 Monarda media is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name purple bergamot. It is native to eastern North America including the eastern United States and Ontario in Canada.This species is a rhizomatous perennial herb with square stems growing 2 to 3 feet tall. It may spread to form a colony. The oppositely arranged leaves are lance-shaped and mint-scented. The inflorescence contains tubular reddish purple flowers with purplish bracts beneath.
 Xylosma inaequinervium is a species of plant in the Salicaceae family. It is endemic to New Caledonia.
 Pseudogoodyera is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Tillandsia flexuosa is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Costa Rica Mexico Venezuela and the United States.
 Macropiper excelsum called Kawakawa is a small tree of which the subspecies M. excelsum subsp. excelsum is endemic to New Zealand; the subspecies M. e. subsp. psittacorum is found on Lord Howe Island Norfolk Island and the Kermadec Islands.
 Dypsis nossibensis is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family. It is found only in the Lokobe Forest in north-west Madagascar and is threatened by habitat loss. Fewer than 25 trees have been counted.
 Bulbophyllum muscohaerens is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum. It was found in Boneo (Sabah Sarawak).
 The elm cultivar 'Nana' is a very slow growing shrub that with time forms a small tree. It was believed for many years to be a form of Ulmus glabra and is known widely as the 'Dwarf Wych Elm'. However the ancestry of 'Nana' has been disputed in more recent years Melville considering the specimen once grown at Kew to have been a cultivar of Ulmus × hollandica.
 Macrozamia parcifolia is a species of plant in the Zamiaceae family. It is endemic to Australia.
 Tillandsia mandonii is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Bolivia.
 Trifolium obtusiflorum is a species of clover known by the common name clammy clover. It is native to California in the Peninsular Transverse Sierra Nevada and the California Coast Ranges and Cascade Range into southwestern Oregon. It grows in moist habitat such as marshes and streambanks and disturbed areas.
 Fleischmannia is a genus of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family. The name honours Gottfried F. Fleischmann (1777–1850) the teacher of Carl Heinrich Schultz at Erlangen. Members of the genus are native to South Central and North America with some species found as far north as Virginia and Illinois. They are commonly known as thoroughworts.Fleischmannia is in the tribe Eupatorieae and as such has flower heads with disc florets and no ray florets.
 Melaleuca papillosa is an Australian shrub.
 Dodonaea aptera commonly known as Coast Hop-bush is a species of coastal shrub endemic to Western Australia.
 Virola elongata (syn. Virola theiodora ) is a species of tree in the Myristicaceae family. The tree is native to Panama Guyana Brazil (Acre Amazonas Mato Grosso Pará Rondônia and Roraima) Bolivia Colombia Ecuador and Peru. It is also found in Suriname. Virola elongata is thin and 7.5 to 23m tall sometimes 30m tall.The trunk is about 43 cm in diameter cylindrical and has smooth brown and gray bark.
 Premna serratifolia (Sanskrit : Angnimantha अग्निमंथ; Marathi : Arani अरणी Tagalog : Alagaw ) is a small shrub in the Lamiaceae family.
 Bauhinia japonica (Chinese: 日本羊蹄甲; pinyin: ri ben yang ti jia) is a species of flowering plant in the Fabaceae family which can be found in Guangdong Hainan and Japan.
 Cirsium remotifolium is a species of thistle known by the common name fewleaf thistle. It is native to the western United States including the Pacific Coast and possibly as far east as the Rocky Mountains depending on which populations are treated as part of the species. It is sometimes part of the serpentine soils flora. This native thistle is a perennial herb growing up to about 1.5 meters tall.
 Gynoxys azuayensis is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pseudopanax is a small genus of 12–20 species of evergreen plants the majority of which are endemic to New Zealand although they also occur in Tasmania (Australia) and some plants from South America have at times been included in this genus. Flowers of the genus occur in terminal umbels.
 Bulbophyllum desmotrichoides is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Ozothamnus alpinus commonly known as Alpine Everlasting is a shrub in the family Asteraceae. It is native to alpine and subalpine areas in the states of New South Wales and Victoria in Australia.It usually grows to between 0.75 and 1 metre high and has oblong leaves that are 4 to 10 mm long and 2 to 3 mm wide.
 Agave boscii is a species of Agave. It can have 100-200 leaves which are linear stiff dark green in colour and have convex edges with white horny lines and curled threads. The flowers are 5 or 6 centimeters long on a tall inflorescence.
 Aciphylla is a genus of about 40 species of plants in the Apiaceae family endemic to New Zealand and Australia. They generally grow as tall spikes surrounded by rosettes of stiff pointed leaves. Some species are known as Spaniard Grass.
 Aira caryophyllea is a species of grass known by the common name silver hairgrass. This is a species of bunchgrass which is native to Europe. It has been introduced to other continents including North America where it is naturalized and common. Aira caryophyllea is a light green grass which has a silvery sheen on its spikelets before it dries and becomes straw-colored to white. The spikelets are borne on a spreading panicle inflorescence.
 Salvia brevilabra is a perennial plant that is native to Sichuan province in China growing on hillsides grasslands and in forests at 3200 to 3800 m (10500 to 12500 ft) elevation. It grows up to 60 cm (24 in) tall with basal leaves that are ovate to triangular-ovate 9 to 11 cm (3.5 to 4.3 in) long and 5 to 7 cm (2.0 to 2.8 in) wide. The stem leaves are somewhat smaller and more triangular in shape.
 Guzmania izkoi is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Physaria parviflora (syn. Lesquerella parviflora) is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Piceance bladderpod and frosty bladderpod. It is endemic to Colorado in the United States where it occurs in Garfield Mesa and Rio Blanco Counties.This perennial herb is coated thickly in branching hairs appearing silvery. It produces several stems that spread out along the ground reaching lengths of 10 to 30 centimeters.
 Hibbertia obtusifolia commonly known as Hoary Guinea-flower is a small shrub species that is native to south-eastern Australia. It grows to 60 cm high and has yellow flowers that appear in spring and summer.The species was first formally described in 1817 by Swiss botanist Augustin Pyramus de Candolle in Regni Vegetabilis Systema Naturale.Hibbertia obtusifolia occurs in New South Wales Victoria and Tasmania.
 Neuwiedia is a genus of primitive orchids (family Orchidaceae) comprising 9 terrestrial species. The type species is Neuwiedia veratrifolia Blume 1834 The genus is distributed in shaded damp areas from Malaysia Borneo Java to the Philippines New Guinea and southwest of the Pacific. Like the genus Apostasia of the same subfamily this genus is noted for having 3 fertile stamens instead of only one as in the case of most orchids.
 Nidularium scheremetiewii is a species of bromeliad in the genus Nidularium. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Asclepias speciosa is a species of milkweed known commonly as the showy milkweed. It is native to the western half of North America.
 Tessaria is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Packera anonyma is a species of the genus Packera and family Asteraceae.
 Colvillea racemosa is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is also known by the common name Colville's Glory. Its genus is named for Sir Charles Colville an ex Governor of Mauritius. The tree is particularly known for its bright orange flowers that grow in large cone or cylinder shaped clusters. After flowering the tree produces long flat woody seed pods.
 Billbergia nutans (Queen's-Tears) is an epiphytic bromeliad native from Brazil Uruguay and Argentina. This plant is often used as an ornamental plant and it is probably one of the most common Bromeliads grown. It is a durable house plant because this bromeliad can often withstand several periods of neglect.Being epiphytic bromeliads can grow almost anywhere - on the side of a tree or planted in the ground.
 Falcatifolium papuanum is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.It is found only in Papua New Guinea.
 Tillandsia orogenes is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Mexico.
 Begonia coccinea is a species of plant in the Begoniaceae family.
 Adenanthos cygnorum commonly known as common woollybush or just woollybush is a tall shrub in the Proteaceae family. It is endemic to Western Australia commonly occurring in the south west of the State from north of Geraldton south to Kojonup. It is very common on road verges and in disturbed areas of Perth.
 Tillandsia achyrostachys is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Codonopsis lanceolata is a flowering plant. It originates in East Asia. It is a variety of bonnet bellflower.The roots are used in Korean cuisine where it is called deodeok (더덕).It is used in Korean dishes such as deodeok kimchi (더덕김치) deodeok jeon (더덕전) deodeok gui (더덕구이) deodeok saengchae (더덕생채) and changui (찬구이).Codonopsis lanceolata is also used as a natural medicine.A hardy perennial climber that grows up to 1.5m tall.
 Butea or Flame of the Forest is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the pea family Fabaceae. It has two species.Butea monosperma also known as Flame of the Forest or Bastard Teak in English Kingshuk or Palash in Bengali or Hindi Kesudo or Khakhro in Gujarati is native to India and Southeast Asia where it is used for timber resin fodder medicine and dye. Butea is also a host to the Lac insect which produces natural lacquer.In West Bengal it is associated with Spring (season).
 Lespedeza is a genus of some 40 species (including nothospecies) of flowering plants in the pea family (Fabaceae) commonly known as bush clovers or (particularly East Asian species) Japanese clovers (hagi).
 Nidularium espiritosantense is a species of the genus Nidularium. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Echinochloa frumentacea (Indian barnyard millet sawa millet or billion dollar grass) is a species of Echinochloa. Both Echinochloa frumentacea and E. esculenta are called Japanese millet. This millet is widely grown as a cereal in India Pakistan and Nepal. Its wild ancestor is the tropical grass Echinochloa colona but the exact date or region of domestication is uncertain. It is cultivated on marginal lands where rice and other crops will not grow well.
 The hazels (Corylus) are a genus of deciduous trees and large shrubs native to the temperate Northern Hemisphere. The genus is usually placed in the birch family Betulaceae though some botanists split the hazels (with the hornbeams and allied genera) into a separate family Corylaceae. The fruit of the hazel is the hazelnut.Hazels have simple rounded leaves with double-serrate margins.
 Melicope haupuensis is a species of tree in the citrus family Rutaceae known by the common names Haupa Mountain melicope and Pacific pelea. It is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands where it is known only from the island of Kauai. It is threatened by habitat loss. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States. Like other Hawaiian Melicope this species is known as alani.This is a tree growing to 8 meters in height with inflorescences of 5 to 7 flowers.
 Gloxinia is a genus of three species of tropical rhizomatous herbs in the flowering plant family Gesneriaceae. The species are primarily found in the Andes of South America but Gloxinia perennis is also found in Central America and the West Indies where it has probably escaped from cultivation.Gloxinia perennis is the original (type) species of the genus and for much of its history the genus consisted of only G. perennis and a very small number of other species.
 Tolumnia pulchella is a species of orchid endemic to Jamaica. It is the type species of the genus Tolumnia.
 Piper skutchii is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Cupaniopsis is a genus of about 67 species of trees and shrubs known to science of the soapberry plant family Sapindaceae. They grow naturally in New Guinea New Caledonia Australia Torres Strait Islands Fiji Samoa Sulawesi Micronesia.
 Ballochia is a genus of plant in family Acanthaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Ballochia amoena Balf.f. Ballochia atro-virgata Balf.f. Ballochia rotundifolia Balf.f.
 Celtis koraiensis commonly known as the Korean hackberry is a deciduous tree in the Celtis genus. The species is endemic to the Korean Peninsula and the north of China. It is typically found in altitudes of 100 to 1500 meters.The tree flowers from April to May and the fruit ripens from September to October. It can grow up to 15 meters in height.
 Tabebuia serratifolia commonly known as Yellow Lapacho Pau D'arco  Yellow Poui Yellow Ipe Pau D'arco Amarelo or ipê-amarelo.
 Myrothamnus flabellifolius is a plant species in the genus Myrothamnus found in Southern Africa. It is also called the resurrection plant for the speed with which apparently dead leaves revive when the rains come. (see Poikilohydry)345-Tri-O-galloylquinic acid is a tannin found in M. flabellifolius.
 Machaerina is a genus of flowering plants in the sedge family. Its species occur in tropical America the West Indies Malesia Australia and the Pacific region. The name comes from the Greek machaira (a large knife) alluding to the shape of the leaves in the type species – Machaerina restioides.
 Siegerrebe (literally Victory vine in German) is a white wine grape that is grown primarily in Germany with some plantings in England Washington State British Columbia's North Okanagan and Nova Scotia's Annapolis Valley. Siegerrebe was created by German viticulturalist Dr. Georg Scheu (1879-1949) in 1929 at a grape-breeding institute in Alzey in Rheinhessen by crossing Madeleine Angevine and Gewürztraminer.
 Thermopsis macrophylla is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names Santa Ynez goldenbanner and Santa Ynez false-lupine.
 Rhododon is a genus from the family Lamiaceae.
 Baptisia arachnifera commonly known as hairy rattleweed cobwebby wild indigo hairy wild indigo and hairy false indigo is an endangered species of flowering plant in the legume family. Its native habitat is limited to sandy soils in pinewoods along the coastal plain of the U.S. state of Georgia.
 Baloghia inophylla is a rainforest tree of eastern Australia. It is also known as the Brush Bloodwood as it occurs in brushes (a nineteenth-century term for rainforest) as well as Bloodwood as the clear sap is blood red. Other common names include Ivory Birch and Scrub Bloodwood.
 Bulbophyllum grammopoma is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Pepinia aphelandriflora is a species of the genus Pepinia. This species is native to Ecuador.
 Ginkgoales is a plant order containing only one extant species: Ginkgo biloba the ginkgo tree. It is monotypic (the only taxon) within the class Ginkgoopsida which itself is monotypic within the division Ginkgophyta. The order includes five families of which only Ginkgoaceae remains extant.[citation needed]
 Aconitum lycoctonum (northern wolfsbane) (Hindi : Bikh बिख ) is a species of flowering plant in the genus Aconitum of the family Ranunculaceae native to Europe and northern Asia.Lycoctonum is a rendering in modern Latin of the traditional name wolf's bane.It is an herbaceous perennial plant growing to 1 m tall. The leaves are palmately lobed with four to six deeply cut lobes. The flowers are 18–25 mm long dark violet rarely pale yellow.Like all species in the genus it is poisonous.
 Unonopsis magnifolia is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Coelia macrostachya is a species of orchid.
 In Rataj's taxonomy Echinodorus ovalis is in Section Cordifolii Subgenus Echinodorus.It is related to Echinodorus cordifolius and listed by some authorities and importers as a synonym of that species e.g. E. cordifolius 'ovalis'.
 Bulbophyllum kautskyi is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Coris is a plant genus in the family Primulaceae.
 Solanum furcatum is a species of nightshade known by the common name forked nightshade. It is native to South America. It is known elsewhere as an introduced species.
 Euonymus dichotomus is a species of flowering plant in the family Celastraceae native to Western Ghats.
 Phaeoptilum spinosum (Brosdoring) is a shrub that occurs in central Namibia. It is a valuable drought-resistant fodder plant browsed by goats and kudu. The bush bears winged red fruits in October.
 Huperzia mannii is a species of lycopod plant known by the common names Mann's clubmoss and wawae`iole. It is endemic to Hawaii where there are only six populations remaining. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This plant is an epiphyte which grows upon other plants especially koa (Acacia koa) 'olapa (Cheirodendron trigynum) and kawa'u (Ilex anomala). It has a hanging branching reddish stem no more than 10 centimetres (3.9 in) long.
 Dictyocaryum is a monoecious genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in South America which is closely related to the Iriartea genus; they are commonly called araque or palma real. As many as eleven species have been described but this number is reduced to three in most current accounts. The genus name translates from two Greek words meaning net and nut describing the thick network of raphe fibers around the seed.
 Nuttallanthus is a genus of four species of herbaceous annuals and perennials that was traditionally placed in the foxglove family Scrophulariaceae. Due to new genetic research it has now been placed in the vastly expanded family Plantaginaceae. Three species of Nuttallanthus are native to North America and one to South America.
 Odontites is a genus of flowering plants in the family Orobanchaceae. One of its species the Odontites granatensis endemic to the Sierra Nevada in Spain was so threatened that in 1993 only 1500 plants survived in two locations; due to conservation efforts the plant has made a comeback numbering over 100000 in 2006.
 Eucalyptus scias subsp. apoda is a rare eucalyptus growing at high altitude in north eastern New South Wales.
 Caulostramina is a monotypic plant genus in the mustard family containing the single species Caulostramina jaegeri which is known by the common name cliffdweller. The cliffdweller is a rare plant endemic to Inyo County California where it is found only in the White and Inyo Mountains. This plant grows on rocky mountainsides and sprouts from cliffs.
 Pseudolmedia hirtula is a species of plant in the Moraceae family. Endemic to Brazil it is threatened by habitat loss.
 Adelaide Productions is an animation division of Sony Pictures Television.Originally named Columbia TriStar Children's Television Adelaide has produced numerous animated television series including: (*)=On the very early episodes it was credited as Columbia TriStar Animation.
 Burmeistera truncata is a species of plant in the Campanulaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Oryza barthii also called wild rice is a grass in the rice genus Oryza. It is an annual erect to semierect grass. It has leaves with a short ligule (<13 mm) and panicles that are compact to open rarely having secondary branching. The inflorescence structure are large spikelets 7.7-12.3 mm long and 2.3-3.5 mm wide with strong awns (up to 20 cm long) usually red. The inflorescences have anthers 1.5–3 mm long.
 Cabomba caroliniana commonly known as Green Cabomba is an aquatic perennial herbaceous plant native to North America. It is a Weed of National Significance in Australia.[1]
 Utricularia asplundii is a small to medium sized terrestrial or epiphytic perennial carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia. U. asplundii is endemic to western South America and is found in Colombia and Ecuador. It was originally published and described by Peter Taylor in 1975. Specimens cited by Alvaro Fernández-Pérez in 1964 from Colombia as U. jamesoniana were partly U. jamesoniana and partly U. asplundii.
 Gonystylus areolatus grows as a small tree up to 10 metres (33 ft) tall. Bark is greyish brown. Habitat is mixed dipterocarp forest at around 50 metres (160 ft) altitude. G. areolatus is endemic to Borneo.
 Poulsenia is a monotypic genus of plants in the family Moraceae native to rainforests from Mexico south through Venezuela to Bolivia. The only species is Poulsenia armata. Unlike any other Neotropical Moraceae the leaves and twigs of Poulsenia are covered in small prickles. An additional useful identification characteristic is the distinctive knee-like buttresses of the adult trees.
 Coptis (Goldthread or Canker Root) is a genus of between 10–15 species of flowering plants in the family Ranunculaceae native to Asia and North America.
 Anthemis glaberrima is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Greece.Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation and rocky shores.
 Ecuadendron is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family. It contains the following species: Ecuadendron acosta-solisianum
 Rhus virens is a species of flowering plant in the mango family Anacardiaceae that is native to Arizona southern New Mexico and Texas in the United States as well as northern and central Mexico as far south as Oaxaca.It is commonly known as the Evergreen Sumac or Tobacco Sumac.
 Pallaviciniaceae is a widely distributed family of liverworts in the order Metzgeriales. All species are thallose typically organized as a thick central costa (midvein) each side with a broad wing of tissue one cell in thickness. All species are dioicous. The greatest diversity is in Australasia with some species endemic to that region though species belonging to the family may be found on every continent except Antarctica.
 Dalbergia louvelii is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Madagascar.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eupatorium nodiflorum is a plant species in Asteraceae.
 Tillandsia is a genus of around 540 species of evergreen perennial flowering plants in the family Bromeliaceae native to the forests mountains and deserts of Central and South America the southern United States and the West Indies. Common names for Tillandsia include air plant Ball moss (T. recurvata) and Spanish moss the latter referring to T. usneoides in particular.The thinner-leafed varieties grow in rainy areas and the thick-leafed varieties in areas more subject to drought.
 Eusideroxylon zwageri is a rare timber tree native to the Malesia region. It is known colloquially in English as Borneo ironwood billian or ulin.
 Pure is a British consumer electronics company based in Kings Langley Hertfordshire founded in 2002. Pure is a division of another Hertfordshire-based company Imagination Technologies which primarily designs Central processing units and Graphics processing units. Imagination did not originally set out to sell consumer electronics and the first Pure radio was merely a demonstration platform for its DAB decoding chip.
 Amorpha fruticosa 'Pendula' or Weeping Desert False Indigo is a weeping shrub and a cultivar of Amorpha fruticosa the Desert False Indigo. It was first described in 1868 by Élie-Abel Carrière from France. No trees are known to survive of this cultivar. Apart from the clone found in France it also seems to have been reported from the wild in Florida.
 Lithops hookeri is a species of plant in the genus Lithops in the family Aizoaceae.
 Solidago albopilosa is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name white-haired goldenrod. It is endemic to the state of Kentucky in the United States. It is threatened by recreational activities in its habitat. It is a federally listed threatened species of the United States.This plant is a perennial herb producing one or more erect stems from a woody caudex. It grows 30 to 50 centimeters tall but it can reach 1 meter in height. It is covered in white hairs.
 Anaphalis javanica or Javanese Edelweiss is a flowering plant species endemic to Indonesia. They are found mostly in mountainous regions of Java southern Sumatra southern Sulawesi and Lombok. Although a mature plant can reach eight metres in height most specimens are less than a metre tall. The flower are generally seen between April and August. A bird species the Javan Whistling Thrush (Myophonus glaucinus) nests in the plants branches.
 Aequatorium limonense is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Nepenthes rhombicaulis /nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˌrɒmbɨkˈɔːlɪs/ is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to Sumatra. The specific epithet rhombicaulis is formed from the Latin words rhombicus meaning rhomboid and caulis stem. It refers to the cross-sectional shape of the stem internodes.
 Oxalis magnifica is an Oxalis species found in Oaxaca Mexico described in 1919
 Dyckia pernambucana is a species of the genus Dyckia. This species is native to Brazil.
 The Yeheb bush is one of the economically most important wild plant at the Horn of Africa but it is little know outside of its distribution area. It is a multipurpose plant which allows the survival of nomads by providing them with seeds. Further the bush serves forage for livestock firewood and dye. Its wild population is currently declining.
 Allantospermum is a genus of trees up to 90 m tall in family Ixonanthaceae. Formerly it has been included in families Simaroubaceae and Irvingiaceae. It contains the following two species: Allantospermum borneense - Malesia Allantospermum multicaule - Madagascar↑ ↑
 Passiflora herbertiana subsp. insulae-howei is a flowering plant in the passion flower family. The subspecific epithet refers to the island to which the subspecies is endemic.
 Persea floccosa is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family. It is endemic to Mexico.
 Piptadenia a genus of tropical shrubs and trees of the legume family.
 Bulbophyllum ptiloglossum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 In Rataj's taxonomy E. uruguayensis is in Section Uruguayensii Subgenus Echinodorus
 Gynatrix is a genus of dioecious flowering plants in the family Malvaceae endemic to south-east Australia.There are two species within the genus: Gynatrix pulchella (Hemp Bush Aboriginal Hemp) a shrub to 3 metres in height with white or cream flowers that occurs in New South Wales the Australian Capital Territory Victoria and Tasmania.Gynatrix macrophylla (Gippsland Hemp Bush) a rare shrub that occurs in eastern Victoria.↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 ↑
 Leptospermum polygalifolium subsp. montanum known as the Mountain Tea Tree or Tantoon is a shrub or small tree found in eastern Australia. The original specimen was collected in 1912 near Yarrowitch. This plant is a sub-species of the Tantoon of the Myrtle family. It resembles other plants commonly referred to as “tea trees” or paperbarks. The sub-species term montanum refers to its habitat of high altitudes.
 Verbesina crownbeard is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family (Asteraceae). They bear yellow flowers similar to small sunflowers. The name Verbesina refers to the similarity of the foliage to that of the (unrelated) verbena.Verbesina species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species. These include Schinia bina which has been recorded from V. encelioides and Schinia siren which feeds exclusively on that species.
 Pittocaulon is a genus of the tribe Senecioneae and the family Asteraceae. Most if not all of its members used to be Senecio.The five species of this genus have been described as strange shrubs and small trees with broomstick-like branches. All five species are native to the dry parts of central and southern Mexico.
 Sedum divergens commonly called spreading stonecrop Cascade stonecrop and Pacific stonecrop is a low growing flowering plant of the genus Sedum. It is native to western North America from Alaska to northern California. This plant is common in the lava beds of Northwest British Columbia where it is one of the food plants of the Nisga'a first nation.
 Pistacia is a genus of flowering plants in the cashew family Anacardiaceae. It contains 10 to 20 species that are native to Africa and Eurasia from the Canary Islands all of Africa and southern Europe warm and semidesert areas across Asia and North America from Mexico to warm and semidesert United States such as Texas or California.
 Frerea is a genus which contains only one species Frerea indica (locally called Shindel Makudi) a small succulent native to the Junnar hill forest in the Western Ghats in Maharashtra state in India. It is also grown as a greenhouse plant by succulent plant enthusiasts. At one time it was on the IUCN list of twelve most endangered species on earth but conservation efforts have brought it back from the brink of extinction.
 The Chinese Elm Ulmus parvifolia Jacq. cultivar 'Cork Bark' is a North American clone.
 Haageocereus is a genus of cacti endemic to the lower elevations of the extremely dry desert along the coast of Peru and northern Chile.
 Stylidium scandens (the climbing triggerplant) is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Stylidium (family Stylidiaceae). S. scandens is endemic to Australia and is found primarily in the southwestern region of Western Australia.
 Narthecium is a genus of flowering plants. This genus was traditionally treated as belonging to the family Liliaceae but the APG II system of 2003 placed it in the family Nartheciaceae.The global distribution of the genus is widely disjunct - 1 species in Asia 1-5 species in Europe (see Narthecium ossifragum and 2 species in North America. Narthecium americanum is a candidate for listing under the federal Endangered Species Act in the United States.
 Herreria is a genus of about nine species of flowering plants. In the APG III classification system the genus is placed in the family Asparagaceae subfamily Agavoideae (formerly the family Agavaceae).
 Ribes pinetorum the orange gooseberry is a plant species native to Arizona and New Mexico. It grows in coniferous forests at elevations of 1900-3100 m.Ribes pinetorum is a shrub up to 2 m tall lacking prickles on the stems. Flowers are solitary orange tubular hanging. Fruits are purple spherical about 13 mm across with spines but considered by many people to be good-tasting.
 Ilex davidsei is a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family. It is endemic to Venezuela.
 The Lauraceae are the laurel family that includes the true laurel and its closest relatives. The family comprises over 3000 species of flowering plants in over 50 genera worldwide. They occur mainly in warm temperate and tropical regions especially Southeast Asia and South America. Most are aromatic evergreen trees or shrubs but one or two genera such as Sassafras are deciduous and Cassytha is a genus of parasitic vines.
 Lobelia thapsoidea is a tall herb occurring in elevated areas of Southeastern Brazil. As all other species in the subfamily Lobelioideae it is poisonous and should be handled carefully.
 Acacia cardiophylla (West Wyalong Wattle) is an evergreen shrub that grows to around 2 to 3m tall has feathery like leaves and bright yellow flowers during its July to November blooming period. Acacia cardiophylla is indigenous to central and southern New South Wales.
 Rubus nivalis commonly known as snow raspberry is a species of flowering plant in the rose family. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to far northern California where it grows in mountain forests.
 Tropaeolum tricolor the three-coloured Indian cress is a species of perennial plant in the family Tropaeolaceae. It is endemic to Chile where it is called soldadito rojo and relicario.
 Tillandsia ilseana is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Passiflora maliformis (sweet calabash conch apple wild purple passionfruit or sweet cup) is a smallish (2) passionfruit with purple yellow or green skin and a grayed-yellow orange pulp that is aromatically scented and flavored. It is a fast growing vine growing best in somewhat cooler than tropical climates. The rind is particularly hard and tougher than most passion fruits. It is usually grown from seeds but may also be propagated by stem-cuttings.
 Memecylon subramanii is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to India.
 Arctostaphylos silvicola is a species of manzanita known by the common names Bonny Doon or silverleaf manzanita. It is endemic to the sandhills of the southern Santa Cruz Mountains in California's Santa Cruz and Santa Clara counties.
 Kleinia galpinii is a species of the genus Kleinia and family Asteraceae. The species name commemorates E. E. Galpin.
 Echium brevirame is a species of white coloured perennial plant from Boraginaceae family that can be found in south La Palma. The plant have leather-like leaves which are also densely spiny. It can grow up to 100 centimetres (39 in).
 Ceanothus crassifolius is a species of flowering shrub known by the common name hoaryleaf ceanothus. This Ceanothus is found throughout the coastal mountain ranges of the southern half of California and its range extends into Baja California.
 Spiranthes is a genus of orchids in the subfamily Orchidoideae. They are known commonly as ladies tresses ladies'-tresses or lady's tresses. The genus is distributed in the Americas Eurasia and Australia. The genus name Spiranthes is derived from the Greek speira (coil) and anthos (flower) and was inspired by the spirally arranged inflorescence.
 Melaleuca zonalis is an Australian shrub.
 Tillandsia complanata is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Bolivia Costa Rica Venezuela and Ecuador.
 Ipomopsis arizonica (Arizona firecracker) is a flowering plant in the family Polemoniaceae native to the mountains of the Mojave Desert sky islands from southeastern California east through southern Nevada to northern Arizona growing at 1500-3100 meters in elevation. It is found in rocky places in the desert as well as washes.
 Luzula divaricata is a species of flowering plant in the rush family known by the common name forked woodrush. It is native to the California Nevada and Alaska in the United States. Luzula divaricata grows in the subalpine and alpine climates of high mountain ranges. It is a perennial herb with a thin reddish stem reaching about 30 centimeters in maximum height surrounded by many grasslike leaves.
 Peperomia wheeleri is a rare species of flowering plant in the pepper family known by the common name Wheeler's peperomia. It is endemic to Puerto Rico where it is known only from the island of Culebra. It has been become rare because of deforestation and grazing by livestock. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This plant grows on the rocky island Culebra anchoring in the humus that accumulates on the weathered granodiorite boulders covering its surface.
 Anthurium brittonianum is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Trichanthodium is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Corispermum pallasii common name Pallas bugseed is a plant apparently native to Siberia but naturalized in Europe Canada and the Great Lakes Region of the United States. It is a branched herb growing on sand dunes and other sandy soils.Corispermum pallasii Steven Mém. Soc. Imp. Naturalistes Moscou. 5: 336. 1817.
 Ionactis alpina (formerly Aster scopulorum) is a species of aster known by the common name lava aster. It is native to western North America from California to Montana where it grows in dry areas.
 Tillandsia wuelfinghoffii is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Mimusops penduliflora is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Tanzania.
 Verbena demissa is a species of plant in the Verbenaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Heliamphora huberi is a species of Marsh Pitcher Plant endemic to the Chimantá massif in Venezuela where it grows at elevations of 1850–2200 m in a variety of habitats. It has thus far been recorded from Angasima-tepui Apacará-tepui Amurí-tepui Acopán-tepui and the border of Torono- and Chimantá-tepui. Due to its intermediate appearance between species related to H. minor and H. heterodoxa it is suspected to be of hybridogenic origin.
 Aneilema is a genus of monocotyledonous plants of approximately 60 species. The vast majority of the species are native to sub-Saharan Africa but a few are found in Oceania and one Aneilema brasiliense is from South America.
 Berghesia is a monospecific genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family. It was descripted by Christian Gottfried Daniel Nees von Esenbeck in 1847. The genus contains only one species i.e. Berghesia coccinea which is endemic to Mexico.
 Blechnum fullagarii is a fern in the Blechnaceae family. The specific epithet honours James Fullagar who collected plants on Lord Howe Island for the Royal Botanic Gardens Melbourne.
 Arctostaphylos pallida commonly known as Pallid Manzanita Oakland Hills Manzanita and Alameda Manzanita is an upright Manzanita shrub from the Ericaceae or heath family. It is endemic to the eastern San Francisco Bay Area of Northern California.
 Euphorbia hexadenia is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Madagascar.
 Arnica latifolia is a species of arnica known by the common names Broadleaf Arnica Broad Leaved Arnica Mountain Arnica and Daffodil Leopardbane. It is native to western North America from Alaska to New Mexico where it grows in mountain habitat such as forest and meadows. This is a perennial herb growing from a long rhizome and producing a hairy mostly naked stem 10 to 50 centimeters tall. It has a cluster of leaves around its base and usually a few pairs along the lower part of the stem.
 Monolopia major is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name cupped monolopia. It is endemic to central California where it grows in the Central Valley and coastal mountain ranges to the west. It can be found on open grasslands often in clay soils. It is an annual herb producing a slender sometimes branching stem up to about 80 centimeters tall. It is usually somewhat woolly in texture.
 Echinospartum is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae. It is possibly synonymous with Genista.
 Brugmansia insignis is a South American species of Angel Trumpet with large fragrant flowers.
 Clitoria moyobambensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Peru.
 Tillandsia takizawae is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Hopea aptera is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 The Australian flowering shrub Grevillea alpina has several common names including mountain grevillea alpine grevillea and cat's claws. It is not limited to alpine environments and in fact is less common at high elevation than low. The species is variable in appearance with five general forms described: small-flowered Grampians Northern Victorian Goldfields and Southern Hills forms.
 Anthurium hebetatilaminum is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Juncus capitatus is a species of rush known by the common name leafybract dwarf rush. It is native to Eurasia and North Africa. It is also an introduced species in parts of North America such as California and the Gulf Coast. It grows in moist areas such as wet sand vernal pools and ditches. This is a small annual herb not exceeding ten centimeters in height. The stems are erect and thready flat or somewhat corrugated. The leaves are basal and up to 3 or 4 centimeters long.
 Buddleja fallowiana is a species of flowering plant endemic to the Yunnan province of western China where it grows in open woodland along forest edges and watercourses. The plant was collected in China by Forrest in 1906 and named in 1917 by Balfour & Smith for George Fallow a gardener at the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh who had died in Egypt in 1915 from wounds sustained fighting in the Gallipoli Campaign.
 Pearcea cordata is a species of plant in the Gesneriaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Microtropis rigida is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 The Yellow Latan Palm (Latania verschaffeltii) is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is found only on Rodrigues Island in the Indian Ocean part of the Republic of Mauritius 560 km east of the Island of Mauritius. It is however cultivated in other places as an ornamental.in the wild the species is threatened by habitat loss.
 Nymphaea ondinea is an flowering aquatic plant in the family Nymphaeaceae native to northwestern Australia. Originally classified in its own genus as Ondindea purpurea molecular studies have shown that it is morphologically aberrant species of Nymphaea to which it has been transferred. It grows from a corm-like rhizome and is found in ephemeral pools and rivers that are dry for a significant portion of the year. The rhizome survives the dry season in drying mud.
 Loxogramme dictyopteris commonly known as lance fern is a species of fern found in New Zealand.L. dictyopteris usually appears in lowland and coastal areas where basalt limestone or sandstone rocks occur. It can also occur as an epiphyte in alluvial forest.
 Lomatium suksdorfii is a perennial herb of the family Apiaceae that grows in Washington and Oregon United States. It is 50–200 cm tall glabrous caulescent and has a taproot. It flowers from late March to May with compound umbels of yellow flowers each umbellule enclosed by thin bracts. The leaves have long petioles and are dissected into long thin blades.
 Pterygota is a genus of flowering plants in the family Malvaceae. In older systems of classification it was placed in Sterculiaceae but all members of that family are now in an expanded Malvaceae.Pterygota has a pantropical distribution.Species includePterygota alata (Buddha coconut)Pterygota bequaertiiPterygota macrocarpa
 Aspidosperma spruceanum is a species of flowering plant in the genus Aspidosperma.
 Madhuca penicillata is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lyonia fruticosa the Poor-grub or coastal plain staggerbush is a plant species native to the US states of Florida southern Georgia and the extreme southern part of South Carolina. It grows in pine woodlands and shrub bogs at elevations less than 100 m.Lyonia fruticosa is an evergreen shrub up to 3 m tall. Leaves are broadly elliptical up to 6 cm long. Flowers are white urn-shaped hanging downward. Fruit is a dry egg-shaped capsule about 4 mm in diameter.
 Navarretia jepsonii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Jepson's pincushionplant or Jepson's navarretia. It is endemic to California where it is known only from the Inner North Coast Ranges west of the Sacramento Valley. It grows in grassland and chaparral and oak woodland habitat often on serpentine soils. It is an annual herb producing a slender reddish stem coated in white hairs and measuring 10 to 15 centimeters tall.
 Bromelia antiacantha is a species of the genus Bromelia. This species is native to Brazil.
 Penstemon grandiflorus is a perennial plant of the genus Penstemon. Common names include large beardtongue.
 Stylocline micropoides is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names woollyhead neststraw and desert neststraw. It is native to the southwestern United States and northern areas in the northern states of Mexico where it grows in desert habitat and other dry areas. It is a small annual herb growing at ground level with stems up to 20 centimeters in length. It is woolly or felt-like in texture with a coating of white hairs.
 The Fuchsia Heath (Epacris longiflora) is a plant typically found in Australian belonging to the heath family whose native range extends from the central coast of New South Wales to southern Queensland. The long tubular flowers give it the name longiflora and are present most of the year.
 Packera layneae known by the common name Layne's ragwort is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family. It is endemic to California where it is known only from the western slopes of the northern Sierra Nevada foothills such as the Pine Hill Ecological Reserve.
 Anthurium tenaense is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Chionanthus retusus (Chinese Fringetree; Chinese: 流蘇樹 liúsūshù) is a species of Chionanthus native to eastern Asia in eastern and central China Taiwan Korea and Japan.It is a deciduous shrub or small to medium-sized tree growing to 20 m in height with thick fissured bark. The leaves are 3–12 cm long and 2–6.5 cm broad simple ovate to oblong-elliptic with a hairy 0.5–2 cm long petiole. The flowers are white produced in panicles 3–12 cm long.
 Carpentaria acuminata (Carpentaria Palm) the sole species in the genus Carpentaria is a palm native to tropical coastal regions in the north of Northern Territory Australia. It is a slender palm growing to 20 m tall with a trunk 12-15 cm diameter. The leaves are pinnate 3-4 m long.It is a popular ornamental plant in northern Australia valued for its rapid growth and very elegant foliage.
 Festuca eskia is a species of grass which is endemic to southwestern Europe.
 Ophrestia is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
 Lozania is a genus of Lacistemataceae consisting of five species:Lozania glabrata A.H. GentryLozania grandiflora Schult.Lozania klugii (Mansfeld) Mansfeld (syn. Monandrodendron klugii Mansfeld Lacistemopsis poculifera Kuhlmann)Lozania mutisiana Schult. (syn.
 Costesia is a genus of moss in the family Gigaspermaceae. The genus contains a single species Costesia spongiosa known only from South America
 Tragopogon miscellus is a species native to the States of Washington and Idaho. Intensive studies over the course of many years have demonstrated that it originated as an allopolyploid hybrid between T. dubius and T. pratensis both of which are European species naturalized in the US. Tragopogon miscellus has become established in the wild reproducing by its own thus deserving recognition as a species.Tragopogon miscellus is an herb up to 150 cm (60 inches) tall.
 Kokia drynarioides commonly known as Hawaiian Tree Cotton is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family Malvaceae that is endemic to the Big Island of Hawaii. It inhabits dry forests at elevations of 455–1915 m (1493–6283 ft).
 Chamaecyparis obtusa (Japanese cypress hinoki cypress or hinoki; Japanese: 檜 or 桧 hinoki) is a species of cypress native to central Japan.It is a slow-growing tree which grows to 35 m tall with a trunk up to 1 m in diameter. The bark is dark red-brown. The leaves are scale-like 2-4 mm long blunt tipped (obtuse) green above and green below with a white stomatal band at the base of each scale-leaf. The cones are globose 8-12 mm diameter with 8-12 scales arranged in opposite pairs.
 Arrhenechthites is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Neoschumannia is a genus of plant in family Asclepiadaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Neoschumannia gishwatiensis Fischer Killman and Meve Neoschumannia kamerunensis Schltr.
 Calycadenia fremontii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Frémont's western rosinweed (after John C. Frémont). It is native to northern California and Oregon where it is a common member of the flora in several types of habitat in the mountains foothills and valleys. This annual plant is variable in appearance. It produces a rigid erect hairy stem reaching a top height anywhere between 10 centimeters and one meter.
 Egletes is a genus of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family. It contains eight species including Egletes humifusa.
 Byblis aquatica is an insectivorous plant belonging to the genus Byblis commonly known as the rainbow plants. It was described by Allen Lowrie and John Godfrey Conran in 1998 assigned to a group of annual north Australian species known as the Byblis liniflora complex.
 Aechmea nidularioides is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is native to Colombia Ecuador and Peru.
 Eucalyptus megacarpa Bullich is a small to medium-sized tree of scattered distribution in the forests of the south-west of Western Australia. The bark is smooth mottled grey reddish-grey or white. Adult leaves are stalked alternate lanceolate or falcate 8-14 x 2–3 cm concolorous dull blue-green to green.White flowers in clusters of 3 appear in mid autumn to late spring.
 Actinorhytis is a monotypic genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in Oceania and southeast Asia. The lone species Actinorhytis calapparia is a rain forest inhabitant and has the largest fruit of any palm in the Iguanurinae. The genus name is from two Greek words meaning 'ray' and 'fold' which describe the endosperm of the seed.
 The Santa Fe Grande chile pepper also known as Yellow hot chili pepper[citation needed] and the Guero chili pepper[citation needed] is a very prolific cultivar used in the Southwestern United States. The plants are resistant to tobacco mosaic virus.The conical blunt fruits are about 2 in (5.1 cm) long. They ripen from a pale yellow to a bright orange or fiery red.The peppers grow upright on 24 plants. Santa Fe Grande's fruit have a slightly sweet taste and are fairly mild in pungency.
 Eriogonum siskiyouense is a rare species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Siskiyou buckwheat. It is endemic to the southern Klamath Mountains of far northern California where it is known only from the area between Mount Eddy and the Scott Mountains around the border between Siskiyou and Trinity Counties. It is a member of the local serpentine soils flora.
 Xanthophyllum ellipticum is a plant in the family Polygalaceae. The specific epithet ellipticum is from the Latin meaning elliptical referring to the leaves.
 Solanum cajanumense (also known as casana) is a species of plant in the Solanaceae family. It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru. Intolerant of heat frost or direct sunlight Solanum cajanumense seems to prefer cloud forest-type growing conditions which limits its future agricultural potential. As with most solanaceae most parts of the plant are toxic but casana produces an edible yellow fruit similar in appearance to but smaller than the closely related tamarillo.
 Houstonia longifolia commonly known as long-leaved bluets is a perennial plant in the family Rubiaceae. It can be found throughout most of the Eastern United States and Canada. It prefers upland woods in poor dry often sandy soil blooming from June to August.
 Bulbophyllum leucorhodum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Phoradendron capitellatum Torr. (downy mistletoe or hairy mistletoe) is a hemiparasitic plant native to Arizona New Mexico Chihuahua and Sonora. It grows mostly on junipers (Juniperus spp) at elevations of 800-1700 m (2800-5500 feet). It is distinguished by having short densely puberulent leaves usually less than 3 cm long. Flowers are also pubescent. Berries are pink to white about 3 mm in diam.
 Mammea grandifolia is a species of flowering plant in the Calophyllaceae family.It is found only in Papua New Guinea.
 Aciphylla colensoi is a species of Aciphylla commonly known as Speargrass or Spaniard. Individual plants may be up to 90 cm (35 in) in diameter and half as high and consist of sharp spines all pointing out from the centre. Yellow flowers may also be present located on long strong stems. A. colensoi can be found in both main islands of New Zealand typically in altitudes from 900 to 1500 m (3000 to 4900 ft).
 Ficinia nodosa (Knobby Club-rush or Knotted Club Rush) is a rhizomatous perennial in the family Cyperaceae native to Australia and New Zealand. It grows to between 15 and 100 cm in height.It occurs in sandy coastal areas near lakes and sea in Western Australia South Australia Tasmania Victoria New South Wales and Queensland.
 Muilla transmontana is a species of flowering plant known by the common name Inland muilla. It is native to sections of the Great Basin in Nevada and in California east of the major mountain ranges. It grows in mountain forest and scrubby high desert and plateau habitat. It is a perennial plant growing from a corm and producing an erect flowering stem up to half a meter tall. The onionlike leaves at the base of the stem are 20 to 60 centimeters long.
 Michelia punduana is a species of plant in the Magnoliaceae family. It is endemic to the Meghalaya subtropical forests in India. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Alistilus is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
 Cenchrus echinatus is a species of grass known by the common names southern sandspur southern sandbur and in Australia Mossman River grass. It is native to North and South America.It is a clump-forming annual grass growing up to 80 cm tall. The leaves occur with or without hairs and measure up to 12 mm wide. The ligule is a fringe of hairs. The grass has barbed burrs up 4–10 mm long.In Australia it forms an invasive weed in coastal situations.
 Bulbophyllum lemniscatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Bulbophyllum corolliferum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Quercus palmeri is a species of oak known by the common name Palmer oak or Palmer's oak. It is native to California Baja California and in Arizona through the transition zone to the eastern Mogollon Rim where it grows in canyons mountain slopes washes and other dry habitat types.
 Triphasia trifolia (syn. Limonia trifolia Burm. f. Triphasia aurantiola Lour.; also called limeberry lime berry or limoncitong kastila) is a species of Triphasia in the family Rutaceae native to tropical southeastern Asia in Malaysia the Philippines and possibly elsewhere. Triphasias are very close relatives of citrus.It is a spiny evergreen shrub (rarely a small tree) growing to 3 m tall. The leaves are trifoliate glossy dark green each leaflet 2–4 cm long and 1.5–2 cm broad.
 Gerrardina is a genus of two species of trees shrubs and scrambling shrubs found in southeastern Africa. Until recently the genus was placed in the polyphyletic family Flacourtiaceae but it was abnormal there due to its apical placentation small embryos and mucilaginous foliar epidermis. Analyses of DNA data indicated that the genus did not fit in any known plant family and not clearly in any then-recognized order and a new family Gerrardinaceae was thus created for it.
 Thinicola incana is a genus of legume in the subfamily Faboideae. It is native to Australia. It is the only member of the genus Thinicola.
 Chrysopogon is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Cheilanthes covillei is a species of lip fern known by the common name Coville's lip fern. This plant is native to the southwestern United States and Baja California where it grows in rocky crevices in the mountains and foothills.
 Lewisia nevadensis is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name Nevada lewisia. It is native to much of the western United States where it grows in moist mountain habitat such as meadows. This is a small perennial herb growing from a taproot and caudex unit. It produces a basal rosette of several narrow fingerlike to threadlike fleshy leaves up to 13 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a bundle of short stems a few centimeters tall each bearing a flower.
 Bulbophyllum pachytelos is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Verticordia crebra is a woody shrub found in Western Australia.
 Gnephosis is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Anacamptis israelitica is a species of orchid found in Israel.
 Paphiopedilum victoria-regina is an orchid species endemic to the rainforests of western Sumatra.
 Sophora tetraptera is commonly known as kōwhai or large-leaved kōwhai that grows naturally only in the central east of the North Island in New Zealand. S. tetraptera has larger more widely spaced leaves than the seven other species of kōwhai.
 Iris lutescens (Crimean iris) is a rhizomatous flowering plant in the genus Iris. It is native to Spain France and Italy and is cultivated as an ornamental plant in temperate regions. It grows to 30cm with broad leaves producing yellow or violet flowers in spring. It prefers dry conditions during its dormant period in the summer.This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
 Duthiea is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Tillandsia eistetteri is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Navarretia filicaulis is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name threadstem pincushionplant. It is endemic to California where it is known only from the foothills of the northern Sierra Nevada and far southern Cascade Range. It grows in chaparral woodland and other local habitat. It is a hairy glandular annual herb producing a crooked slender branching stem up to about 18 centimeters tall.
 Bulbophyllum elongatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Bellida is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family Asteraceae containing the single species Bellida graminea. It is native to Western Australia. Its common name is rosy bellida.
 Arnica amplexicaulis is a species of arnica known by the common name clasping arnica. It is native to western North America from Alaska to California and the Sierra Nevada to the Rocky Mountains and Wyoming where it grows in moist areas such as mountain meadows and streambanks. This is a perennial herb usually growing from a small rhizome and producing one or more hairy glandular stems. The stems are lined with 5 to 10 pairs of oval-shaped toothed leaves up to 12 centimeters long.
 Cratylia bahiensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in Brazil.
 Ensete ventricosum commonly known as the Ethiopian banana Abyssinian banana false banana or ensete is a species of flowering plant in the genus Ensete of the banana family Musaceae. The name Ensete ventricosum was first published in 1948 in the Kew Bulletin 1947 p. 101. Its synonyms include Musa arnoldiana De Wild. Musa ventricosa Welw. and Musa ensete J.F.Gmel.
 Rotala indica is a species of flowering plant in the loosestrife family known by the common name Indian toothcup. It is native to Southeast Asia. This aquatic plant is best known as a popular aquarium plant and as a weed of rice fields. It is known as an introduced species and a weed in rice-growing regions in Congo Italy Portugal and California and Louisiana in the United States.The stems of the plant grow up to 30 or 40 centimeters long.
 Arthrochilus is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Rhaponticum heleniifolium is a perennial herbaceous flowering plant of the genus 'Rhaponticum belonging to the Asteraceae family.
 Scaphium macropodum is a species of plant in the Sterculiaceae family. It is found in Cambodia Indonesia Malaysia Singapore Thailand and Vietnam. Scaphium macropodum is traditionally used in Malaysia for treating fevers phlegm coughs and sore throats respiratory conditions and to improve general health.
 Chorizanthe leptotheca is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common names Ramona spineflower and Peninsular spineflower. It is native to the Peninsular Ranges of southern California and Baja California where it grows in chaparral and forest habitat. It is very similar to its close relative Turkish rugging (Chorizanthe staticoides). Chorizanthe leptotheca is an erect herb growing up to about 35 centimeters tall.
 Aptenia is a small genus of flowering plants in the family Aizoaceae. They are native to southern Africa. The genus name is from the Greek a- (not) and ptenos (winged) and refers to the wingless fruit capsules.These are succulent subshrubs growing from a system of fibrous often fleshy roots. The stems lie prostrate on the ground or may climb. The stem bases are woody and the stems are green. The leaves are mostly oppositely arranged but those near the inflorescences may be alternate.
 Masdevallia veitchiana (pronounced veech-e-anna) also known as Veitch's Masdevallia or King of the Masdevallias is a species of the Masdevallia genus of orchids.The plant is found in the wild in northwestern Peru where it is known as Gallo-Gallo meaning rooster after the rooster-like red comb crest and wattles of the flower. and Colombia.
 Euptelea pleiosperma is a species of plant in the Eupteleaceae family. It is found in China India and Myanmar.
 Marchantia berteroana is a liverwort species in the genus Marchantia.M. berteroana contains the flavones isoscutellarein and hypolaetin 8-glucuronides.
 Blechnum maximum also known as the Giant Rasp Fern occurs in moist open forests in eastern Australia. It was considered to be a natural hybrid between ferns of different genera; Doodia and Blechnum. Recently it has been moved from Doodia maxima to Blechnum maximum.
 Festuca polycolea is a species of grass which is endemic to India.
 Grevillea diminuta is a shrub species that is native to New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory Australia. It was first formally described by Lawrie Johnson in 1962.
 Stolzia is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Buddleja cuneata is a rare species endemic only to the southern plateau of Brazil where it grows in dry and rocky fields from Paraná to Rio Grande do Sul. The species was first described and named by Chamisso in 1833.
 Griselinia is a genus of seven species of shrubs and trees with a highly disjunct distribution native to New Zealand and South America. It is a classic example of the Antarctic flora. It is the sole genus in the family Griseliniaceae; in the past it was often placed in Cornaceae but differs from that in many features. The leaves are evergreen smooth and glossy above often paler below. The flowers are very small with five sepals and stamens and a single stigma. Petals 2–3 mm long.
 Cabombaceae is a family of aquatic herbaceous flowering plants. The family is recognised as distinct in the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group III system (2009). The family consists of two genera of aquatic plants Brasenia and Cabomba totalling half-a-dozen species. The APG system of 1998 included this family in the water lily family Nymphaeaceae as did the APG II system of 2003 (optionally).
 Cryptolepis is a plant genus in the family Apocynaceae. It includes some 42 species.
 Bulbophyllum vulcanorum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Tabernaemontana elegans is a shrub or small tree that is native to eastern Africa. Vernacular names for the plant include Toad tree.
 Stigmaphyllon is a genus in the Malpighiaceae a family of about 75 genera of flowering plants in the order Malpighiales.
 Ribes triste known as the northern redcurrant swamp redcurrant or wild redcurrant is a shrub in the flowering plant family Grossulariaceae native to northern North America in Alaska Canada and the United States south to Oregon and Virginia. This species grows in wet rocky woods swamps and cliffs.It grows to 0.5 m tall with a lax often creeping branches. The leaves are alternate palmately lobed with five lobes 6–10 cm diameter. The flowers are in pendulous racemes 4–7 cm long.
 Lasthenia ferrisiae is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Ferris' goldfields. It is endemic to the California Central Valley where it grows in vernal pools and alkali flats.
 Desfontainia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants placed currently in the family Columelliaceae though formerly in LoganiaceaePotaliaceae (now subsumed in Gentianaceae) or a family of its own Desfontainiaceae.
 Neocalamites is an extinct genus of Sphenophytes. Neocalamites due to being a member of the Calamitales plant family had its active living geological time during the Triassic period.
 Hylocomiaceae is a family of mosses containing 15 genera:
 Hesperozygis is a genus of shrubs or subshrubs in the family Lamiaceae. The species are native to Mexico and Brazil.Hesperozygis dimidiata Epling & Mathias Hesperozygis kleinii Epling & JátivaHesperozygis myrtoides (A.St.-Hil. ex Benth.) Epling Hesperozygis nitida (Benth.) Epling Hesperozygis rhododon Epling Hesperozygis ringens (Benth.) Epling Hesperozygis spathulata Epling↑ ↑
 Mucuna bracteata is a leguminous plant. It is a nitrogen regulating plant for agroecosystems operating around certain types of agricultural plant systems including: rubber trees oil palm citrus and coconut. It is a cover crop which helps to cover and shield the soil from weeds or plants as well as providing rapid growth for existing agricultural crops prevent soil erosion and provide nitrogen fixation.
 Ulmus wallichiana subsp. wallichiana Melville & Heybroek was identified by Melville and Heybroek after the latter's expedition to the Himalaya in 1960.
 Ulmus × hollandica Mill. 'Vegeta' Lindley  sometimes known as the Huntingdon Elm is an old English cultivar raised at Brampton near Huntingdon by nurserymen Wood & Ingram in 1746 allegedly from seed collected from an Ulmus × hollandica hybrid at nearby Hinchingbrooke Park. The tree was given the epithet 'Vegeta' by Loudon a name previously accorded the Chichester Elm by Donn as Loudon considered the two trees identical.
 Ingrid Marie is a traditional apple.It was cultivated by accident around 1910 on the premises of a school in Høed on the island of Funen in Denmark.
 Tulipa humilis (syn. T. aucheriana) is a species of flowering plant in the tulip genus Tulipa (Eriostemones group) family Liliaceae found in Syria Turkey and Iran. The flowers are pink with yellow centers. Its preferred habitat is rocky mountain slopes. It is frequently confused in horticulture with Tulipa pulchella.
 Festuca arundinacea (syn. Lolium arundinaceum Darbyshire; Schedonorus phoenix (Scop.) Holub) is a species of grass commonly known as tall fescue. It is a cool-season perennial C3 species of bunchgrass native to Europe. It is an important forage grass throughout Europe and many cultivars have been used in agriculture. It is also an ornamental grass in gardens and a phytoremediation plant. The predominant cultivar found in British pastures is S170 an endophyte-free variety.
 Bulbophyllum dependens is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Illicium tenuifolium is a species of flowering plant in the family Schisandraceae or alternately the Illiciaceae. It is native to Peninsular Malaysia and adjacent Peninsular Thailand. It grows in forest habitat such as cloud forest.
 Saccolabiopsis is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Sclerocarpus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae. It includes 8 species of annuals and procumbent perennials which occur primarily in Mexico and Central America with one species extending as far north as the state of Texas in the USA and one species widely distributed and occurring in the West Indies South America Africa and Asia.
 Metopium is a genus of flowering plants in the sumac family Anacardiaceae.
 Elaeocarpus dentatus commonly known as hīnau is a native lowland forest tree of New Zealand. Other names in Māori for the tree are hangehange pōkākā and whīnau.A member of the Elaeocarpaceae family it is found on both the North and South Island's of New Zealand but not on Stewart Island. The leaves are dark green with a toothed edge. On the underside of the leaf small pits are present.
 Scrobicaria is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Eucalyptus blaxlandii commonly known as Blaxland's Stringybark is a stringybark found in eastern and south eastern New South Wales. Usually found at higher altitudes on moist soils of a moderate to high fertility. A typical stringybark in appearance with crowded gumnuts without stalks. A medium to large tree growing to 30 metres tall.The original specimen was collected from Blackheath Australia in 1905.
 Passiflora luzmarina is a species of plant in the Passifloraceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Spiranthes infernalis common name Ash Meadows ladies'-tresses is a rare and probably endangered species of orchid known from only four locations in Nevada all close to one another. Type locale is inside Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge in Nye County approximately 90 miles (140 km) WNW of Las Vegas. The site is a seasonally wet meadow.Spiranthes infernalis is a terrestrial herb up to 40 cm (16 inches) tall. It has tuberous roots. Leaves are lanceolate up to 15 cm (6 inches) long.
 Chionographis is a genus of four herbaceous plant species. This genus is a member of the Melanthiaceae.Chionographis species are perennial flowering plants that grow from rhizomes. They produce a basal rosette of evergreen leaves from the center of which emerges a flowering scape. The scape produces a spike of many small white flowers. The flowers are zygomorphic in shape and when perfect have six tepals one pistil and six stamens. However not all individuals have perfect flowers.
 Amelanchier laevis (commonly known as the smooth shadbush or Allegheny serviceberry) is a small tree growing up to 9 metres (30 ft). The fruit which are pomes are edible and can be eaten raw or cooked. The fruit has a sweet flavor. The bark can be made into a herbal medicine for expectant mothers. It is a deciduous tree. It is cultivated as an ornamental shrub.
 Vellereophyton is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Eriogonum umbellatum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name sulphurflower buckwheat or simply sulphur flower. It is native to western North America from California to Colorado to central Canada where it is abundant and found in many habitats. This is an extremely variable plant and hard to identify because individuals can look very different from one another. Also there are a great many varieties.
 Halesia macgregorii is a species of flowering plant in the family Styracaceae. It is endemic to southeastern China where it grows at moderate altitudes of 700–1200 m. It is threatened by habitat loss. Recent genetic evidence suggests it is probably more closely related to the genus Rehderodendron than to other species of Halesia; it may be transferred to that genus in the future.It is a deciduous tree growing to 24 m tall with a trunk up to 45 cm diameter.
 Navia lactea is a species of the genus Navia. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Spodiopogon is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Ilex abscondita is a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family. It is endemic to Venezuela.
 Deuterocohnia glandulosa is a species of the genus Deuterocohnia. This species is endemic to Bolivia.
 Hunteria umbellata grows as either a shrub or small tree up to 22 metres (72 ft) tall with a trunk diameter of up to 40 centimetres (16 in). Its flowers feature a white creamy or pale yellow corolla. Fruit is yellow and smooth. Habitat is forests from sea-level to 600 metres (2000 ft) altitude. Its numerous local medicinal uses include for fever leprosy sores stomach and liver problems and as an anthelmintic especially against internal worms. H. umbellata has been used as arrow poison.
 Tricarpelema brevipedicellatum is a monocotyledonous herbaceous plant in the dayflower family. The species is known from only two collections made in Vietnam and very little is known about it.
 Conospermum incurvum commonly known as Plume Smokebush is a shrub endemic to Western Australia.
 Pogogyne abramsii is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name San Diego mesa mint.
 Podocarpus aristulatus is a small to medium-sized evergreen tree in the conifer family Podocarpaceae. It is found on the Caribbean islands of Hispaniola and Cuba.
 Tectona philippinensis (also called Philippine Teak) is a species of plant in the Lamiaceae family formerly classified in the Verbenaceae. It is endemic to the Philippines. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ariocarpus retusus is a species of cactus from the genus Ariocarpus found mainly in Mexico. It is one of the largest and fastest growing species of the genus. Despite its slow growth often taking 10 years to reach flowering age the retusus is a desirable cactus for cultivation having attractive flowers and an interesting form. It is also one of the easiest cacti to grow from the genus.
 Corchorus is a genus of about 40–100 species of flowering plants in the family Malvaceae native to tropical and subtropical regions throughout the world.Different common names are used in different contexts with jute applying to the fiber produced from the plant and mallow-leaves for the leaves used as a vegetable.
 Colchicum corsicum is a species of flowering plant closely related to Colchicum autumnale. It is native to the islands of Corsica and Sardinia in the Mediterranean.Colchicum corsicum is a perennial growing from an underground corm. Some individuals have pink flowers others white the two very often being intermingled in different individuals within a given population.
 Gynura bicolor hongfeng cai 紅鳳菜 okinawan spinach or edible gynura is a member of the chrysanthemum family (Asteraceae). There are two kinds: one that is green on both sides and another with leaves that are green on the top and purple underneath. Both kinds are considered medicinal vegetables. Gynura bicolor is a perennial and therefore found for sale throughout the year; however winter and spring is the best time.[citation needed]
 Triphysaria eriantha is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common names Johnny Tuck and butter and eggs. It is native to Oregon and California where it grows in many types of habitat becoming quite common in some areas. This is an annual herb producing a hairy purple stem up to about 35 centimeters in maximum height. Like many species in its family it is a facultative root parasite on other plants attaching to their roots via haustoria to tap nutrients.
 Flindersia maculosa is a tree in the citrus family. It is found in arid and semi arid areas in New South Wales and Queensland Australia. Because of the spotted bark it is known as the Leopardwood or Leopard Tree.The habitat is stony hills and sand plains. It can grow in areas with an annual average rainfall of less than 250 mm such as at Mutawintji National Park.
 Encheiridion is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Gastridium ventricosum is a species of grass known by the common name nit grass. This is an annual grass bearing a long thin smooth inflorescence of spikelets. It is native to Europe but has been introduced elsewhere.
 Saxifraga hyperborea the Pygmy saxifrage is a plant species native to Canada Alaska Greenland Russia Spitsbergen and from mountainous areas in the western United States. One report from Mount Washington in New Hampshire is unverified. The plant grows in wet tundra snow banks stream banks and lake sides at elevations up to 3000 m. The US populations have been called S. debilis or S.
 Myoxanthus (from Greek for dormouse and flower) is a genus of orchids with about 50 species widely distributed in Central and South America. This genus is a close ally of Pleurothallis.The genera Chaetocephala Barb.Rodr. Dubois-Reymondia H.Karst. Duboisia H.Karst. and Reymondia H.Karst. & Kuntze have been included in Myoxanthus.
 The black mangrove (Avicennia germinans) is a species of flowering plant in the acanthus family Acanthaceae. It grows in tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas on both the Atlantic and Pacific coasts and on the Atlantic coast of tropical Africa where it thrives on the sandy and muddy shores that seawater reaches.
 Pictetia mucronata is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in Cuba.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Xylopia amplexicaulis is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Mauritius. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Potentilla reptans known as the creeping cinquefoil European cinquefoil or creeping tormentil is a plant in the Rosaceae family.It is a creeping perennial plant native to Eurasia and Northern Africa and naturalized elsewhere. Its trailing stems root at the nodes. Leaves are borne on long stalks. It blooms in June - August with yellow flowers (about 2 cm in diameter) that have 5 heart-shaped petals. It is quite common. Could be easily confused with silverweed.
 American Pokeweed (Phytolacca americana) is a large semi-succulent herbaceous perennial plant growing up to 10 feet (3 metres) in height. It is native to eastern North America the Midwest and the Gulf Coast with more scattered populations in the far West. It is also known as Virginia poke American nightshade cancer jalap coakum garget inkberry pigeon berry pocan pokeroot pokeweed pokeberry redweed scoke red ink plant and chui xu shang lu (in Chinese medicine).
 The Bottle Tree Moringa drouhardii is an endemic species of Southwest Madagascar.
 Cyathea leichhardtiana the Prickly Tree Fern is a plant found in eastern Australia. A common species found in moist situations in and near rainforests. Named in honour of the explorer and botanical collector Ludwig Leichhardt.Seen between one and seven metres tall it may be identified by the thin prickly trunk 5 to 15 cm wide. The sori lack true indusia the base of the sorus bears a ring of scales. Fronds are up to 3 metres long and the stipe is around 20 cm in length.
 Eremophila nivea also known as Silky Eremophila is a shrub which is native to Western Australia.
 Guatteria williamsii is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Venezuela.
 Vanda coerulea commonly known as Blue Vanda or Autumn Lady's Tresses is a species of orchid found in Assam and neighbouring Khasi hills with its range extending to China (southern Yunnan). It is known as Bhatou phul in Assamese Kwaklei in Manipuri October in Mizo and Vandaar in Sanskrit. It has bluish purple flowers (only Thelymitra crinita has true blue flowers) which are very long lasting compared to other orchids.
 Verticordia acerosa is a woody shrub found in Western Australia.
 The Anisophylleaceae are a small family with four genera in the order Cucurbitales according to the APG II. However it is more isolated from the other suprafamilal clades in this order while it shows some similarities in flower morphology with the genus Ceratopetalum (family Cunoniaceae order Oxalidales).
 Albizia burkartiana is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in Brazil. It is only found in southwestern and western Paraná Santa Catarina in the basin of the Iguazu River and Uruguay River.
 Nidorella is a genus of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family. It contains around 15 species all of which are found in East Africa and Southern Africa.Species include:Nidorella microcephalaNidorella nordenstamiiNidorella resedifolia↑
 Rhopalostylidinae is a botanical subtribe consisting of two genera of palms from Australia and New Zealand Hedyscepe and Rhopalostylis. These two genera were formerly included in Archontophoenicinae to which they are morphologicallysimilar (Dowe 2010:233) until a revision in (Dransfield Uhl et al. 2005).
 Mimulopsis is a genus in the flowering plant family Acanthaceae with about 30 species native to tropical Africa and Madagascar.
 Glyceria borealis is a species of mannagrass known by the common names northern mannagrass boreal mannagrass and small floating mannagrass. It is native to much of the northern half of North America where it has a widespread distribution. This semiaquatic plant grows in wet areas in mountain forests often in the water. It grows a tall and very thin stem often exceeding a meter in height when erect. It may bend lie flat on the ground or float in the water of ponds and streams.
 Bulbophyllum unciniferum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Goodyera pubescens the Rattlesnake Plantain is one of the most common orchids native to eastern North America. It is an evergreen terrestrial species with variegated leaves. The variegation is in the form of a densely reticulated network of veins that are a much lighter green than the rest of the leaf tissue. It is a creeping plant that divides on the ground surface and sends out short stolons. It may be terrestrial or occasionally epipetric growing on rock shelves.
 Symplocos anomala grows as a shrub or tree up to 30 metres (100 ft) tall with a trunk diameter of up to 50 centimetres (20 in). Bark is grey or brown. Its flowers feature a white corolla. Fruit is purple to black when ripe. Habitat is chiefly montane forests from 900 metres (3000 ft) to 2000 metres (6600 ft) altitude. S. anomala is found in Japan China Taiwan Burma Thailand Malaysia and Indonesia.
 Eucalyptus macrocarpa or Mottlecah is a mallee Eucalyptus that is native to the south-west of Western Australia and noted for its large spectacular flowers.
 Piper darienense is a flowering plant in the family Piperaceae. It is called Duermeboca in Panama. In El Chocó the plant is used as a fish poison. Cuna an indigenous people of Panama and Colombia call it Kana and they use it in a bath for snakebites and colds.
 Bulbophyllum neopommeranicum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Compsopogon is a genus of red algae.
 Polystichum aculeatum (Hard Shield Fern) is an evergreen fern native to Europe. It is most abundant in upland regions of the British Isles and western France where it benefits from the combination of mild winters and moist summers but also occurs more locally across most of Europe except northern Scandinavia northern Russia; in the Mediterranean region it is confined to high altitudes.
 Cyanea recta is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names upright cyanea and Kealia cyanea. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known only from the island of Kauai. It is a federally listed threatened species of the United States. Like other Cyanea it is known as haha in Hawaiian.A 1998 survey estimated up to 1500 individuals remaining in seven populations. These are in a few locations on Kauai including the Makaleha Mountains.
 Vriesea minarum is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is native to Brazil.
 Malacothamnus abbottii is a rare species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name Abbott's bushmallow. It is endemic to Monterey County California where it has recently been observed at only a few locations. It was historically known from a single specimen collection and the plant was presumed extinct until it was rediscovered in 1990 near San Ardo in the Salinas River drainage.
 Valeriana is a genus of flowering plants in the family Valerianaceae members of which may by commonly known as valerians.
 Euphorbia setiloba is a species of euphorb known by the common name Yuma sandmat. It is native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico where it grows in dry habitat. This is a small clumping annual herb with slender stems lined with pairs of tiny hairy leaves. Each leaf is just a few millimeters long and oval in shape with a bluntly pointed tip. The minute inflorescence is a cyathium less than two millimeters wide.
 Utricularia benjaminiana is a medium-sized suspended or affixed aquatic perennial carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia (family Lentibulariaceae). Its native distribution includes countries in Africa and Central and South America.
 Abarema piresii is a species of legume of the genus Abarema in the Fabaceae family. The species can be found in the state of Pará in northern Brazil.
 Mutisia is a genus of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.
 Araucaria nemorosa is a species of conifer in the Araucariaceae family.It is found only in New Caledonia an island possession of France in the South Pacific.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Convolvulaceae known commonly as the bindweed or morning glory family is a family of about 60 genera and more than 1650 species of mostly herbaceous vines but also trees shrubs and herbs.
 Kunzea pulcella (Granite Kunzea) is a shrub in the family Myrtaceae. It is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia where it occurs on granite outcrops and slopes.It grows to between 0.6 metres (2 ft 0 in) and 3 metres (9.8 ft) in height. It is one of two Kunzea species that produces red flowers (the other being Kunzea baxteri) although white and cream coloured forms are also known.
 Ormocarpum klainei is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found in Cameroon and Gabon. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Glottiphyllum longum is a species of succulent plant in the Aizoaceae family native to South Africa.
 Monstera punctulata is a species of flowering plant from Araceae family that can be found in southern part of Mexico and Central America.
 Rhododendron subgenus Tsutsuji (known also as Tsutsusi) is a subgenus of the genus Rhododendron commonly referred to as evergreen azaleas. Native to Japan they are of high cultural importance to the Japanese. Among the species in this genus lie the largest flowering azaleas.[citation needed]The subgenus includes two sections:Rhododendron sect. BrachycalyxRhododendron sect. Tsutsusi↑ ↑
 Virola divergens is a species of tree in the Myristicaceae family. It grows to about 25m tall. The fruits are ellipsoidal and subglobular 18-38 mm long and 16-33 mm in diameter grouped 4 to 8.
 Pouteria peruviensis is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Tillandsia festucoides common known as the Fescue Airplant is a species of bromeliad that is native to the Greater Antilles Mexico and Central America.
 Rhynchospora alba the white beak-sedge is a plant in the sedge family Cyperaceae. It is a tufted herbaceous perennial plant found in fairly acidic wetlands which have few plant nutrients.In North America it is widely distributed throughout the eastern United States along the west coast and across Canada. It is also found widely in Europe including the British Isles.
 Bulbophyllum piliferum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Polyscias quintasii is a species of plant in the Araliaceae family. It is endemic to São Tomé and Príncipe.
 Prunus rivularis known variously by the common names creek plum hog plum or wild-goose plum is a thicket forming shrub. It prefers calcareous clay soil or limestone-based woodland soils. This deciduous plant belongs to the rose family Rosaceae and is found mainly in the southern part of United States. It is a shrub consisting of slender stems with umbel clusters of white blossoms.
 The Siberian Elm Ulmus pumila cultivar 'Ansaloni' was raised by the Ansaloni Nurseries [1] Bologna c. 1935 from a tree introduced from the Far East in 1930.
 Tillandsia setacea is a species of the genus Tillandsia.
 Agathis spathulata (New Guinea Kauri) is a species of Agathis native to the highlands of eastern Papua New Guinea occurring at altitudes of 900–1980 m. Although long known it has only relatively recently (1980) been distinguished from Agathis robusta being described first as a subspecies of it Agathis robusta subsp. nesophila Whitm. and subsequently separated as a distinct species Agathis spathulata in 1988.
 Eschweilera venezuelica is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.It is found only in Venezuela.
 Stachytarpheta svensonii is a species of plant in the Verbenaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Arctostaphylos alpina with the common names Alpine Bearberry Mountain Bearberry or Black Bearberry is a dwarf shrub in the heather family Ericaceae. The basionym of this species is Arbutus alpina L..
 The tribe Tigridieae is the largest from the Iridoideae subfamily and included in the Iridaceae family. It contains many perennials which have cormous rootstocks. The name of the tribe comes from its main genus - Tigridia. The tribe is native to the New World.The flowers do not always have well differentiated petals like in many other Iridoideae.
 Myrsine fosbergii is a species of plant in the Myrsinaceae family. It is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mallotus oppositifolius is a plant species in the genus Mallotus found in Africa and Madagascar. The variety Mallotus oppositifolius var. lindicus is classified in the IUCN red list of vulnerable species of plants.The aqueous and ethanol extracts of the plant show antifungal properties. The bioassay-guided fractionation of an ethanol extract of the leaves and inflorescence of M.
 Buxus microphylla (Japanese Box or Littleleaf Box) is a species of Buxus native to Japan and Taiwan.It is an evergreen shrub or small tree growing to 2–3 m tall. The leaves are bright green 10–25 mm long oval with a rounded or notched tip.The species was first described from Japanese cultivated plants of an unknown origin; these are dwarf shrubs that only grow to a height of 1 m possessing small leaves less than 18 mm long.
 Geranium retrorsum is a species of geranium known by the common name New Zealand geranium in the United States and common cranesbill in Australia. It is native to Australia but can be found on other continents as an introduced species which is often a noxious weed as well. This is a perennial herb growing generally erect to a maximum height approaching half a meter. The stems are green to reddish and have stiff hairs.
 Clutia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae. There are about 70 species found in Africa and Arabia.
 Didelta is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Calycadenia pauciflora is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name smallflower western rosinweed. It is endemic to northern California where it grows in the Coast Ranges north of the San Francisco Bay Area. This is an annual herb producing a slender crooked branching stem coated with hairs growing up to half a meter tall. The leaves are linear in shape and up to 5 centimeters long.
 Romeroa verticillata is a species of plant in the Bignoniaceae family. It is endemic to Colombia.
 Ambrosia acanthicarpa is a species of ragweed known by the common names flatspine burr ragweed annual burrweed and annual bur-sage. This spiny weedy plant grows in clumps of many erect stems which may reach over a meter in height. Its gray-green stems are covered in a coat of stiff bristly hairs. The few rough leaves are several centimeters long. The racemes of flowers are more plentiful with each hairy flower head a few millimeters wide.
 Alcantarea heloisae is a species of the genus Alcantarea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Spiranthes romanzoffiana commonly known as the Hooded Lady's-tresses is a species of orchid. Collected by Chamisso during the Romanzov expedition it was described by him in 1828 and named for Count Nikolay Rumyantsev who financed it.This orchid is native to North America Ireland and the British Isles. (Codes)
 Eugenia indica is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to India.
 Tillandsia chiapensis is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Lepanthes acuminata is a species of orchid that occurs from Mexico (Chiapas) to Central America.
 Salvia smithii is an aromatic perennial plant that is native to Sichuan province in China found growing on riverbanks valleys and hillsides at 2600 to 3500 m (8500 to 11500 ft) elevation. S. smithii grows to 30 to 90 cm (12 to 35 in) tall with leaves that are broadly cordate-ovate to ovate-hastate ranging in size from 4 to 22 cm (1.6 to 8.7 in) long and 3 to 18 cm (1.2 to 7.1 in) wide. Inflorescences are 2-flowered verticillasters in loose many branched raceme-panicles.
 Biscutella is a genus of about 46 species of flowering plants of Brassicaceae or Cruciferae family according to Appel O. & Al-Shehbaz I. 2003.It contains the following species: Biscutella laevigata Biscutella rotgesii (Lunetière de Rotgès)
 Drnekuša is an ancient red wine grape variety from the Dalmatian coast in Croatia. Rarely found when it is grown it is typically blended with Plavac Mali giving a deep ruby coloration typically to when Syrah is used as a blend. On the island of Hvar one winery will sometimes release a wine that is 100% Drnekuša but only when the growing season is the most optimal.A bisexual flower Drnekuša starts producing in its third year of growth.
 Isolepis is a cosmopolitan genus of sedge containing around 70 species. Isolepis is found in cool tropical and temperate climates often in Africa and Australasia.It was first described by prolific botanist Robert Brown in 1810. In 1870 a botanist Boeckler dispanded the genus putting most of the names under a different genus Scirpus. By the early 20th century Isolepis ceased to exist with other botanists following on from Boeckler's work.
 Rauvolfia tetraphylla is a plant in the Apocynaceae family growing as a bush or small tree. It is commonly known as the devil-pepper or Be still tree. The plant is native to the tropical Americas. It has been cultivated widely as both an ornamental and as a source of pharmaceuticals and is now naturalised throughout the tropics including Australasia Indochina and India.
 The hybrid elm Ulmus × notha Wilhelm G.Ware [1] was derived from an accidental crossing of Ulmus pumila with Ulmus rubra in Illinois.
 Astrocaryum chambira (Chambira palm) is a palm native to Amazon Rainforest vegetation in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. This plant which has edible endosperm and fruit. It has a commercial value because it has excellent fibers which may be used for bags hammocks ropes string instruments and many crafts. In addition it is also used as a medicinal plant.
 Waratah (Telopea) is an endemic Australian genus of five species of large shrubs or small trees native to the southeastern parts of Australia (New South Wales Victoria and Tasmania). The most well-known species in this genus is Telopea speciosissima which has bright red flowers and is the NSW state emblem. The waratah is a member of the plant family Proteaceae a family of flowering plants distributed in the Southern Hemisphere.
 The 'Spartan' is an apple cultivar developed by Dr. R.C Palmer and introduced in 1936 from the Federal Agriculture Research Station in Summerland British Columbia now known as the Pacific Agri-food Research Centre - Summerland. The 'Spartan' is notable for being the first new breed of apple produced from a formal scientific breeding program.
 Euphorbia delphinensis is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is rocky areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Metzgeria is a genus of thalloid liverworts in the family Metzgeriaceae. The genus was named in honor of Johann Metzger (1771–1844) German copper engraver and art restorer from Staufen Breisgau(Baden-Wurttemberg) a friend of Raddi and pupil of the great Florentineengraver Raphael Sanzio Morghen (1753–1833). Approximately 120 to 200 species of Metzgeria have been described. Species may be either monoicous or dioicous.
 Casearia lasiophylla is a species of plant in the Salicaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Bulbophyllum prianganense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Sanicula tuberosa is a species of flowering plant in the parsley family known by the common name turkey pea. It is native to western North America from Oregon through California to Baja California where it can be found in many types of habitat including chaparral forests and woodlands. It is variable in appearance. In general it is a perennial herb producing a slender stem up to 80 centimeters long from a small spherical tuber no more than 2 centimeters wide.
 Chinese celery (Apium graveolens var. secalinum) is a variety of celery cultivated in East Asian countries for its edible flavorful stalks and leaves. The stems are thinner than those of regular celery and curved into round hollow stalks. Also unlike with regular celery the leaves are used as much as the stalks.
 Melaleuca zeteticorum is an Australian shrub.
 Ficus nervosa is a tree in the family Moraceae which grows up to a height of 35 meters. It is found in most Asian countries.
 Bulbophyllum undatilabre is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Conospermum taxifolium is a shrub of the Proteaceae family native to eastern Australia first described by Karl Friedrich von Gaertner in 1807.
 Rock's peony or Rock's tree peony (Paeonia rockii also Paeonia suffruticosa subsp. rockii) is a woody species of peony that was named after Joseph Rock. It is one of several species given the vernacular name tree peony and is native to the mountains of Gansu and adjoining provinces. In Chinese it is known as 牡丹 (pinyin: mǔdān) and its flower is called 牡丹花 (pinyin: mǔdān huā). It became the unofficial national flower of China following a nationwide referendum in 1994.
 Hexastylis naniflora is a rare species of flowering plant in the birthwort family known by the common name dwarf-flowered heartleaf. It is endemic to the Piedmont region of the United States where it is limited to a small area straddling the border between North Carolina and South Carolina. It is a federally listed threatened species.This is a rhizomatous perennial herb forming a small patch on the ground the leaves emerging from the underground rhizome.
 Navarretia prolifera is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name bur pincushionplant. It is endemic to the Sierra Nevada foothills of California where it grows near running water.
 Cedrelinga is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the sub family Mimosoideae.
 Cup orchids (genus Brachionidium) are a group of about 72 species of orchids found throughout tropical America. The generic name comes from Greek (little arm) and refers to the protrusions on the stigma.The genus Yolanda Hoehne is a synonym of Brachionidium.
 Hakea denticulata commonly known as Stinking Roger is a shrub tree endemic southern Western Australia. One of the many species of Australian plant described by the botanist Robert Brown it is a compact shrub up to 1 or 2 metres high and wide with red flowers in the spring of a powerful odor.
 'Pacifica' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Aechmea in the Bromeliad family.
 Passiflora jamesonii is a species of plant in the Passifloraceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Amanoa bracteosa is a species of plant in the Phyllanthaceae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Liberia and Sierra Leone. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lonchocarpus sanctuarii is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Honduras.
 Dillenia suffruticosa (Simpoh Ayer) is a species of Dillenia found in tropical South East Asia in secondary forest and swampy ground. It is a large evergreen shrub to 6 metres high. It flowers continuously with yellow flowers 10 to 12 cm wide.Dillenia suffruticosa is national flower of Brunei and can be found everywhere across the country. In Singapore the large oval-shaped leaves of this plant are commonly known as CB leaves.
 Eriogonum crocatum (Conejo Buckwheat or Saffron Buckwheat) is a species of Eriogonum or Wild Buckwheat. It is endemic to the Conejo Valley and surrounding regions in Ventura County California It grows on open dry hillsides often in crags in rock faces.
 Melica transsilvanica Red Spire is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in Europe and temperate Asia which includes Caucasus and China.
 Acalyphoideae is a subfamily within the family Euphorbiaceae.
 Orophea uniflora is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to India. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bulbophyllum subclavatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Gerritea is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Racinaea ghiesbreghtii is a species of the genus Racinaea. This species is native to Mexico.
 Portea petropolitana is a plant species of Portea in the botanical family Bromeliaceae that is endemic to Brazil.
 Phyllostegia racemosa is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names kiponapona and racemed phyllostegia. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known only from the slopes of the volcanoes Mauna Loa and Mauna Kea. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This plant is a white-flowered vine with a spicy scent. There are probably fewer than 1000 individuals remaining in the moist and wet forests of the two volcanoes.
 Macropodiella pellucida is a species of plant in the Podostemaceae family. It is endemic to Cameroon. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Delphinium patens is a species of larkspur known by the common names zigzag larkspur and spreading larkspur. It is a wildflower limited mainly to California. Though not yet confirmed there it is expected in Baja California. Plants grow typically 20 to 50 centimeters tall and bear up to 36 flowers each. The stems are mostly hairless have reddish bases and bears leaves on the lower half. Each leaf is divided into 3 to 9 lobes. The flower has dark blue sepals the latter ones reflexed.
 Zeyheria is a genus of plant in family Bignoniaceae. Species include: Zeyheria tuberculosa Burman
 Adenanthos eyrei is a species of shrub in the family Proteaceae. Restricted to a single cliff-top dune system on the remote south coast of Western Australia it is listed as rare and endangered. It was discovered by E. Charles Nelson in 1973 and formally described and named in 1978.
 Massonia etesionamibensis (syn. Whiteheadia etesionamibensis) is a species of plant that is endemic to Namibia. Its natural habitat is rocky areas.
 The Wych Elm Ulmus glabra cultivar 'Firma' was described by Schneider in 1904.
 Eryngium bourgatii (Mediterranean sea holly Bourgati's eryngo) is a species of flowering plant in the family Apiaceae native to Morocco Lebanon Turkey France and Spain. It is a perennial herb growing to 15–45 cm (6–18 in) tall. The spherical blue flowerheads have spiny bracts.Numerous cultivars have been produced for garden use of which 'Oxford Blue' has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
 Castanopsis kawakamii is a species of plant in the Fagaceae family. It is found in China Taiwan and Vietnam. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hechtia glabra is a species of the genus Hechtia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Eugenia salamensis is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is found in Costa Rica El Salvador Honduras and Mexico.
 Gomidesia cambessedeana was a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It was endemic to Brazil.
 Pileostegia is a genus of 4 species of flowering plants in the family Hydrangeaceae native to India and eastern Asia. They are evergreen climbers bearing dense clusters of creamy white flowers in late summer.The genus name Pileostegia comes from the Greek for cap covering referring to the corollas.The species known in cultivation is P. viburnoides (climbing hydrangea).
 Monardella palmeri is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Palmer's monardella.
 Carramboa is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Pediocactus knowltonii is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Knowlton's miniature cactus Knowlton's pincushion cactus and Knowlton's minute cactus. It is endemic to San Juan County New Mexico in the United States. It is the smallest and rarest species in genus Pediocactus. It is threatened by a number of human activities. It is federally listed as an endangered species of the United States.This tiny cactus may reach a maximum size of 55 millimeters tall by 30 mm wide.
 Tylophora is a genus of climbing plant or vine. It consists of about 60 species from tropical and subtropical Asia Africa and Australia most of which are perennial lianas. The name is derived from the Ancient Greek tylos/τυλος knot and phoros/φορος bearing. The genus was originally erected by Robert Brown for four species he described in Australia. It was placed in the Asclepiadaceae.
 Arecinae is a palm tree subtribe in the tribe Areceae.
 Psilanthele is a genus of plant in family Acanthaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Psilanthele eggersii Lindau
 Ononis repens or common restharrow is a plant species of the genus Ononis. It is found by the shore and is also common in dry hill pastures in chalk or limestone areas. It is a prostrate woody perennial with small oval leaves. The leaves are covered in glandular hairs which give a resinous smell on bruising. The flowers are pink and unscented blooming from July to September.
 Piperia michaelii is an uncommon species of orchid known by the common names Michael's rein orchid and Michael's piperia. It is endemic to California where it is known from the coastal plains hills and mountains and the Sierra Nevada foothills. It can be found in varied habitat including scrub woodland and forest. This orchid grows erect to about 70 centimeters in maximum height from a bulbous caudex. The basal leaves are up to 24 centimeters long by 5 wide.
 Cicendia is a small genus of plants in the gentian family which contains only two species of tiny yellow annual wildflowers. Cicendia filiformis the slender cicendia or yellow centaury is native to Europe and naturalized in other places such as Australia. Cicendia quadrangularis the Oregon timwort is native to western North America and South America.
 Ocotea clarkei is a species of Ocotea in the Lauraceae plant family. It is an evergreen tree that is endemic to Mexico.
 Eleocharis montevidensis is a species of spikesedge known by the common name sand spikerush. It is a widespread coastal plant native to the Americas ranging from North Carolina (USA) south to Argentina where it grows in moist sandy spots in many habitat types including lakes riverbanks wet meadows and springs.
 Pterocaulon redirects here. For the seaweed see Sargassum.Pterocaulon is a genus of flowering plants in the Asteraceae family native to North and South America and to Australasia. The plants are perennial herbs frequently densely covered with woolly hairs. The generic name means winged stem referring to the decurrent leaf bases that give the appearance of wings running down the sides of the stems.
 Spergularia is a genus of the Caryophyllaceae family containing plants known as sea-spurreys and sandspurrys. There are about 60 species.
 One of the European species of Senecio Senecio vernalis is an annual that is also known as Eastern groundsel. While it has been long classified as Senecio vernalis this species has more recently been identified as a subspecies of Senecio leucanthemifolius Poir. and is now included by some in that species taxonomy.
 Vepris borenensis is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family. It is found in Ethiopia and Kenya.
 Grosvenoria rimbachii is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Selago nachtigalii is a species of plant in the Scrophulariaceae family. It is endemic to Namibia. Its natural habitat is cold desert.
 Lupinus albicaulis is a species of lupine known by the common name sickle-keel lupine. It is native to the western United States from Washington to California where it grows mostly in mountain habitat. It is a hairy erect perennial herb often exceeding a meter in height. Each palmate leaf is made up of 5 to 10 leaflets each up to 7 centimeters long. The inflorescence is up to 44 centimeters long bearing whorls of flowers each 1 to 1.6 centimeters long.
 Nymphoides hydrophylla (Crested floating heart White water snowflake White snowflake[citation needed]) is an aquatic plant of the family Menyanthaceae native to tropical Asia. It has cordate floating leaves that support a lax inflorescence of dainty white flowers with fringed petal margins. Its slim stem (spear) is edible and is used as vegetable at Meinong District Kaohsiung Taiwan.Flowers of N. hydrophylla are gynodioecious.
 Agathis philippinensis (Almaciga or Dayungon) is a species of Agathis native to the Philippines Sulawesi and Halmahera where it occurs in upland tropical rainforest at 450-2200 m altitude rarely as low as 250 m in northern Luzon.
 Tempskya is an extinct genus of tree-like fern that lived during the Cretaceous period. The genus is known from several petrified specimens from various locations across the Northern Hemisphere. Specimens have also been recovered in Argentina and Australia.
 Planchonella is a genus of flowering trees in the gutta-percha family Sapotaceae. Named in honour of Jules Émile Planchon it contains around 100 mainly tropical species two of which reach South America and about 18 make it to Australia. It was described by Jean Baptiste Louis Pierre. The genus is included in the larger genus Pouteria by some authorities hence species such as Planchonella queenslandica are also known as Pouteria queenslandica.
 The Blyde River Protea or Blyde Sugarbush (Protea laetans) is a localized plant of the Proteaceae family. It was recognised as a species in 1970 and is endemic to the Blyde River Canyon of the Mpumalanga escarpment South Africa. The slender plants are up to 5m tall and flower from mid to late summer. The bracts of their closed flower heads are shiny and silvery in appearance. They are most easily viewed near the F.H. Odendaal camp of the Blyde River Canyon Nature Reserve.
 Carpobrotus (commonly known as pigface ice plant and Hottentot plant) is a genus of ground-creeping plants with succulent leaves and large daisy-like flowers. The name refers to the edible fruits. It comes from the Greek karpos (fruit) and brota (edible).The genus includes some 12 to 20 accepted species. Most are South African endemics but there are at least four Australian species and one South American.
 Wahlenbergia insulae-howei is a flowering plant in the bellflower family. The specific epithet alludes to Lord Howe Island where it is found.
 Nestronia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Santalaceae containing the single species Nestronia umbellula which is known by the common names Nestronia Conjurer's-nut and Indian olive. It is native to the piedmont of the southeastern United States usually occurring in isolated clonal colonies of all male or all female plants.A rare small rhizomatous shrub Nestronia is a hemiparasite on the roots of oaks and other hardwoods as well as pines.
 Ardisia urbanii is a species of plant in the Myrsinaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica.
 Werauhia graminifolia is a species of the genus Werauhia. This species is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Thompsonella is a genus of family Crassulaceae. It includes about eight species endemic to Mexico.
 Ranunculus papulentus (Large River Buttercup) is a buttercup that is endemic to south-eastern Australia.
 Calochortus simulans is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name San Luis Obispo mariposa lily not to be confused with the San Luis mariposa lily C. obispoensis. It is native to San Luis Obispo County California and its range extends south into Santa Barbara County. It is a perennial herb producing a branching stem up to 60 centimeters tall. The basal leaf is 10 to 20 centimeters long and withers by flowering.
 Aechmea castelnavii is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is native to Bolivia and Brazil.
 Nolina cismontana the chaparral beargrass California beargrass or peninsular nolina is a rare species of flowering plant of the Peninsular and Transverse Ranges in California. It is endemic to (known from) only four counties in Southern California: Los Angeles Orange San Diego and Ventura Counties.
 Pollia condensata colloquially called the marble berry is a perennial herbaceous plant with stoloniferous stems and shiny metallic blue berries found in forested regions of Africa. The glossy blue of the berries created by structural coloration is the most intense of any known biological material.
 Bulbophyllum macilentum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Caulanthus simulans is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Payson's wild cabbage and Payson's jewelflower. It is endemic to southern California where it is known mainly from open dry habitat in the hills and deserts of Riverside and San Diego Counties. It is a bristly annual herb with deeply cut leaves the longest arranged in cluster around the base of the stem.
 Discoclaoxylon is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae.
 Neoregelia uleana is a species of the genus Neoregelia. This species is native to Brazil.
 Artemisia stelleriana (also called Dusty Miller Beach Wormwood and Oldwoman) is a species of plants from Asteraceae family that can be found in Japan and Kamchatka. Today due to the introduction the species could be found in United States and Canada.
 Nepenthes ceciliae is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to the Philippine island of Mindanao where it grows at 1500–1880 m above sea level. Its discovery was announced online in August 2011.Nepenthes ceciliae belongs to the informal N. alata group which also includes N. alata N. copelandii N. extincta N. graciliflora N. hamiguitanensis N. kitanglad N. kurata N. leyte N. mindanaoensis N. negros N. ramos N. saranganiensis and N. ultra.
 Pterocarpus dalbergioides the Andaman Padauk Andaman Redwood or East Indian Mahogany is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is sometimes called narra but this is just a generic term used for any of several Pterocarpus species.It is found only in India.
 Dorstenia hildegardis is a species of herb in the Moraceae plant family which is native to eastern Brazil.
 The Golden Wych Elm Ulmus glabra 'Lutescens' is arguably the best of the golden elm cultivars as it keeps its colour as it ages.
 Arabis macdonaldiana is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name MacDonald's rockcress. It is native to northern California and Oregon where it grows on newly exposed barren serpentine soils in openings in temperate coniferous forest habitat.
 Lepilaena is a genus of aquatic and marine flowering plant comprising 6 or more species endemic to coastal and brackish or akaline inland waters of temperate Australia Tasmania and New Zealand.The species are appended with common names that derive from their description as water-mats; for example L. australis is referred to as Austral water-mat and L. marina as Sea water-mat.
 Anthemis cotula also known as stinking chamomile is a flowering annual plant with a noticeable and strong odor. The odor is often considered unpleasant and it is from this that it gains the common epithet stinking. It is initially native to Europe and North Africa. It has successfully migrated to North America Southern Africa Australia and New Zealand where it can be found growing on waste ground alongside roads and in fields.
 Pyrrocoma racemosa is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name clustered goldenweed. It is native to the western United States where it grows in many types of habitat. It is quite variable in morphology and there are several varieties which are sometimes hard to tell apart. In general it is a perennial herb usually producing two or more mostly erect stems reaching maximum heights between 15 and 90 centimeters.
 Niphidium (J. Smith 1875) is a genus of ferns in family Polypodiaceae. They are native to the Caribbean Central America and South America.
 The name candelabra primula or candelabra primrose refers to species of Primula section Proliferae (formerly Candelabra).
 Oncidium abbreviated as Onc. in the horticultural trade is a genus that contains about 330 species of orchids from the subtribe Oncidiinae of the orchid family (Orchidaceae).
 Nepenthes × merrilliata (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz mɛˌrɪliˈɑːtə/; a blend of merrilliana and alata) is a natural hybrid involving N. alata and N. merrilliana. Like its two parent species it is endemic to the Philippines but limited by the natural range of N. merrilliana to Samar as well as Mindanao and its offshore islands.
 'Folia Rhomboidea' is one of a number of cultivars possibly arising from the crossing of the Wych Elm Ulmus glabra with a variety of Field Elm Ulmus minor. First mentioned by Morren in Jour. Agric. Prat. Belg. 4: 509 511 1851 as U. campestris latifolia foliis rhomboides.
 Prunus nigra (Canada Plum or Black Plum) is a species of Prunus native to eastern North America from New Brunswick west to southeastern Manitoba and south to Connecticut across to Iowa. It formerly also occurred south to Ohio but is now thought to be extinct in that state.
 Neoregelia indecora is a species of the genus Neoregelia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Machaerium cuzcoense is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in Peru.
 Eorhynia is a genus of extinct plants of the Late Silurian (Přídolí around 430 to 420 million years ago) which somewhat resemble Rhynia. Fossils were found in Podolia in modern Ukraine.
 Cassipourea swaziensis (Swazi onionwood Afrikaans: Swazi-uiehout) is a species of plant in the Rhizophoraceae family. It is found in South Africa and Swaziland. It is threatened by habitat loss and a protected tree in South Africa.
 Trifolium amoenum known by the common name Showy Indian clover is endemic to California and is an endangered annual herb that subsists in grassland areas of the San Francisco Bay Area and the northern California Coast Ranges.
 Fragaria chiloensis the beach strawberry Chilean strawberry or coastal strawberry is one of two species of strawberry that were hybridized to create the modern garden strawberry (F. × ananassa). It is noted for its large berries. Its natural range is the Pacific Ocean coasts of North and South America and also Hawaiʻi. Migratory birds are thought to have dispersed F.
 Palicourea fuchsioides is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Castanopsis wallichii is a species of plant in the Fagaceae family. It is found in Malaysia and Singapore. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Kalimpongia is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Sebastiania howardiana is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica.
 Strobilanthes callosus Nees (Synonym: Carvia callosa (Nees) Bremek) is a shrub found mainly in the low hills of the western ghats all along the west coast of India. Its standardized Hindi language name is Maruadona (मरुआदोना) by which it is called in the state of Madhya Pradesh where it is also found.
 Aechmea kertesziae is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is native to Brazil.
 The saxaul black saxaul sometimes sacsaoul or saksaul (Russian: saksaul which is from Kazakh: seksevil scientific name Haloxylon ammodendron) is a plant belonging to the Amaranthaceae.
 Acacia flavescens also known as the red or yellow Wattle is a tree in the Acacia genus native to eastern Australia.
 Barringtonia reticulata grows as a shrub or small tree up to 10 metres (33 ft) tall with a trunk diameter of up to 20 centimetres (10 in). The bark is grey. The specific epithet reticulata is from the Latin meaning like a network referring to the leaf veins. B. reticulata is found in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands Malaysia Brunei and Indonesia.
 Quercus lyrata (overcup oak) is an oak in the white oak group (Quercus sect. Quercus). It is native to lowland wetlands in the southeastern United States from Delaware and southern Illinois south to northern Florida and southeast Texas.It is a medium-sized deciduous tree growing to 20 m tall with a trunk up to 80 cm (rarely 140 cm) diameter.
 Malus sieboldii commonly called Toringo crabapple or Siebold's crabapple is a species in the family Rosaceae. It is sometimes considered to have three varieties: M. sieboldii var. sieboldii (the true Siebold's crabapple) M. sieboldii var. sargentii which is sometimes considered to be a separate species M. sargentii and M. sieboldii var. zumi.
 Nestegis lanceolata commonly called white maire is a tree native to New Zealand. N. lanceolata is found from lowland to hilly forest across the North Island. In the South Island its uncommon but is found in the Marlborough Sounds.It grows to approximately 15 metres high and has long (5-12 cm) leathery and glossy leaves. Racemes of green flowers are produced in spring followed by a 1 cm long red fruit.
 Amalocalyx is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae consisting of lianas often found clinging to trees. It includes three species:Amalocalyx burmanicus ChatterjeeAmalocalyx microlobus Pierre Amalocalyx yunnanensis TsiangThese lianas are found in altitude ranges of 800 to 1 000 m in Southern Yunnan (South-east China) Laos Burma Thailand and VietnamLocal names: Chinese: 毛车藤 (Pinyin for Mandarin: máo chē téng) Laotian: ຊີມ ([síːm]).
 Lactoris fernandeziana is a flowering shrub endemic to the cloud forest of Masatierra — Robinson Crusoe Island of the Juan Fernández Islands archipelago. It was formerly placed in Aristolochiaceae but as of the APG III (2009) is now placed alone in the family Lactoridaceae in the order Piperales.Morphological data are not clear concerning the classification of Lactoris but molecular data place it in the Aristolochiaceae.
 The cultivar 'Webbiana' or Webb's Smooth-leafed Elm is said to be a form of Cornish Elm distinguished by its unusual leaves that fold longitudinally; raised at Lee's Nursery Hammersmith London circa 1868.
 Tillandsia carlsoniae is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Tillandsia engleriana is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Bolivia.
 Lotus formosissimus is a species of legume known by the common name seaside bird's-foot trefoil. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California where it grows in moist spots in the coastal mountains and down to the oceanside bluffs. It is a perennial herb growing upright or spreading to about half a meter in maximum length. It is lined with leaves each made up of a few oppositely arranged oval leaflets up to 2 centimeters long.
 Dischidia major or Malayan Urn Vine is an unusual plant first encountered in 1772 as a specimen sent from Madras to Nathaniel Wallich the curator of the Calcutta Botanical Garden. He published a description in the second volume of Plantae Asiaticae rariores and named it Dischidia rafflesiana in honour of his late friend Sir Stamford Raffles the founder of Singapore. The honorific did not survive the test of time but the peculiar morphology of the plant persists.
 Guzmania brasiliensis is a species of the genus Guzmania. This species is native to Venezuela and Ecuador.
 Ptilagrostis kingii is a species of grass known by the common names King's ricegrass and Sierra false needlegrass. It is endemic to the high mountains of the Sierra Nevada of California where it grows in meadows and near streams in subalpine and alpine climates.
 Baccaurea ramiflora (Burmese grape) is a slow growing evergreen tree in the Phyllanthaceae family growing to 25 m with a spreading crown and thin bark. It is found throughout Asia most commonly cultivated in India and Malaysia. It grows in evergreen forests on a wide range of soils. The fruit is harvested and used locally eaten as a fruit stewed or made into wine; it is also used medicinally to treat skin diseases.
 Eucalyptus pseudoglobulus commonly known as Gippsland Blue Gum is a Eucalypt species native to Victoria and the southeastern corner of New South Wales Australia. It is called also Victorian Eurabbie Bastard Eurabbie and Blue Gum.It is a tree growing to 40 m tall. The bark is mostly smooth shedding in long strips to leave a white or greyish surface; sometimes with rough partially shed bark at the base.
 Livistona fulva is a palm species restricted in distribution to the Blackdown Tablelands in central Queensland Australia. L. fulva is a tall solitary palm. In nature it grows in open forests; in cultivation. it prefers a warm temperate climate and sunny position.
 Spiraea prunifolia commonly called Bridalwreath is a species of the genus Spiraea sometimes also called Spirea. Bridalwreath flowers mid-spring around May 5th. It is native to Japan Korea and China.
 Anthurium navasii is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Plantago major (broadleaf plantain or greater plantain) is a species of Plantago family Plantaginaceae. The plant is native to most of Europe and northern and central Asia but has widely naturalised elsewhere in the world.Plantago major is one of the most abundant and widely distributed medicinal crops in the world. A poultice of the leaves can be applied to wounds stings and sores in order to facilitate healing and prevent infection.
 Dorstenia aristeguietae is a species of herb in the Moraceae plant family which is native to Venezuela.
 Euphorbia trichophylla is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and rocky areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Areca catechu is the areca palm or areca nut palm betel palm Filipino: bunga Indonesia/Malay: pinang Malayalam: അടക്ക adakka Kannada: ಅಡಿಕೆ Adike) ( in Tamil kamuhu in Sinhala Puwak ) a species of palm which grows in much of the tropical Pacific Asia and parts of east Africa. The palm is believed to have originated in the Philippines.
 Rataj places it in his Section Macrophylli - Subgenus Echinodorus
 Shorea iliasii (also called Yellow Meranti) is a woody species in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Miconia ledifolia is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Amauria is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Neomitranthes langsdorfii is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Amaranthus sclerantoides is a species of plant in the Amaranthaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Argentina (silverweeds) is a genus of plants in the rose family (Rosaceae). The circumscription is not yet fully settled; it includes at least three species long classified in Potentilla sect. Leptostylae. A further 23-25 or more species also traditionally included in Potentilla sect. Leptostylae are however yet to be formally transferred to Argentina.
 Leptotes mogyensis is a species of orchid endemic to southeastern Brazil.
 Habenaria nigrescens is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family. It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Syzygium praineanum is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Copernicia roigii is a palm which is endemic to Cuba.
 Polygala subspinosa is a species of flowering plant in the milkwort family known by the common name spiny milkwort. It is native to the southwestern United States where it grows in desert and plateau habitat. It is a perennial herb or small shrub growing in a clump no more than 25 centimeters tall. The stems have woody bases and green thorn-tipped branches. The leaves are up to 3 centimeters in length and generally oval in shape.
 Bulbophyllum glanduliferum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Nepenthes × trusmadiensis (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz truːsmɑːdiˈɛnsɪs/; after Mount Trus Madi) or the Trus Madi Pitcher-Plant is a natural hybrid of two famous Bornean pitcher plant species: N. lowii and N. macrophylla. It is restricted to Mount Trus Madi where both of its parent species are sympatric.
 Heteropogon contortus aka Steekgras (Afrikaans) is a tropical perennial tussock grass with a native distribution encompassing Southern Africa southern Asia Northern Australia and Oceania. The species has also become a naturalised weed in tropical and subtropical regions in the Americas and East Asia. The plant grows to 1.5 metres (4.9 ft) in height and is favoured in most environments by frequent burning.
 The genus Thymus (/ˈtaɪməs/; thymes) contains about 350species of aromatic perennial herbaceous plants and subshrubs to 40 cm tall in the family Lamiaceae native to temperate regions in Europe North Africa and Asia.Stems tend to be narrow or even wiry; leaves are evergreen in most species arranged in opposite pairs oval entire and small 4–20 mm long and usually aromatic.
 Cubanola domingensis or campanita are small showy trees from the Dominican Republic.
 Lithophragma glabrum is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name bulbous woodland star. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California and Saskatchewan to Colorado where it grows in many types of habitat. It is a rhizomatous perennial herb growing erect or leaning with a slender glandular-pubescent flowering stem. The small leaves are mostly located on the lower part of the stem.
 Lysipomia tubulosa is a species of flowering plant in the family Campanulaceae. It is endemic to Ecuador. It has only been collected twice most recently over 60 years ago. It is known from forest and páramo habitat in the high Andes. It is threatened by habitat destruction.
 Gonystylus calophyllus grows as a small tree. The twigs are dark brown. The specific epithet calophyllus is from the Greek meaning beautiful leaves. Habitat is lowland mixed dipterocarp forest. G. calophyllus is endemic to Borneo.
 Hutchinsonia glabrescens is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is found in Liberia.
 Pogonarthria is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Calceolaria tomentosa is a perennial plant belonging to the genus Calceolaria and native to Peru.Calceolaria tomentosa can reach a height of about 1 meter (3 feet). It has soft wide cordate leaves and a soft stem. The flowers are yellow.
 Cyathea doctersii is a species of tree fern endemic to Sumatra where it grows in forest at an altitude of approximately 150 m. The trunk is erect and 2-3 m tall. Fronds are bi- or tripinnate and 2-3 m long. The stipe is covered with scattered flat brown scales and some hairs. Sori occur near the fertile pinnule midvein and are covered by thin brown indusia that are scale-like in appearance.C. doctersii appears to be most closely related to Cyathea javanica.
 Carex firma is a species of sedge that grows in the mountains of southern and central Europe.
 Pouteria viridis is a species of flowering plant in the family Sapotaceae known by the common name green sapote.Other common names include red faisan white faisan (Belize) zapote blanco zapote rojo zapote de castilla zapote de montana (Costa Rica) zapote verde zapote injerto (Costa Rica El Salvador Honduras) injerto verde (Guatemala) zapotillo calenturiento (Honduras) zapote amarillo zapote mico zapote real (Nicaragua) chulul (Mexico) yashtul mameicito (Spanish language) chul (Mam language) ixulul (Jacalteco) raxtulul (Poqomchi' language) tulul (Tz’utujil language) and sapota zalená (Czech).
 Tetragamestus is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Lockhartia oerstedii is a species of orchid native to Mexico Guatemala Nicaragua Honduras Costa Rica Panama and Colombia. The species usually grows in mountain forests.
 Balaka samoensis is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family. It is found only in Samoa.
 Acanthosicyos is a genus of thorny shrubs of the botanical family Cucurbitaceae subfamily Cucurbitoideae. The genus name derives from the Greek words akantha for thorn and sykios for cucumber or gourd.
 Stellaria calycantha is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name northern starwort. It is native to western North America from Alaska and northwestern Canada to California and New Mexico as well as eastern Russia. It occurs in subalpine and alpine climates in many types of moist shady habitat. It is a rhizomatous perennial herb producing a prostrate to erect stem up to 25 centimeters long taking a clumpy form.
 Marcgraviastrum sodiroi is a species of plant in the Marcgraviaceae family endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Merrilliopanax alpinus is a species of plant in the Araliaceae family. It is endemic to China.
 In taxonomy Amphikrikos is a genus of algae specifically of the Oocystaceae.
 × Haagespostoa is a hybrid genus of cacti a natural hybrid between Haageocereus and Espostoa.
 Ormosia hosiei is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is a large tree up to 20–30 metres (66–98 ft) tall. It is only found in eastern and central China (in Anhui Fujian Gansu Guizhou Hubei SE Jiangsu Jiangxi S Shaanxi Sichuan and Zhejiang provinces). It is becoming rare due to habitat loss and over-harvesting. The natural habitat of this species is in low-elevation broadleaved forest. It is under second-class national protection.
 Bhesa nitidissima is a species of plant in the Centroplacaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Dichaetophora is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Hopea centipeda is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is found in Brunei and Malaysia.
 Elaeagnus commutata (American silverberry or Wolf-willow) is a species of Elaeagnus native to western and boreal North America from southern Alaska through British Columbia east to Quebec south to Utah and across the upper Midwestern United States to South Dakota and western Minnesota. It typically grows on dry to moist sandy and gravel soils in steppes meadows or woodland edges.These plants are shrubs or small trees growing to 1–4 m tall.
 Campylospermum scheffleri is a species of plant in the Ochnaceae family. It is endemic to Tanzania.
 Nitraria billardierei (also Nitraria schoberi) is a perennial salt tolerant shrub. It is often found in saline areas or areas that have been overgrazed. Nitre Bush flowers mainly in spring with small ovoid or oblong fruit (drupe) that are purple red or golden. While widely known as Nitre Bush it is sometimes referred to as Dillon Bush The fruit are edible said to taste like salty grapes and were eaten by indigenous Australians. Fruit can also be made into jam or dried and stored.
 Polystichum kruckebergii is a species of fern known by the common names Kruckeberg's sword fern and Kruckeberg's holly fern. It is native to western North America from Alaska to Utah to California where it grows in rocky mountain habitat in subalpine and alpine climates. This fern produces several narrow erect leaves 10 to 25 centimeters long. Each leaf is made up of many oval to triangular leaflets each no more than about 1.5 centimeters long.
 Physaria tenella is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Moapa bladderpod and slender bladderpod. It is native to western North America from Utah to Sonora where it grows mainly in desert habitat. This is an annual herb producing several hairy multibranched erect to spreading stems sometimes exceeding half a meter long. The basal leaves are up to 6.5 centimeters long and sometimes toothed and there are smaller leaves higher on the stem.
 Bulbophyllum volkensii is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Tillandsia boliviana is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Bolivia.
 Xanthostemon is a genus of trees and shrubs constituting part of the myrtle plant family Myrtaceae.About forty-five species are known to science widely distributed in New Caledonia Australia the Solomon Islands in Malesia including the Philippines New Guinea and Indonesia.
 Carpobrotus quadrifidus (commonly known as West-coast Sourfig Weskus suurvy) is a succulent perennial of the family Aizoaceae native to the west coast of South Africa. It has also been classed as Carpobrotus sauerae.The flowers of this Carpobrotus (Sour-fig) species range in colour from bright pink to white and are the largest flowers produced by any species in its Mesembryanthemaceae family. The flowers appear in spring.Its leaves are grey in colour.
 Mercurialis /mərˌkjʊəriˈælɨs/ is a genus of plants in the family Euphorbiaceae the spurges known commonly as the mercuries. These are slender herbs (forbs) rhizomatious perennials and woody perennials.
 Nothofagus solandri var. solandri commonly called Black beech (Māori: tawhai rauriki) is a variety of the tree species Nothofagus solandri endemic to New Zealand. Black beech occurs on both the North and the South Island at low altitudes up to the mountains. The other variety of N. solandri is called Mountain beech or Nothofagus solandri var. cliffortioides and grows at higher altitudes than black beech.Black Beech (var. solandri) is a medium-sized evergreen tree growing to 27 m tall.
 Nepenthes × sarawakiensis (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz səˌrɑːwɑːkiˈɛnsɨs/ after Sarawak Borneo) is a natural hybrid involving N. muluensis and N. tentaculata. It is quite a rare plant as one of its parent species N. muluensis is only known from several isolated mountains.
 Sphaerophysa salsula is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names alkali swainsonpea Austrian peaweed and red bladder-vetch. It is native to Asia but it is known in many other parts of the world as an introduced species and often a noxious weed. It grows in cultivated land and disturbed habitat easily tolerating alkaline substrates.
 Pueraria is a genus of 15–20 species of plants native to Asia. Pueraria flower is used in traditional Chinese medicine to reduce reactions to alcohol consumption and is undergoing scientific study for that use.The genus is polyphyletic with different species being related to species in Glycine (which includes soybean) Amphicarpaea Nogra Teyleria Neonotonia Pseudovigna Pseudeminia Pachyrhizus (which includes jicama) and other genera of the tribe Phaseoleae.
 Grevillea rivularis (Carrington Falls Grevillea) is a shrub species which is endemic to New South Wales Australia.It has a dense spreading habit growing to 2.5 metres high The leaves are bipinnatipartite with 3 to 9 primary lobes. Flowers appear between September and April (early spring to mid autumn) in its native range.
 Terminalia macroptera is a species of flowering plant in the Combretaceae known by the Hausa common name kwandari. It is native to Africa where it can be found in Benin Burkina Faso Ghana Senegal Sudan Uganda and Nigeria.This species is used medicinally in several African countries. It is used to treat infectious diseases tuberculosis hepatitis and dysentery.
 Heimia is a genus of flowering plants in the loosestrife family Lythraceae. It contains two or three species of closely related shrubs commonly known as sun opener or shrubby yellowcrest. They are native to the Americas from northern Argentina north to the southernmost United States (southern Texas). The leaves are 2–5 cm long and 1 cm broad entire and variably arranged alternate opposite or whorled on the stems.
 Peristrophe is a genus of between 15–40 species of flowering plants in the family Acanthaceae native to warm temperate to tropical regions of Africa and Asia. The species are shrubs or herbaceous plants with two-lipped flowers.
 Mimulus mohavensis is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Mojave monkeyflower.
 Tillandsia rubella is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Bolivia and Ecuador.
 Millettia peguensis the Moulmein rosewood (Bengali: তূমা Tuma) is a legume tree species in the genus Millettia. It is native to Lower Burma and Siam. This is a relatively rare tree as compared to Pongam (Millettia pinnata) that is very similar looking but more common in India. Pongam has white flowers while the Milletia flowers are bright pink. Pongam has more elongated tip to leaves while those of M. peguensis are more oval. The plant is a food source for the Jamides bochus caterpillar.
 Calophyllum persimile is a species of flowering plant in the Calophyllaceae family.It is found in West Papua (Indonesia) and Papua New Guinea.
 Chione is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. They are native to the neotropics occurring in most of Mexico and throughout Central America the Caribbean Colombia Ecuador and Peru. Typically they are trees 10 to 20 meters tall. In harsh habitats they may be dwarfed and shrubby. They have no known economic use.Some authors have assigned as many as 15 species to Chione but usually only one species is recognized Chione venosa.
 Cordaitales are an extinct order of woody plants that may have been early conifers or which may have given rise to the conifers (Pinophyta) ginkgos (Ginkgophyta) and cycads (Cycadophyta). They had cone-like reproductive structures reminiscent of those of modern conifers. The Cordaitales appeared during the Carboniferous Period forming large trees that seem to have been particularly abundant on drier ground in tropical environments.
 Antirhea tomentosa is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Juniperus monosperma (One-seed Juniper) is a species of juniper native to western North America in the United States in Arizona New Mexico southern Colorado western Oklahoma (Panhandle) and western Texas and in Mexico in the extreme north of Chihuahua. It grows at 970–2300 m altitude.It is an evergreen coniferous shrub or small tree growing to 2–7 m (rarely to 12 m) tall usually multistemmed and with a dense rounded crown.
 Conradina glabra is a rare species of shrub known by the common name Apalachicola rosemary. It is endemic to Liberty County Florida where it is known from about ten populations. It is found only in a small area and it is threatened by habitat destruction. It is a federally listed endangered species.
 Pongamiopsis is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family native to Madagascar.
 Schiedea helleri is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Heller's schiedea and Kaholuamanu schiedea. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known only from the island of Kauai. It is threatened by the degradation of its habitat. It was federally listed as an endangered species of the United States in 1996.This plant is a vine growing at least 15 centimeters long.
 Durio wyatt-smithii is a species of flowering plant in the Bombacaceae family.It is found only in Malaysia.
 Clibadium zakii is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gymnocoronis is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Piptochaetium is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family. It is a bunchgrass genus in the Stipeae tribe. Most species occur in South America.Some of its species were formerly in the genus Stipa.
 Cox's Orange Pippin is an apple cultivar first grown in 1830 at Colnbrook in Buckinghamshire England by the retired brewer and horticulturist Richard Cox. Though the parentage of the cultivar is unknown Ribston Pippin seems a likely candidate. The variety was introduced for sale by the 1850s by Mr. Charles Turner and grown commercially from the 1860s particularly in the Vale of Evesham in Worcestershire and later in Kent.
 Amyema miquelii also known as Box Mistletoe is a species of flowering plant an epiphytic hemiparasitic plant of the family Loranthaceae found attached to several species of Australian eucalypt and occasionally on some species of Acacia. It is the most widespread of the Australian Mistletoes occurring mainly to the west of the Great Dividing Range. It has shiny leaves and red flowers arranged in groups of 3.
 Lithops is a genus of succulent plants in the ice plant family Aizoaceae. Members of the genus are native to southern Africa. The name is derived from the Ancient Greek words λίθος (lithos) meaning stone and ὄψ (ops) meaning face referring to the stone-like appearance of the plants. They avoid being eaten by blending in with surrounding rocks and are often known as pebble plants or living stones.
 Erythrophysa transvaalensis (Bushveld red balloon Afrikaans: Bosveld-rooiklapperbos Tswana: Mofalatsane) is a protected tree in South Africa. is a species of plant in the Sapindaceae family. It is found in Botswana South Africa and Zimbabwe.
 Rhododendron luteum Yellow Azalea or Honeysuckle Azalea is a species of Rhododendron native to southeastern Europe and southwest Asia. In Europe it occurs from southern Poland and Austria south through the Balkans and east to southern Russia and in Asia east to the Caucasus.It is a shrub growing to 3 m tall rarely 4 m. The leaves are deciduous 5-10 cm long and 2-4 cm broad. The flowers are 3-4 cm diameter bright yellow and strongly perfumed produced in trusses of 5-25 together.
 Biermannia is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Hibiscus macropodus is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family.It is found only in Yemen.
 Camptolepis is a genus of plant in family Sapindaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Camptolepis ramiflora (Taub.) Radjk.
 Canarium grandifolium is a tree in the family Burseraceae. The specific epithet grandifolium is from the Latin meaning large leaf.
 Salsola stocksii is a shrub species of the family Amaranthaceae.
 Kotschya platyphylla is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in Tanzania.
 The 'Haden' mango (or 'Hayden') is a named mango cultivar that became one of the most widely cultivated in the world after it was introduced in the early 20th century through south Florida. It would ultimately become the parent of many other mango cultivars later developed in Florida.
 Dypsis mananjarensis is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is found only in Madagascar.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pyrola chlorantha (syn Pyrola virens) or Green-Flowered Wintergreen is a species of the plant genus Pyrola. It has a Circumboreal distribution and is found throughout the northern latitudes of Eurasia and North America. Pyrola chlorantha is found in the Northeastern United States and the Western United States such as the Sierra Nevada in California. It is considered an endangered species in several of the U.S. states.
 Neoregelia johannis is a species of the genus Neoregelia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Forsythieae is a tribe of flowering plants in the olive family Oleaceae.
 Chinese cabbage (Brassica rapa subspecies pekinensis and chinensis) can refer to two distinct varieties of Chinese leaf vegetables often used in Chinese cuisine: Pekinensis (napa cabbage) and Chinensis (bok choi).These vegetables are both variant cultivars or subspecies of the turnip and belong to the same genus as such Western staples as cabbage broccoli and cauliflower. Both have many variations in name spelling and scientific classification—especially the bok choy (B.
 Argentina anserina also known as common silverweed silverweed cinquefoil or just silverweed is a flowering perennial plant in the rose family Rosaceae. It is native throughout the temperate Northern Hemisphere often on river shores and in grassy habitats such as meadows and road-sides. The plant was formerly classified in the genus Potentilla but was reclassified into the resurrected genus Argentina by research in the 1990s.
 Porrorhachis is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Pinus ponderosa commonly known as the ponderosa pine bull pine blackjack pine or western yellow pine is a very large pine tree of variable habit native to western United States and Canada. It grows in various erect forms from British Columbia southward and eastward through 16 western states. It has been successfully introduced in temperate regions of Europe. It was first seen and collected in 1826 in eastern Washington near present-day Spokane.
 Alocasia fornicata is a plant species of many-nerved broad-leaved rhizomatous or tuberous perennials from the family Araceae found in Asia. It characteristically grows 2' - 3 ' in height with slightly pink petiole triangular wide shaped leaves and a horizontally growing stolon.The plant's spadix is collected and cooked in North East India Mizoram and Tripura where the plant is known locally as Baibing. Alocasia affinis is also consumed.
 Arophyteae is a tribe in the Araceae family. It contains three genera Colletogyne Carlephyton and Arophyton. All species in Arophyteae are endemic to Madagascar.
 Pittosporum turneri commonly called Turner's kohuhu is a species of plant in the Pittosporaceae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.
 Halenia minima is a species of plant in the Gentianaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Zanthoxylum kauaense commonly known as Aʻe or Kauaʻi Prickly-ash is a species of flowering plant in the citrus family Rutaceae that is endemic to Hawaii. It usually inhabits mixed mesic forests at elevations of 300–1980 m (980–6500 ft) but can also be found in dry and wet forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 For the furniture piece see Madia (furniture)For a people of Gadchiroli district of Maharashtra India see Madia Gond.Madia is a genus of annual or perennial usually aromatic herbs which have yellow flowers in the family Asteraceae (sunflower family). They are sometimes known as tarweeds. The 11 species in this genus are native to western North America and southwestern South America.
 Scaevola crassifolia is a shrub in the family Goodeniaceae native to Western Australia and South Australia. Common names include Cushion Fanflower Thick-leaved Fanflower and Thick-leaved Scaevola. It grows up to 1.5 metres wide and 3 metres wide and produces white blue or pale purple flowers from July to February in its native range.The similarity to Scaevola nitida is very close - the difference being S. nitida is a larger shrub with thinner leaves.
 Draba ramulosa is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Mt. Belknap draba and Tushar Mountain draba. It is endemic to Utah where it is known only from Mt. Belknap in the Tushar Mountains in Beaver and Piute Counties.This small plant has creeping hairy branches forming a mat of grayish herbage. The gray-green leaves are up to a centimeter long. The inflorescence is a raceme of up to 15 flowers.
 Ochagavia elegans is a species of the genus Ochagavia. This species is endemic to Chile.
 Conradina brevifolia is a rare species of shrub in the mint family known by the common name short-leaved false rosemary. It is endemic to Central Florida where it is known only from the Lake Wales Ridge. There are perhaps 36 occurrences of the plant remaining and 10 of these are likely to be destroyed as their habitat is fragmented in the coming years.
 Monodora unwinii is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Nigeria. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cladium mariscus is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common name saw-sedge or sawtooth sedge. Previously it was known as elk sedge. It is native of temperate Europe and Asia where it grows in base-rich boggy areas and lakesides. It can be up to 2.5 metres (8 ft 2 in) tall and has leaves with hard serrated edges.
 Euphorbia garberi (syn. Chamaesyce garberi) is a rare species of flowering plant in the euphorb family known by the common name Garber's spurge. It is endemic to Florida where there are 17 known occurrences fourteen of which are located on fourteen separate islands of the Florida Keys. The populations vary in size with four containing fewer than 20 plants each and one containing over one million.
 Euphorbia banae is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Euphorbia helioscopia (Sun Spurge) is a species of spurge native to most of Europe northern Africa and eastward through most of Asia.Other old folk names include wart spurge umbrella milkweed and madwoman's milk.
 Vascular plants (from Latin vasculum: duct) also known as tracheophytes (from the equivalent Greek term trachea) and also higher plants form a large group of plants that are defined as those land plants that have lignified tissues (the xylem) for conducting water and minerals throughout the plant. They also have a specialized non-lignified tissue (the phloem) to conduct products of photosynthesis.
 Logania is a genus of plants belonging to the family Loganiaceae.
 Banksia meisneri subsp. ascendens commonly known as Scott River Banksia is a subspecies of Banksia meisneri. It is native to the Southwest Botanical Province of Western Australia.
 Chorizanthe breweri is a rare species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common names San Luis Obispo spineflower and Brewer's spineflower. It is endemic to California where it is known from about twenty occurrences in the Central Coast Ranges of San Luis Obispo and far southern Monterey Counties. It grows in the chaparral and woodlands of the range generally on serpentine soils.
 Pitcairnia foliacea is a species of the genus Pitcairnia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Anemopaegma glaucum is a plant native to Caatinga and Cerrado vegetation in Brazil. This plant is cited in Flora Brasiliensis by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius.
 Buddleja crispa sometimes called the Himalayan Butterfly Bush is native to Afghanistan Bhutan North India Nepal Pakistan and China (Gansu Sichuan Xizang) where it grows on dry river beds slopes with boulders exposed cliffs and in thickets at elevations of 1400–4300 m.Named by Bentham in 1835 B.
 Iris pseudacorus (yellow flag yellow iris water flag) is a species in the genus Iris of the family Iridaceae. It is native to Europe western Asia and northwest Africa. Its specific epithet meaning false acorus refers to the similarity of its leaves to those of Acorus calamus as they have a prominently veined mid-rib and sword-like shape.
 Elephantorrhiza is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family. It has the following species: Elephantorrhiza burkei Benth. Elephantorrhiza elephantina (Burch.) Skeels 	 Elephantorrhiza goetzei (Harms) Harms Elephantorrhiza obliqua Burtt Davy Elephantorrhiza praetermissa J.H.Ross Elephantorrhiza rangei Harms Elephantorrhiza schinziana Dinter Elephantorrhiza suffruticosa Schinz Elephantorrhiza woodii E.Phillips
 Eriogonum tripodum is a rare species of wild buckwheat known by the common name tripod buckwheat. It is endemic to California where it is known from the Sierra Nevada foothills and northern sections of the Coast Ranges.
 Matricaria is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family (Asteraceae). Some of the species have the common name of mayweed but this name also refers to plants not in this genus. Most are very common in the temperate regions of Europe Asia and America as well as in northern and southern Africa and some are naturalised in Australia. M.
 Cenchrus longispinus is a species of grass also known as Spiny Burr Grass or Gentle Annie. Its burrs produce sharp barbed spines that can penetrate the hides and mouth of grazing animals.It is native to North America. It is a noxious weed in Europe Australia and New Zealand where it was introduced.
 Gasteranthus timidus is a species of plant in the Gesneriaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Celastrales is an order of flowering plants. They are found throughout the tropics and subtropics with only a few species extending far into the temperate regions. There are about 1200 to 1350 species in about 100 genera. All but 7 of these genera are in the large family Celastraceae. Until recently the composition of the order and its division into families varied greatly from one author to another.
 Portieria is a red algae genus in the family Rhizophyllidaceae.
 Musa is one of two or three genera in the family Musaceae; it includes bananas and plantains. Around 70 species of Musa are known with a broad variety of uses.Though they grow as high as trees banana and plantain plants are not woody and their apparent stem is made up of the bases of the huge leaf stalks.
 The Golden Orchid (Cephalanthera falcata) is a species of orchid.
 Urera baccifera is a species of flowering plant in the nettle family known by many common names including ortiga brava pringamoza mala mujer chichicaste nigua guaritoto ishanga manman guêpes and urtiga bronca. It is native to the Americas from Mexico through Central America into South America as well as the Caribbean.This species is a shrub or a small tree. It can reach five meters in height. The thin toothed leaves are up to 25 centimeters long by 12.5 wide.
 Shorea bentongensis (also called White Meranti) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Geodorum densiflorum also known as Nodding Swamp Orchid is a medium to small hot growing terrestrial orchid found from India to SE Asia to Australia in moist grasslands sandy areas behind beaches and rainforests as well as in semi-deciduous and deciduous dry lowland forests at elevations up to 1000 m with underground spherical pseudobulbs. It is in endangered status in Australia due to urbanization.
 Packera antennariifolia is a species of the genus Packera and family Asteraceae.
 Calochortus striatus is a species of mariposa lily known by the common name alkali mariposa lily. It is native to California and Nevada where it grows in the Mojave Desert. This plant erects a stem usually only a few centimeters tall but sometimes quite a bit taller and a long basal leaf which may lie flat on the ground. At least halfway up the stem it may branch and atop each branch is a bell-shaped lily bloom.
 Bulbophyllum ballii is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Hakea drupacea commonly known as Sweet Hakea is a tree or shrub which is native to south west Western Australia.
 Cattleya schilleriana is a species of bifoliate Cattleya orchid.Natural hybrids : Cattleya × undulata ( = C. elongata × C. schilleriana) (Brazil).
 Lasiodiscus is a small plant genus in the family Rhamnaceae endemic to Africa and its adjacent islands. The small trees have opposite often asymmetric leaves. They regularly occur in the understorey of tropical forests or alternatively in swamp forest. One species is limited to mountain forest understorey. Lasiodiscus is morphologically similar to Colubrina but preliminary molecular analysis failed to group them as nearest relatives.There are 9 species: Lasiodiscus chevalieri Hutch.
 Agathis ovata is a species of conifer genus Agathis in the Araucariaceae family.It is found only on the southwest Pacific island of New Caledonia.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Nepenthes mindanaoensis (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˌmɪndənaʊˈɛnsɪs/; from Mindanao) is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to coastal lateritic hills on Mindanao in the Philippines.Nepenthes mindanaoensis belongs to the informal N. alata group which also includes N. alata N. ceciliae N. copelandii N. extincta N. graciliflora N. hamiguitanensis N. kitanglad N. kurata N. leyte N. negros N. ramos N. saranganiensis and N. ultra.
 Orthophytum leprosum is a species of the genus Orthophytum. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Mauritia is a genus of fan palms which is native to northern South America and to the Island of Trinidad in the Caribbean. There are only two currently accepted species. Mauritia flexuosa is widely distributed across northern South America as far south as Bolivia extending north to Trinidad while M. carana is restricted to the Amazon regions of Brazil Venezuela Peru and Colombia.
 Samolus ebracteatus the Limewater brookweed is a plant species known to Mexico Central America the West Indies and to the United Stares (Florida Nevada Texas Louisiana Oklahoma Kansas and New Mexico). It is found in wetlands including seashore salt marshes and near springs and intermittent rivers in desert areas.Samolus ebracteatus is a perennial herb up to 60 cm (24 inches) tall.
 Erigeron sanctarum is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names saints fleabane and saints daisy. It is endemic to California where it is known from San Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara Counties and two of the Channel Islands. It grows in coastal and inland chaparral and oak woodland and sandy coastal scrub habitat.
 Nasa amaluzensis is a species of plant in the Loasaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Peperomia udimontana is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Tilia chingiana Hu & W.C.Cheng is a medium-sized tree native to the provinces of Anhui Jiangsu Jiangxi and Zhejiang in China.
 Luzula hitchcockii is a species of flowering plant in the rush family known by the common names smooth woodrush and Hitchcock's wood rush. It is native to western North America from British Columbia and Alberta to Oregon to Wyoming. It is sometimes treated as a variety of Luzula glabrata.This rhizomatous perennial rush produces rounded hollow stems up to 50 centimeters tall. The shiny red-tipped leaves are a few centimeters long.
 Hydrocotyle ranunculoides known commonly as water pennywort or floating pennywort is an aquatic plant in the family Apiaceae. It is native to North and South America and parts of Africa. In the United Kingdom it is an invasive alien species which is currently spreading in waterways. It is one of five aquatic plants which are to be banned from sale in the UK from April 2014. This is the first ban of its kind in the country. It is also a weed in Australia.
 Pitcairnia multiramosa is a species of the genus Pitcairnia. This species is endemic to Bolivia.
 Atragalus zionis is a species of legume known by the common name Zion milkvetch. It is one of the earliest flowers to bloom in Zion canyon.Its range extends from Zion National Park across southern Utah through Glen Canyon to San Juan County Utah; at altitudes of 970 to 2200 meters.Flowers are purple and the foliage is silvery. Pods are rather hairy somewhat inflated usually mottled and become nearly one inch long.
 Neobuxbaumia macrocephala (F.A.C. Weber ex K. Schum.) E.Y. Dawson is a long-lived columnar cactus
 Arisaema thunbergii subsp. urashima is a herbaceous perennial plant. It is widespread through the woodlands of Japan especially near the coast. The plant has a very curious inflorescence and is popular in horticulture. As with all arisaemas the inflorescence consists of a spathe tube enclosing a spadix appendix. In the case of A. thunbergi subsp. urashima the spadix appendix is elongated into a free hanging thread of 45 to 60 cm.
 Prasophyllum is a genus in the orchid family (Orchidaceae). Species of this genus are commonly called Leek Orchids. There is no designated type species. Prasophyllum australe R.Br.
 Quararibea gomeziana is a species of flowering plant in the Bombacaceae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Rudbeckia fulgida (orange coneflower) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae native to eastern North America.
 Tillandsioideae is a subfamily of plants in the bromeliad family Bromeliaceae. This group contains the fewest genera (9) but the greatest number of species (1277). Most are epiphytic or lithophytic growing in trees or on rocks where they absorb water and nutrients from the air. Spanish moss of the Tillandsia genus is a well-known variety. Bromeliads in the genera Guzmania and Vriesia are the more commonly cultivated members of this subfamily.
 Platycarpheae is a tribe of the Asteraceae that is native to Namibia and South Africa. The tribe contains two genera and a total of three species.
 Buddleja 'Asian Moon' is a sterile hybrid cultivar developed in response to the popularity horticulture merit yet high weediness of the 'Butterfly Bush' B. davidii Franch.. The highly invasive nature of this species has led to its proscription in parts of the USA prompting a number of studies into sterile hybrids.'Asian Moon' was raised in 2001 by researchers at the University of Arkansas by crossing the tetraploid davidii cultivar 'Moonshadow' (female parent) with the diploid B.
 Pitcairnia brachysperma is a species of the genus Pitcairnia. This species is native to Ecuador.
 The Cabbage-tree Palm (Livistona australis) is in the Arecaceae family. It is a tall slender palm growing up to about 25 m in height and 0.35 m diameter. It is crowned with dark glossy green leaves on petioles 2 m long. It has leaves plaited like a fan; the cabbage of these is small but sweet. In summer it bears flower spikes with sprigs of cream-white flowers. In winter the trees accumulate dead fronds or leaves which usually need to be removed by a arborist.
 Xylocalyx is a genus of plant in family Orobanchaceae.
 Ruellia vindex (syn. Dipteracanthus vindex Nees Ruellia geminiflora var. angustifolia) is an plant native of Cerrado vegetation of Brazil Guyana and Venezuela. This plant is cited in Flora Brasiliensis by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius.
 Palaquium canaliculatum is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Ixora calycina is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to southern India and Sri Lanka.
 Cissus tuberosa is a species of the Cissus genus in the Vitaceae (or commonly known as grape) family. It is also incorrectly known as Vitis tuberosa.
 Senecio adenotrichius is a species of the genus Senecio. It is native to Chile and common on disturbed land there.It is an invasive plant species in the United States.
 Pelargonium grossularioides is a species of geranium known by the common names gooseberry geranium and coconut geranium. It is native to southern Africa and it is known in coastal California and parts of India as an introduced species. It is sometimes grown as a garden geranium. This is a glandular aromatic perennial herb with an erect angular reddish stem 20 to 50 centimeters tall. The green to reddish leaves are a few centimeters long and slightly lobed with toothed edges.
 Campsis (trumpet creeper trumpet vine) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Bignoniaceae native to woodland in China and North America. It consists of two species both of which are vigorous deciduous perennial climbers clinging by aerial roots and producing large trumpet-shaped flowers in late summer. They are hardy but require the shelter of a warm wall in full sun.
 Plantago is a genus of about 200 species of small inconspicuous plants commonly called plantains or fleaworts. They share this name with the very dissimilar plantain a kind of banana. Most are herbaceous plants though a few are subshrubs growing to 60 cm (23.5 in) tall. The leaves are sessile but have a narrow part near the stem which is a pseudo-petiole. They have three or five parallel veins that diverge in the wider part of the leaf. Leaves are broad or narrow depending on the species.
 Vriesea incurvata is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Erigeron reductus is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name lesser California rayless fleabane. It is endemic to California where it grows in rocky habitat in several mountain ranges in the northern part of the state. It is a perennial herb producing several spreading to erect stems up to 20 or 30 centimeters long from a woody caudex and root system.
 Hechtia iltisii is a species of the genus Hechtia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Coryciinae is an orchid subtribe in the tribe Diseae.
 Delphinium polycladon is a species of larkspur known by the common name mountain marsh larkspur. It is native to the High Sierra Nevada and the White and Inyo Mountains of eastern California and far western Nevada where it grows in wet sites in the talus. It is a perennial herb producing one or more erect stems which easily exceed a meter in height but often remain dwarfed in high-elevation exposed habitat with thin soils. The leaves are small and mostly located near the base of the plant.
 Carex echinata is a species of sedge known by the common names star sedge and little prickly sedge.
 Muehlenbeckia astonii (Shrubby tororaro Wiggy-wig bush) is an endemic New Zealand shrub a distinctive ornamental plant in the Polygonaceae family.
 Stemmadenia tomentosa is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family. It is endemic to Mexico.
 Zanha golungensis is a species of fruit plants from Sapindaceae family that can be found in Cameroon and Zimbabwe. The species reaches 18 metres (59 ft) in height and has leaflets that come in 3–7 pairs. While young the leaves are pubescent and by maternity they might become elliptically oblong. The plant's apex is often acuminated and obtuse the base of which is cuneate.
 Aechmea fosteriana (Lacquered Wine Cup) is a bromeliad native from Brazil which is typical in costal areas of Espírito Santo. This plant is often used as an ornamental plant.The following subspecies are recognized :Aechmea fosteriana subsp. fosteriana L.B.Sm. 1941Aechmea fosteriana subsp. rupicola Leme 1987
 Nautilocalyx vinosus is a species of plant in the Gesneriaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Gymnadenia crassinervis is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family. It is endemic to China.
 Ledermanniella letouzeyi is a species of plant in the Podostemaceae family. It is endemic to Cameroon. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Trichostema rubisepalum is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Hernandez bluecurls. It is endemic to California where it has a disjunct distribution occurring in three main locations. It is known from the North Coast Ranges of Napa County the Central Coast Ranges of San Benito County south of the San Francisco Bay Area and a section of the Sierra Nevada foothills.
 Lupinus sericeus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name silky lupine or Pursh's silky lupine. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to Arizona and east to Alberta and Colorado.This perennial herb produces erect stems from a woody caudex and deep root system. The stems reach up to 50 centimetres (20 inches) tall and may branch or not. They are coated in silvery or reddish hairs.
 Hyssopus officinalis hyssop is a herbaceous plant of the genus Hyssopus native to Southern Europe the Middle East and the region surrounding the Caspian Sea. Due to its properties as an antiseptic cough reliever and expectorant it is commonly used as an aromatic herb and medicinal plant.
 Phymatoceros is the only genus in the hornwort family Phymatocerotaceae and order Phymatocerotales. It includes only two species.
 Palicourea holmgrenii is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Crepis monticola is a species of wildflower in the daisy family known by the common name mountain hawksbeard. This asterlike flower is native to Oregon and northern California where it grows in woodlands and dry forests. It is a taprooted perennial which rarely exceeds 30 centimeters in height. The dense foliage is made up of highly lobed and toothed leaves forming a wrinkled bristly clump. It is often covered in sticky exudate.
 Quercus douglasii known as blue oak is a species of oak endemic to California common in the Coast Ranges and foothills of the Sierra Nevada. It is occasionally known as mountain oak and iron oak.
 Dichroa febrifuga (Chinese: 常山; pinyin: About this sound chángshān ) is a flowering plant in the family Hydrangeaceae. In Indonesiann it is called gigil alternatively tataruman in Sundanese ramram in Papua Hom dong (ฮอมดง) in Thai but Yai khlang yai (ยายคลังใหญ่) in Nakhon Sri Thammarat Yai Krang (ยายกรัง) in the South and Hom Kham (ฮอมคำ) in Lanna (Northern Thai).
 Murdannia dimorphoides is a plant species endemic to Sri Lanka known from only one location inside Wilpattu National Park.Murdannia dimorphoides is an annual trailing herb sometimes rooting at the nodes. Leaves are narrow up to 12 cm long. Some flowers are hermaphroditic others staminate only either way lilac to lavender up to 15 mm across.
 Isoberlinia is a genus in the family Fabaceae (legume family) of five species of tree native to the hotter parts of tropical Africa. They are an important component of miombo woodlands. The leaves have three or four pairs of large leaflets and stout seed pods.Local Malawi names include Sukwa mutondo for Isoberlinia angolensis and Tumbuka mbwerebwere for Isoberlinia stolzii.Some species in this genus have been transferred to the genus Julbernardia.
 Xylia xylocarpa is a species of tree in the Mimosoideae subfamily of the Fabaceae family. This tree is found in South and Southeast Asia.
 Ornithostaphylos is a monotypic plant genus which contains the single species Ornithostaphylos oppositifolia the Baja birdbush or Baja California birdbush. This is a shrub native to the chaparral plant community of the coastline of southern California and northern Baja California. This bush has long narrow leathery evergreen leaves with edges rolled under. The bark on the branches is thin and the younger branches and twigs are reddish in color.
 Crassula multicava is a perennial succulent plant from the family Crassulaceae. It is also known under various common names including the fairy crassula pitted crassula and London pride. The fairy crassula is a native of South Africa particularly the mountainous regions of Natal.
 Kopsia sleesiana is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Alicante Bouschet or Alicante Henri Bouschet is a wine grape variety that has been widely cultivated since 1866. It is a cross of Petit Bouschet (itself a cross of the very old variety Teinturier du Cher and Aramon) and Grenache. Alicante is a teinturier a grape with red flesh. It is one of the few teinturier grapes that belong to the Vitis vinifera species. Its deep color makes it useful for blending with light red wine.
 Oncidium ciliatum is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil.
 Lindsaea microphylla known as the Lacy Wedge Fern is a small plant found in eastern Australia. A delicate and attractive fern found growing along the edges of rainforest as well as damp places in woodland and open eucalyptus forest.
 Potentilla neumanniana the spring cinquefoil or spotted cinquefoil is a flowering plant of the cinquefoil genus (Potentilla) in the rose family (Rosaceae). It was first scientifically described by H.G.L. Reichenbach in 1832. P.F.A. Ascherson later called it P. tabernaemontani a name which is now invalid. The name P. verna was misapplied to this species; as originally described by Linnaeus it actually refers to the alpine cinquefoil (P.
 Triumfetta rhomboidea commonly known as chinese bur is a shrub that is extensively naturalised in tropical regions.The taxon was first formally described in 1760 by botanist Nikolaus von Jacquin.
 Cabomba furcata is a species of aquatic plant in the water shield family known by the common names red cabomba and forked fanwort. It is native to South America and as far north as Cuba and the tip of Florida. It reaches a maximum height between 30 and 80 centimeters and is up to 8 centimeters wide. It bears purple flowers.This is used as an aquarium plant. It can be difficult to grow because it requires more light than most aquariums can provide.
 Agave univittata the Thorn-crested Century Plant is a plant species native coastal areas southern Texas and northeastern Mexico at elevations less than 100 m (300 feet). It is often mistakenly called Agave lophantha but the name A. univittata is older and therefore more in accord with nomenclatural rules of botany.Agave univittata has thick fleshy leaves that are stiff and undulate (wavy) along the margins. It has sharp and prominent spines on the edges and tips of the leaves.
 Maprounea is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae.
 Acacia penninervis commonly known as hickory wattle mountain hickory or blackwood is a perennial shrub or tree 2–8m high which is native to Australia.Its uses include environmental management. The tannin content of the bark is approximately 18%.It occurs in the Australian states of Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland and Victoria and as an introduced species on New Zealand's North Island and South Island. The variety A. p. var.
 Salvia officinalis (sage also called garden sage or common sage) is a perennial evergreen subshrub with woody stems grayish leaves and blue to purplish flowers. It is a member of the family Lamiaceae and is native to the Mediterranean region though it has naturalized in many places throughout the world. It has a long history of medicinal and culinary use and in modern times as an ornamental garden plant. The common name sage is also used for a number of related and unrelated species.
 Trichostema laxum is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name turpentine weed. It is native to northern California and Oregon where it grows in coastal and inland mountains and foothills sometimes on serpentine soils. It is an annual herb approaching half a meter in maximum height its aromatic herbage coated in glandular and nonglandular hairs. The elongated or lance-shaped leaves are up to 7 centimeters long.
 Heliotropium indicum commonly known as Indian heliotrope is an annual hirsute plant that is a common weed in waste places and settled areas. It is native to Asia.
 In taxonomy Mantoniella is a genus of algae specifically of the Mamiellaceae.
 Manilkara bidentata is a species of Manilkara native to a large area of northern South America Central America and the Caribbean. Common names include balatá ausubo massaranduba and (ambiguously) cow-tree.Balatá is a large tree growing to 30–45 m tall. The leaves are alternate elliptical entire and 10–20 cm long. The flowers are white and are produced at the beginning of the rainy season.
 Pyracantha angustifolia is a species of shrub in the rose family known by the common name narrowleaf firethorn. The flowers are white and produce small round pomes and can be orange to red in color. These fruits are astringent and bitter making them inedible for humans but they are a food source for birds. The leaves fruit and seeds contain hydrogen cyanide the source of the bitter taste. The stems and branches have sharp spines.
 Aglaia pyriformis is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family endemic to the Philippines.
 Astragalus wetherillii is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Wetherill's milkvetch. It is native to Colorado and Utah in the United States.This perennial herb grows from a taproot and a caudex which yields several stems. The stems are partly purplish or reddish in color and are finely hairy. The leaves are green without the silvery hairs of some other Astragalus. Each leaf is up to 10 centimeters long and is made up of up to 15 leaflets.
 The Field Elm Ulmus minor sensu latissimo cultivar 'Holmstruph' was selected from seedlings of 'Hoersholmiensis' at Asger M. Jensen's nursery Holmstrup Denmark and featured in the Plant Buyer's Guide ed. 6. 286 1958.
 Olivaea is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Pseudoeugenia tenuifolia is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lindmania smithiana is a species of the genus Lindmania. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Meconopsis simplicifolia is a perennial in the poppy family sometimes monocarpic with a taproot rosette of leaves with bristly hairs and blue or purple flowers on leafless stems native to altitudes of 3450–5450 metres (11300–17900 ft) in central Nepal and southeastern Tibet.
 Argyroxiphium grayanum commonly known as the greensword is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family Asteraceae and a member of the silversword alliance a group of over 50 species which are diverse in morphology and habitat but are genetically closely related.The silversword alliance provides a convincing natural case study in evolution by adaptive radiation with the greensword representing one extreme of the genus' plasticity.
 Pāpala kēpau or Kauaʻi catchbirdtree (Pisonia wagneriana) is a species of flowering tree in the Bougainvillea family Nyctaginaceae that is endemic to Kauaʻi in the Hawaiian Islands. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Monanthocitrus oblanceolata is a species of flowering plant in the citrus family Rutaceae. It is endemic to Sabah in Malaysia. It was first described in 1988.
 Smilacaceae the greenbrier family is a family of flowering plants. Up to some decades ago the genera now included in family Smilacaceae were often assigned to a more broadly defined family Liliaceae but for the past twenty to thirty years most botanists have accepted Smilacaceae as a distinct family. It is considered that the two families evolved around 55 millions years ago during the Early Paleogene possibly near the boundary between Paleocene and Eocene.
 Hunnemannia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the poppy family Papaveraceae containing the single species H. fumariifolia (tulip poppy or Mexican tulip poppy) native to the highlands of Mexico.
 Astroloma humifusum commonly known as the native cranberry or cranberry heath is a small prostrate shrub or groundcover in the heath family Ericaceae. The species is endemic to south-eastern Australia.
 Aerangidinae is classified as a subtribe within the tribe Vandeae in family Orchidaceae. However it is likely to soon become a synonym of Angraecinae with the genera below re-allocated to this sub-tribe. As traditionally circumscribed it consists of 36 genera and about 300 species. The type genus of this subtribe is Aerangis. Members of this group are epiphytic orchids having a monopodial habit and are endemic to tropical Africa and Madagascar.
 Castilleja occidentalis is a member of the genus Castilleja (paintbrush) commonly referred to as western Indian paintbrush. Like other members it is a hemi-parasite.
 Pinus tabuliformis (油松 yóusōng in Mandarin) or Chinese red pine is a pine native to northern China from Liaoning west to Inner Mongolia and Gansu and south to Shandong Henan and Shaanxi and also northern Korea. In some older texts the name is spelled Pinus tabulaeformis.
 Fagus lucida is a species of tree in the Fagaceae family. It is a tree up to 25 metres (82 ft) tall native to southern and eastern China. Seeds and young leaves are edible.
 Stylidium rupestre is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Stylidium (family Stylidiaceae) a species sometimes named as the Rock Triggerplant. It is found in Southwest Australia. The species was first described by Otto Wilhelm Sonder.
 In taxonomy Polytomella is a genus of algae specifically of the Chlamydomonadaceae.
 Pellaea bridgesii is a species of fern known by the common name Bridges' cliffbrake. It is native to an area of the western United States from northern California to Idaho where it grows in rocky granitic cliffs and slopes. Pellaea bridgesii grows from a branching brown rhizome. Each leaf is up to 30 or 35 centimeters long. It is composed of a straight brown rachis lined with widely spaced leathery blue-green leaflets which are round to oval and sometimes folded over.
 Epiprinus is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae. It comprises 6 species present from Assam to West Malesia.
 Pholiurus is a monotypic genus of grass in the Poaceae family. The sole species is Pholiurus pannonicus.
 Dilophotriche is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Virola megacarpa is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is endemic to Panama. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Inga golfodulcensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found in Costa Rica and possibly Colombia.
 Yucca capensis L.W.Lenz is a plant in the family Asparagaceae. It is endemic to a small region of the Mexican state of Baja California Sur The epithet refers to the type locale is near Cabo San Lucas in the southernmost part of the peninsula. Common name is Cape Region Yucca. The species occurs at elevations of over 1000 m in the mountains of that region. It appears to be more closely related to the Yuccas of the Sierra Madre Occidental in Chihuahua and Sonora than it does to the Y.
 Helianthus occidentalis (Few-Leaf Sunflower) is a species of sunflower native to the United States. It differs from other similar species by its sparse leaves most of which are basal. This perennial flower reaches heights from two to five feet.
 Viguieranthus is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Mimosoideae.
 Aphelandra albinotata is a species of plant in the Acanthaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Berkheya is a genus of flowering plants in the aster family Asteraceae and the subfamily Carduoideae the thistles. It is distributed in tropical Africa especially in southern regions. Of about 75 species 71 can be found in South Africa.Most species have yellow ray florets a few have white and B. purpurea has light purple or mauve florets.B. purpurea is cultivated as an ornamental plant.
 Wasabi (わさび（山葵） originally 和佐比; Wasabia japonica or Eutrema japonica) is a member of the Brassicaceae family which includes cabbages horseradish and mustard. It is also called Japanese horseradish although horseradish is a different plant (which is often used as a substitute for wasabi). Its root is used as a condiment and has an extremely strong flavor.
 Heterozeuxine is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Marcgravia polyadenia is a species of plant in the Marcgraviaceae family. The flowering vine is endemic to Ecuador.
 Banksia littoralis commonly known as the Swamp Banksia Swamp Oak Pungura and the Western Swamp Banksia is a tree in the plant genus Banksia. It is found in south west Western Australia from the south eastern metropolitan area of Perth (31°6′S ) to the Stirling Range (approximately 34 ° S) and Albany (35 ° S). It is often mistaken for the River Banksia (Banksia seminuda) as they share many similar characteristics.
 Aganosma marginata is a liana that can grow up to 8 metres (26 ft) in length. When young it sometimes forms a shrub with arching branches. Its habitats are mountain forests and seashore thickets. A. marginata is found in Cambodia China India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Philippines Thailand and Vietnam.
 Tenrhynea is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Bactris plumeriana is a species of palm endemic to Hispaniola.According to Salzman and Judd B. plumeriana forms a clade with B. cubensis and B. jamaicana the other Greater Antillean Bactris species.
 Buddleja longifolia is a species now restricted to remnants of montane forest in Loja Ecuador and northern Peru at altitudes of 2100 – 2600 m. The species was first described and named by Kunth in 1818.
 A member of the Magnoliaceae family Magnolia nana is an evergreen shrub that produces white or cream colored flowers. It can grow to be 2–3 ft (61–91 cm) in height and 2–3 ft (61–91 cm) in width. The Dwarf Magnolia is native to South East Asia specifically Vietnam. It grows in most moderate climates but cannot withstand dryness or drought. Magnolia nana grows best in well drained partially alkaline soil with exposure to partial sunlight.
 Cojoba rufescens is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found in Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador and Panama.
 Centropogon brachysiphoniatus is a species of plant in the Campanulaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dacrycarpus cumingii is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.It is found in Indonesia Malaysia and the Philippines.
 'Peltry Jellyfish' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Tillandsia in the Bromeliad family.
 Erythroxylum acranthum is a species of plant in the Erythroxylaceae family. It is endemic to Seychelles. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sium latifolium is a species of flowering plant in th family Apiaceae known by the common names great water-parsnip greater water-parsnip and wideleaf waterparsnip. It is native to much of Europe Kazakhstan and Siberia.This plant grows in wet habitat such as swamps and lakeshores sometimes in the water. It is a perennial herb with a hollow grooved stem up to 2 meters tall. The herbage is green and hairless.
 Genista corsica is endemic to Corsica and Sardinia where it is associated with sunny open landscapes and poor stony soil. It is a common constituent of garrigue and maquis communities.
 Cariniana ianeirensis is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.It is found only in Brazil.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Nothofagus nuda is a species of plant in the Nothofagaceae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea. It is threatened by habitat loss. In 1927 Nothofagus nuda was reported by J.R. Croft to account for 949 deaths throughout Papua New Guinea. The plant is traditionally used as an herb in culinary dishes throughout the Puri Puri tribes of the Papua New Guinea highlands but results in hypoglycemic shock after ingestion of large doses.
 Ocotea rivularis is a species of evergreen tree in the Ocotea genus of plants in the Lauraceae family. It is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Maytenus crassipes is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica.
 Colchicum speciosum is a species of flowering plant in the family Colchicaceae native to mountainous areas of northern Turkey the Caucasus and northern Iran. Growing to 18 cm (7 in) tall by 10 cm (4 in) wide it is an herbaceous perennial growing from corms. C. speciosum blooms in the fall producing reddish/violet flowers on stems up to 30 centimetres (12 in) tall without any leaves present. The strap-like leaves grow in the spring then yellow wither and die back as summer progresses.
 Geissomeria dawsonii is a plant native of Cerrado vegetation of Brazil.
 Pseudopanax edgerleyi is a species of plant which is native to New Zealand. An example occurrence in Westland District Podocarp/broadleaf forests includes flora associates such as Cyathea smithii Dicksonia squarrosa and Blechnum discolor.
 Osmorhiza berteroi is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name mountain sweet cicely. It is native to much of western and northern North America as well as Argentina and Chile where it grows in wooded and forested areas. It is an aromatic perennial herb producing a branching stem which may exceed a meter tall. The plentiful green leaves have blades up to 20 centimeters long which are divided into three toothed or lobed leaflets.
 Pedicularis lanata is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family Orobanchaceae. It is native to Canada and Alaska. Its common names include woolly lousewort and bumble-bee flower.
 Craibia atlantica is a small tree of the Fabaceae family. It is endemic to coastal areas of tropical West Africa also growing inland along riverbanks and is found in Cameroon Côte d'Ivoire Nigeria and Ghana. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Terminalia nitens is a species of plant in the Combretaceae family. It is found in Japan and the Philippines. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pitcairnia poortmanii is a species of the genus Pitcairnia. This species is native to Ecuador.
 Helenium is a genus of about 40 species of annuals and deciduous herbaceous perennials in the daisy family Asteraceae native to the Americas. They bear yellow or orange daisy-like composite flowers. A number of these species (particularly Helenium autumnale) have the common name sneezeweed based on the former use of their dried leaves in making snuff inhaled to cause sneezing that would supposedly rid the body of evil spirits.
 Myriocarpa is a genus woody plant which ranges in size from shrubs to small trees and is endemic to Central and South America. Within the Urticaceae Myriocarpa is characterized by long pendulous string-like female inflorescences of apparently naked flowers and stems which release a watery latex when cut. Estimates for the diversity of the genus range from five to eighteen species.
 Bulbophyllum oreonastes is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Lobelia chinensis commonly known as the Chinese Lobelia Herba Lobellae Chinensis aze mushiro and mizo kakushi is a species of flowering plant in the family Campanulaceae. It is one of the 50 fundamental herbs used in traditional Chinese medicine where it has the name (Chinese: 半边莲; pinyin: bàn biān lián).
 Isolona zenkeri is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is found in Cameroon and Gabon. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Carex sect. Spirostachyae is a section of the genus Carex containing 38 species of sedge. Species in Carex sect.
 Polyalthia macropoda is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is found in Malaysia and Singapore.
 Hoya kerrii is a species of Hoya native to the south-east of Asia. Its eponymous collector is Arthur Francis George Kerr British physician and botanist.As the thick leaves are heart-shaped the plant is sometimes named Lucky-heart. In Europe it is sold for Saint Valentine's Day.Its origin area is South China Vietnam Laos Cambodia Thailand and the Indonesian island of Java.
 Lupinus elmeri is an uncommon species of lupine known by the common names Elmer's lupine and South Fork Mountain lupine. It is endemic to California where it is known only from a few scattered occurrences in the northernmost slopes of the North Coast Ranges. This is an erect perennial herb with a thick reddish stem and green hairy herbage. It reaches a maximum height near 90 centimetres (35 in). Each palmate leaf is made up of 6 to 10 leaflets up to 6 centimetres (2.4 in) long.
 Cleistesiopsis is an orchid genus in the tribe Pogonieae.
 The Majagua (Hampea reynae) is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family.
 Littledalea is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Jasminium dichotomum (Gold Coast Jasmine) is a species of jasmine in the family Oleaceae. It is an evergreen climber which grows as a rambling shrub or woody vine. The flowers are quite fragrant and open at night coloured pink when budding then white; these appear at the leaf axils in cluster. It blooms year round. The leaves are opposite.
 Helfensteiner is a dark-skinned German wine grape crossing of the species Vitis vinifera that was created in 1931 with the crossing of Frühburgunder (Pinot Précoce noir) and Trollinger (Schiava Grossa).
 Xylorhiza cronquistii common name Kaiparowits woody-aster is a plant species endemic to the Kaiparowits Plateau in Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument in Kane County Utah at elevations of 1900-2100 m.Xylorhiza cronquistii is a subshrub up to 30 cm tall. Leaves are narrowly lanceolate sometimes with small spines along the margins. Flowers are borne in heads containing 13-17 white ray flowers plus some yellow disc flowers.
 Alphonsea lucida is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Atriplex phyllostegia is a species of saltbush known by the common names arrowscale leafcover saltweed and Truckee orach. It is native to the western United States from California to Utah where it grows in meadow bottoms and areas with saline soils such as dry or ephemeral lakes.
 Paeonia emodi or Himalayan peony takes its name from the Latin for Himalaya emodi montes where it grows in the western part of the mountain range. It is among the tallest of the Peony species and while cold-hardy it grows better in warm temperate climates. It is a parent of the popular hybrid White Innocence which reaches 1.5 m.
 Margaritolobium is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the sub family Faboideae. The sole species is Margaritolobium luteum.
 Quassia sp. 'Moonee Creek' the Moonee Quassia is a shrub found in north eastern New South Wales Australia. A rare plant listed as endangered by extinction. However it has yet to be formally named.It grows below eucalyptus forest often in high rainfall areas. From the Coffs Harbour Dorrigo and Grafton regions mostly at lower altitudes. Known from 18 locations between Moonee Beach in the south to McCraes Knob which is some 12 km east of the Clarence River in the north.
 Pterocarya fraxinifolia is a species of tree in the Juglandaceae family. It is commonly known as the Caucasian wingnut or Caucasian walnut. It is native to the Caucasian region Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia Iran Russia the Ukraine and Turkey. It was introduced to France in 1784 and to Great Britain after 1800.
 Shorea inaequilateralis (also called Red Balau) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is found in Brunei and Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Vitis vulpina (commonly known as frost grape winter grape or fox grape) is a herbaceous perennial vine of the family Vitaceae (Grape). The genus name Vitis comes from the Latin word for vine and the species name vulpina comes from the Latin word for fox-like or belonging to a fox. It is believed that foxes were attracted to this type of grapevine and Linnaeus used the term vulpina to differentiate these smaller wild grapes from the other American known grapes.
 Epidendrum macrocarpum commonly known as Epidendrum schomburgkii is a species of orchid in the genus Epidendrum and the largest-flowering crucifix orchid species. Reichenbach thought that E. fulgens and E. schomburgkii var. confluens were both synonyms for this species.
 Cynoglossum grande is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Pacific hound's tongue. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California where it grows in shady areas in woodland and chaparral. On the forest floor of California oak woodlands typical plant associates are Calochortus luteus Delphinium variegatum and Calochortus amabilis. It is a perennial herb producing an erect stem 30 to 90 centimeters tall from a taproot.
 Rhubarb (Rheum rhabarbarum) is a species of plant in the family Polygonaceae. They are herbaceous perennials growing from short thick rhizomes. They have large leaves that are somewhat triangular with long fleshy petioles. They have small flowers grouped in large compound leafy greenish-white to rose-red inflorescences.In culinary use fresh raw petioles (leaf stalks) are crisp (similar to celery) with a strong tart taste.
 Arctostaphylos stanfordiana with the common name Stanford's manzanita is a species of manzanita that is endemic to northern California. It is known from the outer North Coast Ranges north of the San Francisco Bay Area.
 Hoodia triebneri is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family. It is endemic to Namibia. Its natural habitat is rocky areas.
 Capparis sprucei is a species of plant in the Capparaceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Aniba vulcanicola is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Deschampsia chapmanii is a species of grass.
 Salvia dorisiana Fruit-scented sage or Peach sage is a perennial shrub native to Honduras. It grows 1-1.3 m tall and is heavily branched. The leaves have a fruity scent when brushed and large magenta-pink flowers that bloom in winter. Salvia dorisiana was first described in 1950 and has become popular as a greenhouse plant. The flowers reach up to 5 cm in length with a lime-green calyx about the same length.
 The Golden samphire (Limbarda crithmoides) is a perennial coastal species which may be found growing on salt marsh or sea cliffs across Eurasia.Golden samphire has a tufted habit and the plant may grow up to 1 m tall. It has narrow fleshy leaves and large flower heads with six yellow petals which may be up to 15 cm across. The flowers are hermaphrodite (self-fertile) and may also be pollinated by bees flies and beetles.Young leaves may be eaten raw or cooked as a leaf vegetable.
 Epidendrum subsect. Umbellata Rchb.f. (1861) is a subsection of section E. sect. Planifolia Rchb.f. (1861) of subgenus E. subg. Epidendrum Lindl. (1841) of the genus Epidendrum of the Orchidaceae (orchid family). Plants of E. subsect. Umbellata differ from the other subsections of E. sect. Planifolia by producing inflorescences which are umbel-like. In 1861 Reichenbach recognized ten species in this subsection.
 Acmispon glaber (previously Lotus scoparius) (Common Deerweed Deer Weed Deervetch California Broom or Western Bird's-Foot Trefoil) is a perennial subshrub in the family Fabaceae (pea family). The plant is a pioneer species found in dry areas of California Arizona and Mexico. It is commonly found in many areas including chaparral coastal sand and roadsides at elevations below 1500 m.
 Artemisia afra is a common species of the genus Artemisia in Africa with a wide distribution from South Africa to areas reaching to the North and East as far north as Ethiopia. Artemisia afra is the only indigenous species in this genus.
 Palaeoaldrovanda splendens is a form taxon of uncertain identity.It was for a long time thought to be an extinct angiosperm allied to the carnivorous plant genus Aldrovanda. Anderson et al. (2005) wrote: synapomorphic characters that link the fossils seeds [of P.
 Epidendrum adenoglossum is an orchid known primarily from its type herbarium specimen Mathews 1073 collected in Peru near Pangoa. When Lindley published the name he placed the species in the subgenus E. subg. Spathium Lindl. (1841). In 2005 Hágsater & Soto designated this species as the lectotype of E. subg. Spathium Lindl. (1841).
 Calophyllum streimannii is a species of flowering plant in the Calophyllaceae family.It is found only in Papua New Guinea.
 Trichogyne is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.In the fungal phylum of Ascomycota trichogyne is what is formed by the fusion of the male and female hyphal strands.
 The mint hybrid Mentha × gracilis (syn. Mentha x gentilis L.; syn. Mentha cardiaca (S.F. Gray) Bak.) is known by the common names of gingermint redmint and Scotchmint. It is a mint species within the genus Mentha. Gingermint is a hybrid between Mentha arvensis and Mentha spicata.
 Reutealis is a monotypic plant genus in the family Euphorbiaceae. The single species Reutealis trisperma is also known as Philippine tung. Reutealis trisperma is endemic to the Philippines and used as a timber species although the IUCN has classified it with the conservation status 'Vulnerable'.
 Petrobium is a monotypic genus in the family Asteraceae endemic to the island of Saint Helena in the South Atlantic Ocean. The vernacular name is Whitewood.Petrobium arboreum R.Br. (Saint Helena Whitewood) is found in the tree-fern thicket at the top of the central ridge of Saint Helena. Individuals are either female or hermaphrodite i.e. the species is gynodioecious.
 Montiaceae are a family of flowering plants comprising about 14 genera with some 500 species ranging from herbaceous plants to shrubs. The family has a cosmopolitan distribution.The family Montiaceae was newly adopted in the APG III system and includes members of the Caryophyllales formerly listed in Portulacaceae.
 Vepris allenii is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family. It is endemic to Mozambique.
 Bulbophyllum tumidum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Isoetes howellii is a species of quillwort a type of lycopod. Its common name is Howell's quillwort. This is a primitive aquatic plant native to western North America which grows in wet habitat such as vernal pools. It produces pointed cylindrical bright green leaves approaching 30 centimeters in maximum length. It reproduces via spherical sporangia.
 Maianthemum trifolium (syn. Smilacina trifolia Three-leaf Solomon’s-seal three-leaf Solomon’s-plume smilacine trifoliée) is a species of flowering plant that is native to Canada and the northeastern United States from Yukon and British Columbia east to Newfoundland and south to Delaware. It is a herbaceous perennial plant growing to 25 cm tall with alternate oblong-lanceolate leaves 5-12 cm long and 2-4 cm broad.
 Acokanthera rotundata grows as a shrub or small tree. Its fragrant flowers feature a white corolla often pink to red on the corolla tube. Fruit is red to purple when ripe. Vernacular names for the plant include round-leaved poison-bush. Habitats are in rocky areas of dry woodland. A. rotundata is native to Zimbabwe Swaziland and South Africa.
 Adenostoma sparsifolium Redshanks or less commonly Ribbonwood is a multi-trunked tree or shrub native to dry slopes or chaparral of Southern California and northern Baja California.
 Palafoxia riograndensis the Río Grande Palafox or Río Grande Spanish needles is a plant species native to Texas Chihuahua and Coahuila. It is named for the Río Grande which separates Texas from Mexico. The plant grows in sandy and silty soils at elevations of 50-200 m (150-700 feet).Palafoxia riograndensis is an annual herb up to 60 cm (24 inches) tall. Flowering heads have no ray flowers but 8-25 pink purple or white disc flowers.
 Goodenia macmillanii commonly known as Pinnate Goodenia is a flowering plant that is endemic to Victoria Australia. It is a short-lived perennial which grows up to 50 cm high with pinnate leaves with leaflets that have toothed margins. Although eastern species of the genus usually have yellow flowers G. macmillanii has flowers which are mauve to purple.
 Virola carinata is a New World tropical evergreen tree in the Myristicaceae family that is indigenous to Colombia Venezuela and Brazil (Amazonas and Rondônia). It grows to a height of about 30m and its fruit is subglobular 16-20 mm long and 17-19 mm in diameter found in groups of 4 to 12.
 Pergularia is a genus of the botanical family Asclepiadaceae. P. daemia Forsk. is a perennial twinning herb that grows along the roadsides of India and tropical and subtropical regions. Pharmacological activities include antiinflammatory hepatoprotective anticancer antidiabetic antioxidant antibacterial antifungal analgesic antiinfertility and central nervous system depressant activity. The genus contains some 12 species: Pergularia brunoniana (Wight & Arn.) D.Dietr.
 Mammillaria painteri is a species of plant in the Cactaceae family. It is endemic to Mexico. It is usually found near but not limited to San Juan del Rio Guanajuato. It is commonly referred to as the Biznaguita in Spanish. It is also known by many to be synonymous with Mammillaria crinita subspecies crinita. It was evaluated and added to the IUCN Redlist in 2002 as data deficient. The causes of this species' endangerment or threats to its well-being are not clear.
 The Icacinaceae are a family of flowering plantsconsisting of trees shrubs and lianas primarily of the tropics.The family was traditionally circumscribed quite broadly with around 55 genera totalling over 400 species.
 Banksia leptophylla var. leptophylla is a variety of Banksia leptophylla. It is native to the Southwest Botanical Province of Western Australia. As an autonym it is defined as containing the type specimen of the species.
 Solanum sibundoyense is a species of plant in the Solanaceae family. It is endemic to Colombia specifically the to Sibundoy and surrounding areas and usually resides in cloud forests 1400–2300 meters in elevation. It is also known as tomate salvaje or tomate silvestre to natives of Colombia and also sometimes called Cyphomandra sibundoyensis. It's a small tree 4–8 m tall. Stems glabrous or sparsely puberulent with glandular and eglandular hairs less than 0.5 mm long.
 Roupala pinnata is a species of plant in the Proteaceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Aglaia leucoclada is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 Origanum onites the Cretan oregano Turkish oregano pot marjoram or rίgani in Greek (Ελληνική ρίγανη) is a plant species in the genus Origanum found in Greece and Turkey. It has similar flavors as oregano. Its essential oil can be distinguished from other species such as Greek oregano (Origanum vulgare ssp. hirtum). It has antimicrobial activities.
 Amentotaxus assamica is a species of conifer in the Taxaceae family.It is found only in India.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Fosterella weddelliana is a species of the genus Fosterella. This species is endemic to Bolivia.
 Bifrenaria mellicolor is a species of orchid.16x Media related to Bifrenaria mellicolor at Wikimedia Commons
 Rosa cymosa is a species of climbing rose native to China where it grows from the east coast in Fujian to western Sichuan at up to 1300 m in warm areas in scrub and gorges and in bamboo plantations. It is sometimes called the elderflower rose as its flower formation resembles Elderberry (Sambucus) flowers.Rosa cymosa has long smooth or hairy stems to 5 m with a few hooked thorns. Shoots and leaves are bright red when young.
 In taxonomy Radiococcus is a genus of algae specifically of the Chlorophyceae.
 Lupinus luteus is known as European yellow lupine. It is native to the Mediterranean region of Southern Europe. The plant's yellow seeds known as lupin beans were once a common food of the Mediterranean basin and Latin America. Today they are primarily eaten as a pickled snack food.
 Acanthosicyos horridus is an unusual melon that occurs only in Namibia; it is locally called nara.The nara plant is leafless the modified stems and spines serve as the photosynthetic organs of the plant.The edible seeds are known locally as butterpips.The fruit serves as an essential food source for Topnaar people from February to April and August to September. The katydid Acanthoproctus diadematus feeds on the plant moving between different bushes at night.
 Eugenia valvata is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Ajuga genevensis (also variously known as the upright bugle blue bugle Geneva bugleweed blue bugleweed) is a herbaceous flowering plant native to Europe. It is less common than its relative Ajuga reptans (common bugle).
 Dragonhead mint or American dragonhead (Dracocephalum parviflorum Nutt.) is a wild North American mint growing from New York state through the Midwest and Canada and into Alaska. It grows as either an annual or biennial producing clusters of small pink to violet flowers in whorls at the ends of many branching stems. The seeds are very small (about 2 mm) dark and high in oil content about 20%.A recent study suggests that this mint may have application as a commercial birdseed crop in Alaska.
 The Golden Orange apple is an apple cultivar that was first developed in the Italy in the 1970s (released 1996) by crossing PRI 1956-6 and Ed Gould Golden apples.Resistant to scab. Moderate vigor spreading habit and medium-late blooming season fruit is moderately large (167 g) and symmetric skin is smooth no russeting ripens some days after Golden delicious the fruit is very attractive and it has a largegood storage ability.
 Dawsonia superba is a large moss growing to 60 cm in height. It is the tallest moss in the world.Dawsonia superba may be the same as species as Dawsonia longifolia.
 Anthurium andreanum 'Royal Flush' is a cultivar from the species Anthurium andraeanum. It has hot pink spathes with a dark spadix that has tones of pink. The leaves are a dark green.
 Camptacra is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Alpinia is a genus of flowering plants in the ginger family Zingiberaceae. It is named for Prospero Alpini a 17th-century Italian botanist who specialized in exotic plants. Species are native to Asia Australia and the Pacific Islands where they occur in tropical and subtropical climates. Several species are cultivated as ornamental plants. Species of the genus are known generally as ginger-lilies.
 Elaeocarpus sallehiana is a species of flowering plant in the Elaeocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cystomonas is a genus of algae in the family Chlorococcaceae.
 Nepenthes 'Michael Lee' is a cultivar of a complex manmade hybrid involving N. alata N. ampullaria N. gracilis N. khasiana N. rafflesiana and N. ventricosa. It was bred by Bruce Lee Bednar and Orgel Clyde Bramblett in 1986. This cultivar name is not established as it was published without a description violating Article 24.1 of the International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants.
 Sclerocroton integerrimus the Duiker Berry is a tree in the Euphorbiaceae family from Southern Africa.
 Epidendrum dichotomum C.Presl (1827) is a member of the E. secundum group which can grow terrestrially on rocks and in trees. Kew accepts it as a separate species without any synonyms. as did H. G. Reichenbach (1861). In Schweinfurth (1960) E. dichotomum is the accepted name of a species distinct from E. secundum but with several listed synonyms: E. brachyphyllum E. lindenii E. cuzcoense E. tarmense and E. inconstans. In Schweinfurth (1970) E.
 Pteris cretica the Cretan brake fern is a species of evergreen fern in the family Pteridaceae native to Europe Asia and Africa.
 Aglaia mariannensis (Mupunyao) endemic to the Mariana Islands is a tree with large (about 10–18 cm in length) dark green glossy ovate or elliptic leaves densely arranged on stems. Terminal leaf buds are often orange and fuzzy and look like praying hands.Axillary or terminal flowers arranged in panicles are small yellowish green and fragrant smelling of citronella.The fruit is yellow or orange in color ovoid and contains one or two coffee-bean-sized seeds.
 Gentiana setigera is a species of gentian known by the common name Mendocino gentian. It is native to southern Oregon and northern California where it grows in wet places in the California Coast Ranges.
 Parasenecio is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Philotheca verrucosa commonly known as Bendigo Waxflower or Fairy Waxflower is a shrub in the family Rutaceae. The species is endemic to south-east Australia. It is usually up to 1.2 metres high although heights up to 2 metres have been recorded in Gippsland. It produces white flowers from August to October in its native range.The species was first described in 1834 by French botanist Achille Richard who gave it the name Erisotemon verrucosum later amended to Eriostemon verrucosus.
 Scagea is a genus of plants under the family Picrodendraceae. It comprises 2 species both of which are endemic to New Caledonia.
 Ironwort Sideritis syriaca is a plant similar to chamomile commonly used in the Balkans (where it is known as mountain tea) to make a sweet beverage. It grows on a high altitude in the mountains. It is commonly found on wet grounds on the high pastures above 1500 m.
 Xeronemataceae is a family of flowering plants placed in the order Asparagales of the monocots.The name was published in 2000 and has therefore been recognized only in recent taxonomies. The APG III system of 2009 (unchanged from the 1998 and 2003 versions) does recognize this family.The single genus in the family Xeronema with two species has been variously placed in the family Asphodelaceae or the family Hemerocallidaceae in other taxonomic systems.
 Tillandsia nuptialis is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Adenolisianthus is a plant genus in the Gentian family (Gentianaceae) tribe Helieae. The name of the genus is derived from Greek roots meaning gland-bearing and smooth flower. Only one species Adenolisianthus arboreus has been classified as part of this genus.
 Smilax glabra the Chinaroot tufuling (土茯苓) or sarsaparilla is a plant species in the genus Smilax.S. glabra is used in Chinese herbology. It is also a key ingredient in the Chinese medical dessert guīlínggāo which makes use of its property to set certain kinds of jelly.
 Dicorynia is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the sub family Caesalpinioideae.
 Diplocyclos palmatus is a vine in the Cucurbitaceae family. It is commonly known as Native Bryony or Striped cucumber.
 Cirsium oleraceum (Cabbage thistle) is a species of thistle in the genus Cirsium native to central and eastern Europe and Asia where it grows in wet lowland soils.It is a herbaceous perennial plant growing to 1.5 m tall with unbranched stems or only a very few branches. The leaves are broad and ovoid with a weakly spiny margin.
 Microtropis tenuis is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gustavia erythrocarpa is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.It is found only in Brazil.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Monolopia gracilens is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name woodland monolopia. It is endemic to California where it is known from the mountains of the San Francisco Bay Area and ranges just to the south. It grows in grassland chaparral woodland and other habitat often on serpentine soils. It is an annual herb producing a slender branching stem up to about 80 centimeters tall. It is usually somewhat woolly in texture.
 Stenorrhipis rhizomatica is a species of liverwort in the Cephaloziellaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Coprosma prisca commonly known as Goatwood is a flowering plant in the coffee family. The specific epithet comes from the Latin for “old” or “ancient” though its application to this species is unknown.
 Bulbophyllum amygdalinum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Viola cuneata is a species of violet known by the common name wedgeleaf violet. It is native to southwestern Oregon and northwestern California where it occurs in the forests of the coastal mountain ranges often on serpentine soils. This rhizomatous herb produces a hairless stem reaching a maximum height of a few centimeters to around 25 centimeters. The basal leaves have purple-veined green oval rounded or wedge-shaped blades borne on long petioles. Leaves higher on the stem are smaller.
 Banksia ericifolia subsp. ericifolia is a subspecies of Banksia ericifolia. As an autonym it is defined as encompassing the type material of the species. It is native to New South Wales but has naturalised in small numbers in Victoria.
 Euphorbia tanaensis is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Kenya.
 Allocasuarina lehmanniana commonly known as dune sheoak is a shrub in the family Casuarinaceae. Endemic to Western Australia it is widespread along on the coast from the Murchison River south to Israelite Bay.Dune sheoak grows as an upright shrub from three to five metres tall (10–16 ft). As with other Allocasuarina species its foliage consists of slender green branchlets informally referred to as needles but more correctly termed cladodes.
 Quassia sanguinea is a species of plant in the Simaroubaceae family. It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The following is a list of motorcycles scooters and mopeds produced by Honda.
 Juniperus gamboana is a species of conifer in the Cupressaceae family.It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Poa fendleriana is a species of grass known by the common name muttongrass. It is native to western North America where its distribution extends from western Canada to northern Mexico.
 Melaleuca ryeae is an Australian shrub.
 Coprosma neglecta is a coastal shrub that is native to New Zealand. C. neglecta is found around the North Cape of New Zealand.C. neglecta grows up to 50 centimetres tall and has small circular glossy green leaves. The plant produces orange-red fruit.
 Cyathea everta is a species of tree fern native to western New Guinea where it grows in the edges of forest or in mossy forest at an altitude of 1400-2800 m. The trunk is erect and up to 5 m tall. Fronds are bi- or tripinnate and 1-1.5 m long. Numerous fronds are present at any one time and form a dense crown. The stipe has some spines towards the base and is covered in scales. The scales are pale or dark glossy and have pale fringed edges. Sori occur near the fertile pinnule midvein.
 Vriesea amadoi is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Arabidopsis thaliana (/ərˌæbɨˈdɒpsɪsˌθɑːliˈɑːnə/ thale cress mouse-ear cress or arabidopsis) is a small flowering plant native to Eurasia. A winter annual with a relatively short life cycle Arabidopsis is a popular model organism in plant biology and genetics. For a complex multicellular eukaryote Arabidopsis thaliana has a relatively small genome of approximately 135 megabase pairs (Mbp).
 Horsfieldia sterilis is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 'Bridge of Sighs' is a rose introduced by Harkness Roses in 2000. It is a climbing rose that is of an apricot and amber color. It was named after the bridge at Hertford College Oxford which Peter Harkness attended.
 The order Cyatheales which includes the tree ferns is a taxonomic division of the fern class Polypodiopsida. No clear morphological features characterize all of the Cyatheales but DNA sequence data indicate the order is monophyletic. Some species in the Cyatheales have tree-like growth forms but others have creeping rhizomes (stems). Some species have scales on the stems and leaves while others have hairs.
 In taxonomy Gloeodendron is a genus of algae specifically of the Tetrasporaceae.
 Anthriscus or Chervil is a common plant genus of the family Apiaceae growing in Europe and temperate parts of Asia. It comprises 15 species some of which are considered as noxious weeds. The genus grows in meadows and verges on slightly wet porous soils.
 Ampelocissus acetosa is a species of vine. Common names include Wild Grape and Djabaru.It occurs naturally in New Guinea as well as tropical parts of Western Australia the Northern Territory and Queensland in Australia.
 Violet Carson is a rose cultivar an uncommon hybrid of the 'Mme Léon Cuny' and 'Spartan' varieties created by McGredy between 1963 and 1964. It was named after Violet Carson the actress who played Ena Sharples in Coronation Street the British soap opera.
 Solidago flexicaulis (broad-leaved goldenrod zigzag goldenrod; Solidago latifolia L.) is an herbaceous perennial plant of the family Asteraceae native to the United States. It grows in a variety of habitats including mesic upland forests well drained floodplain forests seepage swamp hummocks and rocky woodlands.
 Buddleja davidii 'Carroll Deep Lavender' is a selection made by the Carroll Gardens Inc. (ceased trading 2009) Westminster Maryland USA.
 Cleyera japonica (sakaki) is a flowering evergreen tree native to warm areas of Japan Korea and mainland China. It can reach a height of 10 m. The leaves are 6–10 cm long smooth oval leathery shiny and dark green above yellowish-green below with deep furrows for the leaf stem. The bark is dark reddish brown and smooth. The small scented cream-white flowers open in early summer and are followed later by berries which start red and turn black when ripe.
 Rhodognaphalon is a genus of flowering plant in the Bombacaceae family. It contains the following species: Rhodognaphalon mossambicense Rhodognaphalon breviscupe
 Browneopsis is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family. It contains the following species: Browneopsis disepala Browneopsis excelsa Browneopsis macrofoliolata Browneopsis sanintiae Browneopsis ucayalina
 Magnolia polyhypsophylla is a species of plant in the Magnoliaceae family. It is endemic to Colombia.
 Calamagrostis canadensis is a species of grass having three or more varieties in the Poaceae family. It is known variously by the common names of bluejoint bluejoint reedgrass marsh reedgrass Canadian reedgrass meadow pinegrass and marsh pinegrass.
 Obregonia the artichoke cactus is a genus of cacti with a single species Obregonia denegrii. The genus Obregonia is named after Álvaro Obregón. This rare species resembles an inverted green pine cone with a woolly center. It grows slowly in culture and requires little water. It benefits from full sun and is multiplied by seed.It may have traditional uses as medicine or a psychoactive. It is one of the closest living relatives of Lophophora williamsii.
 Bulbophyllum quadrichaete is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Holcoglossum is a genus of orchids in the family Orchidaceae.
 Perideridia is a small genus of plants in the parsley family. Plants in this genus are known generally as yampah or yampa. They are native to western North America. Similar in appearance to other plants belonging to the family Apiaceae they have umbels of white flowers.
 Colutea orientalis is a species of leguminous shrub native to Europe and Asia. It is a deciduous grey-leafed bushy shrub that grows to a height of up to 2 m (6 ft). It bears clusters of small yellow and coppery-red flowers in summer followed by green seed pods. Colutea x media is a hybrid between C. orientalis and C. arborescens.
 Sesbania punicea (Spanish gold rattlebox) is an ornamental shrub that produces reddish orange flowers has deciduous leaves and grows to 15 feet high. This plant has a high demand for water and thrives in swamps or high-moisture areas. It also requires a mildly acidic soil to grow in ranging between 6.1-6.5 pH.
 Nothofagus moorei is an important Gondwana relict of the rainforests of the southern hemisphere. It occurs in wet fire free areas at high altitude in eastern Australia.Once referred to as 'negrohead beech' but now as 'Antarctic beech' (not to be confused with its South American relative Nothofagus antarctica) is an evergreen tree native to the eastern highlands of Australia.
 Chorizanthe angustifolia is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name narrowleaf spineflower. It is endemic to California where it is known only from the coastline of San Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara Counties but is locally common. This small hairy herb sends out prostrate inflorescences along the sandy soil of its habitat each no longer than about 10 centimeters.
 Ponerorchis hemipilioides is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family. It is endemic to China.
 Palaquium pseudorostratum is a tree in the Sapotaceae family. It grows up to 30 metres (100 ft) tall. The bark is reddish brown. Inflorescences bear up to four flowers. The fruits are up to 1.6 cm (1 in) long. The specific epithet pseudorostratum is for the species' similarity to Palaquium rostratum. Habitat is swamp and kerangas forests. P. pseudorostratum is found in Borneo and the Philippines.
 Berberis sikkimensis is a plant species native to the high Himalayas at elevations of 2000–3000 m. It is known from Sikkim Nepal Bhutan Tibet and Yunnan.Berberis sikkimensis is a shrub up to 250 cm tall with pale yellow spines up to 20 mm long on the younger twigs. Leaves are egg-shaped up to 25 mm long leathery heavily whitened with a waxy layer below. Inflorescence is a panicle or raceme of up to 20 flowers. Berries are dark red narrowly egg-shaped up to 15 mm long.
 Astrophytum asterias is a species of cactus in the genus Astrophytum and is native to small parts of Texas in the United States and Mexico. Common names include Sand Dollar Cactus Sea Urchin Cactus Star Cactus and Star Peyote.
 Susumaniello is a variety of red wine grape from the 'heel' of Italy. It is an ancient grape variety which is grown in the province of Brindisi in the southern Italian region of Puglia.
 Marsilea is a genus of approximately 65 species of aquatic ferns of the family Marsileaceae. The name honours Italian naturalist Luigi Ferdinando Marsigli (1656–1730).These small plants are of unusual appearance and do not resemble common ferns. Common names include water clover and four-leaf clover because the long-stalked leaves have four clover-like lobes and are either held above water or submerged.
 Salix boothii is a species of willow known by the common name Booth's willow. It is native to western North America from British Columbia and Alberta to California and New Mexico where it grows in moist mountain habitat such as riverbanks. It is a shrub which can reach six metres in height. It is larger and has more branches in well-drained soils and takes a smaller simpler form in saturated areas such as bogs.
 Salvia heterochroa is a perennial plant that is native to Yunnan province in China found growing on grassy slopes at 3500 to 3800 m (11500 to 12500 ft) elevation. S. heterochroa grows on one or two stems with elliptic-ovate leaves that range in size from 4 to 13 cm (1.6 to 5.1 in) long and 2.5 to 10 cm (0.98 to 3.94 in) wide. Inflorescences are 2-6 flowered widely spaced verticillasters in raceme-panicles.
 Cochlioda abbreviated Cda. in the horticultural trade is a genus of orchids. It consists of more than 10 species native to Peru Ecuador and Bolivia.
 Nectandra parviflora is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family. It is found in Ecuador and possibly Peru.
 Orchipedum is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Rhododendron simiarum also known as the South China Rhododendron is one of the many species of the genus Rhododendron which mainly grows in Southern China. The species has also developed a habitat in Hong Kong being one of the six native species of Rhododendrons to grown in Hong Kong commonly found in the slopes of Ma On Shan and Lantau Island
 Tecticornia pergranulata (commonly known as the Blackseed Glasswort or Blackseed Samphire) is a succulent halophytic plant species in the Amaranthaceae family native to Australia. This plant is commonly tested in labs involving its C3 photosynthesis and its unique resistance to salinity and adversity.
 Pitcairnia oblongifolia is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Aechmea lamarchei is a species of the genus Aechmea.
 Tillandsia confinis is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Bolivia and Ecuador.
 Haworthia reinwardtii is a species of flowering plant in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae native to the Western and Eastern Capes of South Africa. It is a perennial succulent growing to 20 cm (8 in)in height with a basal rosette of white-spotted fleshy leaves arranged in a spiral pattern and racemes of tubular pinkish-white flowers in spring. The plant spreads to form a mat by means of freely-produced offsets also a convenient means of propagation.H.
 Vangueriopsis lanciflora is a species of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. The species has the largest distribution area of the genus and occurs in Central and South Tropical Africa (D.R.Congo to Tanzania and South Africa).
 Xanthophyllum heterophyllum is a tree in the family Polygalaceae. The specific epithet heterophyllum is from the Greek meaning different leaf referring to the leaf-like appearance of the axillary buds.
 Eria ornata is a species of orchid.
 Eschweilera rodriguesiana is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.It is found only in Brazil.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Trixis inula the Tropical Threefold is a plant species native to Texas Mexico Central America northern South America and the West Indies. It is found on open sandy sites such as roadsides thorn scrub thickets etc.Trixis inula is a much-branched herb up to 300 cm (10 feet) tall. It has lanceolate to elliptic leaves up to 17 cm (7 inches) long. Yellow flower heads are borne in paniculate arrays.
 Bulbophyllum rarum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Cyrtosia is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Vepris mandangoa is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family. It is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo along the Congo River. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lilium canadense commonly called either the Canada Lily Wild Yellow-Lily or the Meadow Lily is a native of eastern North America. Flowers emerge in June and are nodding yellow orange or red with spots.
 Epigaea is a genus comprising three species of flowering plants in the Ericaceae. The species are small creeping shrubs that are typically anywhere from 10 to 20 cm tall at full growth forming large patches. The leaves are evergreen alternate and simple ranging amongst the three species from 2 to 10 cm long. The flowers are small white or pink with a five-lobed tubular corolla which is produced in mid-spring.
 Cyclamen (US /ˈsaɪkləmɛn/ SY-klə-men or UK /ˈsɪkləmɛn/ SIK-lə-men) is a genus of 23 species of perennials growing from tubers valued for their flowers with upswept petals and variably patterned leaves.
 Tillandsia pruinosa is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Brazil Costa Rica Mexico Venezuela and the United States.
 Echinops adenocaulos is a species of plant of the family Asteraceae.ar:قنفذي مطوي
 Ficus stuhlmannii is a tree in the Moraceae family. It is commonly known as the Lowveld Fig. These trees are distributed from KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa to east Africa.
 Dahlia 'Moonfire' is a Dahlia cultivar with very dark almost black leaves like Dahlia 'Bishop of Llandaff'. It is classified as single-flowered dahlia as it has a single outer ring of florets. The orange-yellow flower heads are 80 mm wide and sit on stems of up to 85 cm height.The cultivar was originally developed in The Netherlands but mistakenly supplied to Bridgmere Nurseries (UK) as an unnamed seedling where it was named by Chris Sanders.
 Crataegus chlorosarca is an Asian species of hawthorn with black fruit. Although recommended as an ornamental and hardy in cold climates it is rarely cultivated.
 Minuartia pusilla is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names annual sandwort and dwarf stitchwort. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to southern California to Utah from sea level to 2400 metres (7900 ft). It grows in mountain pine forests chaparral plains and other habitats.
 Bulbophyllum puguahaanense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Pseudogynoxys chenopodioides the Mexican Flame Vine Plant is a plant species in the family Asteraceae native to Mexico Central America and the West Indies. It is cultivated in Florida and has been reported as persisting after cultivation there growing on disturbed sites.
 The Canellaceae are a family of flowering plants in the order Canellales. The order includes only one other family the Winteraceae. Canellaceae is native to the Afrotropic and Neotropic ecozones. They are small to medium trees rarely shrubs evergreen and aromatic. The flowers and fruit are often red.Several species of Canellaceae are important in herbal medicine or as a substitute for cinnamon.
 In taxonomy Prasinoderma is a genus of algae specifically of the Pycnococcaceae.
 Sorghum halepense commonly called Johnson grass is a plant in the grass family Poaceae native to the Mediterranean region but growing throughout Europe and the Middle East. The plant has been introduced to all continents except Antarctica and most larger islands and archipelagos.
 Zenkerella is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family. It contains the following species: Zenkerella egregia Zenkerella perplexa
 Ruellia incomta (syn. Dipteracanthus incomtus Nees Eurychanes incomta (Nees) Lindau) is a plant native of Cerrado vegetation of Brazil.
 Scaevola taccada also known as Beach Cabbage Sea Lettuce Beach Naupaka Naupaka kahakai (Hawaiian) Magoo (Divehi) Merambong (Malay) and Ngahu (Tongan) is a flowering plant in the family Goodeniaceae found in coastal locations in the tropical areas of the Indo-Pacific. It is a common beach shrub throughout the Arabian Sea the tropical Indian Ocean and the tropical Islands of the Pacific.
 Synedrella is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family and it has three species:Synedrella nodiflora Gaertn.Synedrella peduncularis Benth.Synedrella vialis A. Gray
 Ipomopsis multiflora (common name manyflowered gilia) is a plant. Among the Zuni people the powdered whole plant is applied to face for headache and it is also applied to wounds. The crushed blossoms are smoked in corn husks to relieve strangulation.
 Mangifera sumbawaensis is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family. It is endemic to Indonesia.
 Tabebuia rosea is a neotropical tree that grows up to 30 m (1181 in) and can reach a diameter at breast height of up to 100 cm (3 ft). The name Roble de Sabana meaning savannah oak is widely used in Costa Rica in Spanish probably because it often remains in heavily deforested areas where people appreciate its intense flowering periods and because of the resemblance of its wood to that of oak trees.
 Optima is a white wine grape that was created by viticulturalist Peter Morio at the Geilweilerhof Institute for Grape Breeding in the Palatinate in 1930. Morio crossed a Riesling x Silvaner cross with Müller-Thurgau. The Riesling x Silvaner is sometimes mentioned as Rieslaner but more often just as a Riesling x Silvaner.
 Heteromma is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Psychotria plicata is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica.
 Lacandonia schismatica is the sole species of the genus Lacandonia and is endemic to the Lacandon Jungle in the Mexican state of Chiapas. It is known from very few populations and is considered endangered by the researchers who investigate this species. L.
 Huntleya gustavii is a species of orchid that occurs from Colombia and Ecuador and of late it is decreasing in population.
 Lomatium is a genus of about 75 species of perennial herbs native to western North America. Several species including L. cous L. geyeri and L. macrocarpum are sometimes known as biscuit roots for their starchy edible roots. These are or have been traditional Native American foods eaten cooked or dried and ground into flour. Some Native Americans ground Lomatium into mush and shaped into cakes and stored for later use. Their flavor has been compared to celery parsnip or stale biscuits.
 Justicia galapagana is a species of plant in the Acanthaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Dorstenia mannii is a plant species in the genus Dorstenia.68-Diprenyleriodictyol dorsmanin C and dorsmanin F can be found in D. mannii.
 Haploclathra is a plant genus in the family Calophyllaceae. It includes species native to the Amazon basin of Brazil and Peru.
 Vaccinium virgatum (commonly known as either rabbit-eye blueberry or southern black blueberry ) is a species of blueberry native to the Southeastern United States from North Carolina south to Florida and west to Texas.
 Glochidion sisparense is a species of tree in the Phyllanthaceae family. It is endemic to Sispara India.
 Sclerocactus mesae-verde Mesa Verde cactus or Mesa Verde fishhook cactus is a species of cactus in the Sclerocactus genus occurring in habitat at 4000–5000 ft. only in Colorado and New Mexico in the Four Corners region United States. This species was discovered near Cortez and Mesa Verde by Charles H. Boissevain and is the only known population group in Colorado. Sclerocactus mesae-verde was formerly classified in the monotypic genus Coloradoa.
 Etlingera maingayi (also known as Malay rose) is a species of herbaceous perennial plant[citation needed] of the Zingiberaceae family. Botanical synonyms include Amomum maingayi Baker Hornstedtia maingayi Nicolaia maingayi and Phaeomeria maingayi. This species occurs in southern Thailand where its flowers are eaten as vegetables and Malaysia.
 Buddleja 'Attraction' is a cultivar raised from an open pollination of Buddleja × weyeriana 'Honeycomb' by Prof. Michael Dirr at the University of Georgia USA in 1999.
 Oryza nivara is a wild progenitor of the cultivated rice Oryza sativa. It is found growing in swampy areas at edge of pond and tanks beside streams in ditches in or around rice fields.
 Pseudopentameris is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Chorizanthe staticoides is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name Turkish rugging. It is endemic to California where it is a common member of the flora in the chaparral and scrub habitats in a number of regions. This is a plant which is quite variable in morphology producing small patches on the ground or growing erect to heights over half a meter. The leaves measure from just a few millimeters to about 8 centimeters long.
 Mohavea breviflora is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common names golden desert-snapdragon and lesser mohavea. It is native to the southwestern United States including the Mojave Desert and surrounding areas. It is a hairy annual herb growing erect to a maximum height near 20 centimeters. The alternately arranged leaves are lance-shaped. Flowers occur in the leaf axils.
 Podocarpus borneensis is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
 Sindora siamensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is a large evergreen tree found in open semi-deciduous forests in Cambodia Laos Malaysia Thailand and Vietnam.
 Cibotium regale common name royal cibotium or royal Mexican tree fern is a species of tropical tree fern belonging to the family Cibotiaceae.
 Mammillaria geminispina (twin spined cactus) is a species of flowering plant in the family Cactaceae native to central Mexico. It grows to 25 cm (10 in) tall by 50 cm (20 in) broad. The clustering spherical stems 8 cm in diameter are covered in white down and white spines. Carmine pink flowers are borne in summer and autumn.
 Bulbophyllum lanuginosum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Vriesea recurvata is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Vachellia prasinata is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in Ethiopia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Quiina colonensis is a species of plant in the Ochnaceae family. It is found in Costa Rica and Panama. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Swartzia bombycina is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Lepisanthes tetraphylla is a tree of India and Sri Lanka and other South Asian countries.
 Senecio serra is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name tall ragwort. It is native to the western United States where it can be found in several types of habitat including sagebrush and woodlands. It is a perennial herb producing a single erect stem or a cluster of stems from a branched woody caudex. The plant can exceed two meters in height. It is hairless in texture with young plants sometimes appearing fuzzy and green to red-tinged in color.
 Gomphrena /ɡɒmˈfriːnə/ the Globe amaranths is a genus of plants in the family Amaranthaceae. Species include:Gomphrena globosa - Globe amaranthGomphrena haageana - Strawberry globe amaranthGomphrena perennis - Glyphosate resistantGomphrena serrata↑ ↑ ↑
 Banksia aemula commonly known as the wallum banksia is a lignotuberous shrub of the Proteaceae family. Found from Bundaberg south to Sydney on the Australian east coast it is encountered as a shrub or a taller tree to 8 m (25 ft) in coastal heath on deep sandy soil known as Wallum. It has wrinkled orange bark and shiny green serrated leaves with green-yellow flower spikes known as inflorescences appearing in autumn.
 Bulbophyllum atropurpureum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Magnolia mahechae is a species of plant in the Magnoliaceae family. It is endemic to Colombia.
 Savia dictyocarpa is plant belonging to the Phyllanthaceae family native to Brazil.
 Ophidion (little snake in Greek referring to the united tip of the sepals forming a lateral window) is a genus of orchids found in Central America and the Andes.
 Sarcanthopsis is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Brachyotum is a genus of plant in family Melastomataceae. Species include: Brachyotum alpinum Cogn.
 Yellow rattle or cockscomb Rhinanthus minor is a flowering plant in the genus Rhinanthus in the family Orobanchaceae native to Europe and Western Asia.It is a hemi-parasitic herbaceous annual plant that gains some of its nutrients from the roots of neighbouring plants. It grows to 25–50 cm tall with opposite simple leaves with a serrated margin. The flowers are yellow produced on a terminal raceme.
 Byttneria sparrei is a species of flowering plant in the Sterculiaceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Lotus glaber (Narrow-leaf Bird's-foot Trefoil) is a flowering plant of the pea family Fabaceae native to western and southern Europe and southwest Asia. Some botanists treat it as a subspecies of Lotus corniculatus as L. corniculatus subsp. tenuifolius.Its tolerance of salt and poor soil make this plant useful for marginal conditions. It has become naturalised in many other locations including the Pampas of Argentina and parts of the United States.
 Crassula connata is a succulent plant known by the common names sand pygmyweed and pygmy stonecrop. It is a very small plant which grows in patches on the ground especially in rocky areas. It is also sometimes associated with vernal pool plant communities. The stems are a few centimeters in length and are covered with tiny fleshy pointed leaves. Each leaf is only millimeters long. The plant is green when new and it matures to shades of pink and red.
 Erica margaritacea (or the Pearl Heath) is a species of erica that was naturally restricted to the city of Cape Town.Historically this Erica grew naturally in the Cape Flats Sand Fynbos of the Southern Suburbs Cape Town. However urban development caused it to go extinct in the wild. Specimens that were preserved by Botanists were used to reintroduce this species to the last remaining patch of its habitat the Kenilworth Racecourse Conservation Area.
 Eustoma russellianum is a species of flowering plant in the Gentian family. Its previous binomial name was Eustoma grandiflorum. Common names include Texas bluebells Texas bluebell Bluebell Showy prairie gentian Prairie gentian The Bolero Deep Blue and Lisianthus.
 Coccothrinax boschiana (guano de Barreras) is a palm endemic to dry forests on limestone on Sierra Martín García ridge in the Sierra de Neiba on Barahona peninsula in the south of the Dominican Republic. This species was first described in 1997.C. boschiana is palmate-leaved; its leaves have been described as golden above and silvery below. Trees grow to about 12 metres in height.
 Mitrasacme is a genus of plant in family Loganiaceae. Around 40 species occur mostly in Australia though also extending to various parts of Asia and the Pacific Islands. Two species also occur in China. The name comes from the Greek alluding to “the highest point of the mitre”. As the fruit capsule has an alleged resemblance to a mitre.
 Placodiscus paniculatus is a species of plant in the Sapindaceae family. It is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 Bulbophyllum linearilabium is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Macrozamia viridis is a species of plant in the Zamiaceae family. It is endemic to Australia.
 Nemophila pedunculata is a common annual wildflower found throughout western North America. Its common names include littlefoot nemophila and meadow nemophila. Nemophila pedunculata grows low to the ground with a fleshy stem and thick bristly leaves. The flowers are tiny only about a centimeter wide. They are a broad bell shape and they vary widely in color.
 Linanthus is a genus of annual and perennial plants in the phlox family Polemoniaceae. The species are found in western North America and in Chile with the greatest diversity in California.The stems are erect with multiple branches arising directly from the base and grow 2-15 cm tall. The leaves are stem-like (cauline) and opposite with shapes ranging from entire to palmately lobed the 3-9 lobes being linear to lanceolate or spatulate.
 Bulbophyllum anaclastum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Melica animarum is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Sierra de las Ánimas.
 Sanicula marilandica Maryland black snakeroot is a flowering plant widespread in North America but rare along the Pacific coast of the continent and Texas. Sanicula marilandica is listed as Sensitive in Washington state.Leaves with deeply incised lobes radiating out from the same point. Every leaf has no set number of leaflets but commonly will have 5–7. The plant is not tall but the fruiting stalk will rise up to 2 feet bearing green diminutive flowers in spring.
 Diospyros oligantha is a tree in the Ebenaceae family. It grows up to 30 metres (100 ft) tall. Inflorescences bear up to 10 flowers. The fruits are round up to 1.9 cm (1 in) in diameter. The specific epithet oligantha is from the Greek meaning few-flowered referring to the inflorescences. D. oligantha is endemic to Borneo.
 Urera kaalae is a species of flowering plant in the nettle family Urticaceae that is endemic to the island of Oʻahu in Hawaii. It inhabits slopes and gulches in mesic forests at elevations of 300–760 m (980–2490 ft). Currently it is restricted to the southern and central parts of the Waiʻanae Mountains.
 Bulbophyllum shanicum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Calycogonium (common name angleflower) is a polyphyletic genus of about forty species in the family Melastomataceae native to the Caribbean particularly Hispaniola Jamaica and Cuba. The genus is a member of a clade characterized by calyptra on flower buds few hairs and the presence of mite domatia on the underside of the leaves.
 Diospyros muricata is a tree in the Ebenaceae family. It grows up to 11 metres (40 ft) tall. The twigs are covered with short hairs. Inflorescences bear up to seven flowers. The fruits are ovoid up to 2 cm (1 in) in diameter. The specific epithet muricata is from the Latin meaning rough with short hard points referring to the fruits. Habitat is lowland mixed dipterocarp forests from sea-level to 1500 metres (5000 ft) altitude. D. muricata is endemic to Borneo.
 Mexipedium is a monotypic genus of the Orchid family Orchidaceae subfamily Cypripedioideae consisting of only one species Mexipedium xerophyticum. It is also the single genus of tribe Mexipedieae and subtribe Mexipediinae. This species was initially described as Phragmipedium xerophyticum by Soto Arenas Salazar & Hágsater in 1990 but transferred to its own genus by Albert & Chase in 1992 in part based on results from DNA analysis.
 Angophora crassifolia is a small tree growing in the northern parts of Sydney Australia. A rare plant with a ROTAP rating of 2RCA. It seems to be restricted to the plateau areas in and around Ku-ring-gai Chase National Park and Garigal National Park growing on lateritic soils.A small tree to 15 metres high with tougher more rigid leaves and larger gumnuts than the related Angophora bakeri. The specific epithet crassifolia is derived from Latin referring to the thick leaves.
 Arachnitis uniflora the sole species in the genus Arachnitis is a non-photosynthetic species of plant. It is a myco-heterotroph which gets many of its nutrients from fungi of the genus Glomus which live in its roots.It is found in South America and is part of the Corsiaceae family.
 Abelmoschus ficulneus is a species of flowering plant in the genus Abelmoschus family Malvaceae. Commonly known as White Wild Musk Mallow or Native Rosella it is fibrous perennial with a woody stem. Its flowers are about an inch in diameter either pink or white with a rose center; its leaves are palmate.The species grows as a small erect shrub 2 to 5 ft (1 to 2 m) tall and 2 to 6 ft (1 to 2 m) across.
 Catenalis is a genus of extinct plants of the Early Devonian (Pragian around 410 million years ago). Fossils were first found in the Posongchong Formation of eastern Yunnan China. The leafless stems (axes) bore 10-12 elliptical spore-forming organs or sporangia on side branches. To release their spores the sporangia split at the opposite end to their attachment to the stem. Its relationships are considered uncertain at present.
 Buddleja davidii 'White Bouquet' is one of the older white cultivars raised by Hungarian émigrée Sigmund Tarnok at his New Orleans nursery and patented in 1942 but still regarded as one of the best white-flowering varieties available.
 Artemisia biennis is a species of sagebrush known by the common name biennial wormwood that is native to Europe.
 Nuphar japonica is an aquatic plant species in the genus Nuphar found in Japan and the Korean Peninsula. It is endangered in Russia. The species was not accepted by The Plant List as of November 2013 which regarded it as an unresolved name.Nuphar × saijoensis (Shimoda) Padgett is a hybrid between N. japonica and N. pumila.N. japonica contains contains the alkaloids nupharidin 1-desoxynupharidin nupharamine methyl and ethyl esters of nupharamine.
 Bondola is a wine grape variety grown in the northern part of Ticino Switzerland. It is mainly used in traditional wines mainly by small or family wineries and thus not very widespread in shops and restaurants.
 Ulva polyclada is a species of seaweed in Ulvaceae family that can be found in Australia and New Zealand.
 Maytenus williamsii is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family. It is endemic to Honduras.
 Guzmania eduardii is a species of the genus Guzmania. This species is native to Ecuador.
 Piper eriocladum is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Shiny Filmy-fern Hymenophyllum flabellatum is a species of fern in the Hymenophyllaceae family.
 Encephalartos longifolius is a low-growing palm-like cycad in the family Zamiaceae. It is endemic to South Africa and is commonly known as the breadpalm or broodboom. The species name comes from the Latin longis long and folius leaf. This cycad is listed as near threatened in the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
 Schoenoplectus heterochaetus (syn. Scirpus heterochaetus) is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common name slender bulrush. It is native to North America where it can be found in many regions of Canada and the United States. It grows in a variety of wetland habitat types including marshes and lakes. It grows on land or in shallow water. It is a perennial herb growing from a large rhizome system.
 Rhinacanthus nasutus commonly known as: snake jasmine ( • Hindi: कबुतर का फुल kabutar ka phul पालक जूही Marathi: गजकर्णी gajkarni • Sanskrit: यूथिकापर्णी yuthikaparni) is a small erect branched shrub endemic to India.It is useful in ringworm infestation (Dhobie's itch) of skin and snake bites.The ethanol extract of the root of this herb has been shown to be protective in vitro against the effects of hypoxia and reoxygenation in the mouse neuron cell line (HT-22 cells).Furthermore various extracts from both the leaf and the root have been shown to protect the HT-22 cell line against the detrimental effects of both Glutamate and Amyloid Beta protein fragments suggesting a possible use as a treatment for Alzheimer's disease
 Bulbophyllum toranum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Desmodium paniculatum or panicled tick-trefoil is a flowering plant native to the United States.
 Bulbophyllum fractiflexum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Cumin (/ˈkjuːmɨn/ or UK /ˈkʌmɨn/ US /ˈkuːmɨn/; sometimes spelled cummin; Cuminum cyminum) is a flowering plant in the family Apiaceae native from the east Mediterranean to India. Its seeds (each one contained within a fruit which is dried) are used in the cuisines of many different cultures in both whole and ground form.
 Zapoteca portoricensis subsp. portoricensis is a perennial tree.
 Acropogon bullatus is a species of flowering plant in the Sterculiaceae family.It is found only in New Caledonia.
 Spathoglottis is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae). This genus is allied to genera Acanthephippium Bletia Calanthe and Phaius. This genus is abbreviated Spa in trade journals. The genus Paxtonia Lindl. is generally included here.There are about 45 species of Spathoglottis in diverse habitats in India Philippines SE Asia New Guinea New Caledonia Solomon Islands Borneo and Cape York Peninsula in Australia.
 Helichrysum rupestre is a species of plant in the Asteraceae family.
 Scaevola aemula (Fairy Fan-flower or Common Fan-flower) is a small shrub in the family Goodeniaceae native to southern Australia. It grows to 50 cm in height and produces white or blue flowers in spikes up to 24 cm long from August to March in its native range.
 Frithia is a genus of plant in family Aizoaceae. Like several of its close relatives (e.g. Fenestraria) and other plants in its ecotype (e.g. some species of Haworthia and Bulbine) it has leaf-windows as an adaptation to the difficulties of photosynthesis in its arid environment. The genus contains the following species: Frithia pulchra N.E.Br. Frithia humilis Burgoyne.
 'Discovery' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Tillandsia in the Bromeliad family.
 Acacia flexifolia commonly known as Bent-leaf Wattle is a shrub species that is endemic to eastern Australia. The Flowering season for the Acacia Flexifolia is roughly May to October.
 Melica uniflora commonly known as wood melick is a species of grass in the family Poaceae that is native to much of Europe and to parts of South West Asia and North Africa.
 For the 2nd century BC grammarian sometimes thought to be named Anagallis see Agallis.Anagallis is a genus of about 20–25 species of flowering plants in the family Myrsinaceae commonly called pimpernel and perhaps best known for the scarlet pimpernel referred to in literature.
 Phalaenopsis deliciosa is a species of orchid occurring from the Indian subcontinent to Malesia.
 Bolbitis riparia is a species of fern in the Elaphoglossaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ocotea aciphylla is a species of Ocotea in the Lauraceae plant family. It forms a tree 12-18 m tall. It has small hermaphrodite flowers of 3-4 mm long. It is found in the Amazon river basin mostly to 1200 m.
 Coccinia grandis the ivy gourd also known as baby watermelon little gourd gentleman's toes tindora or sometimes inaccurately identified as gherkin is a tropical vine. It is also known as Cephalandra indica and Coccinia indica.
 Sempervivum arachnoideum sometimes known as cobweb houseleek is a species of flowering plant in the family Crassulaceae native to the Alps Apennines and Carpathians. Growing to 8 cm (3 in) tall by 30 cm (12 in) wide it is a rosette-forming succulent perennial valued in cultivation for its ability to colonise hot dry areas via offsets. Its name arachnoideum refers to its furry central rosettes resembling spider webs.
 Manilkara bolivarensis is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Venezuela.
 Buddleja tucamensis is endemic to the La Paz Department of Bolivia and to the Catamarca Province of Argentina growing on rocky hillsides along streams and roads from sea level to 3300 m. The species was first named and described by Grisebach in 1874
 Mammillaria albiflora is a species of plant in the Cactaceae family. It is endemic to Mexico. Its natural habitat is hot deserts. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Amsinckia eastwoodiae is a species of fiddleneck known by the common name Eastwood's fiddleneck. It is endemic to California where it grows in the varied plant habitat of the hills mountains valleys and coastlines. Amsinckia eastwoodiae is a bristly annual herb similar in appearance to the other fiddlenecks. Its coiled inflorescence has tubular orange flowers up to 2 centimeters long and 1.5 wide at the face.
 Blue Ash redirects here. For other uses see Blue Ash (disambiguation)Fraxinus quadrangulata (Blue Ash) is a species of Fraxinus native primarily to the Midwestern United States from Oklahoma to Michigan as well as the Bluegrass region of Kentucky and the Nashville Basin region of Tennessee. Isolated populations exist in Alabama Southern Ontario and small sections of the Appalachian Mountains.
 Hopea enicosanthoides is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Sarawak Malaysia. It is a Critically endangered species threatened by habitat loss.
 Hopea exalata is a species of tree in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Hainan Island in southern China and enjoys second-class national protection. Some authors consider H. exalata as a junior synonym of Hopea reticulata that is also known from Vietnam.
 Protea nitida (commonly called Wagon tree Waboom or Blousuikerbos) is a large slow-growing Protea endemic to South Africa. It is one of the few Proteas that grow into trees and the only one that has usable timber.
 Mosses is the common name for the Bryophyta a botanical division of small soft plants that are typically 1–10 cm (0.4–3.9 in) tall though some species are much larger like Dawsonia the tallest moss in the world which can grow to 50 cm (20 in) in height. They commonly grow close together in clumps or mats in damp or shady locations. They do not have flowers or seeds and their simple leaves cover the thin wiry stems.
 Acokanthera oppositifolia (syn. Toxicophlaea thunbergii Harv.) is a shrub used as the source of an arrow poison and to coat caltrops made from the sharp fruits of the puncture vine (Tribulus terrestris). All three plants of the genus Acokanthera contain toxic cardiac glycosides strong enough to cause death. This plant and other species of the genus are found in South Africa and Abyssinia.Acokanthera schimperi is employed for the same purpose.
 Schefflera actinophylla is a tree in the Araliaceae family. It is native to tropical rainforests and gallery forests in Australia (eastern Queensland and the Northern Territory) New Guinea and Java. Common names include Queensland umbrella tree octopus tree and amate.
 Cardamine corymbosa commonly known as the New Zealand Bittercress is a flowering plant in the Brassicaceae or cabbage family. Native to the subantarctic islands of Australasia it has become an invasive species in plant nurseries. The specific epithet refers to the structure of the inflorescence.
 Brahea is a genus of palms in the Arecaceae family. They are commonly referred to as Hesper Palms and are endemic to Mexico and Central America. All Hesper Palms have large fan-shaped leaves.The generic name honours Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe (1546-1601).
 Cassine laneana commonly known as the Bermuda Olivewood is a species of large tree in the staff vine family Celastraceae that is endemic to the islands of Bermuda. Although once found in the extensive subtropical coniferous forests that covered the islands it is currently restricted to small protected areas such as Spittal Pond. C. laneana can grow anywhere from 25 to 40 feet tall with 1 - 2.5 inch long and 0.5 to 1.5 inch wide leaves.
 Pleurothallis phyllocardioides is a species of orchid occurring from Central America to Bolivia.
 Calochortus persistens is a rare species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name Siskiyou mariposa lily. It is native to northern California and southern Oregon where it is known from a few populations on two peaks of the Klamath Mountains straddling the state border.
 Peritassa is a genus of plant in family Celastraceae. Species include: Peritassa killipii A. C. Sm.
 Evacidium is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Tridactyle is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Matoniaceae is one of the three families of ferns in the Gleicheniales order of the Polypodiopsida class. Fossil records reveal that Matoniaceae ferns were abundant during the Mesozoic era (about 250-million to 66-million years ago) during which they lived on every continent including Antarctica with eight genera and 26 species.
 Restrepia aspasicensium is a species of orchid occurring from Colombia to northwestern Venezuela.
 Cinna bolanderi is a species of grass known by the common names Bolander's woodreed and Sierran woodreed. It is endemic to the Sierra Nevada of California where it grows in meadows and forest especially in moist areas. It can reach two meters in height and has a spreading inflorescence of spikelets. It blooms in late summer and fall.
 Pleuraphis jamesii (syn. Hilaria jamesii) is a species of grass known by the common name James' galleta. It is native to the southwestern United States where it is widespread in scrub woodland grassland and plateau habitat. It is tolerant of arid environments such as desert floors. It is a rhizomatous perennial grass producing bunches of erect stems approximately one millimeter wide and up to about 60 centimeters in maximum height.
 Anthurium balslevii is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Amyema is a genus of semi-parasitic shrubs (mistletoes) which occur in Malesia and Australia.
 Petroravenia is a genus of plants in the Brassicaceae first described in 1994. There are to date only two species proposed as members of the genus:Petroravenia eseptata Al-Shehbaz from ArgentinaandPetroravenia friesii (O.E. Schulz) Al-Shehbaz from ChileThe genus Petroravenia was named in honor of Peter H. Raven President Emeritus of the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis.
 Brunfelsia jamaicensis is a species of flowering plant in the family Solanaceae the nightshades. It is endemic to Jamaica where it grows in mountain forests above 1400 meters in elevation.
 Pitcairnia fusca is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Chevalierella is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Dolichopsis is a small genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
 The caigua (pronounced kai-wa) is a herbaceous vine grown for its edible fruit which is predominantly used as a vegetable. Caigua is known from cultivation only and its large fruit size as compared to closely related wild species suggests that the caigua is a fully domesticated crop. Its use goes back many centuries as evidenced by ancient phytomorphic ceramics from Peru depicting the fruits.
 Peucedanum sandwicense is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name makou. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known from Maui Molokai Kauai and Oahu. It is threatened by introduced species of plants and animals. It is a federally listed threatened species of the United States.This is a perennial herb which grows up to a meter tall or possibly more. The caudex has a ring of fleshy roots.
 Hippeastrum correiense is a flowering perennial herbaceous bulbous plant in the Amaryllidaceae family native to Brazil.
 Dieteria is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 The Bryopsida constitute the largest class of mosses containing 95% of all moss species. It consists of approximately 11500 species common throughout the whole world.The group is distinguished by having spore capsules with teeth that are arthrodontous; the teeth are separate from each other and jointed at the base where they attach to the opening of the capsule. These teeth are exposed when the covering operculum falls off.
 Annona ekmanii is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Cuba.
 Chamaecyparis formosensis (Formosan Cypress; Chinese: 紅檜/红桧 hong kuai) is a species of Chamaecyparis endemic to Taiwan where it grows in the central mountains at moderate to high altitudes of 1000–2900 m. It is threatened by habitat loss and over-cutting for its valuable timber.
 Grevillea aspera commonly known as the rough grevillea is a shrub native to central Australia.
 Luzonia is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
 'Peregrine' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Neoregelia in the Bromeliad family.
 Rhytidosporum is a genus of flowering plants within the family Pittosporaceae.The species which are endemic to Australia include:Rhytidosporum alpinum McGill.Rhytidosporum diosmoides (Putt.) L.Cayzer Crisp & I.TelfordRhytidosporum inconspicuum L.Cayzer Crisp & I.TelfordRhytidosporum procumbens (Hook.) F.Muell. - White MarianthRhytidosporum prostratum McGill.↑
 Panicum socotranum is a species of grass in the Poaceae family.It is found only in Yemen.
 Oncidium longipes is a species of orchid occurring from Brazil to northeastern Argentina.
 Gratwickia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Persoonia acerosa is a shrub native to New South Wales in eastern Australia.
 Dryobalanops beccarii or Kapur Keladan is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. The species is named after Odoardo Beccari 1843-1920 an Italian explorer and botanist. It is found in Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo. It is a large emergent tree up to 65 m tall found in mixed dipterocarp forests on shallow leached soils over both sandstone and shale. It is a heavy hardwood sold under the trade names of Kapur.
 Hunteria ghanensis is a species of small to medium tree of the Apocynaceae family. It is endemic to Ghana where it grows inland in the dry forests of the Guinean forest-savanna mosaic. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cotoneaster pannosus (commonly known as silverleaf cotoneaster') is a species of cotoneaster known by the common name silverleaf cotoneaster. This woody shrub is native to south central China but it has been introduced to other areas of the world including southern Africa and Australia as an ornamental. It has become naturalized in some areas but it is a troublesome noxious weed in others for example in Hawaii. This is a sprawling shrub easily reaching over 3 meters in height.
 Solidago patula is a species of goldenrod found in wetlands especially swamps fens & sedge meadows. It is native to most of the eastern United States as far west as Wisconsin and Texas. There are two subspecies.
 Lupinus arboreus yellow bush lupine (USA) or tree lupin (UK) is a species of flowering plant in the legume family Fabaceae native to California where it is widely distributed among coastal scrub and sand dunes. Because it has been widely introduced there is some uncertainty about its native range; it is thought to be native from Point Reyes National Seashore south to San Luis Obispo County.
 Billbergia stenopetala is a species of the genus Billbergia. This species is native to Ecuador.
 Zingiber barbatum Sm.(Meik-thalin or Meik tha-lin) is a medicinal therapeutic ginger found in Myanmar.
 Bulbophyllum fimbriatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Atriplex acanthocarpa is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common names armed saltbush tubercled saltbush and huaha. It is native to North America where it is limited to the US states of Arizona New Mexico and Texas and adjacent Mexico.This species is a shrub or subshrub producing stems with woody bases growing up to about a meter tall by a meter wide. It has a woody root. It is evergreen the leaves persisting through the seasons.
 Oroxylum indicum is a species of flowering plant belonging to the family Bignoniaceae commonly called midnight horror oroxylum kampong or Indian trumpet flower. It is a tree which can reach a height of 12 metres (39 ft).
 Shorea megistophylla is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Psychotria guerkeana is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to São Tomé and Príncipe.
 Abrus is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family Fabaceae and the only genus found in the Tribe Abreae. It contains 13–18 species but is best known for a single species Jequirity (A. precatorius). The highly toxic seeds of that species are used to make jewellery.
 Acanthostachys strobilacea is a species of the genus Acanthostachys. This species is native to Brazil Paraguay and Argentina.
 Cimicifuga (bugbane or cohosh) is a genus of between 12-18 species of flowering plants belonging to the family Ranunculaceae native to temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere.The genus is closely related to Actaea and many botanists include it in that genus; if included the number of species in Actaea rises from 8 to 20-26.The name Cimicifuga means 'bedbug repeller'.
 Lycopodolica is a genus of extinct plants of the Late Silurian (Přídolí around 430 to 420 million years ago). Fossils were found in the Rashkov Beds in Podolia in modern Ukraine. Plants there are preserved as compressions without internal detail. Lycopodolica had stems (axes) which appear to have branched and which are covered with lax hair- or thread-like outgrowths. Considered to be a lycophyte Lycopodolica differs from Baragwanathia in the nature of its outgrowths or enations.
 Eugenia camptophylla is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Solidago gigantea common name Giant Goldenrod is a plant species in the genus Solidago. Its common name is giant goldenrod in reference to its height of up to 2 m tall rather large for the genus. It is a widespread species known from most of non-arctic North America east of the Rocky Mountains. It has been reported from every state and province from Alberta to Nova Scotia to Florida to Texas. Solidago gigantea is the state flower of Kentucky and Nebraska.
 Aglaia rufibarbis is a small tree in the Meliaceae family. It grows up to 5 metres (20 ft) tall with a trunk diameter of up to 5 centimetres (2 in). The bark is usually grey and pale brown sometimes dark brown. The fruits are roundish up to 2 cm (1 in) in diameter. The specific epithet rufibarbis is from the Latin meaning red beard referring to the reddish brown hairs of the indumentum. Habitat is mixed dipterocarp forests from 100 metres (300 ft) to 250 metres (800 ft) altitude. A.
 Rhodopis is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
 Pradosia montana is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Diarrhena is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Lepidozamia peroffskyana is a palm-like cycad in the Zamiaceae family. It is endemic to eastern Australia. The species is named after Count Peroffsky (1794-1857) benefactor of the St. Petersburg Botanical Garden.
 Pachystegia insignis is a species of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Posidonia coriacea is a species of seagrass that occurs in the southern waters of Australia.
 Sterculia is a genus of flowering plants in the mallow family Malvaceae. It was previously placed in the now obsolete Sterculiaceae. Members of the genus are colloquially known as tropical chestnuts.
 Anemone riparia (Thimble weed) is an upright growing herbaceous plant species in the genus Anemone and family Ranunculaceae. Plants grow 30–100 centimetres (12–39 in) tall flowering early summer but often found flowering till mid August the flowers are greenish-white white or even sometimes red tinted 2–3 centimetres (0.79–1.18 in) wide. After flowering the fruits are produced in a dense rounded to rounded columned heads 8 millimetres (0.31 in) thick.
 Quercus macranthera commonly called the Caucasian oak or the Persian oak is a species of deciduous tree native to Western Asia (northern Iran Turkey;and in the Caucasus in Georgia Armenia and Azerbaijan) that is occasionally grown as an ornamental tree in Europe growing to 30 meters tall.
 Aloe thraskii is a plant in the genus Aloe. It is commonly known as the Dune Aloe. These plants are naturally found in dune vegetation along the coast of KwaZulu-Natal and the Eastern Cape of South Africa.
 Cassiope is a genus of 9-12 small shrubby species in the family Ericaceae. They are native to the Arctic and north temperate montane regions. The genus is named after Cassiopeia of Greek mythology. Common names shared with several other similar related genera include heather and heath. They have scale-like leaves lying against the stems and produce solitary bell-shaped flowers in late Spring. Though hardy flowers can be damaged by late frosts.
 Omalanthus populifolius the Bleeding Heart or Queensland poplar is an Australian rainforest plant. It often appears in areas of rainforest disturbance. Bleeding Heart is highly regarded by rainforest regenerators because of its fast growth and use as a pioneer species in rainforest regeneration.Bleeding Heart grows from the coastal border of New South Wales and Victoria (36° S) north to Coen Queensland (13° S) in the tropics.
 Aglaia membranifolia is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family. It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
 Saxifraga globulifera is a flowering plant of the genus Saxifraga and the family Saxifragaceae.
 Masdevallia meleagris is a species of orchid endemic to Colombia.
 Tillandsia ionochroma is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Bolivia and Ecuador.
 Echinopsis chiloensis is a species of cacti native to South America; genus members are known as hedgehog cacti sea-urchin cactus or Easter lily cactus. This species E chiloensis is tree-like with branching structures beginning basally. This plant can attain a height of eight metres. An example occurrence is within the La Campana National Park in Chile.
 Schlegeliaceae is a family of plants native to tropical America. This family is sometimes included in Scrophulariaceae.
 Carmichaelia stevensonii the Cord Broom or Weeping Broom is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in New Zealand.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Trichopus is a genus of two species of flowering plants. These plants were formerly included in the family Trichopodaceae but are now considered to belong to Dioscoreaceae.
 Bulbophyllum pinicolum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Moonia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Miconia medusa is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Salvia 'Jean's Purple Passion' is a Salvia cultivar discovered at Cabrillo College in Aptos California. It was found growing between Salvia gesneriflora 'Tequila' and Salvia mexicana who are presumed to be its parents. It is named for Jean Coria a gardening enthusiast who propagated many species in the genus Salvia for many years at Strybing Arboretum.It has large vibrant violet flowers and grows 6 ft (1.8 m) or more in height.
 Alseodaphne macrantha is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Scherya is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Hymenophyllum contractile is a species of fern in the Hymenophyllaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Musgravea heterophylla commonly known as the briar oak is a species of rainforest tree of the family Proteaceae from north-eastern Queensland. It was described in 1969 by Lindsay Stewart Smith having been collected near Kuranda.
 Banksia sessilis var. cordata is a variety of Banksia sessilis (Parrot Bush) with unusually large leaves and flower heads. It is a rare variety that is restricted to the extreme south-west corner of Western Australia.
 Antirhea aromatica is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Mexico. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Orthophytum triunfense is a species of the genus Orthophytum. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Hystrichophora is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Trousseau Gris is a French variety of white wine grape. It is occasionally found in eastern France and was once widely grown in California under the name Gray Riesling. In cool climates it can produce fresh aromatic wines. It needs gentle handling and careful winemaking to bring out its best.It is a white mutation of the red Trousseau grape.
 'Luke' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Tillandsia in the Bromeliad family.
 Celtis australis commonly known as the European nettle tree Mediterranean hackberry lote tree or honeyberry is a deciduous tree endemic to southern Europe North Africa and Asia Minor. The tree was introduced to England in 1796.
 Picea smithiana the Morinda Spruce or West Himalayan Spruce is a spruce native to the western Himalaya and adjacent mountains from northeast Afghanistan east India to central Nepal. It grows at altitudes of 2400-3600 m in forests together with Deodar Cedar Blue Pine and Pindrow Fir.Picea smithiana is a large evergreen tree growing to 40–55 m tall (exceptionally to 60 m) and with a trunk diameter of up to 1–2 m.
 Lavandula latifolia known as Spike lavender or Portuguese lavender is a flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae native to the western Mediterranean region from central Portugal to northern Italy (Liguria) through Spain and southern France. Hybridization can occur in the wild with English lavender (Lavandula angustifolia).The scent of Lavandula latifolia is stronger with more camphor and more pungent than Lavandula angustifolia scent.
 Scalesia retroflexa is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ānini (Eurya sandwicensis) is a species of flowering plant in the Camellia family Theaceae that is endemic to Hawaiʻi. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Justicia riparia (syn. Beloperone mollis Nees) is a plant native of Cerrado vegetation of Brazil.
 Plateilema is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Elaeocarpus subvillosus is a species of flowering plant in the Elaeocarpaceae family.It is found only in Sri Lanka.
 Pitcairnia nematophora is a species of the genus Pitcairnia. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Bulbophyllum devogelii is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Tabernaemontana stapfiana grows as a medium-sized tree. Its flowers feature white with yellow-throated corolla lobes. Fruit is fleshy grey-green in pairs each up to 20 centimetres (7.9 in) in diameter and weighing up to several kilograms. Vernacular names for the plant include soccerball fruit. Habitat is montane evergreen forests from 700 metres (2300 ft) to 2000 metres (6600 ft) altitude. The plant is native to Tanzania Burundi Malawi Mozambique and Zimbabwe.
 Sarcotheca ochracea is a species of plant in the Oxalidaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Herpolirion is a genus of perennial herbs in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae subfamily Hemerocallidoideae. The sole species is Herpolirion novae-zelandiae commonly known as Sky Lily. It is native to New Zealand as well as the states of New South Wales Victoria and Tasmania in Australia.The species was first formally described in 1853 by Joseph Dalton Hooker based on specimens collected by William Colenso from the plains near Taupo on the North Island of New Zealand.
 Cycas ferruginea is a plant species native to Vietnam and to the Guangxi region of China. It grows on rocky crevices in forested areas at elevations of 200-500 m.Cycas ferruginea has pinnate leaves up to 2 m long. Seeds are brown egg-shaped up to 3 cm long.
 Alcantarea nahoumii is a species of the genus Alcantarea. This species is native to Brazil.
 Bulbophyllum chrysotes is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Pseudeminia is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae. It comes from 4 species in tropical Africa.
 Acianthera papillosa is a species of orchid.
 Syzygium palghatense is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to India. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Polygala californica is a species of flowering plant in the milkwort family known by the common name California milkwort. It is native to southwestern Oregon and northern and central California where it grows in the coastal mountain ranges in local habitat types such as chaparral and forest. It is a perennial herb producing spreading stems generally decumbent in form up to about 35 centimeters in maximum length lined with narrow oval leaves each a few centimeter long.
 'Hugo' is a cultivar of the Bromeliad species Neoregelia concentrica.
 Stereochlaena is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Semecarpus subpeltata is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Coreopsis basalis (Golden-mane Coreopsis) is a plant species of the genus Coreopsis in Asteraceae. Coreopsis species are commonly called tick seeds. These annuals grow 10–50+ cm tall with yellow flower heads marked in red-brown to purple near the base of the ray laminae blooming in spring and early summer. They are native to the south central and south eastern states of the USA.
 Schinus polygamus Cabrera Hardee peppertree is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family which is not native to California.
 Geranium sylvaticum (wood cranesbill woodland geranium) is a species of hardy flowering plant in the Geraniaceae family native to Europe and northern Turkey. Growing to 75 cm (30 in) tall by 60 cm (24 in) wide it is a mound-forming herbaceous perennial with deeply cut and toothed 7-lobed basal leaves. In summer flowers are borne on stalks with ruffs of leaves.
 Chorizanthe obovata is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name spoonsepal spineflower. It is endemic to California where it grows in the mountains of the Central Coast Range from Monterey to Santa Barbara Counties. Chorizanthe obovata grows in chaparral and woodland habitat. The plant is variable in appearance growing prostrate or erect its stem up to 40 centimeters long. The herbage is red to gray-green in color and hairy in texture.
 Salvia tubiflora is a perennial native to a small area of western Peru and northern Chile near the tropic of Capricorn growing at elevations from 800 feet (240 m) to 1600 feet (490 m).Salvia tubiflora grows up to 9 feet (2.7 m) tall and 3 feet (0.91 m) wide with heart shaped yellow-green leaves that reach 4 inches (10 cm) long and 2 inches (5.1 cm) wide. The undersides have prominent veins with tiny hairs arranged in rows.
 The Bois Bouchon (Retrophyllum minor) is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.It is found only in New Caledonia. It is a sparsely branched small tree with a flared trunk which tapers towards the top and has rough bark. It produdes pear-shaped fruits that are dark-red when mature.The species occurs near rivers and lakes of the Plaine des Lakes in the south of Grande Terre.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Petalophyllaceae is a family of liverworts in the order Metzgeriales. Most species are small and thallose but the thallus is typically ruffled to give the appearance of being leafy.
 Dipterocarpus verrucosus is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae endemic to Brunei Indonesia (Kalimantan Sumatra) Malaysia (peninsular Malaysia Sabah Sarawak). It is locally common on ridges in mixed dipterocarp forest. The keruing timber is exploited in particular in Brunei and peninsular Malaysia.
 Aegilops speltoides (syn. Sitopsis speltoides (Tausch) Á.Löve) is an edible plant in the Poaceae family native to Southeastern Europe and Western Asia which is often used for animal feed and it has grown in cultivated beds. This plant is an important natural source disease resistance in wheat and it is known or likely to be susceptible to barley mild mosaic bymovirus.
 Abronia mellifera is a species of sand verbena known by the common name white sand verbena. This is a perennial plant endemic to the Northwestern United States in Idaho Wyoming Oregon Washington and Utah.
 Begonia compacticaulis is a species of plant in the Begoniaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Prunus ramburii is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family. It is endemic to Spain. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Tecophilaea cyanocrocus (Chilean blue crocus) is a flowering perennial plant that is native to Chile growing at 2000 to 3000 m (6600 to 9800 ft) elevation on dry stony slopes in the Andes mountains. Although it had survived in cultivation due to its use as a greenhouse and landscape plant it was believed to be extinct in the wild due to overcollecting overgrazing and general destruction of habitat until it was rediscovered in 2001.
 Saurauia magnifica is a species of plant in the Actinidiaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Clusia polystigma is a species of flowering plant in the Clusiaceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Delphinium inopinum is a species of larkspur known by the common name unexpected larkspur. It is endemic to the Sierra Nevada of California where it is known mostly from rocky areas in open temperate coniferous forest habitat.
 Cyrtococcum is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Barringtonia asiatica (Fish Poison Tree Putat or Sea Poison Tree) is a species of Barringtonia native to mangrove habitats on the tropical coasts and islands of the Indian Ocean and western Pacific Ocean from Zanzibar east to Taiwan the Philippines Fiji New Caledonia Solomon Islands the Cook Islands Wallis and Futuna and French Polynesia. It is grown along streets for decorative and shade purposes in some parts of India for instance in some towns on southeastern shore.
 Horsfieldia samarensis is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is endemic to the Philippines.
 Centaurium calycosum is a species of flowering plant in the gentian family known by the common name Arizona centaury. It is native to northern Mexico and the southwestern United States where it grows in moist places in otherwise dry habitat such as riverbanks. This is an erect biennial herb growing up to half a meter tall. The widely lance-shaped leaves appear in a basal rosette and along the slender stem each up to 7 centimeters long.
 Gustavia excelsa is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.It is found only in Colombia.
 Geissomeria ciliata is a plant native of Cerrado vegetation of Brazil. This plant grows in Uberlândia city state of Minas Gerais.
 Eriogonum cithariforme is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name cithara buckwheat. It is endemic to the mountains of southern California where it grows in sandy areas in a number of local habitat types such as chaparral. It is an annual herb growing up to about half a meter in maximum height with a spreading or erect flowering stem with many upcurved branches. The wavy woolly leaves are round to oval in shape and are mainly located about the base of the stem.
 Ascochilus is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 The Oʻahu beggarticks or poplar-leaved Bidens (Bidens populifolia) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae. It belongs to the genus Bidens collectively called kokoʻolau or koʻokoʻolau in the Hawaiian language. It is found only in the Koʻolau Range on Oʻahu.Its natural habitat are montane tropical moist forests tropical moist shrubland and rocky areas. It is threatened by habitat loss due to the spread of invasive weeds and overgrazing.
 Pseudovanilla is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae) belonging to the subfamily Vanilloideae.
 Pandanus ceylanicus is a monocot species of plant in the Pandanaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka. It is a Prostrate shrub.
 Bulbophyllum otoglossum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Peteria thompsoniae is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names spine-noded milkvetch and Thompson's peteria. It is native to the western United States where it grows in salt desert shrublands in soils of volcanic ash origin and in alluvial fans. It is a spiny perennial herb growing from a taproot and rhizome system its stem growing 20 to 60 centimeters tall. The leaves are made up of several pairs of oval leaflets.
 Mercurialis perennis commonly known as dog's mercury is a woodland plant found in much of Europe but almost absent from Ireland Orkney and Shetland. A member of the spurge family (Euphorbiaceae) it is a herbaceous downy perennial with erect stems bearing simple serrate leaves. The dioecious inflorescences are green bearing inconspicuous flowers in March and April. It characteristically forms dense extensive carpets on the floor of woodlands and beneath hedgerows.
 Agrostis humilis is a species of grass known by the common names of mountain bent grass and alpine bentgrass which can be found in Western United States and Canada.
 Inula racemosa is a species of an ornamental plant of the Asteraceae family. Inula racemosa grows in the temperate and alpine western Himalayas and it is common in Kashmir. The roots are widely used locally in indigenous medicine as an expectorant and in veterinary medicine as a tonic.
 Vaccinium deliciosum is a species of bilberry known by the common names Cascade bilberry Cascade blueberry and blueleaf huckleberry. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to Idaho to northern California. It grows at elevations of 600–2000 metres (2000–6600 ft) in subalpine and alpine climates. Its habitat includes coniferous forests and meadows.
 Dinochloa is a genus of about 20 species of tropical clumping high-climbing bamboo. These species bear zigzag culms and fleshy fruits. They are found in the hill forests and lowland dipterocarp forest of Malesia.
 Miconia prominens is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Podocarpus grayae is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family endemic to Australia.It is found only in the Northern Territory and Queensland
 The Loganiaceae are a family of flowering plants classified in order Gentianales. The family includes 13 genera distributed around the world's tropics.Earlier treatments of the family have included up to 29 genera.
 Agalinis auriculata is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common names earleaf false foxglove auriculate false foxglove and earleaf gerardia. It is native to the United States where it occurs from Minnesota to New Jersey to the southern states.This plant is a hairy annual herb producing a stiff stem up to 90 centimeters tall. The flowers are pink with purple spots and they bloom in July through September.
 Salix triandra with the common names almond willow or almond-leaved willow is a species of willow native to Europe and Western and Central Asia. It is found from southeastern England east to Lake Baikal and south to Spain and the Mediterranean east to the Caucasus and the Alborz Mountains. It usually grows in riparian habitats on river and stream banks and in wetlands.
 Pitcairnia monticola is a species of the genus Pitcairnia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Celosia virgata or albahaca is found in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands but not in the continental United States. It is a perennial subshrub.
 Acritochaete is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Alstonia venenata is an important ethnobotanical plant of the Apocynaceae family. It grows as a shrub or small tree in low to mid elevation deciduous forests of India. The bark of the plant and sometimes the fruit are used for medicinal purposes.
 Pseudospongiococcum is a genus of algae in the family Chlorococcaceae.
 Reldia multiflora is a species of plant in the Gesneriaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Aechmea bambusoides is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Amsonia is a genus of flowering plants in the dogbane family Apocynaceae. It is named in honor of the American physician John Amson. Members of the genus are commonly known as bluestars.
 Pedicularis semibarbata known by the common name pinewoods lousewort is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family. It is native to California and Nevada. It can often be found in coniferous forests of the Peninsular Ranges Sierra Nevada and Transverse Ranges.
 Alocasia macrorrhizos is a species of flowering plant in the arum family Araceae that it is native to rainforests from Malaysia to Queensland and has long been cultivated on many Pacific islands and elsewhere in the tropics. Common names include Giant Taro and Elephant Ear Taro while words for the plant in the various Polynesian languages include Kape (Niuean Tongan) Ape (Cook Islands Māori Tahitian Hawaiian) ta'amu in Samoan language and Pulaka (Tuvalu).
 Trilepisium is a genus of plant in family Moraceae. Species include: Trilepisium gymnandrum (Baker) J.Gerlach
 Hildebrandtia is also a genus of frogs.Hildebrandtia (Vatke 1876) is a plant genus in family Convolvulaceae.
 Galium ehrenbergii is a plant that was first described by Pierre Edmond Boissier. In 1884 Henry Baker Tristram found G. ehrenbergii in Jisr el Hajar Lebanon. It is also found in Syria.
 Hyperbaena is a genus of plant in family Menispermaceae.
 Castilleja parviflora is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name mountain Indian paintbrush. It is native to western North America from Alaska to California where it grows in high mountain habitat including areas of alpine climate.
 Didymocistus chrysadenius is a species of the family Phyllanthaceae. Its genus Didymocistus is monotypic and it is recently described from Amazonia.
 Ptilostemon (syn. Chamaepeuce DC.) is a genus of the botanical family Asteraceae.
 Turbinicarpus jauernigii is a species of plant in the Cactaceae family. It is endemic to Mexico. Its natural habitat is hot deserts. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ephedra intermedia with the Chinese common name of Zhong Ma Huang is a species of Ephedra that is native to Southwest Asia the Middle East Central Asia and South Asia. DescriptionEphedra intermedia is found in deserts grasslands floodlands and river valleys slopes and cliffs and sandy beaches. It grows at elevations of 100–4600 metres (330–15090 ft) in rocky or sandy dry habitats.The plant grows to 1 metre (3.3 ft) tall.
 Homalium ogoouense is a species of plant in the Salicaceae family. It is endemic to Gabon.
 Proteales is the botanical name of an order of flowering plants. Such an order has been recognized by almost all taxonomists.
 Guzmania acuminata is a species of the genus Guzmania. This species is native to Ecuador.
 Acioa is a genus of plants in the Chrysobalanaceae family. It contains the following species: Acioa edulis Acioa guyanensis Acioa schultesii Acioa somnolens↑
 Phacelia douglasii is a species of phacelia known by the common name Douglas' phacelia. It is endemic to California where it grows coastal and inland mountains and foothills the Central Valley and the western Mojave Desert.
 Simira is a genus of plant in family Rubiaceae. It contains the following species (which list may be incomplete): Simira standleyi (Little)Steyerm. Simira wurdackii Steyerm.
 Flabellidium is a genus of moss in family Brachytheciaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Flabellidium spinosum Herzog
 Rumex crispus (curly dock or yellow dock) is a perennial flowering plant in the family Polygonaceae native to Europe and Western Asia.
 Stylidium spathulatum is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Stylidium (family Stylidiaceae). The species is informally named the Creamy Triggerplant for the colour of its flowers. The flowers are yellowish-white and appear between October and January. These are presented on a scape 0.05 to 0.5 metres above the ground which is glandular at the base and glabrous on the upper parts. The leaves are spathulate or inversely lance-shaped tufted and spread out just above ground level.
 Teucrium glandulosum is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name desert germander. It is native to the Sonoran Desert of Arizona and Baja California its distribution extending just into California. It grows in rocky desert habitat such as canyons. The plant produces three-lobed leaves on its branching stem. The flowers have purple-streaked white corollas up to 2 centimeters long each with a large lower lobe and smaller lateral lobes.
 Lupinus nubigenus is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Stipagrostis is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Mitranthes is a genus of plant in family Myrtaceae. Species include: Mitranthes clarendonensis (Proctor) Proctor Mitranthes macrophylla Proctor Mitranthes nivea Proctor
 In plant taxonomy commelinids (plural not capitalised) is a name used by the APG III system for a clade within the monocots which in its turn is a clade within the angiosperms. The commelinids are the only clade that the APG has informally named within the monocots. The remaining monocots are a paraphyletic unit.Members of the commelinid clade have cell walls containing UV-fluorescent ferulic acid.
 The flowering shrub Acalypha californica is known as the California copperleaf and sometimes by the older name Pringle three-seeded mercury. It is the only Acalypha species native to California where it is most abundant in the hills of San Diego County. It is a member of the chaparral plant community.The plant bears hairy juicy toothed leaves which despite the plant's common name are light green never copper in color.
 Pediomelum californicum is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name California Indian breadroot. It is endemic to California where it grows in the chaparral and woodlands of the coastal mountain ranges. It is a perennial herb with no stem or a short stem that is mostly underground leaving the plant at ground level. The compound leaves are each made up of five to seven oval leaflets which may be nearly 3 centimeters long.
 Roridula (/rɒˈrɪdjʊlə/; from Latin roridus dewy) is a South African genus of plants that while having many of the adaptations of a carnivorous plant such as the possession of insect-trapping sticky hairs does not directly digest the animals it traps. Instead it has a mutualistic relationship with Pameridea roridulae a species of capsid bug which lives on the plant and feeds on the trapped insects. The plant obtains nutrients from the droppings of this symbiotic insect.
 Paphiopedilum dayanum is a species of orchid endemic to Mount Kinabalu on Borneo.
 Codonocalyx was a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family but is no longer recognized. It has been sunk into synonymy with Psychotria.
 The tribe Detarieae is one of the subdivisions of the plant family Fabaceae (the family which includes the legumes). This tribe includes many tropical trees some of which are used for timber or have ecological importance. The tribe consists of 81 genera 53 of which are native to Africa. Pride of Burma (Amherstia nobilis) and tamarind (Tamarindus indica) are two of the most notable species in Detarieae.
 Gaussia maya is a palm which is native to Mexico Belize and Guatemala. The species grows in rocky areas on limestone soils. The species is classified as vulnerable and is threatened by habitat destruction and degradation.Gaussia maya are 5 to 20 metres tall. Stems are gray 10 to 15 (sometimes 30) centimetres in diameter. Trees have six to eight pinnately compound leaves. Fruit are red 1 to 1.5 cm in diameter. Stems are used for construction.
 Mansoa difficilis is a species of neotropical liana in the Trumpet-creeper family. It is native to Brazil Argentina and Paraguay. Its flowers range in colour from fuchsia to purple.
 Dicercoclados is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Colutea arborescens is a species of leguminous shrub known by the common name bladder senna. It is native to Europe and North Africa but it is known on other continents where it is grown as an ornamental and used in landscaping for erosion control. It is also known in the wild as an occasionally weedy escapee from cultivation. The shrub takes a rounded form and has many branches covered in deciduous leaves.
 Cosmos is a genus with the same common name of Cosmos of about 20–26 species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae.
 Amorpha californica is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name California false indigo. It is native to California Arizona and northern Baja California where it grows in the California chaparral and woodlands and other chaparral and oak woodlands habitats.
 Jeffreya is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Trollius europaeus (globe-flower) is a perennial plant of the family Ranunculaceae. The plant is native to Europe and Western Asia and is a protected species in Bulgaria.
 Grevillea molyneuxii is a shrub which is endemic to New South Wales in Australia.
 Polystachya farinosa is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family. It is found in Cameroon and São Tomé and Príncipe. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dichaea is a genus of plant in family Orchidaceae. It contains about 100 species native to tropical America.
 Spermolepis hawaiiensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Hawaii scaleseed. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known from the islands of Kauai Maui Oahu Molokai Lanai and Hawaii. It is threatened by the degradation of its habitat and it is a federally listed endangered species.This plant is an annual herb producing a slender erect stem up to 20 centimeters tall and bears small white flowers.
 Neoregelia lilliputiana is a species of the genus Neoregelia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Thomandersia is the sole genus in the Thomandersiaceae an African family of flowering plants. Thomandersia is a genus of shrubs and small trees with six species endemic to Central and West Africa. Synonym: Scytanthus T. Anderson ex Benth. & Hook.f.
 Acalypha ciliata is a species in the botanical family Euphorbiaceae. It occurs widely in Africa where it is eaten as a vegetable or fed to animals. In West Africa and East Africa it is used as a medicinal plant.
 Nymphaeaceae /ˌnɪmfiːˈeɪsiː/ is a family of flowering plants. Members of this family are commonly called water lilies and live as rhizomatous aquatic herbs in temperate and tropical climates around the world. The family contains eight large-flowered genera with about 70 species. The genus Nymphaea contains about 35 species in the Northern Hemisphere. The genus Victoria contains two species of giant water lilies endemic to South America.
 Viola pubescens often called Downy yellow violet is a plants species of the genus Viola. It is found in dry mixed and deciduous woodland areas of the United States and Canada; from Minnesota and Ontario to Nova Scotia South to Virginia. It grows 6 to 10 inches tall and is a stemmed viola with stems that have leaves it blooms from April through May.
 Falcataria is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Mimosoideae.
 Yvesia is a monotypic genus of grass in the Poaceae family. The sole species is Yvesia madagascariensis.
 Puya brittoniana is a species of the genus Puya. It is a spiny plant from the same family as the pineapple. This species is endemic to Bolivia.
 Buddleja davidii var. alba is endemic to central and western China. The plant has also been treated as a form and a cultivar ('Alba'). However Anthonius Leeuwenberg sank var. alba and the other five varieties of davidii as synonyms considering them to be within the natural variation of a species a treatment also adopted in the Flora of China published in 1996.
 Echinomastus johnsonii (syn. Sclerocactus johnsonii) is a species of cactus known by the common names Johnson's beehive cactus and Johnson's fishhook cactus. It is native to the southwestern United States from eastern California to Utah where it can be found in desert scrub habitat. It produces an egg-shaped or cylindrical stem up to 25 centimeters tall by 10 wide.
 The Fine-leaf Wadara Cachimbo Caspi Cachimbo Capa De Tabaco Coco Cabuyo or Tauari (Couratari guianensis) is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia Costa Rica French Guiana Guyana Panama Peru Suriname and Venezuela.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Salvia munzii is a species of sage known by the common name Munz's sage (named for California botanist Philip A. Munz). It is native to northern Baja California Mexico and it can be found in a few locations just north of the border in San Diego County California. It is a member of the coastal sage scrub and chaparral plant communities.
 Brunnera is a genus of flowering plants in the family Boraginaceae. They are rhizomatous perennials native to the woodlands of Eastern Europe and North West Asia. They have hairy leaves and sprays of blue flowers in Spring. Numerous cultivars are available which are valued as groundcover in dappled shade. Some possess variegated foliage. The best known species is Brunnera macrophylla (Siberian bugloss).
 The Eremosphaeraceae are a family of algae in the order Chlorellales.
 Myosotis decumbens is a plant species of the genus Myosotis.
 Wrightia viridiflora is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family. It is endemic to Thailand.
 Buddleja davidii 'White Profusion' is probably the most popular of the white cultivars introduced to commerce in 1945 and still regarded as one of the best. Accorded the RHS Award of Garden Merit (record 681) in 1993 the award was reaffirmed in 2010 at the conclusion of the 2008-2010 Buddleja cultivar trials at Wisley. [1]
 Luzula multiflora the Heath Wood-rush is a species of flowering plant in the rush family. It is native to North America found in Canada and all regions of the U.S. except the Southwest.
 Ilex mitis (commonly called Cape Holly African Holly Waterboom or umDuma) is a tall dense evergreen tree that is indigenous to Southern Africa. It makes an excellent fast-growing hedge for gardens - growing tall straight and dense.
 In taxonomy Platymonas is a genus of algae specifically of the Prasinophyceae (prasinophytes).
 Hazardia squarrosa is a species of shrub in the daisy family known by the common name sawtooth goldenbush. It is native to California and Baja California where it grows in coastal and inland scrub and chaparral habitats. This is a shrub of variable size from low and clumpy to sprawling over 2 metres (6 ft 7 in) tall. It is covered in thick sharply toothed leaves a few centimeters long and is generally not very hairy or woolly.
 Erica cerinthoides is a species of heath native to South Africa Lesotho and Swaziland. Common names include Fire erica Fire heath Red hairy heath Rooihaartjie or Klipheide. Throughout its range the species shows marked variation in habit flower characteristics and hairiness . A form with white flowers is found in Swaziland and the South African province of Mpumalanga while the variety E. cerinthoides var. barbertona has shorter flowers.
 Calitor or Calitor noir is a red French wine grape variety. It was previously widely cultivated in southern France in particular in Provence but is now very rare almost extinct. Historically used as mainly a blending variety Calitor gives high yields and produces a light-bodied and lightly colored wine. When grown on hillside sites it can give a wine of character.Calitor is a very old variety that was first noted growing in southern France in 1600.
 Cipura is a genus of eight species of perennial herbaceous and bulbous plants in the Iris family (Iridaceae) related to the genus Cypella. The plants are widely distributed in tropical Central and South America.
 Myristica ornata is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 Mammea is a flowering plant genus with about 50 species in the family Calophyllaceae. Its members are evergreen trees having edible one-seeded fruits. The flowers are polygamous with a globular calyx opening into two valvate sepals. There are 4 to 6 petals. Indehiscent drupes are formed containing 1 to 4 seeds.
 Osmunda angustifolia is a fern in the genus Osmunda section Plenasium. It can be found growing in East Asia.
 Dendrochilum longifolium is a species of orchid commonly known as the Long-leaved Dendrochilum.
 Eupatorium capillifolium (dogfennel) is a perennial herbaceous plant in the family Asteraceae native to southeastern North America. It is generally between 50 cm and 2 meters tall with several stems that fork from a substantial base. The stems and base are covered in leaves so dissected that they resemble green hairs coming out of the stem in fractal patterns. When crushed the leaves and flowers smell rather unpleasant.
 Ilex anomala commonly known as Kāwaʻu or ʻAiea is a species of holly that is endemic to Hawaii. It inhabits mixed mesic and wet forests at elevations of 600–1400 m (2000–4600 ft) on all main islands.
 Tillandsia velutina is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Mexico.
 Cleobulia is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
 Ilex subtriflora is a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica.
 Navia viridis is a species of the genus Navia. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Metzgeriaceae is a family of thallose liverworts in the order Metzgeriales. Species may be either monoicous or dioicous.
 Panicum havardii is a species of grass known by the common name Havard's panicgrass. It is native to North America where it occurs in northern Mexico and Texas and New Mexico in the United States.This species is a rhizomatous perennial grass with stems up to 63 inches long with an open panicle up to 15 inches long and wide. It grows on sand dunes and in arroyos where it helps to stabilize areas of open sand. It helps prevent erosion.
 Anathallis sclerophylla is a species of orchid.
 Thespis is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Crepidium ramosii (Ramos' Crepidium) is a member of the family Orchidaceae endemic to the Philippines.
 Macrozamia lomandroides is a species of plant in the Zamiaceae family. It is endemic to Australia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Tinta Cão is a red Portuguese wine grape variety that has been grown primarily in the Douro region since the sixteenth century. The vine produces very low yields which has led it close to extinction despite the high quality of wine that it can produce. Improvements in bilateral cordon training and experiments at University of California Davis have helped to sustain the variety. The vine favors cooler climates and can add finesse and complexity to a wine blend.
 Robinia neomexicana the New Mexican Locust New Mexico Southwest Desert Pink or Rose Locust) is a shrub or small tree in the subfamily Faboideae of the pea family Fabaceae.
 'Cheers' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Neoregelia in the Bromeliad family.
 Whitfieldia is a genus of plant in family Acanthaceae with about 10 species in tropical Africa.
 Thespesia lampas is a herb growing 2–3 meters. Its roots and fruits are traditionally used to treat gonorrhea and syphilis. The paste made from its roots is used by the Korku tribe of Maharashtra and Nepal to cure jaundice.
 Eupatorium japonicum called in Chinese 白头婆 bai tou po is a herbaceous plant species in Asteraceae. It is native to China Japan and Korea.
 Pitcairnia nobilis is a species of the genus Pitcairnia. This species is native to Ecuador.
 Euodia robusta is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family. It is found in Malaysia and Singapore. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Verticordia venusta is a shrub that occurs in Southwest Australia. The epithet is derived from venustus Latin for charming and refers to the flower of the plant.
 Mirbelia oxylobioides is an erect and spreading shrub in the family Fabaceae. It is endemic to Australia.
 See also Viper's Bugloss (moth) for the insect.Echium vulgare (Viper's Bugloss or Blueweed) is a species of Echium native to most of Europe and western and central Asia. It is also common in North America.It is a biennial or monocarpic perennial plant growing to 30–80 cm (12–31 in) tall with rough hairy lanceolate leaves. The flowers start pink and turn vivid blue and are 15–20 mm (0.59–0.79 in) in a branched spike with all the stamens protruding.
 Pechuel-loeschea is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae and named after the German plant collector and geographer Eduard Pechuël-Loesche.
 Eremophila maitlandii also known as Shark Bay Poverty Bush is a shrub which is native to Australia.
 Paeonia veitchii or Veitch's peony is native to a wide range of altitudes in central China. It's one of the shorter Paeonia with a raspberry-magenta flower and fine foliage.
 Cryptocoryne dewitii is a plant species belonging to the Aroid genus Cryptocoryne. It was first described in 1977 from dried herbarium material and named in honor of the Dutch botanist Hendrik de Wit.
 Castilleja brevistyla is a species of Castilleja (Indian paintbrush) known by the common name shortstyle Indian paintbrush. It is endemic to California where it grows on the grassy mountain slopes surrounding the San Joaquin Valley.
 Erysimum nervosum (syn: Erysimum grandiflorum Desf. var. nervosum (Pomel) Batt.) is a short-lived polycarpic perennial herb. It is found in many montane regions of North Africa including the Rif Mountains and Atlas Mountains in Morocco the Tell Atlas in Algeria and the Ghar-Rouban mountains in Algeria and Tunisia. Erysimum nervosum is distributed between 1000 and 3000 meters above sea level and inhabits forests scrublands and shrublands.
 The Gonocarpus of William Hamilton (Ham.) is a synonym of Combretum.Gonocarpus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Haloragaceae.
 Eriogonum nidularium is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name birdnest buckwheat. It is native to the sandy flats and dry washes of the Mojave Desert and Great Basin in the western United States where it is common and abundant. This is a distinctive annual herb producing a thin multibranched stem which curves in on itself to form a rounded tangled mass.
 Ortegocactus macdougallii is a species of cactus and the sole species of the genus Ortegocactus. The plant has a greenish-gray epidermis and black spines. It is only known from Oaxaca Mexico.
 Bulbophyllum balapiuense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Rafinesquia californica is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names California chicory and California plumeseed. It looks like a weedy daisy bearing heads of elegant white-petaled flowers. The ligules of the flowers are often striped with lavender or pink on the undersides a feature most noticeable when the heads are closed. Each fruit has a pappus of stiff white or light brown hairs.It is among the first plants to sprout up in areas recently cleared by fire.
 Bulbophyllum commersonii is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Calamus wailong is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is found native to Laos Thailand and the Yunnan region of China.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Argyranthemum frutescens the marguerite and marguerite daisy is a perennial plant known for its flowers. It is native to the Canary Islands in Macaronesia.
 Fuertesiella is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Cotyledon undulate also known as Silver crown or Silver Ruffles is a small succulent shrub up to 50 cm tall. It has unusual grey undulating leaves that give it a very sculptural shape. Cotyledon undulata is perhaps the most widely grown Cotyledon.The stems are covered with a thick white coating.The leaves are shaped like scallop shells grey-white to blue-grey with wavy edges and a powdery waxy coating over the whole leaf. The flowers are orange to yellow.
 Lannea is a genus of plant in family Anacardiaceae. Species include: Lannea acida A.Rich. Lannea alata (Engl.) Engl. Lannea ambacensis (Hiern) Engl. Lannea angolensis R.Fern. & Mendes Lannea antiscorbutica (Hiern) Engl. Lannea barteri (Oliv.) Engl. Lannea coromandelica (Houtt.) Merr. Lannea discolor (Sond.) Engl. Lannea edulis (Sond.) Engl. Lannea fruticosa (Hochst. ex A. Rich.) Engl. Lannea fulva (Engl.) Engl. Lannea gossweileri Exell & Mendonça Lannea humilis (Oliv.) Engl.
 Guatteria guentheri is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 In taxonomy the Dichotomosiphonaceae are a family of algae specifically of the Bryopsidales.
 Navia mosaica is a species of the genus Navia. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Dilabifilum is a genus of thalloid alga comprising approximately 4 species. The thalli take a crustose form. Choreonema reproduces by means of conceptacles; it produces tetraspores and dispores and carpospores. It is a source of agar.
 Trimeniaceae is a family of flowering plants. Such a family has been recognized by most taxonomists at least for the past several decades.It is a small family of one genus (or possibly two) with half-a-dozen species of woody plants bearing essential oils. The family is subtropical to tropical and found in Southeast Asia eastern Australia and the Pacific Islands.
 Steyerbromelia thomasii is a species of the genus Steyerbromelia. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 The plumleaf azalea Rhododendron prunifolium is a wild azalea that grows only in a few counties along the Georgia–Alabama border in the Chattahoochee River Valley. It is considered the rarest azalea in the Eastern United States. Providence Canyon is one of the most popular places to view the plumleaf azalea in the wild.
 Cistus salviifolius common name Sage-leaved Rock Rose or Salvia Cistus is a perennial ligneous plant of the Cistaceae family.
 Syzygium discophorum is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Indonesia. It is an Endangered species threatened by habitat loss.
 Campanula americana the American bellflower is a tall bellflower native to eastern North America from the Great Lakes region south to Florida and from the Dakotas east to New York. This native plant is an annual or biennial from 2-6' tall. Its flowers are light blue to violet and are usually arranged in elongated clusters. It is an unusual bellflower in that its flowers are usually flat and not bell-shaped.
 Duhaldea is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Salvia himmelbaurii is a perennial plant that is found growing on grassy slopes at 3300 m (10800 ft) elevation in Sichuan province in China. It grows 30 to 45 cm (12 to 18 in) tall with cordate-ovate leaves that are 5 to 10 cm (2.0 to 3.9 in) long and 3.5 to 7.5 cm (1.4 to 3.0 in) wide. The upper leaf surface is covered with soft hairs with the underside having hairs especially on the veins.The inflorescence is of terminal racemes or panicles 7 to 20 cm (2.8 to 7.9 in) long.
 Echeandia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae subfamily Agavoideae. It is named for Spanish botanist Pedro Gregorio Echeandía (1746–1817). Species in the genus are distributed from the Southwestern United States south to Northwestern Argentina Southern Bolivia and Southern Peru. They are herbaceous perennials with corms and enlarged storage roots. The narrow leaves are held in basal rosettes. Flowers are in loose racemes and may be yellow orange white or cream.
 Diplodiscus hookerianus is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae sensu lato or Tiliaceae family.It is found only in Malaysia.
 Aechmea macrochlamys is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Veronica copelandii is a rare species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Copeland's speedwell. It is endemic to California where it is known only from the southeastern Klamath Mountains in Shasta and Trinity Counties. It occurs in mountain meadows and forest habitat in subalpine zones usually on serpentine soils.
 Lemna ecuadoriensis is a species of plant in the Lemnaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Aucklandia lappa is a plant whose rhizome is commonly used in Traditional Chinese medicine. Compounds in the rhizome are thought to have anti-fungal anti-oxidant and anti-cancer properties. Dehydrocostuslactone and costunolide have been isolated from the rhizome.
 Calothamnus rupestris is a shrub or tree species in the family Myrtaceae. It is endemic to the south of Western Australia where it occurs on granite outcrops and hillsides.
 Billbergia alfonsi-joannis is a species of the genus Billbergia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Discocarpus is a genus of the plant family Phyllanthaceae. It is a small genus with 3 species which are found in Amazonia.
 Scleria amazonica is a plant species native to the State of Amazonas in southern Venezuela.Scleria amazonica is a perennial herb spreading by means of underground rhizomes. Stem is triangular in cross-section up to 120 cm tall. Leaves are up to 45 cm long with a V-shaped ligule of dense hairs. Inflorescences unisexual in a paniculate arrangement up to 46 cm long. Achenes have a course network of raised decorations on the surface.
 Clianthus commonly known as Kakabeak (Kōwhai ngutukākā in Māori) is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae comprising two species of shrubs native to New Zealand. They have striking clusters of red flowers which resemble the beak of the Kākā a New Zealand parrot. The plants are also known as parrot's beak parrot's bill and lobster claw - all references to the distinctive flowers. There is also a variety with white to creamy coloured flowers.
 Palaquium laevifolium is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Lagophylla minor is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family known by the common name lesser hareleaf. It is endemic to California where it grows in the foothills surrounding the Sacramento Valley. It is a member of the plant communities growing on serpentine soils. This is an annual herb producing a thin forking purplish brown stem covered in small stiff hairs.
 Verbena californica is a rare species of verbena known by the common names California vervain and Red Hills vervain. This flower is endemic to Tuolumne County California where it is known from ten or eleven occurrences in the Red Hills a section of the Sierra Nevada foothills near Chinese Camp. It grows in moist woodland habitat often on serpentine soils.
 Bulbophyllum ornatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Micropholis garciniifolia is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Puerto Rico where it is known as caimitillo verde. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Ivesia webberi is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common names wire mousetail and Webber's ivesia. It is native to the United States where it occurs in the northernmost part of the Sierra Nevada and the adjacent Modoc Plateau in California its range extending just into Nevada.This is a small perennial herb forming a clump on the ground in the clay soil of the local sage scrub.
 Isoetes toximontana is a plant species native to the Northern Cape and Western Cape regions of South Africa. It is known from only 3 sites. The type locality is on the slopes of Gifberg a mountain forming part of the eastern boundary of the Olifants River Valley. The name Gifberg means poison mountain; this is in reference to a poisonous tree called gifboom Euphorbia virosa that is endemic to the area.
 In taxonomy Resultor is a genus of algae specifically of the Pedinomonadaceae.
 Cryptothallus mirabilis is a species of liverworts in the family Aneuraceae and was first described in 1933. Plants of this species are white as a result of lacking chlorophyll and their plastids do not differentiate into chloroplasts.
 Tillandsia tragophoba is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Chile.
 Lophostemon lactifluus commonly known as swamp mahogany or milky box is a tree or shrub of the family Myrtaceae native to northern Australia.
 Phyllanthus gentryi is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Panama. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Acianthera is an extremely new genus of orchids consisting of species formerly placed under Pleurothallis subgenus Acianthera. This splitting is a result of recent DNA sequencing.
 Cereus chalybaeus is a cactus from the genus Cereus a genus consisting of about 25 species of tree-like cacti. Cereus chalybaeus is a columnar cactus with 5-6 ribbs. It is few-branched and often purple tinged. It has spines that at first are red but with age turn black. In summer it bears funnel-shaped flowers which can be up to 8 inches long. The inner petals are white and the outer petals are either purple or red.
 Hypelichrysum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Luffa operculata (common name Sponge Cucumber Wild Loofa or mướp xơ in Vietnamese) is a species of Luffa. It is cultivated for its fruit which when fully ripe is strongly fibrous and is used as a fibrous scrubbing sponge for household cleaning. The fruit is a capsule with spikes. The fruit is dark-brown when mature. It is also grown in gardens and yards as an ornamental plant.
 Aegilops columnaris (syn. Triticum columnare (Zhuk.) Morris & Sears comb. nov.) is a species in the Poaceae family.
 Chamaele tenera is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae the only species of the genus Chamaele. It is endemic to Japan.
 Galeandra baueri is a species of orchid. It is the type species of the genus Galeandra.
 Euryops is a genus of about 100 species of flowering plants in the Asteraceae family. They are native mostly to rocky sites in southern Africa. They produce daisy-like flowerheads from fern-like foliage.Species include:-Euryops acraeusEuryops chrysanthemoides Euryops mucosus Euryops pectinatus Euryops virgineus Euryops walterorum
 Guzmania sibundoyorum is a species of the genus Guzmania. This species is native to Ecuador.
 Canna Italian Group 'Roma' is a tall aquatic Italian Group cultivar equally at home as a water marginal or in the border; large green foliage oval shaped white margin upright habit; round stems coloured green & purple; flowers are open yellow with orange blotches throat red-orange staminodes are large edges lightly frilled stamen is orange-red petals red fully self-cleaning; seed is sterile pollen is low fertile; rhizomes are long and thin coloured white and pink; tillering is prolific. 
 Cyperus bulbosus is a species of sedge found across Africa India and Australia. In the latter it is commonly called (Australian) bush onion or wild onion but is not related to the onion or other alliaceae. It is a component of Australian bushfood but is considered an agricultural weed in other areas.
 Buddleja davidii 'Opera' is a French cultivar raised by Maurice Croux at Châtenay-Malabry and patented in 1970.
 Pedicularis howellii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name Howell's lousewort. It is endemic to the Siskiyou Mountains of the Klamath Range in southern Oregon and northern California where it grows on the edges of coniferous forests. This is a perennial herb producing one or more stems up to 45 centimeters tall from a long caudex.
 Begonia neoharlingii is a species of plant in the Begoniaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Adenocline is a genus of plants under the family Euphorbiaceae. It comprises 3 species native to southern Africa extending as far North as Malawi.[citation needed]
 Tillandsia carnosa is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Bolivia.
 Acacia papyrocarpa commonly known as western myall is a tree in the family Fabaceae. Endemic to Australia it occurs on limestone plains in southern Australia from Paynes Find in Western Australia eastwards into South Australia. There is also an anomalous specimen at Cooper Creek in Queensland. A weeping form of the species that grows at Port Augusta South Australia bears the common name Water myall.Western myall grows as an upright tree to seven metres high.
 The Field Elm Ulmus minor sensu latissimo cultivar 'Pendula' was listed by C. de Vos [1] in Handboek 20 1887 as Ulmus sativa pendula and much later by Boom [2] in Ned. Dendr. 1: 158 1959 as a cultivar.
 Angraecopsis tridens is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family. It is found in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eurybia jonesiae commonly known as Jones's aster or Almut's wood aster is an herbaceous perennial endemic to the U.S. States of Georgia and Alabama in the southeast of the country. It is found primarily in the Piedmont Region in rich oak-hickory-pine forest. Within these rich woods it has an affinity for moist soils with habitats that include ravines rocky ridges and wooded slopes in the vicinity of rivers and streams.
 Chrysopogon zizanioides commonly known as vetiver (derived from Tamil word: வெட்டிவேர் vettiver) is a perennial grass of the Poaceae family native to India. In western and northern India it is popularly known as khus. Vetiver can grow up to 1.5 metres high and form clumps as wide. The stems are tall and the leaves are long thin and rather rigid; the flowers are brownish-purple.
 Sapindus saponaria is a small to medium-sized deciduous tree native to the Americas. Common names include wingleaf soapberry western soapberry jaboncillo and mānele (Hawaiian). Its genus name Sapindus comes from the Latin meaning Indian soap and its specific epithet means soapy.
 Strophanthus eminii grows as a liana up to 10 metres (33 ft) long or as a shrub or small tree up to 7 metres (23 ft) tall with a stem diameter up to 6 centimetres (2.4 in). Its fragrant flowers feature a pink with white turning red corolla tube white turning yellow with red spots and streaks inside. Vernacular names for the plant include spider tresses and poison arrow vine. Habitats are deciduous woodland or rocky bushland from 600 metres (2000 ft) to 1650 metres (5410 ft) altitude.
 Heuchera pulchella the Sandia Mountain alumroot or Sandia Mountain coral-bells is a plant species endemic to central New Mexico mostly in the Manzano and Sandia Mountains but cultivated as an ornamental elsewhere. It grows in canyons and on steep mountain slopes in Torrance Bernalillo and Sandoval Counties at elevations of 2700-3200 m.Heuchera pulchella is an herb with a woody caudex below ground. Leaves are deeply 5-lobed up to 2 cm long.
 Aganisia Lindl. 1839 is a small South American genus in the orchid family (Orchidaceae) subfamily Epidendroideae.The genus was named after the Greek word ‘agnos’ (gratitude) perhaps referring to the sweet scent of its flowers.These dwarf epiphytic climbing orchids occur in n montane or savanna forests and alongside rivers in Trinidad Brazil Colombia Venezuela Guyana and Peru.These orchids show pseudobulbs and small flowers produced from a creeping rhizome.
 Chaerophyllum bulbosum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by several common names including turnip-rooted chervil tuberous-rooted chervil bulbous chervil and parsnip chervil. It is native to Europe and Western Asia. It was a popular vegetable in the 19th century.
 Richea is a genus of 11 species of flowering plants in the family Ericaceae. Nine of the species are endemic to Tasmania and the other two are endemic to the south-east of the Australian mainland.Species include:Richea acerosa (Lindl.) F.Muell.Richea alpina MenadueRichea continentis B.L.Burtt Richea dracophylla R.Br.Richea gunnii Hook.f. Richea milliganii (Hook.f.) F.Muell.Richea pandanifolia Hook.f.
 Zollernia is a genus of the family Fabaceae native to Central and South America. Zollernia are trees or shrubs that flower annually. Leaves of Zollernia ilicifolia are used medicinally as an analgesic and antiulcerogenic by the peoples of the Brazilian Tropical Atlantic Rainforest.
 The Chinese Elm Ulmus parvifolia cultivar 'Matthew' is one of three recent (< 2006) American introductions selected for their cold hardiness (USA zone 4 tolerant).
 Philodendron pogonocaule is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Neomitranthes cordifolia is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Platanus /ˈplætənəs/ is a genus comprising a small number of tree species native to the Northern Hemisphere. They are the sole living members of the family Platanaceae.All members of Platanus are tall reaching 30–50 m (98–164 ft) in height. All except for P. kerrii are deciduous and most are found in riparian or other wetland habitats in the wild though proving drought-tolerant in cultivation.
 Bhesa paniculata is a species of plant in the Centroplacaceae family. It is found in India Indonesia Malaysia the Philippines Singapore and Thailand.
 Silene nutans is a flowering plant in the genus Silene most commonly known as Nottingham catchfly.
 Psidium sintenisii is a species of flowering plant in the myrtle family Myrtaceae. It is endemic to Puerto Rico where it is known from three or four small subpopulations mainly within El Yunque National Forest. It grows in wet mountain forest habitat. Its common names are Sintenis' guava and hoja menuda.This evergreen tree a species of wild guava can reach 9 meters in height. It has gray grooved shreddy bark on the trunk and greenish branches.
 Sambucus palmensis Link is a species of elder endemic to the Canary Islands. Common names in Spanish include sauco and sabugo. The species is a tree up to 6 m tall with dark purple berries. Some consider this a subspecies of the common European elder S. nigra L.Sambucus palmensis Link C. L. Buch. Phys. Beschr. Canar. Ins. 151. 1828 Sambucus nigra L. subsp. palmensis (Link) Bolli Diss. Bot. 223:167. 1994.↑ ↑
 Oxalis priceae is a species of flowering plant in the woodsorrel family. It is native primarily to southeastern North America with a disjunct population being known from montane areas of Nuevo León Mexico. This species is found in dry rocky calcareous areas such as cedar glades and cliff faces but it is occasionally found in oak-pine woodlands and longleaf pine savanna as well.Oxalis priceae is a highly rhizomatous perennial herb that flowers in the spring.
 Salvia anatolica is a rare perennial herb that is endemic to a small area between Divriği and Kemaliye in Turkey growing on stony slopes and oak scrub forest at 1500 to 1650 m (4920 to 5410 ft) elevation. It is similar to another Salvia that is endemic to Turkey S. bracteata.S. anatolica grows on a few erect stems to 25 to 50 cm (9.8 to 19.7 in) with mostly basal leaves.
 Heimia salicifolia is a species of flowering plant in the Loosestrife family Lythraceae. It is native to the Americas ranging from the southwestern United States (Texas and New Mexico) through Mexico and Central America to Argentina. Common names include Shrubby Yellowcrest Sinicuichi Sun Opener Willow-leaf Heimia Sini and Elixir of the Sun.The plant has psychoactive and medicinal properties and has been used for a variety of ailments by native peoples in Central America and Mexico.
 Cobb's Dendrochilum (Dendrochilum cobbianum) described by Heinrich Gustav Reichenbach in 1880 is an epiphytic orchid occurring in the Philippines growing on moss-covered trees. It can sometimes occur as a lithophyte growing on rocks at altitudes above 1200 m.It possesses white to green-white creamy flowers with yellow throats that emerge alongside new growth. This flowers have a diameter of 1.8 cm rather large for this genus. They are fragrant with the scent of new mown hay.
 Pellia epiphylla (sometimes known as overleaf pellia or common pellia) is a species of thallose liverwort. It occurs in North America Europe North Africa and parts of Asia. It grows in patches in damp sheltered places on neutral or acidic substrates. It is common on the banks of rivers streams and ditches and also grows in wet woodland marshes and on wet rocks.
 Allium kokanicum is an Old World bulb geophyte native to temperate and tropical zones in the western Himalayas of Asia. It is a bulb-forming perennial up to 20 cm tall with pale red to pale purple flowers.
 Aframomum zambesiacum is a species in the ginger family Zingiberaceae. Its common name is Nangawo. It is native to Kimalila part of the southern highlands in Tanzania. A. zambesiacum grows in upland and secondary forests often near water between altitudes of 1450 and 2050 m.A. zambesiacum is a leafy plant that grows from a short branched rhizome. The leafy stems grow in clumps up to 2 meters tall. 20–50 bee-pollinated flowers are borne in heads arising from the base of the shoots.
 Castanea mollissima (Chinese chestnut) is a member of the family Fagaceae and a species of chestnut native to China Taiwan and Korea.
 Cypella elegans is a herbaceous plant species in the genus Cypella found in Argentina (Jujuy Province).
 Ochagavia carnea is a species of the genus Ochagavia. This species is endemic to Chile.
 Mallotus philippensis is a plant in the spurge family. It is known as the Kamala or Red Kamala due to the fruit covering which produces a red dye. However it must be distinguished from Kamala meaning 'lotus' in many Indian languages an unrelated plant flower and sometimes metonymic spiritual or artistic concept. Mallotus philippensis has many other local names. This 'Kamala' often appears in rainforest margins.
 Chlorophytum tuberosum is a species of flowering plant one of several species known by the common name musli. It is native to parts of Africa and India. It has historical uses in Ayurveda.
 Maytenus eggersii is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family. It is a tree endemic to Ecuador. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cryptosepalum tetraphyllum is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Liberia and Sierra Leone.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Endiandra virens is an Australian tree in the laurel family. Growing from Boorganna Nature Reserve north west of Taree New South Wales to Kin Kin in Southern Queensland. Common names include White Apple Plumwood and New South Wales Walnut.Endiandra virens is an understorey rainforest tree. The habitat is various types of rainforest usually on the poorer soils at low altitude.
 Rhododendron grande is a rhododendron species with a native range from eastern Nepal Sikkim Bhutan into central Arunachal Pradesh and southern Tibet. It grows at altitudes of 2100-3200 meters and reaches 6-15 meters in height in mixed forests. Flowers vary from cream to yellow to pink spotted with a blotch on the top petal.
 Acacia blayana is a tree native to south eastern Australia. It grows to 25 metres tall found only at Wadbilliga National Park. The habitat is shallow rocky soils with relatively tall eucalyptus trees nearby. A rare plant with a ROTAP rating of 2RC-. As with many of the acacias it forms attractive yellow flowers in spring. It is named after the author John Blay.
 Ardisia martinensis is a species of plant in the Myrsinaceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Jacmaia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Goniothalamus calycinus is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Amsinckia marginata is a species of plant in the Boraginaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Acalypha padifolia is a species of flowering plant in the family Euphorbiaceae. It is native to the Andes in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador and Peru. It is a shrub or small tree that grows in mountain rainforests.
 Huertea cubensis is a species of plant in the Tapisciaceae family. It is found in Cuba the Dominican Republic and Haiti.
 Dendrobium tetragonum the Common Spider Orchid is a species of orchid also known as the Rectangular-bulbed Dendrobium or Tree Spider Orchid. It is commonly found in New South Wales and Northern Queensland in Australia.
 Salvia pauciserrata is a variable and widely distributed species of Salvia native to Peru north to Venezuela and Costa Rica. It is found in a wide variety of habitats. It reaches 1 to 2 m (3.3 to 6.6 ft) tall. The inflorescence is of terminal racemes with a large red corolla that is 2.5 to 4 cm (0.98 to 1.57 in) long.
 Medicago marina is a plant species of the genus Medicago. It is native to the Mediterranean basin but is found worldwide. It forms a symbiotic relationship with the bacterium Sinorhizobium meliloti which is capable of nitrogen fixation. Common names include coastal medick and sea medick.
 Potentilla chamissonis (Bluff Cinquefoil) is distributed across Svalbard northern Norway Greenland and the eastern Arctic of Canada. It grows on ledges on steep slopes and in crevices.
 Syzygium flosculiferum is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is found in Malaysia and Singapore.
 Banksia tridentata commonly known as Yellow Honeypot is a shrub endemic to Western Australia. It was published as Dryandra tridentata in 1856 and remained in that genus for 150 years although in 1893 Benjamin Daydon Jackson accidentally listed it in Index Kewensis under Banksia thus unwittingly publishing the name Banksia tridentata.
 Inga martinicensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Martinique.
 Lycaste skinneri is a plant belonging to the orchid genus Lycaste and from moderate altitudes of Central America.Lycaste skinneri has pink flowers which can grow about 15 cm (6 in) wide the flower stem for a single flower being up to 30 cm (12 in) tall. They flower mostly in late autumn or winter. The leaves are deciduous and grow to 75 cm (30 in) long.
 Bulbophyllum pleurothallopsis is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Corylus johnsonii is an extinct species of hazel known from fossil fruits found in the Klondike Mountain Formation deposits of Northern Washington State dated to the early Eocene Ypresian stage (56 to 48 million years ago). Based on described features C.
 Westringia glabra commonly known as Violet Westringia is a shrub species that is endemic to Australia. It grows to between 0.5 and 3 metres high. Pale purple flowers with red spots appear predominantly between October and December in the species native range.The species was formally described in 1810 by botanist Robert Brown in Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae.
 Gynoxys rimbachii is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Asterotheca is a genus dating from the Permian. Vascularized seedless plants (ferns) and reproduction by spores. They leaf type fronds. They lived in locals humid and swampy.
 Blechnum wattsii or the hard water fern is a common fern growing in rainforest and open forest. Often seen near creeks in much of south eastern Australia.
 Cynanchum auriculatum is a species of climbing vine swallowworts. Its Chinese name is niu pi xiao [ 牛皮消 ] (leather eater). C auriculatum flowers between June and August; fruiting from August all the way to December.
 Conocephalum conicum the snakeskin liverwort is a liverwort species in the genus Conocephalum .A lunularic acid decarboxylase has been detected from C. conicum.The larvae of the moth Epimartyria pardella feed on C. conicum.
 Baissea multiflora grows as a shrub up to 6 metres (20 ft) tall or as a liana up to 30 metres (98 ft) long with a stem diameter of up to 12 centimetres (4.7 in). Its fragrant flowers feature a white pink or orange corolla. Habitat is in forests from 150 metres (490 ft) to 1400 metres (4600 ft) altitude.
 Weinmannia richii is a species of plant in the Cunoniaceae family. It is endemic to Fiji.
 Angostura is a genus of medicinal plant native to South America. Its bark is sometimes used in bitters.
 Neohemsleya is a genus of plant in family Sapotaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Neohemsleya usambarensis T.D.Penn.
 Ventenata is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family. There are five species including Ventenata dubia an invasive weed.
 Grevillea ripicola commonly known as Collie Grevillea is a shrub which is endemic to the south west region of Western Australia. It grows to between 0.6 and 2 metres in height and up to 4 metres in width. The species was first formally described by botanist Alex George in Nuytsia in 1974 based on plant material collected at Collie. It is classified as Priority Four Flora (Rare) under the Wildlife Conservation Act in Western Australia.
 Cyclamen mirabile is a perennial growing from a tuber native to Turkish pine woodland and maquis in southwestern Turkey. It belongs to the Cyclamen cilicium group of the Cyclamen genus (subgenus Gyrophoebe series Cilicium). The species was identified and named in 1906.
 Forsteronia is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae.
 Neoregelia sarmentosa is a species of the genus Neoregelia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Madia glomerata is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name mountain tarweed.
 'Blue Imp' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Aechmea in the Bromeliad family.
 Pyrus salicifolia is a species of pear native to the Middle East. It is widely grown as an ornamental tree almost always as a pendulous (or weeping) cultivar and is called by various common names including Willow-leaved Pear Weeping Pear and similar. The tree is deciduous and of comparatively small stature rarely reaching 10–12 meters in height. The crown is rounded. It has pendulous silvery foliage superficially similar to a weeping willow.
 Artemisia verlotiorum (Chinese mugwort) is one of several species in the genus Artemisia which is native to East Asia – Kamchatka North Japan and China. It is an invasive weed widespread in Europe North Africa Central and East Asia.
 Idiopappus saloyensis is a species of flowering plant in the genus Idiopappus in the family Asteraceae. It is found only in Ecuador where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Trichilia pungens is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family. It is endemic to Cuba.
 Corallorhiza odontorhiza common name Fall coral-root or small-flowered coral-root is a species of orchid widespread across the eastern half of the United States and reported also from Mexico Central America Quebec and Ontario. In North America it occurs in forested areas up to an elevation of 2800 m (9300 feet).Corallorhiza odontorhiza is a non-photosynthetic species with no chlorophyll. Hence it relies on fungi in the soil to supply it with nutrients.
 Coelogyne barbata is a species of orchid.
 Asclepias subverticillata also known as whorled milkweed is a plant found in the United States.
 Dendrobium williamsonii is a species of orchid commonly known as Williamson's Dendrobium.
 Pentacalia hillii is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Androcymbium is a genus of perennial flowering plants native to Africa southern Europe Yemen and the Canary Islands. The genus has sometimes been included within Colchicum but at present is recognised as a separate genus with about 80-90 species.
 Ashmead's Kernel is a triploid cultivar of apple. Traditionally Ashmead's Kernel was thought to be diploid but a poor pollinator.
 Symplocos globosa is a species of plant in the Symplocaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Fosterella gracilis is a species of the genus Fosterella. This species is endemic to Bolivia.
 Aechmea magdalenae also known as ixtle is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is native to Costa Rica Mexico and Ecuador. It is grown in southern Mexico for its silky fibers.
 Psychotria lanceifolia is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Cameroon. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Clausena lansium also known as a wampee (Clausena wampi) is a species of strongly scented evergreen trees 3–8 m tall in the family Rutaceae native to southeast Asia. The leaves are smooth and dark green in color. The flowers appearing in late March are white with 4-5 petals about 3–4 mm diameter. The fruit is oval about 3 cm long and 2 cm in diameter containing 2 to 5 seeds that occupy ~ 40-50% of the fruit volume. The tree reaches a maximum height of 20 meters.
 Bulbophyllum bicaudatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Elmerrillia is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the Magnolia family (Magnoliaceae). The genus includes five species of evergreen trees which range across the Indian subcontinent Indochina and Malesia.
 Sorbus pseudofennica (also called Arran Service Tree or Arran cut-leaved Whitebeam) is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family. It is a naturally occurring hybrid caused by the Rock Whitebeam (Sorbus rupicola) hybridising with the Rowan (Sorbus aucuparia) then crossing back with S. aucuparia. It is endemic to the Isle of Arran in Scotland United Kingdom and is threatened by habitat loss.
 Melanophylla is a genus of flowering plants endemic to Madagascar.
 Peucedanum camerunensis is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae family. It is found only in Cameroon with natural habitat in subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.
 Catophractes alexandri D.Don the only species in the genus Catophractes is a spiny shrub or small tree up to 3m tall belonging to the family Bignoniaceae and occurring in the hot low-rainfall regions of Namibia the Northern Cape Kalahari Desert Botswana western Zimbabwe and the Northern Transvaal.
 Cotula moseleyi also known as Nightingale Brassbuttons is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family. It is found in Tristan da Cunha. Its natural habitats are subantarctic forests subantarctic grassland rocky shores and .It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Inga latipes is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Costa Rica.
 Ida locusta is a species of flowering plant in the Orchidaceae family.
 Stanhopea costaricensis is a species of orchid endemic to Central America (Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua and Panama).
 Apodochloris is a genus of algae in the family Chlorococcaceae.
 Calypogeia is a genus of liverwort in family Calypogeiaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Calypogeia arguta Mont. et Nees. Calypogeia azurea Stotler & Crotz Calypogeia fissa (L.) Raddi. Calypogeia muelleriana (Schiffn.) Müll. Frib. Calypogeia rhynchophylla (Herzog) Bischl. Calypogeia suecica (Arn. & Pers.) K. Mull.↑
 Astragalus brachycalyx (manna Persian manna syn. Astracantha adscendens Astragalus adscendens) is a species of legume commonly found on rocky mountain slopes in western Asia from western Iran and northern Iraq to Turkey and is commonly used as a source of gum tragacanth.
 Pinus peuce (Macedonian pine) (Macedonian: Молика Molika) is a species of pine native to the mountains of Macedonia Bulgaria Albania Montenegro Kosovo the extreme southwest of Serbia and the extreme north of Greece growing typically at (600-) 1000-2200 (-2300) m altitude. It often reaches the alpine tree line in this area.
 Eucalyptus signata is a tree native to eastern Australia. It is one of many trees known as the Scribbly Gum. The habitat is dry eucalyptus forest or swampy areas at low altitude. Occurring from Morisset New South Wales up the coast and ranges to beyond the Queensland border. The original specimen was collected at the Brisbane River.
 Litsea leiantha is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family. It is endemic to India. It is only found on South Andaman Island an island in the South Pacific. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Schistidium poeltii is a species of moss found in Arctica. It is native in the northern regions of Europe (Finland Sweden Norway) Greenland and north-eastern Canada by sea.
 Astroloma conostephioides commonly known as Flame Heath is small shrub species in the family Ericaceae. It is endemic to south-eastern Australia. Plants grow to 1 metre in height and have prickly blue-green leaves. The red tubular flowers which appear between March and November in the species native range are eaten by emus . These are followed by red succulent fruits that are about 7mm in diameter.
 Mikaniopsis vitalba is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found in Angola Cameroon Democratic Republic of the Congo Gabon and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and moist savanna.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Podocarpus costaricensis is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
 Anthurium superbum is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Carex nigromarginata is a North American sedge which grows on acid soils in dry woodland thickets and roadside and similar ruderal habitats in partial shade or in full sun often near streams at elevations of 10–800 m. Plants grow in dense clumps often forming circular patterns on forest floors or roadsides. 2n = 36.
 Kobresia simpliciuscula is a species of sedge known by the common names simple bog sedge and simple kobresia. It has a circumpolar distribution occurring throughout the northern latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere.This perennial plant forms tufts of several triangular stems reaching up to 50 centimeters in height. It lacks rhizomes. The leaves are up to 20 centimeters long. The inflorescence contains up to 12 spikes of flowers.
 Plantago subnuda is a species of plantain known by the common name tall coastal plantain. It is native to western North America from the west coast of the United States to west-central Mexico where it grows in wet and moist habitat types often in coastal areas such as marshland. It is a perennial herb producing few oval leaves around a thick caudex. The broad smooth-edged or slightly toothed leaves may be up to 40 centimeters long.
 Albizia edwallii is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found in Argentina and Brazil.
 Houstonia caerulea (azure bluet or Quaker ladies) is a perennial species in the Rubiaceae family.
 Anthurium quinquesulcatum is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Synthyris reniformis is a species of flowering plant in the figwort family known by the common name snow queen or snowqueen. It is native to the Pacific coast of the United States from the Puget Sound to San Francisco Bay Area where it grows in the forests of coastal and inland hills and mountains. It is a perennial herb growing up to about 15 centimeters tall. It has a rosette of basal leaves with hairy lobed heart-shaped or kidney-shaped blades borne on long petioles.
 Night-scented Stock also known as Evening Stock (syn. Cheiranthus longipetalus Vent. Matthiola bicornis Matthiola longipetala subsp. bicornis and Matthiola oxyceras DC.) is a species of ornamental plant.
 Brunellia is a genus of trees in the family Brunelliaceae. It consists of 62 species which grow in the mountainous regions from southern Mexico to Bolivia. There are 10 species in Ecuador all but one of which occur in the Andean woodlands.
 Bejaranoa is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Aerva revoluta is a species of plant in the Amaranthaceae family. It is endemic to Yemen. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Polygala rectipilis common name New Mexico milkwort is a plant endemic to one county in New Mexico. The type specimen was collected near the Town of Hillsboro in Sierra County at an elevation of 1065 m (3550 feet).Polygala rectipilis is an herb up to 30 cm (12 inches) tall. It has oblong to ovate leaves narrowing to a point at the tip. Flowers are borne in terminal racemes of as many as 20 flowers. Flowers are purple up to 6 mm (0.24 inches) long.
 Agenium is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Restrepia pandurata is a species of orchid endemic to Colombia.
 Avenula pubescens downy alpine oatgrass is a species of flowering plant in the Poaceae family. It is native to Europe and Asia. It can also be found in such US states as Connecticut Delaware Minnesota New Jersey and Vermont and in Canadian provinces such as Alberta Manitoba Ontario Quebec and Saskatchewan.
 Heliantheae is the third largest tribe in the sunflower family (Asteraceae). With some 190 genera and nearly 2500 recognized species only the tribes Senecioneae and Astereae are larger. The name is derived from the genus Helianthus which is Greek for sun flower. Most genera and species are found in North America and South America particularly in Mexico. A few genera are pantropical.Most Heliantheae are herbs or shrubs but there are some that grow to the size of small trees.
 Zéta is a Hungarian wine grape a crossing of Furmint and Bouvier. It was introduced to the Tokaj-Hegyalja wine region of Hungary in 1951 and authorized for production in 1990. Previously known as Oremus its name was changed to Zéta in 1999. Its main asset is a particular aptitude for high sugar concentrations early ripening and susceptibility for botrytis. As Oremus it was used in the production of Tokaji wines.
 Schumanniophyton is a genus of plant in family Rubiaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Schumanniophyton problematicum (A.Chev.) Aubrev.
 Dacrydium beccarii is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.It is found in Indonesia Malaysia Papua New Guinea the Philippines and Solomon Islands.
 Phacelia covillei (known by the common names Coville's Phacelia and Buttercup Scorpionweed) is an annual forb native to the eastern United States that produces small light blue-violet flowers in early spring.
 Kinabaluchloa is a genus of bamboo. It comprises 2 species found in the montane forests of Malaysia.
 Mimulus montioides is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name montia-like monkeyflower. It is native to the Sierra Nevada and its foothills in California and it has been observed in the mountains near Carson City Nevada. It grows in moist areas in the mountains and disturbed rocky soils.
 Micropholis rugosa is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica.
 Leuchtenbergia principis (agave cactus or prism cactus) the sole species of the genus Leuchtenbergia is a species of cactus. It is native to north-central Mexico (San Luis Potosi Chihuahua). The genus is named after Maximilian Eugen Joseph (1817–1852) Duke of Leuchtenberg and amateur botanist.It is very slow-growing but can eventually grow up to 70 cm high with a cylindrical stem which becomes bare and corky at the base with age.
 Iriartea is a genus in the palm family Arecaceae native to Central and South America. The best-known species – and probably the only one – is Iriartea deltoidea which is found from Nicaragua south into Bolivia and a great portion of Western Amazonian basin. It is the most common tree in many forests in which it occurs. It is known by such names as bombona (which can also refer to other palms e.g.
 Miconia glyptophylla is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Dicellostyles is a genus of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family. It contains the following species: Dicellostyles axillaris
 Lupinus padre-crowleyi is a rare species of lupine known by the common names DeDecker's lupine and Father Crowley's lupine. It is endemic to California where it is known only from the eastern slopes of the Sierra Nevada and the high plateau below along the western border of Inyo County. It grows in the granite soils of the mountain forests and scrub. It has been noted at fewer than 20 locations.
 Fitchia tahitensis is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in French Polynesia.
 Jaltomata weberbaueri is a plant species native to Peru. It grows on rocky hillsides at elevations less than 1800 m.Jaltomata weberbaueri is an Flowers are campanulatae reddish-purple with white veins and red-orange nectar up to 6 cm in diameter.
 Chapmannia sericea is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Yemen.Its natural habitat is rocky areas.
 Xanthophyllum adenotus var. arsatii is a plant in the family Polygalaceae. It grows as a tree or shrub.
 Ornithogalum narbonense common names Narbonne Star-of-Bethlehem Pyramidal Star-of-Bethlehem and Southern Star-of-Bethlehem is a herbaceous perennial flowering plant with underground bulbs belonging to the genus Ornithogalum of the Asparagaceae family. The Latin name Ornithogalum of the Genus meaning bird's milk derives from the Greek while the species name narbonense refers to the French town of Narbonne.
 Aphanostephus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Lyonia octandra is a species of plant in the Ericaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica.
 Saponaria ocymoides (rock soapwort or tumbling Ted) is a species of semi-evergreen perennial flowering plant belonging to the family Caryophyllaceae native to south western and southern central Europe.
 Topobea pascoensis is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Rutoideae is a flowering plant subfamiliy in the family Rutaceae.
 Psydrax kibuwae is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Tanzania.
 Aiouea angulata is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family. It is endemic to Colombia.
 Amomyrtus is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family Myrtaceae. It is native to temperate southern South America where it is distributed in Chile and Argentina.These plants produce large white flowers with abundant pollen and fleshy black fruits containing one to three seeds.
 Dypsis fasciculata is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is found only in Madagascar.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mesua purseglovei is a species of flowering plant in the Calophyllaceae family.It is found only in Malaysia.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hygrophila polysperma commonly known as dwarf hygrophila dwarf hygro Miramar weed or Indian waterweed is an aquatic plant in the acanthus family. It is native to Bangladesh India China and Malaysia and has also been introduced to the US states of Florida Texas and possibly Virginia.It is listed on the Federal Noxious Weed List in the US and is illegal to import and sell in a number of states including Kansasand South Carolina.
 The common oat (Avena sativa) is a species of cereal grain grown for its seed which is known by the same name (usually in the plural unlike other grains). While oats are suitable for human consumption as oatmeal and rolled oats one of the most common uses is as livestock feed.
 Malephora crocea is a species of flowering plant in the ice plant family known by the common name coppery mesemb. It is native to Africa and it is grown in many other places as an ornamental plant and a groundcover. In California and Baja California this is an introduced species and often a noxious weed in coastal habitat such as beaches and bluffs. It is planted along highways in California and in Arizona it is utilized in landscaping for its low water needs and tolerance of sun.
 Calophyllum savannarum is a species of flowering plant in the Calophyllaceae family.It is found only in West Papua in Indonesia.
 Macrozamia elegans is a species of plant in the Zamiaceae family. It is endemic to New South Wales Australia.
 Alchornea ilicifolia commonly known as the Native Holly is a bush of eastern Australia. Growing in or on the edges of the drier rainforests from Jamberoo New South Wales to Atherton Queensland.
 Odontoglossum first named in 1816 by Karl Sigismund Kunth is a genus of about 100 orchids. The scientific name is derived from the Greek words odon (tooth) and glossa (tongue) referring to the two tooth-like calluses on the base of the lip. This genus of cool to cold growing orchids is to be found on open spots in the humid cloud forest at higher elevations from Central- and West South America to Guyana with most species around the northern Andes. The abbreviation for this genus is Odm.
 The giant potato (Ipomoea mauritiana) is a type of morning glory plant. Like the sweet potato it belongs to the Ipomoea genus. It grows as a vine.Its origins are uncertain but it has been recorded in West Africa including in Gambia[1] and the riparian forests of Benin[2] as well as Australia's Northern Territory.
 Ossaea sparrei is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Pepinia ctenophylla is a species of the genus Pepinia. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Aeluropus is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Tillandsia rhodocephala is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Mexico. Rhodocephala have long thin leaves which curl inwards and sprout from a thick central stem.
 Amphibolis is a genus in the family Cymodoceaceae. It includes two species of sea grass endemic to the western and southern coast of Australia Amphibolis antarctica and Amphibolis griffithii commonly known as sea nymph or wire weed. The seeds produce an anchoring comb of bristles while they mature on the female plant giving the seedling a purchase when it arrives at a new site. A type of seagrass the plants of this genus forms meadows on calcareous sands.
 Afroligusticum chaerophylloides is a species of flowering plants of the Apiaceae family and the only species of genus Afroligusticum. It is endemic to tropical Africa.
 Grewia transzambesica is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae sensu lato or Tiliaceae or Sparrmanniaceae family.It is found only in Mozambique.
 Mexicoa is a monotypic genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae. The sole species is Mexicoa ghiesbreghtiana.
 Correa glabra (Rock Correa) is a tall shrub which is endemic to Australia. It grows up to 2.7 metres in height. The elliptic leaves are 1 to 4 cm long and 5 to 17 mm wide. These have a strong lemon scent when crushed. Flowers are mainly produced in April and May in the species native range but may also appear sporadically throughout the year
 Bulbophyllum platypodum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Salvia loxensis is a species of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family that is native to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Fairchildia panamensis is a species of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the sub family Faboideae. It is the only member of the genus Fairchildia.
 Native to The Isalo sandstone mountains of Madagascar C. macrolobum is a small succulent shrub belonging to the Asclepiadoideae subfamily of the dogbane or Apocynaceae family.
 Pollalesta is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Pouteria amygdalina is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is found in Belize and Guatemala.
 Lophopyxis is a genus of flowering plants and the sole genus of the family Lophopyxidaceae. The group consists of 2 species of tendrillate lianas. They are found in the Sunda Islands.
 Castilleja pruinosa is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name frosted Indian paintbrush. It is native to California and Oregon where it grows in several types of forested habitat.
 Greek Fir (Abies cephalonica) is a fir native to the mountains of Greece primarily in the Peloponnesos and the island of Kefallonia intergrading with the closely related Bulgarian Fir further north in the Pindus mountains of northern Greece. It is a medium-size evergreen coniferous tree growing to 25–35 metres (82–115 ft) – rarely 40 m (130 ft) – tall and with a trunk diameter of up to 1 m (3 ft 3 in).
 Rhus sp. nov. A is a species of flowering plant in the cashew family Anacardiaceae that is endemic to the Socotra Archipelago in Yemen. It can be found on the rocky slopes of wadis in drought-deciduous woodlands and succulent shrublands.
 Asplenium montanum commonly known as the mountain spleenwort is a small fern of the Appalachian Mountains. First described in 1810 it grows in small crevices in sandstone cliffs with highly acid soil. It can be recognized by its dark blue-green highly divided leaves. A. montanum is the ancestor through hybridization of several other ferns of similar habitat.
 Croton lechleri is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family Euphorbiaceae that is native to northwestern South America. It is commonly known as Sangre de Grado (Peruvian Spanish) or Sangre de Drago (Ecuadorian Spanish) both of which translate to dragon's blood. They refer to the tree's thick red latex.The latex has medicinal properties and is used by local peoples as a liquid bandage applied to seal wounds as it dries quickly to form a protective skin-like barrier.
 Tillandsia hubertiana is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Prosartes is a genus of flowering plants in the lily family. For several decades plants of this genus were included in genus Disporum. Studies of morphology and cytology as well as genetic analysis show these North American plants to be different from the Asian genus Disporum and they were separated again in 1995.
 Allium cristophii common name Persian Onion or Star of Persia; (syn. Allium albopilosum) is plant species native to Southwest Asia grown as an ornamental bulbous plant in many parts of the world. It is a member of the Allioideae subfamily of the Amaryllidaceae. It grows to 60 cm (24) and is cultivated in gardens for its large showy (umbels) of silvery pink star-shaped flowers 20–25 cm (8-10) in diameter which appear in early summer.
 Virola also known as Epená Patricá or Cumala is a genus of medium-sized trees native to the South American rainforest and closely related to other Myristicaceae such as nutmeg. It has glossy dark green leaves with clusters of tiny yellow flowers and emits a pungent odor.
 Psoralea plicata is a herb species in the genus Psoralea found in Pakistan.P. plicata contains plicadin a coumestan and plicatin A and B two hydroxycinnamic acids.
 Piperia colemanii is a rare species of orchid known by the common names Coleman's piperia and Coleman's rein orchid. It is endemic to California where it is known from scattered occurrences along the Sierra Nevada and one disjunct location in Colusa County California. It grows in coniferous forests and chaparral in deep sandy substrates. It was differentiated from the very similar Piperia unalascensis in 1993.It grows erect to about half a meter in maximum height.
 Polylepis rugulosa the Queñua is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family. It is primarily found in the Andes region of South America in Argentina Bolivia Chile and Peru. It is currently threatened by habitat loss.This is a small tree which is unable to grow more than 4 metres in height. It features a reddish brown bark with brilliant compound leaves. The tree's fruit and flowers are generally unnoticeable since they are shrouded by the tree's foliage.
 Grevillea tripartita is a shrub in the family Proteaceae.
 Geniostoma confertiflorum is a species of plant in the Loganiaceae family endemic to Fiji.
 Lepidophyllum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Euonymus morrisonensis is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family. It is endemic to Taiwan. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Meconopsis betonicifolia also known as Meconopsis baileyi and the Himalayan blue poppy was first discovered in 1912 by Lt. Col. Frederick Marshman Bailey.M. betonicifolia is hardy in most of the United Kingdom and it has striking large blue flowers but it probably owes much of its success to the fact that unlike most Meconopsis it is perennial.
 Phlebodium is a small genus of two to four species of ferns native to tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas. The genus is closely related to Polypodium and the species were formerly included in that genus.They are epiphytic ferns with a creeping densely hairy or scaly rhizome bearing fronds at intervals along its length. The fronds are evergreen persisting for 1–2 years and are pinnatifid.
 Billbergia formosa is a species of the genus Billbergia.
 Hieronyma crassistipula is a species of plant in the family Phyllanthaceae which was recently separated from the Euphorbiaceae. It is endemic to Cuba.
 Fuchsia scherffiana is a species of plant in the Onagraceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Cissus repens is a species of tropical rainforest vine in the grape family. It is found in various parts of Asia including Malesia. This vine is recorded as far south as Cape York Peninsula and the wet tropics region of north eastern Queensland Australia. It has heart shaped leaves near them on the stem is the tendril. The specific epithet repens is from the Latin meaning “creeping”.
 Coreopsis latifolia is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name broad-leaved tickseed. It is native to the southeastern United States where its distribution is centered around the intersection of the states of Georgia North Carolina South Carolina and Tennessee.
 Photinia glomerata is a species in the family Rosaceae.
 Exochorda /ˌɛksɵˈkɔrdə/ is a small genus of flowering plants in the family Rosaceae native to China and central Asia (Turkestan). They are used as ornamental plants with the common name pearl bush or pearlbush.
 Bulbophyllum inaequisepalum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Shorea carapae is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
 Dianthus alpinus is a species belonging to the Caryophyllaceae family.
 Acaena juvenca is a species of perennial plant found in scrubland and forest margins up to an altitude of 1200 m on the eastern side of both North and South Islands New Zealand.This plant has slender reddish brown branches often growing prostrately each ending in three distinctively rounded leaflets which are green not glaucous as in many of its congeners.
 Nitrophila is a small genus of flowering plants in the amaranth family sometimes known by the common name niterworts. The genus name is Greek for soda-loving as the plant grows in alkaline or salty soils such as those rich in borax. These are rhizomatous perennials with fleshy foliage that helps them conserve water in environments high in mineral salts. The compact papery flowers grow in the axils of the plant where the leaves join the branches.
 Psidium guineense is a species of guava.Common names include Brazilian guava Castilian guava sour guava Guinea guava (English language) goyavier du Brésil (French language) brasiliaanse koejawel (Afrikaans) stachelbeerguave (German language) chobo diondan (Bolivia) guayabillo de tierra fria (El Salvador) araçá do campo aracahy (Brazil) guayaba brava sacha guayaba (Peru) allpa guayaba (Ecuador) guayaba agria (Venezuela Mexico) guayaba acida chamach pichippul (Guatemala) cas extranjero (Costa Rica) and guayabita de sabana (Panama).
 Brachystegia nigerica is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Vatica obovata is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Indonesia. It is a Critically endangered species threatened by habitat loss.
 Hechtia reflexa is a species of the genus Hechtia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Arabis hirsuta is a flowering plant of the genus Arabis in the family Brassicaceae. It is native to Europe Asia and the northern half of North America.
 Sarcophrynium is a genus of plant in family Marantaceae indigenous to tropical Africa. Species include:Sarcophrynium bisubulatum (K.Schum.) K.Schum. in H.G.A.Engler (ed.)Sarcophrynium brachystachyum (Benth.) K.Schum. in H.G.A.Engler (ed.)Sarcophrynium congolense Loes. in G.W.J.Mildbraed (ed.)Sarcophrynium prionogonium (K.Schum.) K.Schum. in H.G.A.Engler (ed.)Sarcophrynium schweinfurthianum (Kuntze) Milne-Redh.Sarcophrynium villosum (Benth.) K.Schum. in H.G.A.Engler (ed.)↑
 Nicotiana tomentosiformis is a perennial herbaceous plant. It is a wild species of tobacco native to the Yungas Valley region in the eastern piedmont of the Andes Mountains primarily in Bolivia. Recent genetic evidence suggests it is one of the parent species of the common domesticated tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum) which was hybridized along with the species Nicotiana sylvestris and possibly Nicotiana otophora
 Sannantha pluriflora commonly known as Tall Baeckea is a flowering shrub or small tree species in the myrtle family Myrtaceae. It is endemic to Australia. Plants grow to 4 metres high. White flowers appear in groups of 3 to 7 between October and April in the species native range. These have 5 rounded petals surrounding 8 to 15 stamens. The fruits are 2.5 to 3.5 mm in diameter.
 Pandanus screw pine or Pandan is a genus of monocots with about 600 known species. They are palm-like dioecious trees and shrubs native to the Old World tropics and subtropics. They are classified in the order Pandanales family Pandanaceae.
 Bulbophyllum gemma-reginae is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Buddleja davidii 'Gonglepod' is a cultivar of a chance seedling at an English nursery.
 Atalaya multiflora known as the Broad Leaved Whitewood is a rare and endangered rainforest tree of the soapberry family native to eastern Australia.The habitat is in the drier rainforest areas often on rocky slopes of basalt. However it also is seen on sub-tropical lowland rainforest growing on alluvial soils. It was described by prolific botanist George Bentham in his Flora Australiensis in 1863 and was given the specific name multiflora because of the numerous flowers.
 The Wild date palm or Senegal date palm (Phoenix reclinata reclinata - Latin reclining) is a species of flowering plant in the palm family native to tropical Africa the Arabian Peninsula Madagascar and the Comoro Islands. It is also reportedly naturalized in Florida Puerto Rico Bermuda and the Leeward Islands. The plants are found from sea level to 3000 m in rain forest clearings monsoonal forests and rocky mountainsides.
 Ceratandra is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Chamaedorea (from Ancient Greek χαμαί (chamai) meaning on the ground and δωρεά (dorea) meaning gift in reference to easily-reached fruits or the plants' low-growing nature) is a genus of 107 species of palms native to subtropical and tropical regions of the Americas. They are small palms growing to 0.3–6 m (1 ft 0 in–19 ft 8 in) tall with slender cane-like stems growing in the understory in rainforests and often spreading by means of underground runners forming clonal colonies.
 Pseudarthria is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae and contains some 6 species: Pseudarthria confertiflora (A.Rich.) Baker Pseudarthria crenata Hiern Pseudarthria fagifolia Baker Pseudarthria hookeri Wight & Arn. Pseudarthria macrophylla Baker Pseudarthria viscida (L.) Wight & Arn.↑
 Tellima grandiflora (fringecups bigflower tellima) is a herbaceous perennial plant of the family Saxifragaceae. It has rounded leaves that emerge from a rootstock and reach heights of 30 cm. It is evergreen in mild winters. Flowers are borne in spring and early summer on spikes up to 60 cm high. The green calyx is 6–8 mm long; the five flower petals are greenish-white to purple pinnately divided and spreading. The petals are deeply fringed.
 Theobroma bicolor known commonly as the Mocambo tree Jaguar tree Balamte or Pataxte among various other common names is a tree in the genus Theobroma (family Malvaceae) which also contains the better-known Theobroma cacao (Cocoa tree). It is known from Central and South America including stretches of the Amazon rainforest in countries such as Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru.
 Microlaena stipoides or Ehrharta stipoides is a species of grass that occurs naturally in all states of Australia as well as in New Zealand Papua New Guinea Indonesia and the Philippines. It has also been introduced into Hawaii and Reunion Island and has been reported as invasive in both. Common names used include weeping grass weeping rice grass and weeping meadow grass.P.
 Brahea aculeata is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is found only in Mexico.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Thamniochaete is a genus of algae in the family Chaetophoraceae.
 Sagittaria demersa is an aquatic plant species native to north-central Mexico (Chihuahua Durango. Hidalgo Aguascalientes Jalisco and Querétaro) and also from a few sites in the northern part of the US State of New Mexico (Mora and Colfax Counties).Sagittaria demersa is an annual herb up to 60 cm tall. Leaves are flat very long and narrow up to 55 cm long but rarely more than 7 mm across. The plant occurs mostly submerged in streams and lakes.
 Calycopeplus is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae.
 Jacqueshuberia loretensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Peru.
 Lilium kesselringianum is a large herbaceous member of the lily family.
 Pelargonium hortorum (also called Garden Geranium Malva or Malvón) is a species of geranium most commonly used as an ornamental plant. Species include the usual nursery seed-grown and the cutting grown which can easily be grown at home by cutting and planting side branches. These are stocky large with double flowers.
 Eleusine is a genus of grasses sometimes called by the common name goosegrass. There are about nine species eight of which are native to Africa with the ninth E. tristachya native to South America. Particularly well known is Eleusine indica a widespread weed. Eleusine coracana finger millet is cultivated for its grain in India and parts of Africa.
 Pouteria caimito the abiu (Portuguese pronunciation: [ɐˈbiw]) is a tropical fruit tree originated in the Amazonian region of South America. It will grow an average of 33 feet (10 m) high and can grow as high as 116 feet (35 m) under good conditions. Its fruits shape varies from round to oval with a point. When ripe it has smooth bright yellow skin and will have one to four ovate seeds. The inside of the fruit is translucent and white.
 Eremosparton is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
 Argyrodendron trifoliolatum is an Australian rainforest tree. It is native to eastern Queensland and northeastern NSW Australia where it is known as White Booyong. It can grow up to 45 metres tall. Its flowers produced from July to September are in great numbers and are creamy-colored bell-shaped.
 Firmiana is a genus of flowering plant in the Sterculiaceae family. Genus name honors Karl Joseph von Firmian.The genus contains about 16 species including the following: Firmiana colorata Firmiana danxiaensis Firmiana hainanensis Firmiana kwangsiensis Firmiana major Firmiana pulcherrima Firmiana simplex — Chinese parasol tree or wutong
 Hechtia pumila is a species of the genus Hechtia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Aristea is a genus of perennial herbaceous and rhizomatous species of flowering plants in the iris family (Iridaceae). The genus includes about 60 species which are distributed in tropical and southern Africa as well as Madagascar. The genus name is derived from the Greek word arista meaning awn.
 Stellaria obtusa is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Rocky Mountain chickweed blunt-sepaled starwort and obtuse stellaria. It is native to western North America from British Columbia and Alberta to California to Colorado where it grows in moist areas in forests and on mountain slopes. It is a rhizomatous perennial herb producing a prostrate creeping branching stem up to about 20 centimeters long sometimes forming mats.
 Alsinidendron lychnoides is a species of plant in the carnation family Caryophyllaceae. It is endemic to dry forests and low shrublands in Hawaiʻi. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Schinopsis heterophylla the Quebracho colorado mestizo is a South American tree species in the genus Schinopsis.Mestizo is a term traditionally used in Latin America for people of mixed European and Amerindian heritage or descent.
 Oncidium geertianum is a species of native to central and southwestern Mexico.
 Calophyllum macrophyllum is a species of flowering plant in the Calophyllaceae family.It is found only in Indonesia.
 Fritillaria liliacea commonly known as Fragrant Fritillary is a threatened perennial herb in the Liliaceae family. It is native to the region surrounding San Francisco Bay in California.
 Phyllanthus urinaria commonly called chamberbitter gripeweed shatterstone stonebreaker or leafflower is a herb species in the family Phyllanthaceae.
 Aechmea gracilis is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Malva verticillata also known as the Chinese mallow is a species of the mallow genus Malva in the family of Malvaceae found in East Asia. M. verticillata is an annual or biennial that grow up to 1.7 meters in high and can inhabit woodland areas of different soil types. In temperate climates it flowers from July to September and the seeds from August to October.
 Lemurorchis is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Pinus arizonica commonly known as the Arizona pine is a medium-sized pine in northern Mexico southeast Arizona southwest New Mexico and western Texas in the United States. It is a tree growing to 25-35 m tall with a trunk diameter of up 1.2 m (3 ft 11 in). The needles are in bundles of 3 4 or 5 with 5-needle fascicles being the most prevalent. This variability may be a sign of hybridization with the closely related Ponderosa Pine (Pinus ponderosa).
 Gentiana prostrata is a rare species of gentian known by the common name pygmy gentian. It is native to Eurasia and to western North America from Alaska and northern Canada to Colorado and California. It is a resident of moist areas in the high mountains. This is an annual herb reaching only a few centimeters tall. The leaves are generally oval-shaped and up to about six millimeters long. They green and sometimes edged in dull white.
 Pothomorphe umbellata or Pariparoba is a plant of Amazonian origin that has been traditionally used in folk remedies for digestive and liver-related maladies. In 2002 a research group based at the Tokyo Medical and Dental University discovered antibacterial properties of the plant specific to Helicobacter pylori.
 'Fulgo-Ramosa' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Aechmea in the Bromeliad family.
 Eucalyptus dalrympleana is a species of flowering plant in the family Myrtaceae native to southeastern Australia. It is a fast-growing evergreen tree growing to 50 m (164 ft) in favourable conditions but much smaller in poor soils. Common names include broad-leaved kindling bark broad-leaved ribbon gum mountain gum mountain white gum seven-flowered mountain gum. The bark is smooth darkening to salmon pink or light brown before flaking off to reveal new pure white bark.
 Spilotantha is a genus proposed by Carlyle Luer however the genus lacks a clear synapomorphy and it is equivalent to Masdevallia subgenus Amanda section Amandae.
 Sorbus amabilis (Chinese: 黄山花楸; pinyin: Huángshān huāqiū; literally Huangshan rowan) is a species of tree in the Rosaceae family. It is a small tree up to 10 metres (33 ft) tall growing in mixed forests and mountain slopes of eastern China; it is endemic to China and only found in Anhui Fujian Hubei Jiangxi and Zhejiang provinces. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Liabum barclayae is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pentas lanceolata commonly known as Egyptian Starcluster is a species of flowering plant in the madder family Rubiaceae that is native to much of Africa as well as Yemen. It is known for its wide use as a garden plant where it often accompanies butterfly gardens.
 Glaucocarpum is a monotypic plant genus containing the single species Glaucocarpum suffrutescens (syn. Hesperidanthus suffrutescens Schoenocrambe suffrutescens) a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Uinta Basin waxfruit toad-flax cress and shrubby reed-mustard. It is endemic to Utah in the United States where it is known only from Duchesne and Uintah Counties. It is threatened by habitat degradation and destruction.
 Aphelandra stephanophysa is a plant species in the family Acanthaceae which is native to Atlantic Forest vegetation of Brazil. This plant is cited in Flora Brasiliensis by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius.
 Eucalyptus stellulata the Black Sallee or Black Sally is a high altitude tree found in south eastern Australia. Found from near the border of New South Wales and Queensland down the Great Dividing Range to the eastern highland parts of Victoria.“Stellulata” refers to the star-shaped clusters of the flower buds which form between April and October.
 Lupinus havardii is a species of lupine known by the common names Big Bend bluebonnet and Chisos bluebonnet. It is native to Texas and Chihuahua where it blooms between January and June. Its habitat includes gravelly fine talus and the alluvial soils in the desert valleys hills and mountain slopes.It is an erect annual herb with a slender branching stem which can reach four feet in height. The flower is about half an inch long and purple to blue in color.
 Olearia phlogopappa (Dusty Daisy-bush) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae. It occurs in open forest woodland heath and coastal shrubland in New South Wales Victoria and Tasmania.
 Exacum affine known commercially as the Persian Violet is a species of plant in the Gentianaceae family. It is endemic to Socotra islands of Yemen. Its natural habitat is rocky areas. A small herbaceous biennial plant with dark green ovate leaves. The small purple flowers have a yellow centre with fragrance.
 The European White Elm U. laevis cultivar 'Urticifolia' was raised by Jacques [1] as a chance seedling in 1830 and propagated by grafting. Listed in Revue Hort. 2: 128 1832 as U. urticifolia. It was later mentioned by de Vries in Plant Breeding 1906.
 Veronica spicata (spiked speedwell; syn. Pseudolysimachion spicatum) is a species of the genus Veronica.It is the county flower of Montgomeryshire in the United Kingdom. Cultivated varieties include blue ('Royal Candles') red ('Red Fox') and white ('Noah Williams').
 Mentzelia reflexa is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common name reflexed blazingstar. It is native to the Mojave Desert and adjacent mountain ranges in California and Nevada where it grows in rocky habitat and sometimes disturbed areas.
 Allium acuminatum also known as the tapertip onion or Hooker's onion a species in the genus Allium and is native to the Western United States and Canada. It has been reported from every state west of the Rocky Mountains plus British Columbia.Allium acuminatum produces bulbs that are spherical less than 2 cm across and smelling like onions. Scape is up to 40 cm tall wearing an umbel of as many as 40 flowers.
 Faurea macnaughtonii (Terblanz beech) is a species of tree in the Proteaceae family. It is found in South Africa and Swaziland and was named in honour of Colin B. MacNaughton Conservator of Forests at Knysna during the 1890s.
 Allium senescens commonly called either German garlic or broadleaf chives is a perennial plant in the genus Allium.
 Henriettea membranifolia is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Puerto Rico.
 Kunzea ambigua commonly known as the White Kunzea Poverty Bush or Tick Bush is a common shrub of the myrtaceae family found mainly on sandstone soils in eastern Australia. Growing up to 5 m (16 ft) high and wide it bears small white flowers in spring. Used in native gardening it attracts native insects. It is also used in amenities planting and sand dune stabilization.
 Dudleya attenuata common names including Orcutt's live-forever and Tapertip live-forever is plant species native to California and to Baja California.Leaves of this species are clavate up to 5 mm thick. Flowers are open rather than tubular borne in cymes with only 1-3 simple branches hence with fewer flowers than most related species.
 Juncus articulatus is a species of rush known by the common name Jointleaf Rush and more ambiguously as Jointed Rush which can also refer to J. kraussii from Australia . It is native to Eurasia and much of Canada and the United States. It grows in moist areas such as wet sand and thrives in calcareous soils. This is a perennial herb producing a mainly erect stem from a short rhizome. The stem may root at nodes and it generally has one or more cylindrical leaves up to 10 centimeters long.
 Nitella is a genus of alga in the family Characeae.
 Flindersia pimenteliana is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family. It may be known by the common name Maple Silkwood. The common name Maple Silkwood may also refer to Flindersia australis Flindersia brayleyana or Flindersia pubescens. It is found in Queensland (Australia) West Papua (Indonesia) and Papua New Guinea. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Madhuca brochidodroma is a plant in the Sapotaceae family. It grows as a tree up to 25 metres (80 ft) tall with a trunk diameter of up to 30 centimetres (12 in). The bark is reddish brown. Inflorescences bear up to six cream-coloured flowers. The specific epithet brochidodroma is from the Greek meaning loop-veined referring to the leaves. Habitat is peat swamp forest. M. brochidodroma is found in Sumatra and Borneo.
 Banksia epica is a shrub that grows on the south coast of Western Australia. A spreading bush with wedge-shaped serrated leaves and large creamy-yellow flower spikes it grows up to 3½ metres (11½ ft) high. It is known only from two isolated populations in the remote south east of the state near the western edge of the Great Australian Bight.
 Cyclostachya is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.nl:Cyclostachya
 Bulbophyllum lipense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Thyridolepis is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Eucalyptus dorrigoensis commonly known as the Dorrigo white gum is a species of eucalypt native to eastern Australia.
 Hernandia didymantha is a species of plant in the Hernandiaceae family. It is found in Colombia Costa Rica Honduras Nicaragua and Panama.
 Calophyllum obscurum is a species of flowering plant in the Calophyllaceae family.It is found only in Solomon Islands.
 Solidago spithamaea is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Blue Ridge goldenrod. It is native to a very small region around the border between North Carolina and Tennessee in the United States. Its three remaining populations are threatened by the loss and degradation of its habitat.
 Yakima bird's-beak also called clustered bird's-beak (Cordylanthus capitatus) is an uncommon plant of the Western U.S.
 Euphorbia canariensis commonly known as the Canary Island spurge or the Hercules club is a succulent member of the family Euphorbiaceae and genus Euphorbia endemic to the Canary Islands.
 Calycolpus warscewiczianus is a plant species native to Nicaragua Costa Rica Panamá and Venezuela.Calycolpus warscewiczianus is a tree up to 7 m high with exfoliating bark. Leaves are opposite ovate to oblong up to 8 cm long thick and leathery hairless three times as long as wide tapering at the tips. Flowers are whitish to pink fragrant. Berries are almost spherical about 1 cm in diameter. The species is related to C.
 Cupaniopsis wadsworthii sometimes commonly named Duckfoot and Scrub tuckeroo is an Australian species of shrubs of the flowering plant family Sapindaceae. The grow naturally in rainforests and seasonally dry rainforests noted as usually on hill slopes in rocky soil from Magnetic Island southwards to about Bulburin National Park central eastern Queensland.
 Senecio mattirolii is a perennial herb of the family Asteraceae endemic to altitudes between 3600–4500 meters (12000 - 15000 feet) on the slopes of the mountains of the Ruwenzori Mountains in Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo and an atypical species of the genus Senecio because it has purple flowers.Standing straight and tall and common in the open stony slopes on the mountains it lives on Senecio mattirolii achieves heights of 10 to 50 centimeters (4 to 20 inches).Stems and leaves A well-developed above ground reddish colored stem. 
 Anthurium gualeanum is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dirca (Leatherwood) is a genus of three or four species of flowering plants in the family Thymelaeaceae native to North America. The genus is named after Dirce in Greek mythology. The general common name for this deciduous shrub is leatherwood; others include moosewood ropebark and Powhatan-derived wicopy.
 Tayloria is a genus of mosses in the family Splachnaceae. It comprises 45 species divided among 6 subgenera:
 Navia splendens is a species of the genus Navia. This species is native to Venezuela.
 Moraea vuvuzela is a plant named after the noisy trumpet vuvuzela. Moraea is a genus of plants in family Iridaceae.
 Podocarpus angustifolius is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.It is found only in Cuba.
 Azolla caroliniana (Carolina Azolla Carolina Mosquito Fern Water velvet) is a species of Azolla native to the Americas in eastern North America from southern Ontario southward and from the east coast west to Wisconsin and Texas and in the Caribbean and in Central and South America from southeastern Mexico (Chiapas) south to northern Argentina and Uruguay.It is a freshwater aquatic fern with scale-like fronds 5–10 mm long green to reddish most often reddish in strong light and in winter. 
 Clematis viticaulis is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common names Millboro leatherflower and grape clematis. It is endemic to Virginia in the United States where it is known from Bath Augusta and Rockbridge Counties.This woody vine produces erect hairy stems up to half a meter long. The thin leathery oval leaves are up to 8 centimeters long by 4.5 wide and are oppositely arranged on the stems. The inflorescence is a single urn-shaped flower.
 Hippeastrum pardinum is a flowering perennial herbaceous bulbous plant in the Amaryllidaceae family from Peru to Bolivia. Originally collected in 1866 by Richard Pearce it was used in breeding programmes.
 Atuna travancorica is a species of plant in the Chrysobalanaceae family. It is endemic to India. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Asclepias viridis is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family known by the common names green milkweed green antelopehorn and spider milkweed. It is native to the southcentral and southeastern United States.This milkweed is a perennial herb with alternately arranged leaves. The inflorescence is an umbel of white flowers with purplish centers.This species grows on many types of soil.
 Galenia pubescens (Galenia or Coastal Galenia) is a low-growing perennial herb in the family Aizoaceae. It is native to southern Africa and naturalised elsewhere.
 Hexalobus salicifolius is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is found in Cameroon and Ivory Coast.
 Solanum pyracanthos also known as the Porcupine Tomato is an evergreen shrub native to tropical Madagascar and the islands of the western Indian Ocean of the genus Solanum a diverse and cosmopolitan family of plants with over 1500 members including the tomato potato and nightshades. The plant contains various toxic tropane alkaloids in its leaves stem and fruit and therefore should be considered dangerous to humans. S.
 Eremocaulon is a genus of bamboo (tribe Bambuseae of the family Poaceae). It is native to Brazil and comprises 5 species.
 Hebe hulkeana New Zealand lilac is a species of plant in the Plantaginaceae. Its pale mauve flowers are on long sprays which develop from the tips of the branches. The dainty flowers which occur in profusion last from October until December. The foliage is dark green and shiny. The leaves are elliptic to obtuse in shape and are 7-10cm long and 2-3cm wide. This cold-hardy plant is easy to grow providing it has well drained light soil and an open sunny position.
 Eupatorium chinense is a plant species in Asteraceae. The exact boundaries of this species have been defined differently by different authors. King and Robinson's 1987 paper defines it broadly to include Eupatorium japonicum Eupatorium makinoi some varieties of Eupatorium fortunei and other plants sometimes considered to be separate species.
 Vriesea drepanocarpa is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Garganega is a variety of white Italian wine grape widely grown in the Veneto region of North East Italy particularly in the provinces of Verona and Vicenza. It is Italy's 6th most widely planted white grape. It forms the basis of Venetian white wine Soave and is also a major portion of the blend used to make Gambellara.DNA typing studies in 2003 and 2008 have confirmed that the Grecanico Dorato (Grecanio) grape of Sicily is identical to Garganega.
 Thelesperma pubescens is a species of flowering plants in the aster family known by the common names hairy greenthread and Uinta greenthread. It is native to Wyoming and Utah in the United States. This species was first described in 1983.This species is a perennial herb growing from a woody taproot and branching caudex unit covered in the dried remnants of previous seasons' leaves. The stems grow up to about 12 centimeters tall.
 Harper's umbrella plant Eriogonum longifolium Nutt. var. harperi also known as Harper's buckwheat or Harper's umbrella plant is a dicot of the family Polygonaceae found in areas of nutrient-poor shale soils in Alabama Kentucky and Tennessee. It lives inconspicuously in an immature vegetative stage for four or more years before developing a flowering stalk then flowers and dies. It is listed as an endangered species by the state of Tennessee.
 Beilschmiedia vermoesenii is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family. It is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Prunus triloba sometimes called flowering almond a name shared with Prunus jacquemontii is a shrubby cherry sometimes becoming a small tree. The flowers are pale pink or white and the fruit are red and pubescent i.e. with soft hair. It originates from China. It is most often found in cultivation in the double flowered form P. triloba 'Multiplex' which has double pink flowers.
 Asclepias involucrata (common name dwarf milkweed) is a plant found in the American southwest.
 Schiedea lydgatei is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Kamalo Gulch schiedea and Pacific schiedea. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known only from the island of Molokai. It is threatened by the degradation and destruction of its habitat. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This plant is a subshrub growing up to a meter tall.
 Vriesea sparsiflora is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Phaleria macrocarpa (Buah Mahkota Dewa) is a dense evergreen tree growing well in tropical climates. Origin: New Guinea Indonesia.						16x Media related to Phaleria macrocarpa at Wikimedia Commons
 Bertolonia is a genus consisting of 14 species of pretty dwarf creeping tender perennials native to tropical South America. These herbaceous plants are grown for their colorful velvety ornamental foliages vary from shimmery white with purple pink with purple or bronze-green with carmine and lighter midribs purple beneath. Leaves are coarsely hairy oval 7cm (3in) long on short stalks.
 Schefflera arboricola (syn. Heptapleurum arboricolum) is a flowering plant in the family Araliaceae native to Taiwan as well as Hainan. It also goes by the common name Dwarf Umbrella Tree.
 Calliandra surinamensis is a low branching evergreen tropical shrub that is named after Suriname a country in Northern South America. The plant usually has complexly branched multiple trunks and grows to a height of about 5 metres although many sources suggest that it only attains a height of 3 metres. Left unpruned it grows long thin branches that eventually droop down onto the ground.
 Navia tentaculata is a species of the genus Navia. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Caladoc is a red French wine grape variety planted primarily in the southern wine regions such as the Languedoc. The grape is a crossing of Grenache and Malbec created by Paul Truel in 1958 at Institut National de la Recherche Agronomique (INRA).While the grape is used in several vin de pays in the Languedoc and Provence wine regions it is not officially permitted in any Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée (AOC) wines.
 Aechmea marginalis is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Guzmania fuerstenbergiana is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sagittaria trifolia is a plant species widespread across the wet areas in Europe and in much of Asia. It is native to Ukraine European Russia Siberia the Russian Far East Central Asia China India Iran Iraq Japan Korea Pakistan Indonesia the Philippines and many smaller countries in between. It is also naturalized in the Fiji Cook and Society Islands in the Pacific. Sagittaria trifolia has underground tubers and is cultivated as a food crop in parts of Asia.
 Thunbergia mysorensis also called Mysore trumpetvine or Indian clock vine is a species of flowering plant in the family Acanthaceae. A woody-stemmed evergreen this vine can be found in Spain (south) and in southern tropical India. The specific epithet mysorensis is derived from the city of Mysore. Other regional vernacular names include brick & butter vine lady's slipper vine and dolls' shoes due to the flower shape and large size.
 Ulmus uyematsui Hayata commonly known as the Alishan Elm is endemic to the forests (elevation 800–2500 metres or 2600–8200 feet) of Alishan Chiayi County [1] central Taiwan where it is considered one of the minor tree species. The tree was first named and described by the Japanese botanist Bunzō Hayata in 1913 in the aftermath of the First Sino-Japanese War when Formosa (now Taiwan) was ceded to Japan.
 Clermontia oblongifolia is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Oahu clermontia. It is one of several Hawaiian lobelioids in genus Clermontia that are known as ʻoha wai. This plant is native to three of the Hawaiian Islands where one subspecies is not uncommon but the other two are very rare and endangered.The more common subspecies ssp.
 Crataegus submollis is a species of hawthorn that grows to about 10 m in height and typically carries large crops of red fruit.This species is closely related to C. mollis but the two species have separate native ranges. Amongst other differences between these two species C. mollis has approximately 20 stamens whereas C. submollis has approximately 10 stamens per flower.
 Bulbophyllum repens is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Ardisia schlechteri is a species of plant in the Myrsinaceae family. It is endemic to Cameroon. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Brocchinia hechtioides is a species of the genus Brocchinia. This species is native to Venezuela.
 Psidium pedicellatum is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is a fruiting shrub or small tree endemic to Ecuador.
 Greigia alborosea is a species of the genus Greigia. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Galearis is a genus of the orchid family (Orchidaceae). Species Galearis spectabilis – Showy OrchisGalearis rotundifolia – Small Round-leaved Orchid moved to Amerorchis rotundifolia
 Banksia undata var. undata is a shrub endemic to Western Australia.It was known as Dryandra praemorsa var. praemorsa until 2007 when all Dryandra species were transferred to Banksia by Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele. As there was already a plant named Banksia praemorsa (Cut-leaf Banksia) Mast and Thiele were forced to choose a new specific epithet; their choice undata is from the Latin undatus (undulate) in reference to the wavy leaves.
 Golenkiniopsis is a genus of algae in the family Micractiniaceae.
 Polaskia (named after American amateur Charles Polaski) is a genus of tree-like cacti reaching 4–5 m high comprising 2 species. Both present primitive characteristics but Polaskia chichipe is nearer to Myrtillocactus while Polaskia chende is nearer to Stenocereus. The genus is found in the Mexican states of Puebla and Oaxaca.
 Beilschmiedia kweo is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family. It is endemic to Tanzania.
 Moraea hexaglottis is a species of plant in the Iridaceae family. It is endemic to Namibia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 The Mexican sarsaparilla also known as Smilax aristolochiifolia is a species in the genus Smilax and the family Smilacaceae. It is widely used as traditional medicine to treat many symptoms.
 Draba aureola is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known as the Mt. Lassen draba or Mt. Lassen whitlow-grass. This plant is native to the Cascade Range of western North America where it grows at elevations above 2000 meters. This is usually a perennial plant found growing in rocky areas such as volcanic cliffs and scree. It has one or more short stout stems which are covered in stiff hairs. The leaves grow in a dense basal clump at the ground.
 Luzula crinita is a species of flowering plant in the rush family that is native to the subantarctic islands of New Zealand and Australia. The specific epithet comes from the Latin crinitus (hairy tufted) with reference to the leaves.
 Baillonella toxisperma (also called African pearwood djave nut or moabi) is a species of tree in the family Sapotaceae and the only species in the genus Baillonella. It is found in Angola Cameroon the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Gabon and Nigeria. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss. The moabi tree's nut oil is a key component of Baka and other indigenous people's subsistence.
 Cavanillesia hylogeiton is a tree species in the mallow family. C. hylogeiton grows in Brazil and in the Pando Department of Bolivia; individuals can reach a height of more than 40 m.The trunk tapers and the bark is relatively smooth; the flowers are pink.
 Tetraberlinia tubmaniana is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Liberia.
 Nidularium innocentii var. lineatum is a species of the genus Nidularium. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Rupertia hallii is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Hall's California tea or Hall's rupertia. It is endemic to California where it is known only from a small section of the northern Sierra Nevada foothills on the border between Butte and Tehama Counties. It is a perennial herb approaching a meter in height with slender leafy branches. The leaves are each made up of three lance-shaped or oval pointed leaflets measuring up to 9 centimeters long.
 Hakea cycloptera commonly known as Elm-seed Hakea is a shrub which is native to Australia. It was named by botanist Robert Brown in 1810.
 Hypseochloa is a genus of grass containing two species: Hypseochloa cameroonensis C.E. Hubb. – Southern Nigeria Hypseochloa matengoensis C.E. Hubb. – Tanzania↑
 Epilyna is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Agrostis pallens is a species of grass known by the common name seashore bent grass. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to Montana to California where it grows in many types of habitat.
 Jacobaea gibbosa is a species (synonym Senecio gibbosus) of the genus Jacobaea and the family Asteraceae.
 Billbergia porteana is a species of the genus Billbergia. This species is native to Brazil.
 Correa lawrenceana also known as Mountain Correa is a shrub or small tree which is endemic to Australia.
 Senegalia etilis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found in Argentina and Bolivia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gompholobium grandiflorum known as the Large Wedge-pea is a shrub of the pea family which is endemic to the central eastern parts of New South Wales in Australia. A common plant around Sydney and the Blue Mountains. It is seen as far south as Jervis Bay.The habitat is heath on sandstone soils open forest or eucalyptus woodland. The specific epithet grandiflorum refers to the impressive lemon/yellow flowers. Leaves are in threes very narrow 20 to 30 mm long and 1 mm wide.
 Erythrina burttii is a flowering plant species in the genus of Erythrina found in Kenya and Ethiopia.E. burttii contains flavonoids with antimicrobial properties. 7-O-Methylluteone a prenylated isoflavone can be found in the bark. The isoflav-3-enes burttinol-A and burttinol-C and the 2-arylbenzofuran derivative burttinol-D also found in the root bark show an antiplasmodial activity.
 Bidens torta the corkscrew beggartick is a plant species.Methylated okanin derivatives can be isolated from Bidens torta. Those include okanin 343′4′-tetramethyl ether okanin 343′-trimethyl ether 4′-glucoside okanin 4-methyl ether 4′-glucoside and okanin 4-methyl ether 4′-glucoside monoacetate. Okanin 34-dimethyl ether 4′-glucoside can also be isolated.
 Shorea ochracea is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. The species name is derived from Latin (ochraceus = the colour ochre) and refers to the colour of the undersurface of the leaf. S. ochracea is endemic to Borneo. It is an emergent tree up to 50 metres (160 ft) tall in mixed dipterocarp forest on sandy clay soils and claysoils. It is a light hardwood sold under the trade names of White Meranti. S.
 Hemiandra commonly known as snakebush is a genus of plants of the family Lamiaceae. The genus contains eight species which are all restricted to southwestern Western Australia. They are all prostrate to smallish shrubs allied to Westringia. The red lilac pink or white flowers are 2-lipped the lower lip enlarged and spotted. The stiff narrow leaves often have prickly tips.SpeciesHemiandra australis B.J.Conn msHemiandra bellairsiana B.J.Conn ms Hemiandra coccinea O.H.Sarg.
 Bulbophyllum endotrachys is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Tambourissa cocottensis is a species of plant in the Monimiaceae family. It is endemic to Mauritius. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Drosera subg. Thelocalyx is a subgenus of two species in the genus Drosera. Both species appear to be very similar and are often confused in cultivation; both have small leaves arranged in a rosette and are annual plants. Their distributions do not overlap however with D. burmannii in Southeast Asia and Australia and D.
 Bischofia javanica (Bishop wood) is a plant species of the family Phyllanthaceae. It and the related B. polycarpa are the only two members of genus (Bischofia) and tribe (Bischofieae). These species are distributed throughout southern and southeast Asia to Australia and Polynesia also in North America (brought to North America as a decorative plant but now considered to be an invasive species).
 Senna italica Senegal senna Italian senna or Port Royal senna is a legume tree in the genus Senna. It is recognized by many other common names based on the regions it grows in. In India it is used to produce a dye known as “neutral henna”. Senegal senna is easily distinguishable through its many distinctive features. There are 3 subspecies of this plant based on the size of the inflorescence and the length of the petiole. The subspecies are italica micrantha and arachoides.
 Curcuma is a genus of about 80 accepted species in the plant family Zingiberaceae that contains such species as turmeric and Siam Tulip. The name comes from Arabic kurkum (كركم) meaning turmeric. Since assembly of the genus Curcuma by Linnaeus in 1753 about 130 species have been described so far. Some of the species descriptions are without Latin diagnosis or type specimen therefore the legitimate status of many species is suspicious and remains unclear.
 Bulbophyllum unitubum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Anredera cordifolia commonly known as the Madeira vine or mignonette vine is a South American species of ornamental succulent vine of the family Basellaceae. The combination of fleshy leaves and thick aerial tubers makes this a very heavy vine. It smothers trees and other vegetation it grows on and can easily break branches and bring down entire trees on its own.A. cordifolia is an evergreen climber that grow from fleshy rhizomes.
 Harrisia martinii is a species of night blooming cacti native to South America. With large showy flowers that attract the hawk moth it is considered by some a useful landscape plant in areas that so not freeze. Note however that Harrisia martinii is considered an exotic invasive in Australia Africa and the U.S. state of Hawaii.
 Cattleya hoehnei commonly known as Laelia mixta is a species of orchid endemic to Espírito Santo Brazil. It has been renamed as Cattleya hoehnei Van den Berg (2008).
 Vriesea hieroglyphica is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is endemic to Brazil. The name refers to the markings on the leaves that resemble hieroglyphs; it has been nicknamed king of the bromeliads.
 Aquilegia laramiensis is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common name Laramie columbine. It is endemic to Wyoming in the United States where it is known only from the Laramie Mountains.This rhizomatous perennial herb produces stems up to 25 centimeters long. The leaves are compound divided into leaflets. The nodding flowers have greenish white or lavender sepals up to 1.5 centimeters in length.
 Jatropha bullockii is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Mexico.
 Pandanus lacuum is a species of plant in the Pandanaceae family. It is endemic to New Caledonia.
 Piper fimbriulatum is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family. It is found in Colombia Costa Rica and Panama. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Anthoceros neesii is a species of hornwort in the Anthocerotaceae family. It is found in Austria the Czech Republic Germany and Poland. Its natural habitat is arable land. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hesperolinon disjunctum is a species of flowering plant in the flax family known by the common name Coast Range dwarf flax. It is endemic to California where it has a disjunct distribution along the North and Central Coast Ranges.It is a plant of serpentine soils in chaparral habitat.
 Carya ovalis the Red Hickory or Sweet Pignut Hickory is a fairly uncommon but widespread hickory native to eastern North America. It is typically found growing in dry well drained sandy upland ridges and sloped woodlands from southern Ontario Canada and in the United States east to New Hampshire south to northern Florida west to eastern Texas and north-west to Nebraska. This species was formerly treated as a variety or northern ecotype of the Pignut Hickory C.
 Dampiera dysantha (Shrubby Dampiera) is an undershrub in the family Goodeniaceae. The species grows to 70 cm high The flowers are blue or occasionally white to lilac and are covered on the outside with grey and rusty hairs. These generally appear between September and October in its native range.The species was first formally described as a variety of Dampiera rosmarinifolia by English botanist George Bentham in Flora Australiensis in 1868.
 Leptosiphon parviflorus (syn. Linanthus parviflorus) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name variable linanthus.
 Kadua degeneri (formerly Hedyotis degeneri) is a rare species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common names Waianae Range starviolet and Degener's bluet. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known only from the island of Oahu. There are four known populations totalling 370 individuals. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This is a branching shrub with clusters of flowers. The plant is limited to the Waianae Range on Oahu.
 Osmunda × intermedia is a semifertile hybrid between Osmunda japonica and Osmunda lancea.
 Pycnanthus is a genus of flowering plants in the nutmeg family Myristicaceae. There are 3 or 4 species all native to Africa.Species include:Pycnanthus angolensis - African nutmeg ilombaPycnanthus dinklageiPycnanthus marchalianus↑ ↑
 Miconia perelegans is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Cuba.
 Pradosia glaziovii was a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It was endemic to Brazil. It became extinct due to habitat loss.
 Glyceria maxima (Hartm.) Holmb. (syn. G. aquatica (L.) Wahlenb.; G. spectabilis Mert. & W.D.J. Koch; Molinia maxima Hartm.; Poa aquatica L.; Reed Mannagrass; Reed Sweetgrass) is a species of rhizomatous perennial grasses in the mannagrass genus native to Europe and Western Siberia and growing in wet areas such as riverbanks and ponds. It is highly competitive and invasive and is often considered to be a noxious weed outside its native range.
 Shorea stipularis is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 The Blue Latan Palm (Latania loddigesii) is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is found only in Mauritius.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 In taxonomy Halosphaera is a genus of algae specifically of the Pyramimonadales.
 Rhigozum is a genus of flowering plants in the Bignoniaceae family.These thorny African bushes can be classified as shrubs or as multi-stemmed trees that can grow up to three meters in height. The branches are rigid and twist in angular directions. The branches' arms are short. This genus can produce flowers between the months of September and December. They grow out in dry open woodland ion sandy soils or out of lime stone rocky outcrops.
 Buddleja davidii 'Snowbank 'is an American cultivar of unrecorded origin.
 Buddleja 'Ellen's Blue' is an American cultivar raised from a chance seedling of 'Lochinch' in the garden of Ellen Hornig at Oswego New York. Following the Royal Horticultural Society's Buddleja Euro-trials at Wisley 'Ellen's Blue' was recommended for an Award of Garden Merit in 2010.
 Neoregelia pernambucana is a species of the genus Neoregelia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Platanthera curvata is a species of orchid occurring from Tibet to southcentral China.
 Begonia hitchcockii is a species of plant in the Begoniaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eragrostis dielsii commonly known as mallee lovegrass is a species of grass endemic to Australia.
 Myrica pensylvanica the Northern Bayberry is a species of Myrica native to eastern North America from Newfoundland west to Ontario and Ohio and south to North Carolina.Myrica pensylvanica is a deciduous shrub growing to 4.5 m tall. The leaves are 2.5-7 cm long and 1.5-2.7 cm broad broadest near the leaf apex serrate and sticky with a spicy scent when crushed. The flowers are borne in catkins 3-18 mm long in range of colors from green to red.
 Rheum maximowiczii is a plant species in the genus Rheum.Maximol A can be found in R. maximowiczii.
 Navia glauca is a species of the genus Navia. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Sideroxylon angustum is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Cuba.
 Sararanga is a genus of flowering plants in the Pandanaceae family with two species that occur in the northern part of New Guinea the Bismarck Archipelago and Solomon Islands. They are palm-like dioecious trees and shrubs often called palms but not closely related to palm trees. The scientific name comes from the species of these plants named sararang in the Solomon Islands.
 Bulbophyllum latibrachiatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Huperzia cumingii is a species of plant in the Lycopodiaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Quercus oglethorpensis (also called Oglethorpe oak) is a species of plant in the Fagaceae family. It is endemic to the United States. It is named for Oglethorpe County Georgia where it was first discovered.
 Trifolium leibergii is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Leiberg's clover. It is native to Oregon and Nevada in the United States.This clover is a perennial herb growing 10 to 15 centimeters tall. The plant has a coating of gray hairs. The leaves are each made up of three spine-tipped leaflets. The inflorescence is a head of several flowers which are cream-colored with tinges of pink or purple.
 Hibanobambusa is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the grass family Poaceae. It consists of a single species of bamboo H. tranquillans native to woodland on Mount Hiba Japan. Some authorities consider it an intergeneric hybrid between Phillostachys nigra var. henonsis and Sasa veitchii f. tyugokensis.It is a spreading clump-forming bamboo growing to 2.5 m (8 ft) tall with very dark green leaves 25 cm (10 in) or more in length.
 Rhododendron beyerinckianum is a rhododendron species native to Indonesia and western Papua New Guinea extending as far east as Mount Victoria and Mount Dayman where it grows at altitudes of 1400-4000 meters. It is a shrub that grows to 5 m in height with leathery leaves that are narrowly ovate 6 x 3.5 cm in size. Flowers are tubular-funnel-shaped and usually dark red but also white yellow greenish or pink.
 Ficus maxima is a fig tree which is native to Mexico Central America the Caribbean and South America south to Paraguay. Figs belong to the Moraceae family. The specific epithet maxima was coined by Scottish botanist Philip Miller in 1768; Miller's name was applied to this species in the Flora of Jamaica but it was later determined that Miller's description was actually of the species now known as Ficus aurea.
 Buddleja davidii 'Rice Creek' is an American cultivar introduced by Betty Ann Addison and Harvey Buchite of Rice Creek Gardens Minnesota.
 Rigiopappus is a monotypic genus whose only species is Rigiopappus leptocladus. It is a flowering plant in the daisy family sometimes known as wireweed. It is an annual plant sending up slender stems terminating in small daisylike yellow flowers. It is native to the western United States. It is closely related to genus Pentachaeta.
 Hygrophila gracillima is a species of plant in the Acanthaceae family. It is found in Namibia and possibly Angola. Its natural habitats are intermittent rivers and intermittent freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Maianthemum stellatum (star-flowered starry or little false Solomon's seal or simply false Solomon's seal; starry false lily-of-the-valley; syn. Smilacina stellata) is a species of flowering plant native across North America generally from Alaska to California to North Carolina to Newfoundland. It has been reported from Every Canadian province and territory except Nunavut and from every US state except Hawaii Arkansas Louisiana Alabama Mississippi Georgia South Carolina and Florida.
 Boykinia rotundifolia is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name roundleafed brookfoam. It is endemic to Southern California where it grows in shady forested areas near streams in the mountains.
 Vivianiaceae is a family of flowering plants placed in the order Geraniales. The family name is derived from the genus Viviania Cav. It includes both the genus Viviania (te de burro) and genus Caesarea Cambess.There are around 1-4 genera in Vivianiaceae (Araeoandra Caesarea Cissarobryon Viviania; with all of four genera can be merged into one genus) and under the APG III system the genera from Ledocarpaceae - Balbisia (incl.
 Hopea glabra is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to India.
 Buddleja davidii 'Golden Sunset' is a little-known British cultivar not described in contemporary horticultural literature and last listed in the RHS Plantfinder in 1997. There is also a similarly obscure Buddleja × weyeriana cultivar of the same name with which it may have become confused. 'Golden Sunset' is not known to remain in cultivation.
 Westringia cremnophila commonly known as Snowy River Westringia is a rare shrub species that is endemic to Victoria Australia.
 Viguierella is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Villarsia is a genus of aquatic flowering plants in the family Menyanthaceae. The genus is named for the French botanist Dominique Villars (1745–1814). Villarsia are wetland plants with basal leaves. The inflorescence is a branched panicle with numerous flowers. Flowers are five-parted either yellow or white and the petals are adorned with wings.Villarsia is largely restricted to Australia but some species are found in Southeast Asia and V. capensis and others exist in South Africa.
 Brassiophoenix is a monoecious genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in Papua New Guinea. Of the two similar species one is more common in cultivation and was mistakenly identified as Brassiophoenix schumanni. In 1999 Zona and Estig showed that the commonly cultivated species was instead the type species Brassiophoenix drymophoeoides. The two species are distinguished by their separated geographical locations and minor differences in fruit form.
 Bulbophyllum longicaudatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Ivesia is also a synonym for the Nesticus spider genus.Ivesia is a genus of flowering plants in the rose family known generally as mousetails. They are perennial herbs native to western North America especially the western United States.
 Vachellia nilotica (widely known by the taxonomic synonym Acacia nilotica or the common names gum arabic tree Babul/Kikar Egyptian thorn Sant tree Al-sant or prickly acacia; called thorn mimosa or prickly acacia in Australia; lekkerruikpeul or scented thorn in South Africa; karuvela maram in South India) is a species of Vachellia native to Africa the Middle East and the Indian subcontinent.
 Haplocalymma is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Chimonanthus salicifolius is a species of the genus of wintersweets Chimonanthus and member of the family Calycanthaceae.[citation needed]
 Chondrorhyncha is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Astragalus annularis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known in Arabic by the common name hurbuth (حُربُث).
 Tapeinoglossum is a genus of orchids comprising 2 species endemic to New Guinea.
 This cultivar should not be confused with the American species Ulmus alata commonly known as the 'Winged Elm'.The cultivar 'Alata' was first mentioned by Kirchner[1] in Petzold[2] & Kirchner Arb. Muscav. 563 1864 as Ulmus montana (: glabra) alata but without description.
 Utricularia tridentata is a small terrestrial carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia. U. tridentata is endemic to South America where it is found in Argentina Brazil and Uruguay.
 Polygonum erectum is an annual plant species with upright or ascending stems. It is a common weed in disturbed locations with dry soils in the North Eastern USA where it is called erect knotweed. It was once cultivated for food by Native Americans as part of the group of crops known as the Eastern Agricultural Complex.
 Rubus arcticus the Arctic raspberry (includes Rubus arcticus ssp. acaulis - (Michx.)) is a species of slow-growing bramble belonging to the rose family. Its dark red fruit is considered a delicacy. In the Pacific Northwest it is sometimes called the nagoon or nagoonberry a name which derives from the Tlingit neigóon. A measure of the quality of its fruit is expressed in its Russian name княженика signifying the berry of princes.
 Sidalcea pedata also called Bird-footed Checkerbloom or Big Bear Checkerbloom is a rare and endangered perennial herb of California. It blooms between May and July. However it is an endemic species of California and only occurs in few places in the San Bernardino Mountains primarily at Bear Valley Bluff Lake. It grows at 1500–2100 m elevation in moist meadows to open woodlands and the unique pebble plain habitat of the area.
 Cocconerion is a genus of plants under the family Euphorbiaceae.
 Ventarura is a genus of extinct vascular plants of the Early Devonian (around 420 to 390 million years ago). Fossils were found in the Windyfield chert Rhynie Scotland. Some features such as bivalved sporangia borne laterally and the anatomy of the xylem relate this genus to the zosterophylls. Other features are unclear due to poor preservation.
 Gentiana triflora (三花龙胆 san hua long dan in Chinese called Clustered Gentian in English) is a tall flowering perennial plant in the genus Gentiana native to higher-elevation (600-1000 m) meadows and forests of China (Hebei Heilongjiang Jilin Liaoning Nei Mongol) Mongolia Eastern Russia Korea and Japan. Gentian blue petals predominantly contain the unusually blue and stable anthocyanin gentiodelphin (delphinidin 3-O-glucosyl-5-O-(6-O-caffeoyl-glucosyl)-3′-O-(6-O-caffeoyl-glucoside)).
 Jasione laevis is an ornamental plant. It was formerly known as Jasione perennis.
 Centropogon baezanus is a species of plant in the Campanulaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Astragalus agnicidus is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Humboldt County milkvetch. It is endemic to northern California where it is known only from two populations in Humboldt County and one in Mendocino County. The plant was undescribed until the 1950s. Until then it was known only from one 8-acre (32000 m2) ranch in Humboldt County where sheep ranchers blamed the unnamed species for the deaths of their animals which may have eaten it.
 Virola peruviana is a species of tree in the Myristicaceae family. It is found in Brazil (Amazonas Pará) Colombia Ecuador and Peru. It grows to a height of about 35 m (100 ft). The fruit is ellipsoidal 14-24 mm long and 11-23 mm in diameter forming groups of about 5 to 15.
 Dysoxylum papillosum is a tree in the Meliaceae family. The specific epithet papillosum is from the Latin meaning pimpled referring to the leaf surface when dry.
 Aneilema silvaticum is a species of plant in the Commelinaceae family. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Nigeria. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Euphorbia antisyphilitica is a species of spurge that is native to the Trans-Pecos of Texas and southern New Mexico in the United States as well as Chihuahua Coahuila Hidalgo and Querétaro in Mexico. Common names include Candelilla and Wax Plant but the latter is more often applied to members of the unrelated genus Hoya. It is shrubby and has densely clustered erect essentially leafless stems that are covered in wax to prevent transpiration.
 Glyceria striata is a species of mannagrass known by the common names fowl mannagrass and ridged glyceria. It is native to much of North America from Alaska and northern Canada to northern Mexico. It is a common bunchgrass species found in wet areas often in forests. Glyceria striata bears erect stems exceeding a meter in maximum height and firm narrow leaves. The spreading branches of the inflorescence hold oval-shaped to nearly round spikelets each with generally fewer than six florets.
 Allocasuarina inophloia or Stringybark She-Oak is a shrub or small tree of the she-oak family Casuarinaceae endemic to inland New South Wales and Queensland. The hairy bark is an unusual feature.
 Hedeoma todsenii is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Todsen's pennyroyal or Todsen's false pennyroyal. It is endemic to New Mexico in the United States where it occurs in the San Andres and Sacramento Mountains. It is federally listed as an endangered species of the United States.This plant was discovered on the White Sands Missile Range in 1978 by Thomas K. Todsen (1918-2010) and described to science and named for him the following year.
 Grevillea venusta commonly known as the Byfield Spider Flower is a woody shrub of the Proteaceae family native to a small region of central Queensland in eastern Australia. It has bright green leaves and unusually coloured green gold and blackish inflorescences.
 Aurinia saxatilis syn. Alyssum saxatile L. Alyssum saxatile L. var. compactum Hort.) is an ornamental plant native to Asia and Europe.
 Pantadenia is a genus of plants under the family Euphorbiaceae.
 Palaquium zeylanicum is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Pitcairnia lutescens is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ayapana triplinervis (aya-pana Water Hemp) is a tropical American shrub in the Asteraceae family. This plant has long slender leaves which are often used to make a stimulating medicine.
 Festuca arvernensis (also known as Field fescue) is a species of perennial plant from Poaceae family. It is native to France. It can also be found in such US states as California and New Mexico.
 Uleophytum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Monochoria is a genus of aquatic plants in the water hyacinth family Pontederiaceae. Species of this genus are native to tropical and subtropical Asia and Africa. They live in the water or in wet soils. They produce leaves on long petioles and some are cultivated for their attractive flowers.
 Phaleria capitata grows as a shrub or small tree up to 10 metres (30 ft) tall with a stem diameter of up to 15 centimetres (6 in). Twigs are reddish brown. Inflorescences usually bear five flowers. The fruits are roundish up to 1.5 cm (1 in) long. Habitat is forest from sea-level to 1200 metres (3900 ft) altitude. P.
 Cycas apoa is a species of cycad in the genus Cycas native to northern New Guinea. It occurs in the Sepik River basin in wet lowland forest in modestly seasonally flooded areas.It has erect stems up to 2.5 m tall. The leaves are hairy and orange at first soon losing the hair and becoming glossy bright green numerous and spreading 1.8-2.5 m long.
 Prostanthera arapilensis is a shrub in the family Lamiaceae. The species which is endemic to Victoria in Australia was formally described in 2006 based on plant material collected from Mount Arapiles.
 The Giant Palm or Rafia (Raphia australis) is a species of raffia palm in the Arecaceae family.It is found in Mozambique and South Africa.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sonchus acaulis Dum.-Cours. It is endemic to the Canary Islands of Gran Canaria and Tenerife.
 Bulbophyllum elliottii is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Agathis corbassonii is a species of Agathis endemic to New Caledonia where it occurs scattered throughout the north and centre of the island at altitudes of 300-700 m. It is threatened by habitat loss.It is a medium-sized to large evergreen tree growing to 40 m tall. The leaves are in decussate opposite pairs 4.5-7 cm long (up to 11 cm long on young plants) and 6-11 mm broad. The cones are globose 10 cm diameter and disintegrate at maturity to release the winged seeds.
 Sparganium natans is a species of bur-reed known by the common name small bur-reed. It is a water plant native to high elevation lakes and marshes of Canada and the northern United States. It is usually found submersed in shallow calm water. This bur-reed has thin flexible grasslike leaves which float in the water. Plants that spend more time out of water at the waterline are tougher and have shorter leaves.
 Rudolfiella floribunda is a species of orchid native to western South America.
 Dracula psittacina is a species of orchid.
 Gasteranthus mutabilis is a species of plant in the Gesneriaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Chrysosplenium iowense is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name Iowa golden-saxifrage. It is native to North America where it is primarily a Canadian species occurring from the northern Northwest Territories south to British Columbia and east to Manitoba. There are also disjunct relictual occurrences within the United States in the Driftless Area of Minnesota and Iowa.This plant is a stoloniferous herb with erect stems up to 15 centimeters tall.
 Cyathea metteniana is a species of tree fern native to the Ryukyu Islands Japan and Taiwan where it grows in wet forest forest margins and on hillsides. The trunk of this plant is erect up to 1 m tall and 6-10 cm in diameter. C. metteniana has tripinnate fronds that are 1-2.5 m long. The stipe is brown to purple-black in colouration. It is covered in long broad-based scales that are usually bicoloured (glossy brown with a paler margin).
 Cephalaria is a genus of about 65 species of flowering plants in the family Dipsacaceae native to southern Europe western and central Asia and northern and southern Africa. They are annual or perennial herbaceous plants growing to 0.8-2 m tall.Cephalaria species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including Schinia imperialis which feeds exclusively on C. procera.Selected species:Cephalaria alpina (L.) Roem. & Schult.Cephalaria ambrosioides (Sibth. & Sm.) Roem.
 'Chantrieri' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Nidularium in the Bromeliad family.
 Miconia demissifolia is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Aphelandra galba is a species of plant in the Acanthaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Elaeocarpus costatus is a flowering plant in the Elaeocarpaceae family. The specific epithet derives from the presence of ribs (Latin: costae) on the endocarp of the fruit.
 Polytrichum commune (also known as Common haircap moss Common hair moss great gold headed or Great Goldilocks) is a species of moss found in many regions with high humidity and rainfall. The species can be exceptionally tall for a moss with stems often exceeding 30 cm (12 inches) though rarely reaching 70 cm (28 inches) but it is most commonly found at shorter lengths of 5 to 10 cm (2 to 4 inches).
 Pedicularis dasyantha (woolly lousewort or arctic hairy lousewort) is a plant native to the high arctic areas of Svalbard Novaya Zemlya and the bordering mainland and the western Taymyr Peninsula. In Svalbard it is restricted to the main island Spitsbergen.It grows to 10–15 cm tall with a stout stem single or a few together from a thick yellow taproot. The basal leaves are numerous and pinnately divided into many remote segments.
 Oncidium lentiginosum is a species of orchid occurring from Colombia to northern Venezuela.
 Crepidium is a member of the family Orchidaceae endemic to the Philippines.
 Erigeron philadelphicus (Philadelphia fleabane) is a plant in the daisy family Asteraceae. Also known as Skevish Skervish Philadelphia daisy frost-root and poor robin's plantain.
 Trachyphrynium is a monotypic genus of plants native to tropical Africa. The only recognized species is Trachyphrynium braunianum (K.Schum.) Baker widespread from Liberia to Uganda.
 Eucalyptus gunnii (cider gum or gunnii) is a species of flowering plant in the family Myrtaceae endemic to Tasmania occurring on the plains and slopes of the central plateaux to around 1100 metres with isolated occurrences south of Hobart.It is a small- to medium-sized evergreen tree. Older specimens have a short massive bole and large spreading branches.
 Donax is a genus of plants. It contains only one recognized species: Donax canniformis (G.Forst.) K.Schum widespread from the Andaman Islands Myanmar (Burma) southern China Southeast Asia New Guinea Melanesia and Micronesia.
 Simarouba glauca is a species of flowering tree that is native to Florida in the United States southern Florida South America and the Lesser Antilles. Common names include Paradise Tree Aceituno and Bitterwood. Its seeds produce an edible oil. The tree is well suited for warm humid tropical regions. Its cultivation depends on rainfall distribution water holding capacity of the soil and sub-soil moisture. It is suited for temperature range of 10 to 40 °C (50 to 104 °F).
 Vicia americana is a species of legume in the vetch genus known by the common names American vetch and purple vetch. It includes a subspecies known as mat vetch. It is a climbing perennial forb that grows from both taproot and rhizome. The leaves are each made up of oblong leaflets and have tendrils for climbing. It bears showy pea-like flowers in shades of lavender and fuchsia. The fruit is a hairless pod about 3 centimeters long that contains usually two light brown peas.
 Mallalie (Eucalyptus eudesmoides) is a rounded bushy mallee eucalypt native to Western Australia. Mature trees are usually 2–3 m high occasionally up to 6 m. It may flower from January to May.
 Macrolobium is a legume genus in the subfamily Caesalpinioideae.
 Cyathea squamulata is a species of tree fern native the Malay Peninsula Sumatra Java Borneo and the southern Philippines including the Sulu Archipelago where it grows in forest from the lowlands to an altitude of about 1500 m. The trunk is erect and up to 2 m tall. Fronds are pinnate or bipinnate and approximately 1.5 m long. The stipe is covered in densely packed firm medium brown scales. Sori occur near the fertile pinnule midvein and lack indusia.
 Bulbophyllum rhomboglossum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Brazilian Verbena and Brazilian Vervain redirect here. See also below for a common misapplication of those names.Brazilian Verbena or Brazilian Vervain Verbena brasiliensis is a flowering plant species from the vervain family (Verbenaceae). It is native to parts of South America namely Brazil but has spread its range in recent times and has occasionally become an invasive weed.In the past several botanists have mistakenly applied the scientific name of the Purpletop Vervain V.
 Lulia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Buddleja × weyeriana 'Golden Glow' was one of the two original × weyeriana cultivars (the other 'Moonlight') raised by Major van de Weyer at his Corfe Castle home during the First World War. The shrub was accorded the RHS Award of Merit in 1923.
 Nabalus albus white rattlesnake root is a plant in the family Asteraceae.Leaves are saggitate. Nodding flowers appear terminally on the stalk and inside the leaf axil.
 Fosterella robertreadii is a species of the genus Fosterella.
 Plectranthus rotundifolius or Solenostemon rotundifolius commonly known as native or country potato in Africa and called Chinese potato in India is a perennial herbaceous plant of the mint family (Lamiaceae) native to tropical Africa. It is cultivated for its edible tubers primarily in West Africa as well as more recently in parts of Asia especially India Sri Lanka Malaysia and Indonesia.P.
 Neotinea ustulata (burnt-tip orchid) is a European terrestrial orchid native to mountains in central and southern Europe growing at up to 2400 m (7900 ft) elevation. The plant is considered Endangered in Great Britain and Least Concern internationally based on IUCN Red List criteria. The burnt-tip orchid was voted the county flower of Wiltshire in 2002 following a poll by the wild flora conservation charity Plantlife.
 Pultenaea pedunculata commonly known as matted bush-pea is a prostrate shrub that is endemic to south-eastern Australia. It is a member of the genus Pultenaea and the family Fabaceae. The pea flowers are usually yellow with red centres appearing between September and December in the species native range.
 Amyrea is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae.
 Halesia monticola or mountain silverbell was originally included in H. carolina but was identified first as a subspecies by Rehder in 1914 then as a species by Sargent in 1921. Today some authoritative sources regard this only as a subspecies while other authoritative sources regard it as a species as it is being treated here.H. monticola is much larger than the little silverbell and is the largest member of the genus. It is known to grow 24 meters tall in the Great Smoky Mountains.
 Calylophus serrulatus is a species of flowering plant in the Onagraceae known by the common name yellow sundrops. Other common names include halfshrub sundrop serrate-leaved evening primrose shrubby evening primrose plains yellow primrose and halfleaf sundrop. It is native to central North America including central Canada and the central United States.This plant is a subshrub which branches and forms a bushy clump up to 18 inches tall. The toothed leaves are up to 3.5 inches long.
 Porolabium is a monotypic genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae. The sole species is Porolabium biporosum.
 Xerochrysum bicolor is a flowering plant in the family Asteraceae native to Tasmania where it is found in wetter habitats near the coast. It was originally described by Lindley in 1835 as Helichrysum bicolor before gaining its current name in 2001.It is a compact annual or perennial which normally grows to about 40 cm in height and 50 cm wide and is usually simple or few-branched. The leaves are lanceolate and range from 2.5 to 10 cm long by 0.3 to 1.4 cm wide.
 Petasites albus is a plant species in the genus Petasites commonly referred to as White Butterbur.
 Ozothamnus rogersianus commonly known as Nunniong Everlasting is a shrub in the family Asteraceae. It is endemic to Victoria Australia.It grows to 2.5 metres high and has narrowly linear leaves that are 10 to 40 mm long and 1 to 2 mm wide. These have green upper surfaces while underneath they are covered with fine white hairs and a sticky yellowish resin.
 Excoecaria dallachyana the Scrub Poison Tree or Brush Poison Tree is a species of plant in the Spurge family. It is found from the Clarence River New South Wales to Townsville Queensland. The habitat is rainforest by streams or in the drier form of rainforest. The leaves are toxic to stock and the sap is irritating to human skin. A slender tree which may reach 15 metres tall.
 Streptanthus polygaloides is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name milkwort jewelflower. It is endemic to the Sierra Nevada foothills of California where it grows in woodlands and chaparral generally on serpentine soils.
 Olearia elliptica subsp. praetermissa is a flowering plant in the daisy family. The subspecific epithet means “overlooked” referring to the fact that this distinctive endemic subspecies was long overlooked.
 Macaranga conglomerata is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is found in Kenya and Tanzania. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pachycereus pringlei also known as Mexican Giant Cardon or Elephant Cactus is a species of cactus that is native to northwestern Mexico in the states of Baja California Baja California Sur and Sonora. It is commonly known as Cardón a name derived from the Spanish word cardo meaning thistle.Large stands of these magnificent cactus still exist but many have been destroyed as land has been cleared for cultivation in Sonora.
 Planaltoa is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Chromolepis is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Ostrya is a genus of eight to ten small deciduous trees belonging to the birch family Betulaceae. Its common name is Hophornbeam in American English and Hop-hornbeam in British English. It may also be called ironwood a name shared with a number of other plants.The genus is native in southern Europe southwest and eastern Asia and North and Central America. They have a conical or irregular crown and a scaly rough bark. They have alternate and double-toothed birch-like leaves 3–10 cm long.
 Warburgia is a genus of plant in family Canellaceae. It was named for the German botanist Otto Warburg. Extracts of Warburgia ugandensis have been reported to show some antimalarial properties in animal models.
 Zieria granulata also known as the Illawarra Zieria is a rare Australian plant in the Citrus family only found near Kiama.
 Scaphyglottis atwoodii is a species of epiphytic orchid from Costa Rica. It is known from only one location at Finca de Selva 3 km east of Puerto Viejo de Sarapiquí.Scaphyglottis atwoodii is an epiphytic herb with stems up to 20 cm long. Leaves are oblong to elliptical up to 10 cm long. Flowers solitary or in small clusters. Sepals narrowly lancolate up to 2 mm long. Petals are up to 6 mm long.
 Voacanga havilandii grows as a small tree up to 15 metres (50 ft) high with a trunk diameter of up to 15 centimetres (6 in). The bark is pale green to whitish. Its flowers feature a white or cream corolla. Fruit is up to 5 cm (2 in) in diameter. Habitat is lowland forest from sea-level to 200 metres (700 ft) altitude. V. havilandii is endemic to Borneo.
 Tonestus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae. There are about four species:Tonestus eximiusTonestus graniticusTonestus lyalliiTonestus pygmaeusSometimes Tonestus peirsonii is included.
 Phacelia vallicola is a species of phacelia known by the common name Mariposa phacelia. It is endemic to California where it is known only from the Sierra Nevada and adjacent southermost slopes of the Cascade Range. It grows in coniferous forest chaparral and other mountain and foothill habitat. It is an annual herb growing erect to a maximum height around 27 centimeters. It is coated in soft and stiff hairs. The leaves are oval or lance-shaped smooth-edged and borne on short petioles.
 Flemingia is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It is native to Asia and the species are distributed in Bhutan Burma China India; Indonesia Laos Malaysia Nepal Pakistan Papua New Guinea Philippines Sri Lanka Taiwan Thailand and Vietnam. The genus was founded in 1812. The number of known species is ambiguous due to taxonomic problems; and is usually enumerated as more than 30.
 Dendrobium amboinense is a species of orchid.
 Heteranthera is a genus of aquatic plants in the water hyacinth family Pontederiaceae known generally as mud plantains. Species of this genus are native to tropical and subtropical America and Africa. They live in the water or in wet soils. They produce leaves on long petioles and some are cultivated for their attractive flowers. Leaves are of two types - linear and submerged or orbicular and floating. Some species have cleistogamic flowers.
 Delphinium umbraculorum is a species of larkspur known by the common name umbrella larkspur. It is endemic to California where it grows in the woodlands of the coastal mountain ranges from Monterey to Ventura Counties. It is a perennial herb producing an erect stem 40 to about 80 centimeters tall. The hairless leaves are located at the base of the plant and along the stem as well. The inflorescence bears several flowers with reflexed dark blue sepals and a spur over a centimeter long.
 Ulmus parvifolia 'Burnley Select' is a Chinese Elm cultivar grown from seed taken from a mature tree at the Burnley (horticultural) College University of Melbourne and selected by Dr Peter May.
 Euphorbia ankaranae is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is rocky areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Athanasia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Miltonia candida the Snow-white Miltonia is a species of orchid endemic to southeastern Brazil.
 Kickxia spuria is a species of flowering plant in the Plantaginaceae known by several common names including roundleaf cancerwort and round-leaved fluellin. It is native to Europe and Asia but it is present on other continents as an introduced species and sometimes a noxious weed. This is a low hairy herb with a creeping stem with many branches. It produces rounded fuzzy leaves at wide intervals along the stem and solitary snapdragon-like flowers.
 American ginseng (Panax quinquefolius) is a herbaceous perennial plant in the ivy family commonly used as Chinese or herbal medicine. An extract is sold as Cold-fX. It is native to eastern North America though it is also cultivated in places such as China.There is little evidence to support that American ginseng is effective in the common cold. All trials evaluating the efficacy were funded by the manufacturer and there has been poor data reporting.
 Delphinium hansenii is a species of larkspur known by the common names Eldorado larkspur and Hansen's delphinium. It is endemic to California where it grows in mountains valleys and desert from the southern Cascade Range to the Mojave Desert. This wildflower usually grows between one half and one meter in height although it can grow much taller. The deeply lobed leaves are hairy especially on the undersides.
 Pouteria hotteana is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is found in Haiti and Puerto Rico.
 Ostrya virginiana (American hophornbeam) is a species of Ostrya native to eastern North America from Nova Scotia west to southern Manitoba and eastern Wyoming southeast to northern Florida and southwest to eastern Texas and northeastern Mexico. Other names include eastern hophornbeam hardhack (in New England) ironwood and leverwood. It is a deciduous understory tree growing to 18 m tall and 0.2–0.5 m trunk diameter. The bark is brown to gray-brown with small shaggy plates flaking off.
 Bulbophyllum cornutum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Myristica byssacea is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 Lepidosperma filiforme also known as the Common Rapier-sedge is a sedge that occurs in coastal regions of south-eastern Australia. Plants grow to between 0.3 and 1 metre high. The culms are smooth rigid terete and between 0.7 and 2 mm in diameter. The leaves are also terete and about 1 mm in diameter with sheaths that are staw coloured or reddish.The species was formally described in 1805 by French botanist Jacques Labillardière in 1805 based on plant material collected from Tasmania.
 The Mountain fig (Ficus glumosa) is an Afrotropical fig shrub or tree growing up to 20 m tall. It is found over a range of altitudes and broken terrain types including kopjes outcrops escarpments and lava flows or in woodlands. It is for the greater part absent from the tropical rainforest zone or the dry interior regions of Botswana Namibia and South Africa.
 Polyalthia hirtifolia is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lactuca virosa is a plant in the Lactuca (lettuce) genus ingested often for its mild psychotropic (specifically hypnotic or sedative) effects which are often described as being similar to that of opium. It is related to common lettuce (L. sativa) and is often called Wild Lettuce Bitter lettuce Laitue vireuse Opium Lettuce Poisonous Lettuce Tall Lettuce or Rakutu-Karyumu-So.It can be found locally in the south east and east of England.
 Pulicaria is a genus of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family. It contains over one hundred species including: Pulicaria aromatica Pulicaria dioscorides Pulicaria diversifolia Pulicaria dysenterica Pulicaria elegans Pulicaria lanata Pulicaria paludosa Pulicaria stephanocarpa Pulicaria vieraeoides Pulicaria vulgaris
 Lawrencia is a plant genus in the family Malvaceae. The genus is endemic to Australia.Species include:Lawrencia berthae (F.Muell.) Melville - Showy Lawrencia Lawrencia buchananensis LanderLawrencia chrysoderma Lander Lawrencia cinerea LanderLawrencia densiflora (Baker f.) MelvilleLawrencia diffusa (Benth.) MelvilleLawrencia glomerata Hook. - Clustered LawrenciaLawrencia helmsii (F.Muell.
 Lindmania saxicola is a species of the genus Lindmania. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Ophryosporus is a genus of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family. It contains 48 species most of them from South America.It contains the following species: O. apricus - Peru O. bipinnatifidus - Peru O. densiflorus - Ecuador O. ferreyrii - Peru O. galioides - Peru O. hartwegii - Peru O. hoppii - Peru O. macbridei - Peru O. marchii - Peru O. mathewsii - Peru O. ovatus - Peru O. pubescens - Peru O. sagasteguii - Peru
 Citrullus ecirrhosus commonly known as Namib Tsamma is a species of perennial desert vine in the Cucurbitaceae (gourd) family a relative of the widely consumed watermelon (Citrullus lanatus). It can be found in both Namibia and South Africa in particular the Namib Desert.The vines can crawl for up to two metres and it has yellow flowers. As a desert plant it is a hardy species surviving with little water and lots of sunlight. The leaves form annual stems which die back each year.
 Andreaea regularis is a species of moss that grows in Antarctica and on the South Shetland Islands.
 Geranium psilostemon commonly called Armenian cranesbill is a species of hardy flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the genus Geranium Geraniaceae family. It is native to Turkey Armenia Azerbaijan and the Russian Federation. It has glowing reddish purple colored flowers with leaves tinted red in Autumn.
 Hexisea is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae). The genera Costaricaea Schltr. and Euothonaea Rchb.f. are synonyms of Hexisea. This genus is abbreviated Hxsa in trade journals.
 Boechera cobrensis (syn. Arabis cobrensis) is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Masonic rockcress and sagebrush rockcress. It is native to the western United States from eastern California to Wyoming where it is found in sandy habitat especially sagebrush. This is a perennial herb growing several erect slender stems to heights near half a meter from a branching caudex.
 Eriogonum pyrolifolium (Shasta Buckwheat Pyrola-leafed Buckwheat Alpine Buckwheat Alpine Eriogonum Oarleaf Buckwheat or Dirty Socks) is a species of wild buckwheat. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to the high mountains of California.
 Nepenthes smilesii (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˈsmaɪlzi.aɪ/ or /smaɪˈliːzi.aɪ/) is a tropical pitcher plant native to northeastern Thailand southern Laos Cambodia and western Vietnam. Nepenthes smilesii can tolerate an extended dry season and is most common in open sandy savannah and grassland.The specific epithet smilesii refers to plant collector Frederick Henry Smiles who made the first known collection of this species.
 Calochortus albus also known as the Globe Lily or Fairy Lantern as well as other names including Satin Bells White Globe Tulip Alabaster Tulip and Indian Bells is a California native plant in the Calochortus genus.
 Ilex marginata is a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family. It is endemic to Venezuela.
 Rafflesia philippensis is a parasitic plant species of the genus Rafflesia that was named by Blanco in his Flora de Filipinas in 1845. R. philippensis is known only from a mountain located between the provinces of Laguna and Quezon Luzon where it was first discovered. Its plant host is Tetrastigma pisicarpum.
 Neokochia americana (syn. Bassia americana Kochia americana) is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family subfamily Camphorosmoideae known by the common name green molly.
 Sideroxylon inerme subsp. inerme (aMasethole or white milkwood Afrikaans: wit-melkhout Xhosa: Ximafana Zulu: Umakhwelafingqane) is a Southern African coastal tree with dense foliage black berries and small dainty white flowers. The tree's formal name means Iron-wood in Greek referring to its very hard timber.It is one of South Africa's Protected Trees and several specimens are provincial heritage sites. This is the only member of the Sideroxylon genus in Southern Africa.
 Hechtia reticulata is a species of the genus Hechtia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Frullania asagrayana is a reddish-brown species of liverwort in the Jubulaceae family that grows in eastern North America.
 Hieracium sprucei is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family that is endemic to Ecuador.
 Salpiglossis /ˌsælpɨˈɡlɒsɨs/ is a genus of the botanical family Solanaceae. Salpiglossis derives from the Greek for trumpet (salpinx) and tongue (glossa).
 Lunania racemosa is a species of plant in the Salicaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Tillandsia elongata is a species native to Venezuela of the genus Tillandsia.
 Hosta albofarinosa is a species of the genus Hosta.
 Erythrina schimpffii is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in Ecuador. Its natural habitat is both the subtropical and tropical moist montane forests.
 Vachellia leucophloea (Hindi: रेवंजा) also called reonja is a moderate sized tree sometimes mistaken for Prosopis cineraria with spreading crown and somewhat malformed and crooked trunk. It attains a height of about 20 to 30 ft and a girth of 2 to 3 ft. New leaves appear in April and yellowish white flowers appear from August to October. The pods ripe by April and the seeds germinate readily if moisture is available. The tree is very hardy and stands drought well.
 Baphia nitida (camwood) also known as African sandalwood is a shrubby hard-wooded African tree. Its wood is commonly used to make a red dye. The earliest dye wood (Camwood) was from West Africa. The source of the dye which is soluble in alkali is the bark and heart of the tree.Camwood is a red dye-wood imported from tropical West Africa and obtained from Baphia nifida a leguminous tree of the suborder Caesalpinieae.
 Pycnanthemum incanum (Hoary Mountainmint mountain mint Wild Basil Hoary Basil) is a herbaceous perennial in the mint family native to North America. It is listed as an endangered species in Vermont and New Hampshire as well as in Ontario where there are only two remaining populations located within a single stretch of oak savanna in Burlington. There is currently a recovery strategy in place organized by the Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources to monitor these last populations.
 Philadelphus x lemoinei is a shrub in the genus Philadelphus. In 1884 Victor Lemoine crossed Philadelphus microphyllus with Philadelphus coronarius and produced this hybrid plant which he named P. Lemoinei. The following cultivars have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit:-P. Manteau d'Hermine[1]P. Belle etoile[2]
 Myrsine raiateensis is a species of plant in the Myrsinaceae family. It is endemic to French Polynesia.
 Lupinus microcarpus the wide-bannered lupine or chick lupine is a species of lupine native to western North America from southwestern British Columbia south through Oregon and California including the Mojave Desert and into Baja California. There is also a disjunct population in South America with locations in central Chile and western Argentina.
 Homalomena wallisii is a species of flowering plant in the Araceae family from Venezuela. It reaches about 6(15 cm) in height but with a much wider spread. The leaf blades are elliptic to ovate-oblong in shape about 5 - 8 (13 - 20 cm) in length on rather short stalks arching or recurving bright-green in colour with a markings of a marbled yellow. It can be confused with the rather similar Aglaonema.
 For other uses see Styrax (disambiguation).Styrax is a genus of about 130 species of large shrubs or small trees in the family Styracaceae mostly native to warm temperate to tropical regions of the Northern Hemisphere with the majority in eastern and southeastern Asia but also crossing the equator in South America.
 Bulbophyllum wakoi is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Bulbophyllum xanthophaeum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 In taxonomy Trebouxia is a genus of algae specifically of the Microthamniales.
 Tagetes subulata is an herbaceous plant of the Central Americas recorded as far south as Venezuela and as far north as Mexico. It has highly divided bright green leaves and yellow flowers contained in an elongated calyx. Snonyms include Tagetes scoparia Tagetes multiseta and Tagetes wislizeni.
 Melaleuca trichophylla is a shrub which is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. Its pink or purple flowers appear from August to December (late winter to early summer) in its native range.It usually grows to between 0.15 and 1 metre in height and occurs on sandplains and hillsides.The species was first formally described by botanist John Lindley in 1839 in A Sketch of the Vegetation of the Swan River Colony.
 Bazzania trilobata is a species of liverwort in the Lepidoziaceae family. It grows in the northern hemisphere temperate zone.
 Elaeis (from Greek meaning oil) is a genus of palms containing two species called oil palms. They are used in commercial agriculture in the production of palm oil. The African oil palm Elaeis guineensis (the species name guineensis referring to its country of origin) is the principal source of palm oil it is native to west and southwest Africa occurring between Angola and Gambia.
 Alyogyne hakeifolia is a flowering plant found in southern regions of Australia. The plant is similar to a Hibiscus and was assumed to be part of that genus for many years. It is known to have been cultivated in England since the mid nineteenth century.
 Scaphophyllum speciosum is a species of plant in the family Solenostomataceae. It is found in Bhutan China Nepal and Taiwan. Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Xylocarpus is a genus of plants in the mahogany family (Meliaceae). It includes two or three species of mangroves native to coastal mangrove forests of the Western and Central Indo-Pacific from eastern Africa to Tonga. Xylocarpus is the only mangrove genus in family Meliaceae.
 Cattleya lawrenceana is a species of labiate Cattleya orchid.16x Media related to Cattleya lawrenceana at Wikimedia Commons
 Peperomia fagerlindii is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Bruguiera exaristata commonly known as the rib-fruited mangrove or rib-fruited orange mangrove is a mangrove of the family Rhizophoraceae native to Timor New Guinea and northern Australia.
 Acacia baileyana or Cootamundra wattle is a shrub or tree in the genus Acacia. The scientific name of the species honours the botanist Frederick Manson Bailey. It is indigenous to a small area of southern New South Wales in Australia but it has been widely planted in other Australian states and territories. In many areas of Victoria it has become naturalised and is regarded as a weed out-competing indigenous Victorian species.Almost all wattles have cream to golden flowers.
 The Great Blue Lobelia (Lobelia siphilitica) is a species within the Campanulaceae family. It is an herbaceous perennial dicot native to eastern and central Canada and United States. Growing up to three feet tall it lives in zones 4 to 9 in moist to wet soils. It produces a spike of zygomorphic flowers in the late summer.It blooms from August to October.
 Acanthomintha ilicifolia known by the common name San Diego thornmint is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family. It is native to Baja California and San Diego County California where it is a resident of the chaparral and coastal sage scrub plant communities and vernal pools. Acanthomintha ilicifolia has been extirpated from many of the sites where it was previously noted in San Diego County. It is a federally listed threatened species in the United States.
 Ascocentrum christensonianum is a species of orchid found in Vietnam.
 Hastingsia is a small genus of flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae subfamily Agavoideae known generally as rushlilies. These are small perennial herbs endemic to serpentine soils of the Siskiyou-Klamath region in northern California and SW Oregon in the United States.
 Calyptocarpus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae. The name is derived from the Greek kalypto (covered or hidden) and karpos (fruit). Species are distributed in the southern United States Mexico and Central America.These are perennial herbs with decumbent to prostrate stems up to 30 centimeters long. The oppositely arranged leaves have blades of various shapes with toothed edges. Flower heads are solitary in the leaf axils.
 Campylotropis is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the sub family Faboideae and consists of a number of species of perennials native to Nepal China Korea and Taiwan.
 Schoenocrambe argillacea (syn. Hesperidanthus argillaceus) is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names clay reed-mustard Uinta Basin plainsmustard and clay thelypody. It is endemic to Utah in the United States where it is known only from Uintah County. It is threatened by oil and gas exploration in its habitat.
 Grevillea steiglitziana also known as Brisbane Range Grevillea is a spreading shrub which is endemic to Victoria Australia. It grows to between 0.7 and 2 metres in height . The flowers which are greenish-brown with red styles appear between September and January (early spring to mid summer) in its native range. The species was first formally described by Norman Wakefield in Victorian Naturalist in 1956.G. steiglitziana occurs in dry sclerophyll forest in the Brisbane Ranges.
 Bulbophyllum ledungense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Goodyera oblongifolia is a species of orchid known by the common names western rattlesnake plantain and giant rattlesnake plantain. It is native to much of North America particularly the western side of the continent from Alaska to Mexico and to eastern Canada. It is most commonly found in mountain forests often in the understory of conifers. This orchid forms a patch of broad lance-shaped to oval-shaped leaves at the ground each 4 to 9 centimeters long.
 Neottieae is an orchid tribe in the subfamily Epidendroideae.
 The cultivar 'Scampstoniensis' the Scampston Elm originated at Scampston Hall Yorkshire England before 1810. Henry described the tree as a weeping form of U. nitens (:Ulmus minor) from a specimen grown in Victoria Park Bath however Green considered it probably a form of Ulmus × hollandica
 Sagittaria macrophylla common name papa de agua is an aquatic plant species endemic to central Mexico (States of Jalisco Michoacán México Hidalgo and the Distrito Federal) primarily in the region close to the nation's capital. It grows in clean shallow slow-moving water. It is considered threatened by habitat destruction due to urbanization.Sagittaria macrophylla produces underground tubers that are starchy and edible.
 Cyathea junghuhniana is a species of tree fern native to southern and central Sumatra and western Java where it grows in forest at an altitude of 1000-2000 m. The trunk of this species is erect and may be 2 m tall or more. Fronds are tripinnate and up to about 3 m long. The stipes of this species are persistent and form a skirt around the trunk. They are brown spiny and covered with glossy dark brown scales.
 In taxonomy the Oltmansiellopsidales are an order of green algae specifically the Ulvophyceae.
 Lambertia multiflora commonly known as Many-flowered Honeysuckle is a multi-stemmed shrub which is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It grows to between 0.5 and 2.5 metres high and flowers from winter to summer.There are two varieties:Lambertia multiflora var. darlingensis Hnatiuk - with yellow flowersLambertia multiflora var. mutiflora - with orange-red flowers↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ ↑
 Arctostaphylos parryana with the common name Parry manzanita is a species of manzanita.
 Capsicum frutescens is a species of chili pepper that is sometimes considered to be part of the species Capsicum annuum. Pepper cultivars in Capsicum frutescens can be annual or short-lived perennial plants. Flowers are white with a greenish white or greenish yellow corolla and are either insect- or self-pollinated. The plants' berries typically grow erect; ellipsoid-conical to lanceoloid shaped. They are usually very small and pungent growing 10–20mm long and 3–7mm in diameter.
 Grevillea repens (Creeping Grevillea) is a prostrate shrub which is endemic to Victoria Australia.It grow to 3 metres in diameter. Flowers appear between October and April (mid spring to mid autumn) in its native range. These have perianths which are light green or grey and green-tipped styles that are otherwise deep burgundy in colour or less commonly dull pink yellow or green.G.
 Banksia vestita commonly known as Summer Dryandra is a shrub endemic to Western Australia. It was known as Dryandra vestita until 2007.
 Carya laciniosa the shellbark hickory in the Juglandaceae or walnut family is also called shagbark hickory bigleaf shagbark hickory kingnut big bottom thick or western shellbark attesting to some of its characteristics. It is a slow-growing long-lived tree hard to transplant because of its long taproot and subject to insect damage. The nuts largest of all hickory nuts are sweet and edible. Wildlife and people harvest most of them; those remaining produce seedling trees readily.
 Anemone canadensis (Canada anemone round-headed anemone meadow anemone crowfoot) is a herbaceous perennial native to moist meadows thickets streambanks and lakeshores in North America spreading rapidly by underground rhizomes valued for its white flowers.
 Nasa hornii is a species of plant in the Loasaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Cryptochilus is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Frasera caroliniensis commonly known as American columbo or yellow gentian is a herbaceous perennial of the gentian family Gentianaceae found in the deciduous forest of Southern Ontario and throughout the eastern and southeastern United States. It was previously known as Swertia caroliniensis.
 In taxonomy Picochlorum is a genus of algae specifically of the Trebouxiophyceae.
 Ludwigia (primrose-willow water-purslane or water-primrose) is a genus of about 75 species of aquatic plants with a cosmopolitan but mainly tropical distribution.
 Viola labradorica commonly known as Alpine dog violet Alpine violet American dog violet dog violet and Labrador violet is a perennial native to eastern Canada Greenland and the United States. The plant sold as Viola labradorica by nurseries is Viola riviniana.[citation needed]
 Guapira rotundifolia is a species of plant in the Nyctaginaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica.
 Euphorbia atropurpurea called tabaiba majorera or tabaiba roja in Spanish is a shrub in the family Euphorbiaceae native to Tenerife in the Canary Islands. It can reach 2 metres in height and grows in ravines and on slopes and terraces.The plant grows best in humid conditions in mid to low altitudes (300-1200 m) on the south and west parts of the island.
 Mimusops is a genus of plant in family Sapotaceae. Species include: Mimusops acutifolia Mildbr. Mimusops angel Chiov. Mimusops commersonii Mimusops caffra Mimusops elengi Mimusops heckelii - African Cherry Baku Douka Makore Ukola Mimusops obovata Mimusops penduliflora Engl. Mimusops petiolaris Mimusops riparia Engl. Mimusops sechellarum (Oliv.) Hemsl. Mimusops zeyheri
 Monnina chimborazeana is a species of plant in the Polygalaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Pteris adscensionis is a fern species in the Pteridoideae subfamily of the Pteridaceae. It is endemic to Ascension Island and there are thought to be fewer than 500 individuals left in the wild. Its natural habitat has been severely reduced due to the large number of species introduced to the island when it was first settled in the 18th century.
 Adenanthos detmoldii commonly known as Scott River Jugflower or Yellow Jugflower is a species of shrub in the family Proteaceae. It is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia.
 Cyathea sinuata is unique among the tree ferns in that it has entire leaves not pinnate or lobed. It is native to Sri Lanka but rare being only known from one local forest area. It is one of the smallest species of tree ferns growing only about one meter (3.3 feet) tall with fronds 60 to 90 centimeters (15 to 23 inches) long.
 Meliaceae or the Mahogany family is a flowering plant family of mostly trees and shrubs (and a few herbaceous plants mangroves) in the order Sapindales.They are characterised by alternate usually pinnate leaves without stipules and by syncarpous apparently bisexual (but actually mostly cryptically unisexual) flowers borne in panicles cymes spikes or clusters.
 Peperomia pichinchae is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Leptolejeunea tridentata is a species of liverwort in the Lejeuneaceae family. It is endemic to Colombia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Buddleja davidii 'Croyde' is a cultivar raised from a seedling discovered growing on waste ground in the eponymous Devon village by nurseryman Martin Hugh-Jones and introduced to commerce in 2004.
 Mentzelia oreophila is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common name Argus blazingstar. It is native to the Southwestern United States and the Mojave Desert sky islands in California. It grows in rocky desert and scrub habitat.
 Scolymus maculatus (spotted golden thistle or spotted oyster thistle) is an annual plant in the family Asteraceae native to the Mediterranean region in southern Europe southwest Asia and northern Africa and also the Canary Islands.
 Banksia gardneri var. gardneri is a variety of Banksia gardneri. As an autonym it is defined as encompassing the type material of the species. It is native to the Southwest Botanical Province of Western Australia.
 Clerodendrum heterophyllum is a species of flowering plant in the genus Clerodendrum of the family Lamiaceae. It is a native to Mauritius and La Réunion.In La Réunion it is found in the semi-dry forests in the West of the island between Saint-Paul and Saint-Leu and it reaches a height of 4 meters.
 Calochortus amabilis is a species of flowering plant in the lily family which is known by the common name Diogenes' lantern. It is endemic to northern California where it grows in the mountains north of the San Francisco Bay Area. In oak woodlands common understory plant associates are Calochortus luteus Clarkia unguiculata and Delphinium variegatum. It is a common member of the scrub and woodland flora there.
 The Beautiful Giant-flowered Dendrobium (Dendrobium formosum) is a species of orchid.
 Picrasma crenata the pau-amargo pau-tenente or tenente-josé is a tree species that belongs to the family Simaroubaceae. It occurs in Brazil (in Atlantic Forest) in the regions Nordeste (in Bahia state) Sudeste (in Minas Gerais São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro states) and Sul (in Paraná Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul states)
 Bulbophyllum serrulatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Justicia camerunensis is a species of plant in the Acanthaceae family. It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Enemion occidentale (syn. Isopyrum occidentale) is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common name western false rue anemone. It is endemic to California where it is a resident of forest woodland and chaparral habitats in many of the mountain ranges. This is a small perennial herb producing one or more erect unbranched stems growing to maximum heights near 25 centimeters. Leaves appear toward the top of the smooth naked stems.
 Coccothrinax crinita (guano barbudo guano petate old man palm palma petate) is a palm which is endemic to Cuba. Like other members of the genus Coccothrinax C. barbadensis is a fan palm. Trees are single-stemmed between 2 and 10 metres tall with stems 8 to 20 centimetres in diameter. The fruit is black 0.7-2 cm in diameter. It usually grows in seasonally flooded savannas occasionally in hilly areas.
 Michelia odora is a species of plant in the Magnoliaceae family. It is found in China and Vietnam. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Juniperus macrocarpa (Large-fruited Juniper syn. J. oxycedrus subsp. macrocarpa (Sibth. & Sm.) Ball) is a species of juniper native across the northern Mediterranean region from southwestern Spain east to western Turkey and Cyprus growing on coastal sand dunes from sea level up to 75 m altitude.It is a spreading shrub 2–5 m tall rarely a small tree up to 14 m tall.
 'Nez Misso' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Billbergia in the Bromeliad family.
 Astragalus gambelianus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Gambel's dwarf milkvetch. It is native to California with its distribution extending into Oregon to the north and Baja California to the south. It grows in many types of habitat including chaparral and woodlands and the Sierra Nevada.
 Neelakurinji (Strobilanthes kunthiana) (Malayalam: നീലക്കുറിഞ്ഞി) (Tamil: நீலக்குறிஞ்சி) is a shrub that used to grow abundantly in the shola grasslands of the Western Ghats in South India above 1800 metres. The Nilgiri Hills which literally means the blue mountains got their name from the purplish blue flowers of Neelakurinji that blossoms gregariously only once in 12 years.
 Hypericum uralum is a species of flowering plant in the Hypericaceae family.
 Gymnopodium is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with three species of shrubs in Central America.
 Hibbertia serrata commonly known as serrate-leaved guinea-flower is a shrub that is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It grows to between 0.1 and 2 metres high and has yellow flowers which appear between August and December in the species native range.The species was formally described in 1954 by A.T. Hotchkiss based on plant material collected in Pemberton.
 Pistacia cucphuongensis is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family. It is endemic to Vietnam.
 Inocarpus fagifer commonly known as the Tahitian Chestnut Polynesian Chestnut Aila or Mape tree is a species of flowering plant in the subfamily Faboideae of the legume family Fabaceae. The tree has a wide range in the tropics of the south-west Pacific and south-east Asian regions and a history of traditional use by the peoples of Polynesia and Melanesia. It is the only edible and culturally important member of the genus Inocarpus.
 Echinacea pallida (Nutt.) commonly called pale purple coneflower is a species of herbaceous perennial plant in the family Asteraceae. It is sometimes grown in gardens and used for medicinal purposes. Its native range is the south central region of the United States.
 Bulbophyllum nephropetalum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 The River Red gum (Eucalyptus camaldulensis) is a tree of the genus Eucalyptus. It is one of around 800 in the genus. It is a plantation species in many parts of the world but is native to Australia where it is widespread especially beside inland water courses. Oddly it is named for a private estate garden near the Camaldoli monastery near Naples (L'Hortus Camaldulensis di Napoli) from where the first specimen came to be described.
 Bulbophyllum filovagans is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Paradrymonia is a genus of plant in family Gesneriaceae. It contains the following species (among 40+ species): Paradrymonia aurea Wiehler Paradrymonia binata Wiehler Paradrymonia fuquaiana Wiehler Paradrymonia hypocyrta Wiehler Paradrymonia lacera Wiehler
 Buddleja misionum is a species endemic to dry rocky fields and roadsides in southern Paraguay the Rio Grande do Sul in Brazil and the provinces of Corrientes and Misiones in Argentina; it was first described and named by Kraenzlin in 1913.
 Fritillaria graeca is a plant еndemic to the Balkans. It is native to Albania the former Yugoslavia Crete and mainland Greece. It is a member of the lily family.Fritillaria graeca has flowers with red and white stripes and looks much like small bells - one on each stem. It blooms between April and May. It reaches a height of around 25 cm.
 Gymnosporia heterophylla (Common Spike-thorn) is a small hardy deciduous African tree up to 5m tall occurring in rocky places with a wide distribution from Ethiopia the Sudan and the Congo south to the Cape Province and west to Angola and Namibia as well as the neighbouring islands of Madagascar and Saint Helena with a closely related species from Mauritius.It has a straggly but rigid habit and is armed with sharp straight thorns up to 100mm long which are modified branches.
 Rollinia dolichopetala is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Arnica /ˈɑrnɨkə/ is a genus with about 30 perennial herbaceous species belonging to the sunflower family (Asteraceae). The genus name Arnica may be derived from the Greek arna lamb in reference to the soft hairy leaves.This circumboreal and montane (subalpine) genus occurs mostly in the temperate regions of western North America while two are native to Eurasia (A. angustifolia and A.
 Trichopilia brasiliensis is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil (Goiás).
 Tibouchina anderssonii is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Cordyline murchisoniae known as the Dwarf Palm Lily is an evergreen Australian plant. A shrub to 6 metres tall. The range of distribution is coastal Queensland rainforests.Leaves wavy edged lanceolate in shape. 15 cm (6 in) long on thin stems. Flowering occurs in spring; being white reddish or lilac in colour. Fruit is a red berry. Suited to gardens with moist soils in semi shade to full shade. It is not frost tolerant. A bird attracting plant.
 Bulbophyllum denticulatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Thamnocalamus is a genus of clumping bamboo. These species are found from the mountains of East Asia and Africa. They are similar to the genus Fargesia which is sometimes put in synonymy with Thamnocalamus.
 Ruellia helianthemum is a plant native of Cerrado vegetation of Brazil.
 Guzmania septata is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Derris trifoliata is a plant species in the genus Derris.The rotenoid 6aα12aα-12a-hydroxyelliptone can be found in the stems of D. trifoliata.The larvae of Hasora hurama feed on D. trifoliata.
 Clitoria fragrans is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name pigeon wings or sweet-scented pigeon wings. It is endemic to Central Florida where it was known most recently from 62 occurrences but no current estimates of the total global population are available. The plant is a federally listed threatened species of the United States.
 Buxales is a botanical name at the rank of order. Buxales is an order of eudicot flowering plants which includes two families Buxaceae and Haptanthaceae recognized by the APG III system of 2009. APG III unlike previous classifications does not recognize Didymelaceae but includes the genus Didymeles in Buxaceae.Under the APG II system Buxaceae is a family unplaced as to order in the eudicots.
 Hazardia brickellioides is a species of shrub in the daisy family known by the common name brickellbush goldenweed. It is native to the Mojave Desert of California and Nevada where it grows in rocky limestone habitat. This bushy shrub produces a stem 20–80 centimetres (7.9–31.5 in) tall which is coated in rough hairs often tipped with yellowish resin glands. The hairy leathery leaves are oval in shape up to about 3.5 centimetres (1.4 in) long and usually lined with spiny teeth.
 Brachystephanus longiflorus is a species of plant in the Acanthaceae family. It is found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea and Nigeria. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Guioa truncata is a species of plant in the Sapindaceae family. It is endemic to the Philippines.
 Gymnanthes integra is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bulbophyllum pisibulbum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Fargesia 'Rufa' sometimes also sold under the name Gansu 95-1 or incorrectly as Fargesia rufa (which is a distinct species) is a commonly cultivated form of bamboo. Its origin is somewhat mysterious but morphological evidence seems to suggest that it is a cultivar of Fargesia dracocephala. It was introduced into the western horticultural trade in 1995 from the Gansu Province in northwest China.
 Garcinia bifasciculata is a species of flowering plant in the Clusiaceae family.It is found only in Tanzania.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cryptanthus exaltatus is a species of the genus Cryptanthus. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Grevillea globosa is a shrub in the family Proteaceae. It is endemic to Western Australia occurring in the northern wheatbelt.It usually grows to between 1 and 3 metres in heightThe globose flowerheads appear between mainly between September and January and also sporadically throughout the year in the species native range .The species was first formally described by Charles Austin Gardner in 1964 in the Journal of the Royal Society of Western Australia.
 Cyathea costalisora is a species of tree fern native to western New Guinea where it grows on the edges of forest and in moist hollows at an altitude of 1900-3225 m. The trunk is erect up to 4 m tall and may branch near the base. Fronds are bi- or tripinnate and 1-1.5 m long. The stipe is warty especially where scales have fallen. The scales are pale and have a distinctive dark glossy central region with a paler dull margin. Sori are round and occur near the fertile pinnule midvein.
 Eucalyptus drummondii (Drummond's Gum Drummond's Mallee) is a mallee eucalypt native to southwest Western Australia.
 Buddleja davidii 'Persephone' is a little-known English cultivar raised by The Lavender Garden Ashcroft Nurseries Nr. Tetbury Gloucestershire. [1]
 Cryptanthus dianae is a species of the genus Cryptanthus. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Cissus is a genus of approximately 350 species of woody vines in the grape family (Vitaceae). They have a cosmopolitan distribution though the majority are to be found in the tropics.
 Alectryon connatus sometimes named hairy Alectryon is a species of small trees constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae.They grow naturally in Australia in eastern Queensland from the south-east to the northernmost Cape York Peninsula Western Australia perhaps in north-eastern New South Wales and in New Guinea.
 Neoregelia pineliana is a species of the genus Neoregelia. This species is native to Brazil.
 Hymenoxys odorata is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names bitter rubberweed and western bitterweed. It is native to the southwestern United States from California to Texas and northern Mexico where it grows in dry regions. This is an annual herb producing a branching stem to a maximum height near 60 centimeters. The stems are covered in a foliage of short leaves which are divided into narrow pointed lobes.
 Nepenthes 'Kalamity' is a cultivar of a complex manmade hybrid involving N. ampullaria N. gracilis N. khasiana N. rafflesiana N. ventricosa and a plant identified as N. anamensis. It was bred by Bruce Lee Bednar and Orgel Clyde Bramblett in 1988. This cultivar name is not established as it was published without a description violating Article 24.1 of the International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants.
 Seddera is a genus of plant in family Convolvulaceae. Species include: Seddera fastigiata (Balf.f.) Verdc. Seddera pedunculata (Balf.f.) Verdc. Seddera semhahensis R.R.Mill Seddera spinosa (Vierh.) Verdc.
 Pitcairnia × daiseyana is a natural hybrid of P. heterophylla and T. pungens. This plant is endemic to Ecuador.
 The ʻōhiʻa lehua (Metrosideros polymorpha) is a species of flowering evergreen tree in the myrtle family Myrtaceae that is endemic to the six largest islands of Hawaiʻi. It is a highly variable tree being 20–25 m (66–82 ft) tall in favorable situations and much smaller when growing in boggy soils or on basalt. It produces a brilliant display of flowers made up of a mass of stamens which can range from fiery red to yellow.
 Bazzania is a genus of liverwort in the family Lepidoziaceae. It contains the following species: Bazzania bhutanica N. Kitag. & Grolle Bazzania flaccida (Dumort.) Grolle Bazzania tricrenata (Wahlenb.) Lindb. Bazzania trilobata (L.) Gray
 Senecio howeanus is an annual or short-lived perennial herb in the daisy family Asteraceae. The specific epithet refers to the type locality.
 Eremalche rotundifolia the Desert five-spot is a flowering plant in the family Malvaceae native to the Mojave Desert and Colorado Desert in the Southwestern United States.The plant is found in open places sandy and rocky areas and in washes between 50 and 1500 m in elevation. It can be found in Anza-Borrego Desert State Park and in Death Valley National Park in southern California.
 Bulbophyllum idenburgense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Elaeaocarpaceae is a family of flowering plants. The family approximately contains 605 species of trees and shrubs in 12 genera. The largest genera are Elaeocarpus with about 350 species and Sloanea with about 150.The species of Elaeocarpaceae are mostly tropical and subtropical with a few temperate-zone species. Most species are evergreen.
 Stylidium edentatum is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Stylidium (family Stylidiaceae). It is an annual plant that grows around 6 cm tall. The elliptical leaves form a basal rosettes around the stem. The leaves are around 0.3-0.8 mm long with recurved margins. Inflorescences are produced on solitary scapes and bear flowers that are white with rose-coloured markings at the base of the corolla lobes and two tooth-shaped throat appendages present. S.
 Lonicera conjugialis is a species of honeysuckle known by the common name purpleflower honeysuckle. It is native to the western United States from Pacific Northwest to the Sierra Nevada where it grows in many types of mountain habitat especially moist areas. This is a slender shrub often exceeding 1.5 meters in erect height. The lightly hairy leaves are oval to round and 2 to 8 centimeters long.
 Decalepis hamiltonii Wight & Arn. is the sole species[citation needed] of plant in the genus Decalepis. It is endemic to Peninsular India and known by its names of Maredu Kommulu Nannari kommulu and Madina Kommulu in Telugu Makali beru in Kannada and Magali kizhangu in Tamil is a plant whose root is used in ayurvedic medicines and for use in pickles.
 Cynanchum utahense is a species of flowering plant in the Cynanchum genus of the dogbane family known by the common names Utah swallow-wort and Utah vine milkweed. This relatively uncommon perennial vine is native to the Mojave Desert from California Nevada Utah and Arizona in the United States. This is a small vine with a highly branched twining stem rarely exceeding a meter in length with which it physically supports itself on other shrubs and trees.
 Amyema congener commonly known as the Variable mistletoe is a species of flowering plant an epiphytic hemiparasitic plant of the family Loranthaceae from eastern Australia.
 Rorippa curvipes is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name bluntleaf yellowcress. It is native to much of western North America from Alaska to Mexico to the Mississippi River where it can be found in various types of moist and wet habitat including lakeshores and riverbanks meadows roadsides mudflats and irrigation ditches.
 Figwort redirects here. This is also used for some other plants; see below.The genus Scrophularia of the family Scrophulariaceae comprises about 200 species of herbaceous flowering plants commonly known as figworts. Species of Scrophularia all share square stems opposite leaves and open two-lipped flowers forming clusters at the end of their stems.
 Nasa connectans is a species of plant in the Loasaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Asplenium bifrons is a species of fern in the Aspleniaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Fraxinus mandshurica (Manchurian Ash) is a species of Fraxinus native to northeastern Asia in northern China (Gansu Hebei Heilongjiang Henan Hubei Jilin Liaoning Shaanxi Shanxi) Korea Japan and southeastern Russia (Sakhalin Island).It is a medium-sized to large deciduous tree reaching 30 m tall with a trunk up to 50 cm in diameter.
 Tecticornia halocnemoides commonly known as Shrubby Samphire or Grey Glasswort is a species of succulent salt tolerant plant endemic to Australia. It grows as a spreading or erect shrub up to fifty centimetres high. It was first published as Arthrocnemum halocnemoides in 1845 but transferred into Halosarcia in 1980 and into Tecticornia in 2007.It is a highly variable species with five published subspecies some of which are themselves highly variable. These are T. halocnemoides subsp.
 Coreopsis pubescens - Star tickseed - is a plant species of the genus Coreopsis in Asteraceae. Coreopsis species are commonly called tickseeds.
 Pseudopanax arboreus or Five Finger (Māori: 'Puahou' or 'Whauwhaupaku') is a New Zealand native tree belonging to the family Araliaceae. It is one of New Zealand's more common native trees being found widely in bush scrub and gardens throughout both islands. The compound leaves with five to seven leaflets hence the name are very characteristic of the tree and easily recognized.
 Geranium himalayense (common names lilac cranesbill or Himalayan cranesbill) is a species of hardy flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the genus Geranium Geraniaceae family. It is native to the Himalayas parts of Russia and western China. It has a sprawling habit violet-blue flowers and deeply cut palmate foliage.
 Peperomia crispa is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Athyrium yokoscense also known as Hebino-negoza in Japanese is a species of fern in the family Athyriaceae. These tough plants live primarily in and around mine sites and thrive in soils contaminated with high concentrations of heavy metals such as zinc cadmium lead and copper. A. yokoscense is indigenous to Japan Korea eastern Siberia and northeastern China and has been known for centuries to tolerate phytotoxic mining sites.
 Bulbophyllum haniffii is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Schumannianthus is a genus of monocotyledonous plants with two species. One species S. dichotomus is cultivated in riverine areas of South Asia and Southeast Asia for making Shital pati mats that feel cool to the touch for use on floors and beds.
 × Aliceara abbreviated Alcra. in the horticultural trade is the nothogenus for intergeneric hybrids between the orchid genera Brassia Miltonia and Oncidium (Brs. x Milt. x Onc.).
 Styrax peruvianum is a species of flowering plant in the family Styracaceae. It is endemic to Peru.
 Pradosia grisebachii is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is found in Trinidad and Tobago and Venezuela.
 Pouteria trigonosperma is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is found in Guyana and Suriname.
 Fordia pauciflora is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found in Malaysia and Thailand. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Morinda tinctoria commonly known as Aal or Indian Mulberry (though these common names also refer to Morinda citrifolia) is a species of flowering plant in the family Rubiaceae native to southern Asia.It is an evergreen shrub or small tree growing to 5-10 m tall. The leaves are 15-25 cm long oblong to lanceolate. The flowers are tubular white scented about 2 cm long.
 Acacia rostriformis commonly known as Bacchus Marsh Wattle is a plant species that is endemic to Australia. It was first formally described in 2009 in the journal Muelleria.
 Buddleja × hybrida 'Eva Dudley' was derived from a cross of Buddleja asiatica with Buddleja davidii at the R & J Farquhar nursery in Dedham Massachusetts circa 1918.
 Macrocnemum pilosinervium is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Aconitum fischeri is a blue colored flowering plant species of the genus Aconitum in the family Ranunculaceae. Plants bloom early-late summer native in Korea and Siberia and cultivated in gardens in temperate zones for its showy flowers. The plant contains poisonous aconite but according to ancient Chinese medical lore if it is carefully measured prepared and used it is believed to be beneficial in the treatment of colds coughs and fevers.
 Rhododendron yunnanense (云南杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to Myanmar and Guizhou Shaanxi Sichuan Xizang and Yunnan China where it grows at altitudes of 2200–3600 meters. It is a shrub that grows to 1–2 m in height with leaves that are oblong lanceolate oblong-lanceolate or obovate 2.5–7 by 0.8–3m in size. Flowers are white pale red or pale purple.
 Gymnadenia is a genus in the orchid family (Orchidaceae) containing 22 terrestrial species.They can be found in damp meadows fens and marshes and on chalk or limestone often in alpine regions of Europe and Asia up to the Himalayas. The Fragrant Orchid (Gymnadenia conopsea) has been introduced into the USA.These hardy terrestrial orchids are deciduous. They survive the winter through their corms two deep-cut tubers (more like tuberous roots).
 In taxonomy the Udoteaceae are a family of algae specifically of the Bryopsidales.
 Werauhia macrochlamys is a species of the genus Werauhia. This species is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Acokanthera is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae. It comprises 5 species and is generally restricted to Africa although Acokanthera schimperi also occurs in Yemen. Its sap contains the deadly cardiotoxic glycoside ouabain. The sap is among the most commonly used in arrow poisons including those used for poaching elephant.
 Phalaris caroliniana is a species of grass known by the common names Carolina canarygrass and maygrass. It is native to the southeastern United States and it can be found as a naturalized species along the southern half of the United States to the west coast as well as northern Mexico and parts of Europe and Australia. It is most often found in moist to wet habitat such as marshy meadows and it can thrive in disturbed areas.
 Dumasia is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
 In taxonomy Chlorocladus is a genus of algae specifically of the Dasycladaceae.
 Xanthophyllum reticulatum is a plant in the family Polygalaceae. The specific epithet reticulatum is from the Latin meaning netted referring to the leaf veins.
 Perymenium is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.Species include:Perymenium basaseachicanumPerymenium featherstoneiPerymenium grandePerymenium gypsophilumPerymenium hintoniorumPerymenium sonoranumPerymenium subsquarrosum
 Daviesia brevifolia (Leafless Bitter-pea) is a broom-like shrub in the family Fabaceae. It is endemic to Australia.It grows to 1 metre in height and has phyllodes with pointed recurved tips. These are 2 to 5 mm long. Obovate juvenile leaves may also be present. Apricot to brown-red pea flowers are produced between August and October in the species native range in South Australia and Victoria.
 Vriesea cearensis is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Aglaia basiphylla is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family. It is endemic to Fiji.
 Meriania cuneifolia is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Bulbophyllum reductum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Odontoglossum tripudians is a species of orchid endemic to Colombia.
 Pitcairnia valerioi is a species of the genus Pitcairnia. This species is native to Costa Rica.
 Tsaiorchis neottianthoides is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family. It is endemic to China.
 Brewcaria marahuacae is a species of the genus Brewcaria. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Dendrobium ruckeri is a species of flowering plant in the Orchidaceae family.
 The Small knobwood (Zanthoxylum capense) is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family. It occurs in the eastern regions of southern Africa from the vicinity of Knysna Western Cape to the Zimbabwean granite shield and coastal Mozambique. It tolerates a range of altitudes from highveld to coastal elevations but is most prevalent in dry thickets or on rocky slopes and outcrops. Their trunks are bare apart from the numerous conical knobs that each terminate in a spine.
 The Spheroid-flowered Catasetum (Catasetum globiflorum) is a species of orchid found in Brazil.
 Buddleja 'Blue Chip Jr' (Lo & Behold series) is a dwarf hybrid cultivar derived from a crossing of 'Blue Chip' and clone NC2006-18 by the North Carolina Agriculture Research Service NCSU and released to commerce in 2013.
 Prunus arborea is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family. It is found in Indonesia Malaysia Singapore and Thailand.
 Anemone oregana is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common names blue windflower Oregon anemone and western wood anemone. It is native to the forests of the west coast of the United States. This is a perennial herb growing from a thick rhizome to a maximum height of 25 to 30 centimeters. There is usually a single basal leaf made up of three large leaflets on a long petiole. There are sometimes more leaves along the mostly naked stem.
 Chimonanthus praecox also known as wintersweet or Japanese allspice is a species of flowering plant in the genus Chimonanthus of the family Calycanthaceae native to China.It is a vigorous deciduous shrub growing to 4 m (13 ft) tall with an erect trunk and leaves 5–29 cm (2–11 in) long and 2–12 cm (1–5 in) broad.
 Senecio cadiscus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family Asteraceae. It is endemic to the Western Cape of South Africa where its fragmented populations are threatened and declining.This is an aquatic plant that grows in vernal pools. It is floating or emergent and sometimes terrestrial along the pool margins. Young plants are submerged. Flowering occurs in August and September.The plant has narrow floating leaves and white ray florets.
 Ranunculus parviflorus is a species of buttercup known by the common name smallflower buttercup. It is native to Europe but it is known on other areas of the world as an introduced species and sometimes a roadside weed for example in parts of Australia and the United States. It is an annual herb producing a mostly erect stem up to 40 centimeters in maximum height. It is coated in soft hairs.
 Pouteria fulva is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Syringa josikaea (Hungarian Lilac) is a species of Lilac native to central and eastern Europe in the Carpathian Mountains in Hungary Romania and western Ukraine.It is a deciduous shrub growing to a height of 2-4 m. The leaves are elliptic-acute 6–12 cm long with a finely hairy margin.
 Bulbophyllum angulatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Cyathea croftii is a species of tree fern endemic to Manus Island in the Admiralty Islands where it grows in damp forest on steep slopes at an altitude of about 500 m. It is relatively uncommon in the wild. The trunk is erect up to 3 m tall and about 6 cm in diameter. Fronds bi- or tripinnate and 2–3 m long. The rachis and stipe are often light green particularly when young. They are slender and covered with glossy brown scales towards the base.
 Sagittaria subulata the seaside arrowhead is an aquatic plant species that grows primarily in shallow brackish water along the seacoast in marshes estuaries etc. It is native to the Republic of Colombia the District of Columbia Venezuela and every US state along the coast from Massachusetts to Louisiana. It is also naturalized in Great Britain the Azores and on the Island of Java in Indonesia.Sagittaria subulata is a perennial herb up to 40 cm tall.
 Pterocarya stenoptera (English: Chinese Wingnut; Chinese: 枫杨) is a small-winged wingnut tree of the Juglandaceae family. It is originally from Southeast China.
 Eltroplectris is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Tradescantia ohiensis commonly known as bluejacket or Ohio spiderwort is an herbaceous plant species in the genus Tradescantia native to eastern North America. It is the most common and widely distributed species of Tradescantia in the United States where it can be found from Massachusetts in the north west to Minnesota and south to Texas and Florida. It also has a very small distribution in Canada in extreme southern Ontario near Windsor.
 Lambertia uniflora is a shrub in the Proteaceae family. Endemic to the moist south-west corner of Western Australia it grows to 3 metres in height. Single axillary or terminal flowers appear between October and January in the species native range. These are orange or red with a yellow or yellow-green limb. This species first appeared in the scientific literature in 1810 authored by the prolific Scottish botanist Robert Brown.
 Parashorea tomentella is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to the east coast of Borneo (Sabah and east Kalimantan). It is a large emergent tree up to 65 m tall found in lowland dipterocarp forests on fertile clay soils. It is a light hardwood sold under the trade names of White Lauan or White Seraya. It is currently not listed on the IUCN redlist; however it is likely endangered given its limited geographical distribution and loss of habitat.
 Passifloraceae is a family of flowering plants containing about 530 species classified in around 27 genera.
 Brya is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae and was recently assigned to the informal monophyletic Pterocarpus clade of the Dalbergieae. Species include Brya ebenus a valuable timber tree.
 Gelsemium is a genus of flowering plants belonging to family Gelsemiaceae. The genus contains three species of shrubs to straggling or twining climbers. Two species are native to North America and one to China and Southeast Asia.Carolus Linnaeus first classified G. sempervirens as Bignonia sempervirens in 1753; Antoine Laurent de Jussieu renamed the genus in 1789. Gelsemium is a Latinized form of the Italian word for jasmine gelsomino. G. elegans is also nicknamed heartbreak grass.
 Lorentziella is a genus of moss in the family Gigaspermaceae. The genus contains a single species Lorentziella imbricatum known from central Texas Mexico and South America (Argentina Paraguay & Uruguay).
 Polanisia is a genus of flowering plants in the Cleome family Cleomaceae. Members of the genus are commonly known as clammyweeds. Polanisia jamesii is listed as locally endangered in Minnesota while P. dodecandra is widespread through much of North America.
 Dubyaea is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Dendrophorbium pericaule is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Payena grandistipula is a tree in the Sapotaceae family. It grows up to 20 metres (70 ft) tall with a trunk diameter of up to 30 centimetres (10 in). The fruits are ovoid up to 4 cm (2 in) long. The specific epithet grandistipula is from the Latin meaning large stipules. Habitat is riparian forests. P. grandistipula is endemic to Borneo and known only from Sarawak.
 Inga lacustris is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Mexico.
 The Appalachian and Ohio Railroad (reporting mark AO) is a class III railroad operating in West Virginia.Originally the Cowen and Pickens Subdivisions of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad the railroad was a part of CSX until it was leased to Watco Companies which began operating the railroad on March 25 2005.
 Selaginella lepidophylla (syn. Lycopodium lepidophyllum) is a species of desert plant in the spikemoss family (Selaginellaceae). S. lepidophylla is noted for its ability to survive almost complete desiccation; during dry weather in its native habitat its stems curl into a tight ball and uncurl when exposed to moisture.
 Deuterocohnia chrysantha is a plant species of the genus Deuterocohnia. This species is endemic to Chile.
 Austrotaxus spicata the New Caledonia Yew or Southern Yew is a species of yew the sole species in the genus Austrotaxus.
 Chionanthus pygmaeus is a rare species of flowering plant in the olive family known by the common name pygmy fringetree. It is endemic to Florida where there are 46 known occurrences as of 2010. The plant is found in increasingly rare habitat in Central Florida that is being consumed for development and some protected areas are not managed adequately. Most populations are small. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.
 Billbergia eloiseae is a species of the genus Billbergia.
 Cakile is a genus within the flowering plant family Brassicaceae. Species in this genus are commonly known as searockets though this name on its own is applied particularly to whatever member of the species is native or most common in the region concerned the European searocket Cakile maritima in Europe and the American searocket C. edentula in North America.
 Eulophia gracilis is a species of orchid occurring from Western Tropical Africa to Angola.
 Chusquea is a genus of evergreen bamboos with about 150 species. Most of them are native to mountain sites in Central and South America from Mexico to southern Chile and Argentina. They are sometimes referred to as South American mountain bamboos. Unlike most other bamboos the stems of these species are solid not hollow. Some animals are to various extents associated with stands of Chusquea for example the Inca Wren and the Plushcap.
 Dorstenia is a genus of about 105 species in the plant family Moraceae. Most species are Neotropical or Afrotropical with a single species in India Sri Lanka and the island of Socotra (Yemen).Dorstenia is named in honor of the German physician and botanist Theodor Dorsten (1492 - 1552).Species in this genus were a source of the herbal preparation contrayerva.
 Dactylorhiza insularis is a species of terrestrial (ground-dwelling) plant in the genus Dactylorhiza in the orchid family (Orchidaceae).
 Quinetia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Salsola is a genus of the subfamily Salsoloideae in the family Amaranthaceae. The genus sensu stricto is distributed in central and southwestern Asia North Africa and the Mediterranean. A common name of various members of this genus and related genera is saltwort for their salt tolerance. The genus name Salsola is from the Latin salsus meaning salty.
 Myristica hollrungii is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 Acianthera rostellata is a species of orchid.
 The Atherospermataceae commonly known as the southern sassafrases are a family of broadleaf evergreen trees and shrubs. The family includes 14 species in seven genera. The atherosperms are of Gondwanan origin and are today mostly distributed in the Southern Hemisphere with two species native to southern Chile and 12 species native to Australasia. Wood is commercially harvested from rainforest species of this family and is used both in construction and in fine cabinet making.
 Leucothoe fontanesiana (highland dog hobble mountain doghobble switch ivy) is a species of flowering plant in the family Ericaceae native to the southeastern United States. It is an erect evergreen shrub growing to 1–2 m (3–7 ft) tall by 3 m (10 ft) broad with laurel-like glossy leaves 6–16 cm (2–6 in) long and pendent axillary racemes of urn-shaped flowers in spring.This plant is a calcifuge and requires a shaded position in acid soil.
 Banksia erythrocephala var. erythrocephala is a variety of Banksia erythrocephala. As an autonym it is defined as encompassing the type material of the species. It was known as Dryandra erythrocephala var. erythrocephala until 2007 when Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele sunk all Dryandra into Banksia. As with other members of Banksia ser. Dryandra it is endemic to the South West Botanical Province of Western Australia.
 Shorea ciliata is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 Lindmania steyermarkii is a species of the genus Lindmania. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 Bulbophyllum singaporeanum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Bulbophyllum signatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 The Laurales are an order of flowering plants. They are magnoliids related to the Magnoliales.The order includes about 2500-2800 species from 85-90 genera which comprise seven families of trees and shrubs. Most of the species are tropical and subtropical though a few genera reach the temperate zone.
 Shorea oblongifolia is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Cyathea borbonica is a tree fern endemic to Réunion and generally found in the islands of the south-western Indian Ocean.
 Phoenix roebelenii with common names of pygmy date palm or miniature date palm is a species of date palm native to southeastern Asia from southwestern China (Yunnan Province) northern Laos and northern Vietnam (in Dien Bien Province Ha Giang Province Cao Bang Province Lang Son Province). The name is sometimes mistakenly cited as roebelinii.
 Juncus nevadensis is a species of rush known by the common name Sierra rush. It is native to much of western North America from British Columbia to New Mexico where it grows in wet areas in many habitat types. This is a rhizomatous perennial herb which varies in appearance. Its thin smooth stems reach a maximum height between 10 and 70 centimeters. The thin green leaves may be up to 30 centimeters long.
 Penstemon rhizomatosus is a rare species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name rhizome beardtongue. It is endemic to Nevada in the United States where it occurs only in the Schell Creek Range of White Pine County.This plant was first described in 1998. It is a perennial herb growing up to about 28 centimeters in maximum height. The clusters of stems arise from a woody caudex and thick taproot. The leaves are lance-shaped and borne on winged petioles.
 Dryobalanops is a genus of flowering plants and the genus of family Dipterocarpaceae. The name Dryobalanops is derived from Greek (dryas = a nymph associated with oaks and balanops = acorn) and describes the acorn-like nut. The genus has seven species confined to the tropical forests of West Malesia (Sumatra Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo).
 Pouteria foveolata is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is found in Costa Rica and Nicaragua.
 Loxopterygium grisebachii is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family. It is found in Argentina and Bolivia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ormosia excelsa is a plant species in the genus Ormosia.O. excelsa produces the O-methylated isoflavone 5-O-methylgenistein.
 Iris delavayi is a rhizomatous flowering plant in the genus Iris. It is native to south-west Sichuan and Yunnan province in China. It is cultivated as an ornamental plant in temperate regions. It grows to 1.5 metres (4 ft 11 in) with lanceolate leaves producing several flowers in spring.
 Cotopaxia is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae family comprising two species:Cotopaxia asplundii Mathias & ConstanceCotopaxia whitei Constance & W.S.Alverson↑
 Blandow's bogmoss (Helodium blandowii) also known as Blandow's feathermoss is a rare plant in the Western U.S. including Oregon and California. It occurs all around the northern hemisphere in higher latitudes and in some places is not as rare as in the Western U.S.
 Verticordia oculata is a sprawling woody shrub found in Western Australia. The plant displays silver-white flowers with a dark centre of lilac and purple the largest flowers of the genus Verticordia.A low growing shrub up to 700 millimetres in height that sprawls out 0.3 - 1 metre. The species possess a lignotuber from which several or many main stems emerge. The floral and stem leaves are circular in outline with a distinct white margin and attach directly to the stem.
 Guzmania sphaeroidea is a species of the genus Guzmania. This species is native to Bolivia Venezuela and Ecuador.
 Desmodium triflorum is an ornamental plant in the Fabaceae family. It is native to Florida Hawaii and some small areas of other southern states of the United States. It is a creeper a vine that grows along the ground as opposed to growing up trees or buildings. It has three leaves with smooth edges and a white stripe up the middle ranging from a bright white to a barely visible grey stripe depending on the nutrients of the soil.
 Helianthus cusickii is a species of sunflower known by the common names Cusick's sunflower and turniproot sunflower. It is native to the western United States from California to Idaho where it grows in mountain forests and foothills. This wildflower is a perennial growing from a thick fleshy taproot to a maximum height near a meter. The lance-shaped leaves reach 15 centimeters in length and the stem and foliage are often covered in long hairs.
 Planichloa is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Carex leporinella is a species of sedge known by the common name Sierra hare sedge.
 Utricularia breviscapa is a small to medium suspended aquatic carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia (family Lentibulariaceae). It is probably an annual plant. Its native distribution includes the Antilles and South America.
 Stachycephalum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Darwinia squarrosa (Pink Mountain Bell or Fringed Mountain Bell) is a shrub which is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It has an erect and straggly habit growing to between 0.2 and 1 metre high. The fringed bracts around the flowers form a pendent bell which is usually red or pink These are primarily produced between August and November in the species native range.It occurs on rocky slopes of the eastern peaks of the Stirling Range National Park.
 Primula farinosa the bird's-eye primrose is a small perennial plant in the family Primulaceae native to Northern Europe and northern Asia and (rarely) farther south at high altitudes in the mountains of southern Europe. This primrose thrives on grazed meadows rich in lime and moisture.
 Cathariostachys is a bamboo genus in the tribe Bambuseae found in Madagascar.
 Phyllostachys parvifolia is a running bamboo with thick culms that grow tall for a bamboo that endures cold weather.
 Martyniaceae is a family of flowering plants in the Lamiales order that are restricted to the New World.
 Masoala madagascariensis is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is found only in Madagascar.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dorstenia bahiensis is a species of herb in the Moraceae plant family which is native to eastern Brazil.
 Podocarpus levis is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia and Malaysia.
 Crataegus × smithiana or perhaps more correctly Crataegus 'smithiana' is a hybrid hawthorn commonly known as Red Mexican Hawthorn. The hybrid is said to have originated at the Yarralumla Nursery in Canberra Australia. This tree has been planted along several streets in Canberra.
 Podocarpus glomeratus is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.It is found in Bolivia Ecuador and Peru.
 Rheum officinale is a rhubarb from the family Polygonaceae originating in Asia.
 Lilium eupetes is a recently discovered and described epiphytic species of lily from the north of Vietnam. It reproduces by seed and vegetatively via the production of bulbils. When the leaves die back they wither and curl into a circle. This eventually detaches from the stem and acts as the functional equivalent of a samara carrying the attached bulbil to a new site.
 Dasyphyllum argenteum is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Schenkia sebaeoides known as ʻĀwiwi in Hawaiian and lavaslope centaury in English is a rare species of flowering plant. It is endemic to low shrublands in the state of Hawaiʻi in the United States. It is present on the islands of Kauai Oahu Lanai Molokai and Maui. At the time it was added to the endangered species list of the United States in 1991 it was known from seven populations for a total of fewer than 1000 individuals.
 Bulbophyllum undecifilum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Impatiens ecornuta the spurless touch-me-not or western touch-me-not is an annual flowering plant native to the northwestern United States and British Columbia in Canada.The name of the species was changed in 2012 as Impatiens ecalcarata was found to be nomen illegitimum.
 Polysphaeria macrantha is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Tanzania.
 Mugga redirects here. For the polychaete worm genus see Mugga (worm).Eucalyptus sideroxylon or Mugga Red Ironbark or Mugga Ironbark is a small to medium-sized or occasionally tall tree.
 Jacobaea paludosa is a species (synonym Senecio paludosus) of the genus Jacobaea and the family Asteraceae that can be found in Northern Italy and everywhere in Europe (except for Finland Great Britain Iceland Ireland Norway Portugal and Russia).
 Celmisia tomentella is a species of perennial herb in the family Asteraceae. Leaves are 5 to 30 cm long and 5 to 15 mm wide with a dark green or grey green upper surface. The daisy-like flowerheads which are 6 to 8 cm in diameter appear between December and February in the species native range. The species was first formally described in 1999 in New species and a new combination in Australian Celmisia (Asteraceae-Astereae) published in Australian Systematic Botany.
 Exotheca is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Cyrtandra calyptribracteata is a species of Cyrtandra of the family Gesneriaceae.
 Taxodioideae is a subfamily in Cupressaceae.
 Stanhopea insignis is a species of orchid endemic to southern and southeastern Brazil. It is the type species of the genus Stanhopea.
 Eucalyptus curtisii or Plunkett Mallee is a small tree that is native to Queensland in Australia. It is a mallee eucalyptus that grows from 2 to 7 metres in height and has smooth grey bark that peels in long strips. The adult leaves are 6 to 13 cm long and 10 to 25 mm wide. It has prominent creamy-white flowers that appear in late spring.Its natural distribution is within a limited area in the south-east corner of Queensland.
 Alchemilla mollis Lady's Mantle is an herbaceous perennial plant native to southern Europe and grown throughout the world as an ornamental garden plant. It grows 30 to 45 cm (12 to 18 in) tall with leaves that are palmately veined with a scalloped and serrated margin. The chartreuse yellow flowers are held in dense clusters above the foliage. This plant together with a similar but dwarf variety A.
 Nidularium marigoi is a species of the genus Nidularium. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Rugelia nudicaulis or Rugels ragwort is the sole species of the genus Rugelia which blooms in summer is a wildflower endemic to higher elevations in the Great Smoky Mountains. It is a rare species in Tennessee. It was first placed in the genus Senecio then moved to Cacalia and finally placed in a genus of its own Rugelia. Genetic diversity in this plant assessed using allozymes is so low that the species may not survive changing environmental conditions.
 Camissoniopsis lewisii is a species of evening primrose known by the common name Lewis' evening primrose. It is native to southern California and Baja California where it grows in coastal habitat and on the grasslands of the inland mountain ranges. as an example occurrence in Baja California C. lewisii occurs in association with Mimulus aridus and Adiantum jordanii.
 Erythrina velutina is a species of leguminous tree. It is indigenous to Brazil Peru Ecuador Colombia Venezuela and Hispaniola and has been introduced to much of the Caribbean Uganda and Sri Lanka. It also occurs on the Galápagos Islands but whether it is indigenous or introduced there is unclear. In Brazil it occurs on plains and near rivers in the arid parts of the northeast of the country and is commonly known as mulungu.
 Melocactus paucispinus is a species of plant in the Cactaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitat is dry savanna. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bursaria spinosa is a small tree or shrub in the family Pittosporaceae. The species occurs in mainly in the eastern and southern half of Australia and not in Western Australia and the Northern Territory. Reaching 10 m (35 ft) high it bears fragrant white flowers at any time of year but particularly summer. A common understory shrub of eucalyptus woodland it aggressively colonises disturbed areas and fallow farmland.
 Anthodiscus montanus is a species of plant in the Caryocaraceae family. It is endemic to Colombia.
 Penstemon canescens is a species of penstemon known by the common name eastern gray beardtongue. It is native to the southeastern United States. It is a perennial herb producing stems reaching one meter in maximum height.
 Dypsis humilis is a rare species of stemless palm that was discovered in Madagascar in 2007 by a collaboration between botanists from Madagascar and Royal Botanical Gardens Kew. Less than ten plants were observed in an area that is threatened by logging and other human activity.
 Hoffmannseggia tenella is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name slender rushpea. It is endemic to Texas where it is known from only two counties. It persists in small remnants of its gulf coastal prairie habitat. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This is a small perennial herb growing up to 15 centimeters tall from a woody taproot. It may grow in colonies.
 Tillandsia kessleri is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Bolivia.
 Nicotiana quadrivalvis is a species of wild tobacco known by the common name Indian tobacco. It is native to the western United States where it grows in many types of habitat. It is a bushy sprawling annual herb growing up to two meters in maximum height. The lower leaf blades are up to 15 centimeters long and are borne on short petioles the upper smaller and sessile on the stem.
 Juncus castaneus is a species of rush known by the common name chestnut rush. It has a circumboreal or circumpolar distribution occurring throughout the northern latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere. It occurs in Europe Asia and North America. In North America it occurs from Alaska to Greenland its distribution spanning Canada and extending south through the Rocky Mountains in the contiguous United States.
 Neosprucea sararensis is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family.It is found only in Colombia.
 Dolomiaea is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Crusea common name saucerflower is a genus of plants in the family Rubiaceae. It contains 15 currently recognized species native to Mexico Central America Arizona and New Mexico. A few species are naturalized in Cuba and Puerto Rico.Type species is Crusea rubra now considered a synonym of C. hispida but C. rubra retains its status as type per ICN.
 Bulbophyllum piluliferum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Daknopholis is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.Species within the genus include: Daknopholis boivinii Daknopholis Clayton.
 Acronychia pubescens is a rainforest plant in the citrus family growing in eastern Australia. Common names include Hairy Aspen and Hairy Acronychia.
 Falanghina also called Falanghina Greco is a variety of wine grape Vitis vinifera used for white wines. It is an ancient grape variety which may have provided a basis for the classical Falernian wine and has considerable character. It is cultivated on the coast of Campania north of Naples and frequently consumed in southern Italy along with seafood. The name for the wine appears to derive from the Latin falangae or stakes for supporting the grapes in a vineyard.
 Cyphokentia is a monotypic genus of flowering plant in the palm family native to New Caledonia. The only species Cyphokentia macrostachya is slow-growing and monoecious; the genus is named from two Greek words meaning tumor and Kentia a former palm genus and the species name translates to large and spike describing the inflorescence.
 Axyris amaranthoides is a species of vascular plant in the family Amaranthaceae that has been introduced to North America. It was introduced into Manitoba in 1886 and has since spread to other provinces in Canada and the United States. Axyris amaranthoides (2n=18) is commonly known as Russian pigweed and upright axyris. The Chinese name is zhouli (轴藜).
 Seligeriaceae is a family of mosses in the subclass Dicranidae.
 Semecarpus moonii is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Adenopeltis is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae. Its name comes from Greek and means glandular shield.
 Xanthophyllum ceraceifolium is a tree in the family Polygalaceae. The specific epithet ceraceifolium is from the Latin meaning waxy leaf referring to the appearance of the leaves.
 The Chinese Elm Ulmus parvifolia cultivar 'A. Ross Central Park' (selling name Central Park Splendor™) is probably the hardiest in cultivation and was patented in 1989 by David F. Karnosky. The original tree grew near the entrance to Central Park at the junction of Fifth Avenue with 72nd Street and died in the 1990s aged over 100 years.
 Laelia superbiens is a species of orchid native to Mexico Guatemala and Honduras.
 Anemone tuberosa (desert anemone or tuber anemone) is a herbaceous plant species in the genus Anemone and family Ranunculaceae. Plants grow 10 to 30 sometimes 40 cm tall from a woody-like tuber shaped like a caudex. Plants with 1 to 3 basal leaves that are 1 or 2 times ternate. The basal leaves few with long petioles and deeply 3-parted with leaflets lacking stems or rarely with a stalk.
 Miconia brevistylis is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Dielsiodoxa is a small genus of flowering plants in the family Ericaceae. The species all endemic to Western Australia include:Dielsiodoxa leucantha (E.Pritz.) Albr. syn. Monotoca leucanthaDielsiodoxa lycopodioides Albr.Dielsiodoxa oligarrhenoides (F.Muell.) Albr.Dielsiodoxa propullulans Albr.Dielsiodoxa tamariscina (F.Muell.) Albr.The genus was first formally described in 2010.
 Persicaria polymorpha (knotweed) is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family Polygonaceae.
 Opuntia insularis is a species of plant in the Cactaceae family. This endangered species is endemic to the Galapagos Islands (Ecuador) where restricted to Fernandina and Isabela.
 The English Elm Ulmus procera cultivar 'Pyramidalis' was first described as U. campestris pyramidalis by Vicary Gibbs [1] in the Gardeners' Chronicle III. 71:227 1922. 'Pyramidalis' originated from a sport at Gibbs's Aldenham Estate Hertfordshire England c. 1890.
 Bulbophyllum crassipetalum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Salix brachycarpa is a species of flowering plant in the willow family known by the common names barren-ground willow small-fruit willow and shortfruit willow. It is native to North America where it occurs throughout Alaska except for the Aleutian Islands and southeastern coastal region in western and northern Canada and in the contiguous United States in the Rocky Mountains south to Colorado.A shrub growing up to 1.5 meters tall S. brachycarpa is low in stature or sometimes prostrate.
 Acanthocalyx is a genus of about three species of plants in the family Dipsacaceae sometimes included in Morinaceae native to Sino-Himalayan Region.SpeciesAcanthocalyx alba ( Hand.-Mazz. ) M.J.CannonAcanthocalyx delavayi ( Franchet ) M.J.CannonAcanthocalyx nepalensis ( D.Don ) M.J.Cannon
 Enterolobium is a genus of 12 species of flowering plants in the family Fabaceae native to tropical and warm-temperate regions of the Americas. They are medium-sized to large trees.
 Gorceixia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Lastreopsis decomposita known as the Trim Shield Fern is a common plant found in eastern Australia. The habitat is rainforest or moist sheltered eucalyptus forests. It may form large colonies. This fern features delicate lacy fronds up to 90 cm long.
 Barbarea orthoceras is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name American yellowrocket. It is native to North America including much of Canada and the western United States as well as parts of Asia. It grows in moist areas such as meadows and riverbanks. This is a perennial herb producing a stiff branching stem to heights between 10 and 60 centimeters.
 Podocarpus rubens is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.It is found in Indonesia Malaysia Papua New Guinea and Timor-Leste.
 Nikko Hotels International is a multi-national hotel chain comprising Hotel Nikko (ホテル・ニッコー Hoteru Nikkō) properties in Asia Europe North America and the South Pacific. It is owned by Okura Hotels. Nikko Hotels International (NHI) began formal operations in 1972 as the global hotel brand of Japan Airlines with its first property located in Jakarta. The first NHI-operated hotel in Japan opened in 1973.
 Caryota mitis the clustering fishtail palm is a species of palm native to southeast Asia from India to Java to southern China now sparingly naturalized in southern Florida and in parts of Africa and Latin America. The species was originally described from Vietnam in 1790. In Florida it grows in hummocks and in disturbed wooded areas.Caryota mitis has clustered stems up to 10 m (33 feet) tall and 15 cm (6 inches) in diameter. Leaves can be up to 3 m (10 feet) long.
 Cytisus hirsutus (common name Clustered Broom or Hairy Broom) is a perennial plant belonging to the genus Cytisus of the Fabaceae family.
 The genus Brandisia is in the family Paulowniaceae in the major group Angiosperms (Flowering plants).
 Kalmia latifolia commonly called mountain-laurelcalico-bush or spoonwood is a species of flowering plant in the blueberry family Ericaceae that is native to the eastern United States. Its range stretches from southern Maine south to northern Florida and west to Indiana and Louisiana. Mountain-laurel is the state flower of Connecticut and Pennsylvania. It is the namesake of the city of Laurel Mississippi (founded 1882).
 Maclura brasiliensis is a species of plant in the Moraceae family. It is found in Brazil Honduras Nicaragua Peru and Venezuela.
 Aglaia odoratissima is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family. It is found in Brunei India Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar the Philippines Singapore and Thailand.
 Kunzea glabrescens is a species of Western Australian shrub known by the common name spearwood. It grows 1.5 to 4 metres high in sandy soil and bears yellow flowers in October and November.
 Salvia amissa (Galiuro sage Aravaipa sage) is a herbaceous perennial plant that is endemic to Arizona growing in the Galiuro Mountains and the Superstition Mountains. The type specimen is from the Santa Catalina Mountains though plants have not been recorded there in recent years. S. amissa grows at 455 to 1526 m (1493 to 5007 ft) elevation in gravel sand and silt in canyon bottoms shaded by ash walnut sycamore and mesquite.S.
 Podocarpus dispermus is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.It is found only in Queensland Australia.
 Ranunculus lyallii (Mountain buttercup Mount Cook buttercup or although not a lily Mount Cook lily) is a species of Ranunculus (buttercup) endemic to New Zealand where it occurs in the South Island and on Stewart Island at altitudes of 700–1500 m.The species was discovered by David Lyall (1817–1895) a noted Scottish botanist and doctor.
 Cucurbita foetidissima has numerous common names including: buffalo gourd calabazilla chilicote coyote gourd fetid gourd fetid wild pumpkin Missouri gourd prairie gourd stinking gourd wild gourd and wild pumpkin. The plant is tuberous and a true xerophytic plant found in the Southwestern United States and Northwestern Mexico.
 Cylindropuntia echinocarpa — formerly Opuntia echinocarpa — is known as the Wiggins' cholla. It is also known depending on the cast of needle color as golden cholla or silver cholla. This species is a plant of the desert chaparral plant community in California Arizona Nevada Utah Sonora and Baja California.
 Scaphosepalum swertiifolium is a species of orchid found from Colombia to Ecuador.
 Durum wheat or macaroni wheat (Triticum durum or Triticum turgidum subsp. durum) is the only tetraploid species of wheat of commercial importance that is widely cultivated today. It was developed by artificial selection of the domesticated emmer wheat (like emmer durum wheat is awned) strains formerly grown in Central Europe and the Near East around 7000 BC which developed a naked free-threshing form. Durum in Latin means hard and the species is the hardest of all wheats.
 Ochyraea is a genus of moss in family Amblystegiaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Ochyraea tatrensis Vána
 Hyacinthoides italica (syn. Endymion italicus or Scilla italica) the Italian bluebell or Italian squill is a spring-flowering bulbous perennial native to the central Mediterranean region in northwestern Italy southern France and northeastern Spain.
 Blakea madisonii is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Oenothera deltoides is a species of evening primrose known by several common names including birdcage evening primrose basket evening primrose lion in a cage and devil's lantern. It is native to the Southwestern United States and northern Mexico where it grows in sandy habitats from desert to beach.The plant is grayish with basal deltoid leaves. The large white flowers turn pinkish as they mature.
 Bulbophyllum turkii is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Bulbophyllum muscarirubrum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Corymbia intermedia or the pink bloodwood (also known as Eucalyptus intermedia) is a bloodwood native to Queensland and New South Wales. More specifically it is found on a narrow belt ranging from Cooktown to north of Newcastle.
 Terminalia arjuna commonly known as arjuna or arjun tree in English Thella Maddi in Telugu and Marudha Maram in Tamil is a tree of the genus Terminalia.
 Balaka pauciflora is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family. It is found only in Fiji.
 Anthurium nitens is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Appendicula is a genus of orchids with more than 130 species distributed in India Indonesia New Guinea the Philippines New Caledonia and the Pacific islands with one species A. australiensis endemic in Australia. The genus Chilopogon is sometimes included here.
 Utricularia micropetala is a small annual carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia. It is endemic to western tropical Africa and is found in the Central African Republic Guinea Nigeria and Sierra Leone. U. micropetala grows as a terrestrial plant among wet rocks at altitudes up to 1500 m (4921 ft). It was originally described by James Edward Smith in 1819.
 Spathiphyllum is a genus of about 40 species of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the family Araceae native to tropical regions of the Americas and southeastern Asia. Certain species of Spathiphyllum are commonly known as Spath or Peace Lilies.They are evergreen herbaceous perennial plants with large leaves 12–65 cm long and 3–25 cm broad. The flowers are produced in a spadix surrounded by a 10–30 cm long white yellowish or greenish spathe.
 Akrosida macrophylla commonly known as the bigleaf akrosida is a species of plant found in Brazil. It was first described by Oskar Eberhard Ulbrich who called it Bastardia macrophylla.
 Chamaesyce serpyllifolia (common name thymeleaf sandmat) is a plant found in the southwestern United States.
 Tillandsia aequatorialis is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pomaderris cinerea is an Australian plant from south eastern New South Wales. It may also occur in nearby Victoria. The habitat is moist areas in eucalyptus forest sometimes near rainforest south of the Moruya district. The original specimens were collected from Mount Imlay and nearby Twofold Bay.A small tree up to 5 metres tall often encountered as a shrub half that size. This plant features grey furry leaves. 2 to 5 cm long 1 to 2 cm wide. Reverse ovate or elliptic in shape.
 Chaenomeles speciosa (commonly known as flowering quince or Japanese quince or as zhou pi mugua in traditional Chinese medicine) is a thorny deciduous or semi-evergreen shrub native to eastern Asia. It is taller than another commonly cultivated species C. japonica usually growing to about 2 m (6 ft 7 in). The flowers are usually red but may be white or pink and the fruit is a fragrant but hard pome that resembles a quince.
 Lilium distichum is a herbaceous plant of the lily family which is native to northeastern China and Korea where it flourishes among shrubs and in forests. It grows from 2–4 ft. (50–120 cm) tall. The stem is cylindrical and slender with a single whorl of leaves mid–way up the stem.
 Ampelocalamus is a genus of bamboo (tribe Bambuseae of the family Poaceae). It comprises small clumping tropical bamboos found mostly in Southern China. Some experts have placed these species in the genus Sinarundinaria now replaced by Chimonocalamus.
 Jodina rhombifolia (syn. Iodinia rhombifolia the Quebracho flojo (the loose quebracho) Quebracho flajo sombra de toro or quebrachillo) is a tree species of the family Santalaceae.
 Agave angustifolia (Caribbean Agave) is a plant which is native to Mexico and Central America. It is used to make mezcal and also as an ornamental plant particularly the cultivar 'Marginata'.The World Checklist of Selected Plant Families regards Agave angustifolia as an illegitimate synonym for Agave vivipara L.Other sources maintain them as distinct species with non-overlapping native distributions (García-Mendoza and Fernando Chiang 2003). A.
 Cryptanthus delicatus is a species of the genus Cryptanthus. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Monoptilon (desertstar) is a small genus of annuals in the aster family that are native to North America.There are two speciesMonoptilon bellidiforme Torr. & A. Gray ex A. Gray (daisy desertstar) Monoptilon bellioides (A. Gray) H.M. Hall (Mojave desertstar)↑ ↑
 Cenostigma is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the sub family Caesalpinioideae.
 The Lophiocarpaceae are a family of flowering plants comprising mostly succulent subshrubs and herbaceous species native to tropical to southern sub-Saharan Africa to western India. The family is newly recognized through research by the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group III system to deal with long-standing phylogenetic difficulties in placing various genera within the Caryophyllales.
 Espeletiopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Tragia balfouriana is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Yemen. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Arophyton is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. It consists of 7 species that are found only in northeast Madagascar. Arophyton are tuberous plants with a few rhizomatous species that go through a dormant period during the dry season.
 Viola frank-smithii is a rare species of violet known by the common name Frank Smith's violet. It is endemic to Utah in the United States where it is known only from Logan Canyon in the Bear River Range in Cache County.This perennial herb produces a stem a few centimeters long which is surrounded by the withered leaves of previous seasons and new leaves which are heart-shaped. The flower is pale purple except for the lowest petal which is greenish.
 Bambusa tulda or Indian Timber Bamboo is considered to be one of the most useful of bamboo species. It is used extensively by the paper pulp industry in India. It can grow up to a height of 15 m and a thickness of 8 cm. It is commonly found in southeastern asia
 Hesperostipa comata commonly known as needle-and-thread grass is a species of grass native to North America especially the western third. It has a wide distribution spanning from northern Canada to Mexico.
 Wikstroemia indica (L.) C. A. Mey. also known as tie bush Indian stringbush bootlace bush or small-leaf salago (Chinese: 了哥王; pinyin: liǎo gē wáng) is a small shrub with glossy leaves small greenish-yellow flowers and toxic red fruits. It grows in forests and on rocky shrubby slopes in central and southeastern China Vietnam India and the Philippines.
 Mahonia oiwakensis is a species of plant in the Berberidaceae family. It is native to China (Taiwan Guizhou Hong Kong Sichuan Taiwan Xizang (Tibet) and Yunnan). It has been found at elevations up to 3800 m.Mahonia oiwakensis is a shrub or tree up to 7 m tall. Leaves are up to 45 cm long compound with 12-20 pairs of leaflets plus a larger terminal one dark green above yellow-green below. Inflorescence is a fascicled raceme up to 25 cm long.
 Livistona chinensis the Chinese fan palm or fountain palm is a species of subtropical palm tree in eastern Asia. It is native to Southern Japan Taiwan the Ryukyu Islands and the Guangdong region of southern China.
 Burckella is a genus of plant in family Sapotaceae. Species include: Burckella richii (A.Gray) H.J.Lam Burckella sorei
 Eucalyptus staigeriana Lemon Ironbark or Lemon-scented Ironbark is a small rough barked sclerophyll tree that grows naturally in pure stands on hills in the Palmer River region of Cape York North Queensland Australia.
 Rochefortia is a genus of plant in family Boraginaceae.Species include: Rochefortia acrantha Urb.
 Verbascum speciosum is a species of flowering plant in the figwort family known by the common name showy mullein. It is native to eastern Europe and western Asia and it is known in many other regions as an introduced species and roadside weed. It is a biennial herb forming a rosette of large leaves and an erect stem well exceeding one meter in maximum height. The leaves are 30 to 40 centimeters long and have smooth edges and pointed tips.
 Siphoneugenia is a genus of plant in family Myrtaceae. Species include: Siphoneugenia densiflora Berg Siphoneugenia occidentalis Legrand Siphoneugenia widgreniana Berg
 The annual flower of the bluebell family Campanula exigua has several common names including chaparral bellflower rock harebell and Rattan campanula. It is a rare plant endemic to California and is found in a few isolated spots around Mount Diablo State Park in the east Bay Area. It grows out of rocky and gravel soils sending up several long stems filled with milky sap and bearing sparse tiny leaves. At the end of each stem grows a bell-shaped bright blue-violet flower.
 Notobubon galbanum re-classified from Peucedanum galbanum in 2008 better known as the Blister Bush is a South African plant that is best known for its ability to cause painful blistering after contact. The plant is in the family Apiaceae subfamily Apioideae.
 Anthoxanthum the vernal grasses or vernalgrasses is a large genus of true grass with a cosmopolitan distribution.A. odoratum is a common species of acidic grassland and bogs in northern Europe.The genus Hierochloe is included in Anthoxanthum by some recent authors.
 Roupala loxensis is a species of plant in the Proteaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 'Lad Cutak' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Dyckia in the Bromeliad family.
 Oplismenus thwaitesii is a flowering plant that is endemic to India.
 Petrorhagia dubia is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name hairy pink. It is native to southern Europe and the Mediterranean Basin but it is known on other continents including Australia and North and South America as an introduced species and sometimes a weed. It is an annual herb growing 25 to 60 centimeters tall but known to reach 90 centimeters in height. The leaves are up to 6 centimeters long sheathing the stem at the bases.
 Trillium petiolatum (round leaf trillium Idaho trillium) is a species of Trillium native to the Western United States; particularly Idaho Oregon and Washington. It is somewhat unique among Trillium species as it has round petiolate leaves and flowers close to the ground as opposed to most other Trillium species which flower above the leaves. The plant is small measuring just a few inches tall.
 Pittocaulon praecox is the type species for the genus Pittocaulon and family Asteraceae. This species also has the widest range of the genus.
 Systeloglossum is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Premna taitensis is a species of plant in the Verbenaceae family. It is endemic to French Polynesia.
 Acanthogilia is a genus with a single species of desert shrub from Baja California Mexico. It was first scientifically described as a genus in 1986.
 Saruma is a genus of plant in family Aristolochiaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Saruma henryi Oliv.
 Orobanche bulbosa is a species of broomrape known by the common name chaparral broomrape. It is native to the chaparral of California and Baja California where it is a parasite growing attached to the roots of shrubs usually chamise. This plant arises from a thick root and a bulbous twisted scaly stem base and grows erect to a maximum height near 30 centimetres (12 in). As a parasite taking its nutrients from a host plant it lacks leaves and chlorophyll.
 Garcinia monantha is a species of flowering plant in the Clusiaceae family.It is found only in Malaysia.
 Oxanthera aurantium is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family. It is endemic to New Caledonia.
 Leionema phylicifolium commonly known as Alpine Phebalium is a shrub species that is endemic to south-eastern Australia. Plants grow to 1.5 metres high and have narrow leaves with recurved edges.
 Alseodaphne is a genus of plants in family Lauraceaeendemic to China and Southeast Asia.The genus has 96 species of evergreen trees to shrubs.[citation needed] They have bisexual flowers lauroid-type leaves[citation needed] an edible[citation needed] a fruit stalk that is red green or yellow and black fruit.
 Cupressus goveniana is a species of cypress endemic to coastal California in the United States where it is found in small scattered populations not in large forests.
 Phacellothrix is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Silene douglasii is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Douglas' catchfly. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California to Wyoming where it grows in several habitat types including forests woodlands and coastal scrub. It is a tufted perennial herb growing from a branching caudex and taproot its stems decumbent to erect and up to 70 centimeters long. The stem is coated in curly or feltlike gray-white hairs.
 Nepenthes burbidgeae /nɨˈpɛnθiːz bərˈbɪdʒi.aɪ/ also known as the painted pitcher plant or Burbidge's Pitcher-Plant is a tropical pitcher plant with a patchy distribution around Mount Kinabalu and neighbouring Mount Tambuyukon in Sabah Borneo.
 Styrax portoricensis locally known as palo de jazmin is a species of flowering plant in the family Styracaceae. It is endemic to Puerto Rico. It is one of the rarest endemic trees of Puerto Rico and is known to occur only in the northeastern Luquillo Mountains (Sierra de Luquillo) and the north-central Cayey Mountains (Sierra de Cayey).
 Bromus ciliatus is a species of brome grass known by the common name fringed brome. It is native to most of North America including most of Canada most of the United States except for some portions of the South and northern Mexico. It is a plant of many habitats including temperate coniferous forest. It is a perennial grass growing in tufts up to 1.2 meters tall and occasionally taller in the Great Plains. The leaves often have sparse long hairs.
 Magnolia phanerophlebia is a species of plant in the Magnoliaceae family. It is endemic to China.
 Helichrysum paulayanum is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Yemen.
 Plantago cordata is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name heartleaf plantain. It is native to eastern North America where it is distributed throughout eastern Canada and the eastern United States. Though it has a wide distribution it is very localized and populations have declined almost everywhere.This perennial plant grows up to half a meter tall. The fleshy leaf blades are oval to heart-shaped and borne on long petioles.
 Melilotus wolgicus the Volga sweet-clover or Russian melilot is native to Russia and Kazakhstan where it is common in the lower Volga and Don valleys. The species is also naturalized in Manitoba and Saskatchewan where the climate is similar to that of its native range. The plant has been discussed as a potential forage crop as it is tolerant to cold and to drought and reportedly more productive than M. albus.Melilotus wolgicus is a biennial herb with a large taproot.
 Kaliphora madagascarensis is a species of evergreen shrub or small tree. It is endemic to Madagascar where it inhabits subhumid woodlands and forests in eastern Madagascar in the provinces of Antananarivo Antsiranana Fianarantsoa and Mahajanga.K. madagascarensis is the sole species of genus Kaliphora.
 Glochidion sumatranum known as the Umbrella Cheese Tree is a plant in the Phyllanthaceae family. It is found in eastern Australia New Guinea and Indonesia. The habitat is rainforest or rainforest margins in swampy areas sometimes associated with palms. It may grow to 15 metres tall. The most southerly point of natural distribution is Iluka New South Wales.
 Clarkia australis is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name Small's southern clarkia. It is endemic to California where it grows in the forests of the central Sierra Nevada. It is an uncommon species threatened by such forest activities as logging. This annual herb produces a slender erect stem approaching a meter in height. The leaves are widely linear in shape and borne on short petioles.
 Alvaradoa jamaicensis is a species of plant in the Picramniaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica.
 Dendrobium heterocarpum the Different-fruited Dendrobium is a species of orchid.
 Sorbus leyana (also called Ley's Whitebeam) is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family. It is endemic to the United Kingdom where it is found in the wild at two sites in the Brecon Beacons in Wales. It is threatened by habitat loss. There are about 16 examples left in the wild. Seeds have been collected by the Royal Botanic Gardens Kew.
 Polycarpaea hassalensis is a species of plant in the Caryophyllaceae family. It is endemic to Yemen. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and rocky areas.
 Quercus oleoides with Spanish common names encina or encino is a species of oak in the Fagaceae family. It grows in dry forests and pastureland of lowest North America and of Central America from Guanacaste Province Costa Rica to Tamaulipas Mexico.Quercus oleoides is a slow-growing tree reaching 8–15 metres (26–49 ft) in height. Its pale gray leaves are evergreen thick hard 4 to 11 cm long 2 to 5 cm wide oblong or elliptic.
 Calochortus nudus is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name naked mariposa lily. It is native to the mountains of northern California and southern Oregon where it grows in wet areas such as meadows and lakeside bogs.
 Neoregelia correia-araujoi is a species of the genus Neoregelia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Symphyotrichum chilense (formerly Aster chilensis) is a species of aster known by the common names Pacific aster and common California aster. It is native to the West Coast of North America from British Columbia to Southern California and the Channel Islands. It grows in many types of habitats especially along the coast and in the coastal mountain ranges. Despite its Latin name it does not occur in Chile.
 Larrea is a genus of flowering plants in the caltrop family Zygophyllaceae. It contains five species of evergreen shrubs that are native to the Americas. The generic name honours Spanish scientist J.A. Hernández Pérez de Larrea. South American members of this genus are known as jarillas and are so closely related that hybrids are partially fertile. One of the more notable species is the Creosote Bush (L.
 Acianthera hoffmannseggiana is a species of orchid.
 Parashorea malaanonan is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. it is found in the Philippines and northeast coast of Sabah in Borneo. The name malaanonan is derived from Tagalog (mala = false and anonang = custard apple) and is a putative vernacular name for this species. It is a large emergent tree up to 60 m found in mixed dipterocarp forests on deep friable clay soils.
 Acacia purpurea is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Mozambique.
 Globularia ascanii Bramwell & Kunkel. Small procumbent shrublet resembling G. sarcophylla but with larger broadly lanceolate leaves (5-10 cm) short peduncles (1-2 cm) and pale blue white flowers. Gran Canaria: Tamadaba Massif cliffs in pine forest zone Barranco Oscuro 1200 m very rare.
 The Bala De Cañón Coco De Mono Paraíso Zapote De Mico or Zapote De Mono (Couroupita nicaraguarensis the epithet often spelled as nicaraguensis) is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.It is found in Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador El Salvador Nicaragua and Panama.It is threatened by habitat loss. Also in Puerto Rico the only place you can found it is in Toa Alta Puerto Rico the only town in the whole Island with this tree.
 Stylidium prophyllum is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Stylidium (family Stylidiaceae). It is an annual plant that grows from 8 to 30 cm tall. The deltate leaves about 4-10 per plant are scattered along the elongate glabrous stem and are generally 0.7-1.5 mm long and 0.3-0.6 mm wide. Petioles and scapes are absent. Inflorescences are 3–14 cm long and produce pink flowers that bloom from February to June in the southern hemisphere. S.
 Lupinus adsurgens is a species of lupine known by the common name Drew's silky lupine. It is native to the Sierra Nevada and coastal mountain ranges of northern California and southern Oregon where it grows in forest and other mountain habitat. It is a perennial herb growing 20–60 centimetres (7.9–23.6 in) in height. Each palmate leaf is made up of 6 to 9 leaflets each up to 5 centimetres (2.0 in) long. The herbage is hairy and silvery or gray-green in color.
 Aechmea wuelfinghoffii is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Tessmannianthus gordonii is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Panama. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Kibatalia merrilliana is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family. It is endemic to the Philippines.
 Oldenlandia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. It is pantropical in distribution and has about 240 species. The type species for the genus is Oldenlandia corymbosa.Oldenlandia was named by Linnaeus in 1753 in Species Plantarum. The name honors the Danish botanist Henrik Bernard Oldenland (c.1663-1699).
 Rhaponticum carthamoides also known as Maral root or Rhaponticum is an herbaceous perennial plant from the family Asteraceae that inhabits the sub-alpine zone (4500–6000 ft (1400–1800 m) above sea level) as well as alpine meadows. It can be found growing wild in Southern Siberia Kazakhstan the Altay region and Western Sayani. Maral root is widely cultivated throughout Russia and Eastern Europe.
 Leucaena greggii is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Mexico. It is threatened by habitat loss. The species name greggii honors Josiah Gregg (1806 – 1850) a merchant explorer naturalist and author of the American Southwest and Northern Mexico.
 Diospyros daemona is a tree in the Ebenaceae family. It grows up to 20 metres (70 ft) tall. The twigs dry greyish. Inflorescences bear up to 10 flowers. The fruits are roundish drying black up to 6 cm (2 in) in diameter. The specific epithet daemona is from the Latin meaning demon referring to the poisonous fruit. D. daemona is found in Sumatra Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.
 Campyloneurum phyllitidis commonly known as the long strap fern is a species of fern in the Polypodiaceae family. It is an epiphyte growing on other plants; generally the fern is found growing in the canopies of trees. It has a relatively large rhizome from which many fine rootlets covered in dark reddish-brown scales grow. Its leaves are simple in shape hairless 45–100 centimetres (18–39 in) long and 8–12 centimetres (3.1–4.7 in) wide.
 Pitcairnia wendlandii is a species of the genus Pitcairnia. This species is native to Costa Rica.
 Pelargonium radens is a species of Pelargonium. It is an evergreen perennial plant growing to up to 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in) high. It has deeply cut triangular scented gray-green leaves and in the summer bears clusters of small pink-purple flowers followed by small curly-tailed brownish seeds. It is originally from the southern and eastern Cape South Africa where it grows in ravines or gorges near streams or among shrubs on mountainsides.
 Symphyotrichum eatonii (formerly Aster eatonii) is a species of aster known by the common name Eaton's aster. It is native to much of western North America from British Columbia to Saskatchewan the Sierra Nevada in California the Rocky Mountains region to Arizona and New Mexico where it grows in many habitat types especially wet areas such as meadows and near ditches.
 Alstonia is a widespread genus of evergreen trees and shrubs of the dogbane plant family Apocynaceae. It was named by Robert Brown in 1811 after Charles Alston (1685–1760) Professor of botany at Edinburgh from 1716-1760. The type species Alstonia scholaris (L.) R.Br. was originally named Echites scholaris by Linnaeus in 1767.
 Stuckenia pectinata (syn. Potamogeton pectinatus) commonly called fennel pondweed or sago pondweed and sometimes called ribbon weed. It is a cosmopolitan water plant species that grows in fresh and brackish water on all continents except Antarctica.
 Coccomyxaceae is a family of algae in the order Chlorococcales.
 Bulbophyllum incurvum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Lithocarpus maingayi is a species of plant in the Fagaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Micranthocereus streckeri is a species of plant in the Cactaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and rocky areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Amsinckia is a genus of flowering plants commonly known as fiddlenecks. The name derives from the flower stems bearing many small flowers which curl over at the top in a manner reminiscent of the head of a fiddle. Fiddlenecks are in the family Boraginaceae along with borage and forget-me-nots.The fiddlenecks are native to western North America and south-western South America but they have spread widely to other regions. They are annuals many of them bristly.
 Eriogonum wrightii is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common names bastardsage and Wright's buckwheat. It is native to the Southwestern United States California and Northwest Mexico where it grows in many plant communities such as chaparral in rocky habitats from mountains to deserts.
 Psychotria plurivenia is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Maytenus sp. nov. A is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family. It is endemic to Yemen. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and rocky areas.
 Ceroxylon alpinum is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Venezuela.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Centaurium erythraea is a species of flowering plant in the gentian family known by the common names common centaury and European centaury.
 Enchylaena is a genus of two species of small perennial shrubs endemic to Australia. Plants of this genus are commonly known as barrier saltbushes.The genus was published by Robert Brown in 1810 along with the species Enchylaena tomentosa. A number of putative species have been published since then but all bar one have been transferred into other genera or given synonymy with E. tomentosa. The exception is Enchylaena lanata published by Paul G.
 Ocotea quixos is a species of evergreen tree in the Lauraceae family native to Ecuador and Colombia. It is one of the South American trees with a cinnamon-like aroma and is used as a spice called ispinku in Southern Quechua or ishpinku in Kichwa (hispanicized spellings ishpingo eshpingo).
 Gluta is a genus of plant in family Anacardiaceae. Species include: Gluta capituliflora Ding Hou Gluta curtisii (Oliver) Ding Hou Gluta lanceolata Ridley Gluta papuana Ding Hou Gluta travancorica Bedd.
 × Rhynchovanda abbreviated Rhv. in the horticultural trade is the nothogenus for intergeneric hybrids between the orchid genera Rhynchostylis and Vanda (Rhy. x V.).
 Puya compacta is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland. It is a Critically endangered species threatened by habitat loss.
 Chasechloa is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Phaseolus filiformis is a species of wild bean native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico. Its common names include slimjim bean slender-stem bean and Wright's phaseolus. This plant resembles other beans in appearance with leaves composed of lobed triangular leaflets and pink pea-like flowers. The small bean pods are 2.5 to 3.5 centimeters long and less than a centimeter wide.
 Ligustrum pricei is a species of Ligustrum native to Guizhou Hubei Hunan Shaanxi Sichuan and Taiwan where it occurs at 900–1700 m altitude.Ligustrum pricei is an evergreen shrub or small tree growing to 1–8 m tall. The leaves are 1.5–6 cm long and 1.5–6 cm broad with an acute apex and an entire margin. The flowers are white 6–8 mm diameter produced in panicles 2–7 cm long.
 Ophrys umbilicata is a species of orchid found from the eastern Mediterranean to Iran.
 Cynoglossum creticum is a plant in the Boraginaceae family. It is found in the Mediterranean Basin.
 Juncus ensifolius is a species of rush known by the common name swordleaf rush. It is native to much of western North America from Alaska to central Mexico and into eastern Canada. It is present in Japan and far eastern Russia and it has been introduced to many other regions of the world including Europe New Zealand and Australia. It is a plant of wet areas in many types of habitat. This is a rhizomatous perennial herb forming clumps of stems 20 to 60 centimeters tall.
 Senecio ertterae is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Ertter's ragwort. It is endemic to Oregon in the United States.This annual herb grows 20 to 50 centimeters tall sometimes reaching 60 centimeters or more. The leaves and stems are slightly succulent. The lance-shaped or spatula-shaped leaves are borne on winged petioles. The inflorescence is a cyme-shaped array of several flower heads. The yellow ray florets are each about half a centimeter long.
 Aquilaria malaccensis is a species of plant in the Thymelaeaceae family. It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar the Philippines Singapore and Thailand. It is threatened by habitat loss.The World List of Threatened Trees (Oldfield et al. 1998) listed Iran as one of the countries with a population of A. malaccensis but an exploratory 2002 CITES review confirmed that Iran has no record of the species.
 The Redwing Pterolobium stellatum (Latin: stellatum starry or star-like suggesting the radial arrangement of inflorescenses) is a perennial flowering plant in the legume family Fabaceae. It is the only member of the genus to occur in Africa where it has an extensive but easterly range from northern South Africa to Sudan Ethiopia and Yemen.
 Erythroxylaceae (or coca family) is a family of flowering trees and shrubs consisting of 4 genera and approximately 240 species. The four genera are Aneulophus Benth Erythroxylum P. Br Nectaropetalum Engl. and Pinacopodium (Hegnauer 1980 279).The best-known species are the coca plants the source of the drug cocaine.
 Hymenoxys richardsonii (common name pingue hymenoxys) is a plant.
 Polyscias verrucosa is a species of plant in the Araliaceae family. It is endemic to French Polynesia.
 Hyptis suaveolens pignut or chan is a branching pseudocereal plant native to tropical regions of Central and South America. It is generally 1–1.5 m (3.3–4.9 ft) tall occasionally up to 3 m (9.8 ft). Stems are hairy and square in cross section. Leaves are oppositely arranged 2–10 cm (0.79–3.94 in) long with shallowly toothed margins and emit a strong minty odor if crushed. Flowers are pink or purple arranged in clusters of 1-5 in the upper leaf axils.
 Ceiba rosea is a species of plant in the Bombacaceae family. It is found in Colombia Costa Rica and Panama. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Penstemon speciosus is a species of penstemon known by the common name royal penstemon. It is native to the western United States where it can be found in many types of habitat including plateau and foothill scrub and subalpine mountain forests. It is a perennial herb growing erect to a maximum height near 60 centimeters. The leaves are usually lance-shaped and sometimes folded lengthwise measuring up to 9 centimeters long. They are arranged oppositely and often clasp the stem at the bases.
 Zamioculcas (Common name Zanzibar Gem) is a genus of flowering plant in the family Araceae containing the single species Zamioculcas zamiifolia. It is a tropical perennial plant native to eastern Africa from Kenya south to northeastern South Africa. Dutch nurseries started wide-scale commercial propagation of the plant around 1996.
 Iriarteeae is a palm tribe in the subfamily Arecoideae.
 Euphorbia bwambensis is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is found in the Republic of the Congo and Uganda.
 Nymphaea colorata is a water lily that is native to tropical East Africa. It was first described by A. Peter in 1928.
 Alchornea glandulosa is a tree species of the Acalyphoideae native to South America growing for example in southern Brazil from Minas Gerais to Rio Grande do Sul. It is locally known as tamanqueiro tapiá or amor seco. This gnarled tree grows preferentially in riparian forest where it a common pioneer species growing to a height of 10–20 m.
 Orthotrichum is a genus of moss in family Orthotrichaceae.
 Hakea myrtoides or Myrtle Hakea is a shrub endemic to the woodlands of the Darling Range near Perth in Western Australia.It grows to between 0.3 and 0.9 metres in height and has pink flowers that appear in winter and early spring followed by small woody seed capsules that are less than 1 cm in diameter. The leaves are small elliptical and myrtle-like (hence myrtiodes) and are about 2 cm in length and end in a point.
 Rhodamnia rubescens (Scrub Stringybark Brush Turpentine Brown Malletwood) is a rainforest tree of eastern Australia. Identified by a stringy type of bark and three veined leaves it grows in a variety of different rainforests from the Batemans Bay region (35° S) of southeastern New South Wales to Gympie (27° S) in southeastern Queensland. It is not seen in the cool temperate rainforests.
 Coccothrinax yuraguana is a palm which is endemic to western Cuba.Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. yuraguana to be a synonym of Coccothrinax miraguama.
 Anthurium rimbachii is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Elaeocarpus inopinatus is a species of flowering plant in the Elaeocarpaceae family.It is found only in Malaysia.
 Erythrina haerdii is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in Tanzania.
 Hydrangea kwangsiensis is a species of Hydrangea native to China.
 Lettowianthus is a genus of plant in family Annonaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Lettowianthus stellatus Diels
 Clutieae is a tribe of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae. It comprises 2 genera.
 'Big Ben' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Aechmea in the Bromeliad family.
 Quesnelia violacea is a species of the genus Quesnelia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Typha albida commonly called the white cattail is a plant species endemic to Afghanistan. It grows in freshwater marshes.
 Detarium senegalense is a leguminous tree from the Caesalpiniaceae family that produces globular fruits commonly referred to as ditax ditakh and detar. This multi-purpose plant that along with producing nutritious fruits is also used for a number of medicinal purposes and for its quality timber. D. senegalense has great potential for promoting food security contributing to sustainable land care and rural development.
 Pittosporum bicolor known as the banyalla is a shrub or small tree growing in south eastern Australia. Found in moist areas near streams or rainforests south of Captains Flat. Sometimes seen as an epiphyte on Soft Tree Ferns.The specific epithet bicolor refers to the dark green above the leaf and the silvery white below. It may grow to 18 metres in height with a stem diameter of 35 cm. But it is mostly seen less than half this height.
 Cheirodendron is a genus of flowering plant in the ivy family Araliaceae. All six species in the genus are endemic to Polynesia. The five Hawaiian species are generally called ʻōlapa and occur in wet forests on all major islands as well as some mesic forests such as Kipuka Puaulu.
 Acropogon aoupiniensis is a species of flowering plant in the Sterculiaceae family.It is found only in New Caledonia.
 Lebruniodendron is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the sub family Caesalpinioideae.
 Triplachne is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Pulsatilla patens is a species of flowering plant in the family Ranunculaceae native to Europe Russia Mongolia China Canada and the United States. Common names include Eastern pasqueflower prairie smoke prairie crocus and cutleaf anemone.
 Phyllanthus warnockii is a plant species of the Phyllanthaceae family. It is a sand dune annual and confined to the Southwestern United States and adjacent Mexico.[citation needed] It is poisonous to mammals.
 Parashorea chinensis is a large species of tree (up to 80 m tall) in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is found in southern China (in Yunnan and Guangxi provinces) and in northern Vietnam. It is threatened by habitat loss. The species is under first-class national protection in China.
 Parentucellia latifolia is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by several common names including red bartsia red tarweed and broadleaf glandweed. It is native to Europe but it can be found on other continents including Australia as an introduced species. This is an erect annual herb producing a stiff slender stem coated in hairs and sticky glands. It reaches a maximum height near 30 centimeters. The hairy leaves are divided into triangular or lance-shaped lobes.
 Lyonia ovalifolia is a species of plant in the Ericaceae family.This plant is Native to Nepal China Japan Cambodia Myanmar Thailand Vietnam and Malaysia.
 Hypnomonadaceae is a family of algae in the order Chlorococcales.
 Scadoxus pseudocaulus is a herbaceous plant native to Nigeria Equatorial Guinea Cameroon and Gabon.
 Pouteria splendens is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Chile.
 Myristica filipes is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 Cyathea hookeri is a species of tree fern endemic to Sri Lanka where it grows in lowland forest. This plant has a narrow erect trunk that is usually 1-2 m tall. Fronds are pinnate and approximately 1 m in length. The stipe is dark and covered with blunt spines and scattered scales. These scales are long glossy medium brown in colouration and have fragile edges. Sori are borne on the lowest one or two pairs of veins of fertile pinnules.
 Spartina alterniflora (Smooth Cordgrass or Saltmarsh Cordgrass) is a perennial deciduous grass which is found in intertidal wetlands especially estuarine salt marshes. It grows 1-1.5 m tall (3-5 feet) and has smooth hollow stems which bear leaves up to 20-60 cm (8 inches-2 feet) long and 1.5 cm (1/2 inch) wide at their base which are sharply tapered and bend down at their tips. Like its relative Saltmeadow Cordgrass S. patens it produces flowers and seeds on only one side of the stalk.
 Tillandsia matudae is a species of the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Mexico.
 Pouteria altissima is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family and a source of anigre hardwood. It is found in Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ethiopia Gabon Ghana Guinea Kenya Nigeria Rwanda Sierra Leone Sudan Tanzania and Uganda. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cephalotaxus wilsoniana commonly known as the Taiwan Plum Yew or Taiwan Cowtail Pine is large coniferous bush or small tree in the plum yew family. It is native to Taiwan.
 Caesalpinia mimosoides is a plant species in the genus Caesalpinia.Gallic acid can be extracted from the plant. It is a food plant for the caterpillars of Eurema blanda.
 Geranium holm-nielsenii is a species of plant in the Geraniaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Juncus interior is a species of rush. It is known by the common name Interior Rush and in its native range also as Soft Rush (which generally refers to J. effusus outside North America). It is native to the central inlands of North America where it grows in moist areas such as meadows and spring prairies. It can also be found in drier areas. This is a perennial herb with tufted roots. It has long flat narrow leaves with rounded auricles.
 Limonium australe is a species of sea lavender known by the common name Native Sea Lavender. It is native to Australia where it is known to inhabit saltmarshes and mud flats along the eastern coast from northern Tasmania to Mackay in Queensland.
 Abronia fragrans (sweet sand-verbena snowball sand-verbena prairie snowball fragrant verbena) is a species of sand verbena.
 The Weeping wattle (Peltophorum africanum) is a semi-deciduous to deciduous flowering tree growing to about 15 meters tall. It is native to Africa south of the equator. Their yellow flowers bloom on the ends of branches in upright showy sprays.
 Muhlenbergia richardsonis known by the common name Mat muhly is a species of grass. It is native to North America where it can be found throughout much of Canada Alaska the western half of the contiguous United States through California and in Baja California Mexico.
 Durio ceylanicus is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family. It is found only in Sri Lanka.The Ceylon durian a large prickly fruit is inedible and does not stink.
 Licuala ferruginea is a species of palm tree from the genus Licuala. It is found in Singapore including in the Bukit Timah Nature Reserve. It is also found in Malaysia. It is a small palm with a short stem. It has between 10 and 13 leaflets. The central leaflet is the longest and can grow to up to one meter long. The flowers have hairy ovaries. The fruits are pink when young and black when mature.
 Calyptranthes sessilis is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Trema discolor is a species of plant in the Ulmaceae family. It is endemic to French Polynesia.
 Xerochloa is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.Species list:Xerochloa imberbis - Rice grass
 Memecylon kunstleri is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Plectrachne is a type of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Pouteria pachycalyx is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Scalesia crockeri is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.
 Carex pendula (pendulous sedge also known as hanging drooping or weeping sedge) is a large sedge of the genus Carex. It occurs in woodland scrubland hedges and beside streams preferring damp heavy clay soils. It is sometimes grown as a garden plant because of its distinctive appearance.It is native to western central and southern parts of Europe occurring north to Sweden Denmark and parts of Scotland where it reaches 58°N.
 In taxonomy the Pleurastrophyceae are a class of green algae in the division Chlorophyta. It was created by Mattox and Stewart in 1984 containing four genera. More recent classifications tend to split the group. On the one hand Tetraselmis seems to be a sister to the so-called UTC clade (Chlorophyceae Trebouxiophyceae and Ulvophyceae) thus making it part of the (paraphyletic) Prasinophyceae.
 Maytenus cymosa (also called Caribbean Mayten) is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family. It is found in Puerto Rico the British Virgin Islands and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
 Syzygium micranthum is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Templetonia stenophylla commonly known as Leafy Templetonia is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae. It is endemic to eastern Australia.
 Monechma is a genus of plant in family Acanthaceae closely related to the genus Justicia. It contains the following species (this list may be incomplete): Monechma ciliatum (Jacq.) Milne-Redh. Monechma cleomoides C. B. Clarke Monechma debile (Forssk.) Nees Monechma divaricatum (Nees) C.B. Clarke Monechma grandiflorum Schinz Monechma leucoderme (Schinz) C.B.Clarke Monechma serotinum P.G.Mey. Monechma subsessile (Oliv.) C.B. ClarkeMonechma acutum C.B.ClarkeMonechma affine Hochst.
 Cassady is a grape variety which is greenish-white in color. It is related to the Fox Grape Vitis labrusca and it is an offspring of an open pollination variant of V. labrusca which means that it is classified as an interspecific crossing a hybrid grape. It was first described in the Interim Fruit Report of the Pennsylvania Horticultural Society in November 1853. The first Cassady grapevine sprang up as a volunteer (unplanted) seedling in the yard of P.H.
 Cassia grandis one of several species called Pink Shower Tree and known as Carao in Spanish is a flowering plant in the family Fabaceae native to the neotropics that grows up to 30 m (98 ft). The species is distributed from southern México to Venezuela and Ecuador. It grows in forests and open fields at lower elevations and is known to be planted as an ornamental.
 Dinoseris is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family Asteraceae containing the single species Dinoseris salicifolia. It is native to Bolivia and Argentina. It was formerly included in genus Hyaloseris.
 In taxonomy Pseudoderbesia is a genus of algae specifically of the Bryopsidaceae.
 Pitcairnia xanthocalyx is a species of the genus Pitcairnia. This species is endemic to Mexico.
 Piperia transversa (syn: Platanthera transversa) is a species of orchid known by the common name royal rein orchid. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California where it can be found in forest woodland chaparral and scrub habitat often in dry areas.
 Glinus radiatus is a species of flowering plant in the family Molluginaceae known by the common name spreading sweetjuice.
 Bulbophyllum ischnopus is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Canna amabilis is a species of the Canna genus belonging to the family Cannaceae. Native to Northern Argentina (Chaco).It is a perennial and is hardy to zone 10 and is frost tender. In the north latitudes it is in flower from August to October and the seeds ripen in October. The flowers are hermaphrodite.
 Setaria megaphylla the broad-leaved bristle grass big-leaf bristle grass or ribbon bristle grass is native to south-eastern Africa. It is also cultivated and it has naturalized outside its native range for example in Florida in the United States.It may be found in glades in forested areas and along rivers or streams. It can grow to more than 2 metres tall and has broad dark green leaves and hairy leaf sheaths. Many kinds of birds such as finches and canaries eat the seeds.
 Bifrenaria calcarata is a species of orchid.16x Media related to Bifrenaria calcarata at Wikimedia Commons
 Klarobelia is a genus of plant in family Annonaceae.
 Anemone jamesonii is a species of plant in the Ranunculaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Rulingia is a genus of flowering plants native to Australia and Madagascar. In 2011 all species were transferred to Commersonia with the exception of Rulingia cuneata R. loxophylla R.luteiflora and R. procumbens which have been transferred to the new genus Androcalva.Species formerly placed in the genus included:Rulingia borealis (E.Pritz.) C.F.Wilkins Rulingia corylifolia Graham – Hazel-leaved Rulingia Rulingia craurophylla F.Muell. – Brittle-leaved Rulingia Rulingia cuneata Turcz.
 Vicia tetrasperma (Smooth Tare Smooth Vetch Lentil Vetch Sparrow Vetch) is a species from the large genus Vicia. This vetch is native to Europe Asia and North Africa and it can be found on other continents as an introduced species.
 Leucocrinum montanum commonly known as the sand lily starlily or mountain lily is the only species in the monotypic genus Leucocrinum placed in the family Asparagaceae and subfamily Agavoideae. It is native to the western United States.This species is a perennial plant growing from a deep system of fleshy roots. It is stemless growing no more than about 10 cm (4 in) tall. It produces tufts of long narrow leaves sheathed together at the bases.
 Dovyalis hebecarpa commonly known as Ceylon gooseberry Kitembilla or Ketembilla is a plant in the genus Dovyalis native to Sri Lanka and southern India. It is a shrub or small tree growing to 6 m tall with sharp 3–6 cm long stem spines in the leaf axils. The leaves are alternately arranged simple broad lanceolate 5–10 cm long and 1–3 cm broad with an entire or finely toothed margin.The flowers are inconspicuous solitary or clustered with no petals.
 Vateria macrocarpa is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to India.
 Epilaeliocattleya abbreviated Eplc. in the horticultural trade is the nothogenus consisting of all intergeneric orchid hybrids descended from at least one species in each of the parent genera (Epidendrum Laelia and Cattleya) and from no other natural genera.
 Bulbophyllum galactanthum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Maytenus abbottii is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family. It is endemic to South Africa. It is threatened by habitat loss. This is a small gregarious tree favouring moist places such as stream banks in coastal lowland forest. There is a small population on the KwaZulu-Natal/Eastern Cape border.
 Bulbophyllum rupestre is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Crataegus scabrida is a species of hawthorn.
 Myrsine niauensis is a species of plant in the Myrsinaceae family. It is endemic to French Polynesia.
 Sphaeralcea angustifolia is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common names copper globemallow and narrowleaf globemallow. It is native to the southwestern United States as well as northern and central Mexico where it grows in desert and plateau habitat. It produces many erect stems approaching three meters in maximum height. It is woolly or felt-like in texture. The gray-green leaf blades are lance-shaped and measure up to about 5 cm long.
 Meehania cordata also known as Meehan's Mint or Creeping Mint is a perennial plant of the genus Meehania within the family Lamiaceae found in moist shady banks west of Pennsylvania to Illinois Tennessee and North Carolina around the month of June.
 Neocallitropsis pancheri is a plant species of the family Cupressaceae and the sole species of the genus Neocallitropsis. It is endemic to New Caledonia where it occurs in small scattered population along rivers.It is an evergreen coniferous tree growing to 2–10 metres (7–33 ft) tall.
 Cornus hongkongensis (sometimes called Benthamidia hongkongensis Dendrobenthamia hongkongensis or Hong Kong dogwood) is a species of evergreen dogwood native to China Laos and Vietnam. It grows to 15 meters in height and blooms in late spring to early summer exhibiting an abundance of fragrant flowers. Because this species of dogwood also exhibits a range of minor differences in morphology due largely to geographic distribution it has been divided into a number of subspecies.
 Buxus vahlii (Vahl's boxwood) is a rare species of plant in the boxwood family. It is native to Puerto Rico and St. Croix in the U.S. Virgin Islands where it is known from no more than four populations total. It has probably never been very common but its distribution has been reduced by deforestation and other human disturbance of its habitat. At the time it was listed as an endangered species of the United States in 1985 it was thought to be endemic to Puerto Rico.
 Hedera nepalensis (Himalayan ivy Himalaya-Efeu chang chun teng) is a species of perennial Ivy (genus Hedera) native to Nepal and Bhutan as well as Afghanistan India China Laos Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam at altitudes of about 1000–3000 m. Plants grow up to 30 m in height with simple leaves ranging from 2–15 cm long and yellow flowers.
 Typha × bavarica  commonly called the Bavarian cattail is a plant of hybrid origin endemic to southern Germany. It apparently originated as a cross between the two very widespread species T. angustifolia and T. shuttleworthii. Typha × bavarica grows in freshwater marshes.
 Tripleurospermum is a genus in the family Asteraceae in the tribe Anthemideae. The classification of the 38 annual and herbaceous perennial species is problematic. Most of the species are from Europe and temperate Asia although a few are from North America and North Africa. The species are placed in Matricaria by some authors.
 Solandra /sɵˈlændrə/ is a genus of flowering plants in the nightshade family Solanaceae. It is named after the Swedish naturalist Daniel C. Solander.The vines it contains are commonly known as Chalice Vines and are native to the Caribbean Mexico and South America.
 Ungnadia speciosa the Mexican Buckeye is a shrub or small tree native to northern Mexico as well as Texas and southern New Mexico in the United States. It is monotypic the only species in the genus Ungnadia. The name honours Christian Samuel Baron von Ungnad (d. 1804).It differs from the buckeyes in the related genus Aesculus in having alternate pinnate leaves with 5-7 leaflets but the flowers and nuts are similar. Another similar related genus is the soapberry (genus Sapindus).
 Brunellia rufa is a species of plant in the Brunelliaceae family. It is endemic to Colombia.
 Cucurbita californica is a species of flowering plant in the squash family.The species was first identified by Sereno Watson in 1876. There is disagreement about whether this is a separate species from Cucurbita palmata. In 1883 botanist C. C. Parry reported it was distinguishable from C. palmata by its smaller fruit and foliage and fruit that is a dull green with thin ridges.
 Mentzelia tricuspis is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common name spinyhair blazingstar. It is native to the Southwestern United States and California where it grows in deserts such as the Sonoran Desert and adjacent mountains in scrub and woodland habitats.
 Drosera gigantea the giant sundew is an erect perennial tuberous species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia. It grows in sandy soils at the margins of swamps and near granite outcrops along the Western Australian coast from Albany north to just south of Geraldton. D. gigantea produces small shield-shaped leaves along many lateral branches that look like a small tree. Individual plants can grow up to 0.2–1 m (0.7–3.3 ft) tall.
 Gunnarorchis is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Capparis discolor is a species of plant in the Capparaceae family. It is found in Colombia Costa Rica Mexico Nicaragua and Panama. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Elytrostachys is a genus of bamboo (tribe Bambuseae of the family Poaceae) comprising 2 species found in the rainforests from Honduras to Venezuela.
 Brazilea is an extinct genus of algae. The species Brazilea helby and Brazilea scissa were located in outcrop Morro do Papaléo in the town of Mariana Pimentel the geopark Paleorrota. The outcrop date Sakmarian at Permian.
 Hypoxis juncea (commonly known as fringed yellow star-grass and rushy hypoxis) is a star-grass species with leaves that are so narrow as to be comparable to thread. It is found in the United States on coastal plains from Florida to North Carolina. The species is a facultative wetland perennial forb.
 Atriplex pusilla is a species of saltbush known by the common names smooth saltbush and dwarf orach. It is native to the Northwestern United States from California to Idaho where it grows in saline and alkaline soils such as those near hot springs and ephemeral ponds.
 Danthonia unispicata is a species of grass known by the common name onespike oatgrass or onespike danthonia. It is sometimes treated as a variety of Danthonia californica to which it is similar. It is native to western North America where it grows in several types of habitat including grassland and open areas in mountain forests. It is a perennial bunchgrass growing in clumps 10 to 30 centimeters tall with very hairy rolled leaves.
 Knema globularia is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is found in Cambodia China India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Singapore Thailand and Vietnam.
 Nectandra bartlettiana is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family. It is endemic to Venezuela.
 Saussurea laniceps (common name cotton-headed snow lotus simplified Chinese: 绵头雪兔子; traditional Chinese: 綿頭雪兔子; literally cotton head(ed) snow rabbit) is a rare snow lotus found only in the Himalayas including southwest China (in Sikkim in India and in Sichuan Tibet and Yunnan in China). It might also occur in northern Burma. It grows above about 3200 m (10500 ft) altitude on alpine scree slopes. It is reputed to have medicinal properties according to traditional Chinese medicine.
 Herpysma is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Gorgonidium is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. It contains three species found from Argentina to Peru. The spathes tend to be purple and the fruit are black.
 Buddleja 'Vashon Skies' is an American hybrid cultivar derived from a crossing of Buddleja davidii and Buddleja fallowiana introduced to commerce by Colvos Creek Gardens near Seattle.
 Acer oliverianum common names Oliver's Maple and Oliver Maple is broadleaf deciduous tree. It is a species of maple.
 Syringodea is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae. The genus name is derived from the Greek word syrinx meaning pipe and alludes to the long perianth tube.
 Galeandra abbreviated as Gal in horticultural trade is a genus of 20 species of orchids native to tropical America.
 Downingia pusilla is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name dwarf calicoflower. This wildflower is found in two separate parts of the world Chile and the US state of California. It grows in wet areas such as ditches and vernal pools. This annual is different from the other downingias in that its flowers are much smaller reaching 4 millimeters in width at maximum. It grows erect stems with few pointed leaves.
 Psydrax montana is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Argemone pleiacantha is a species of flowering plant in the poppy family known by the common name southwestern prickly poppy. It is native to Arizona and New Mexico in the United States and Chihuahua and Sonora in Mexico where it occurs in dry woodlands and slopes of foothills and mountains. It is an annual or perennial herb with branching erect stems up to 1.5 meters tall. The plant is covered in prickles often densely. The blue-green leaves are divided into sharp toothlike lobes.
 Fraxinus excelsior 'Hessei' also known as One-leaved Ash or Simple-leaved Ash is a cultivar of the Fraxinus excelsior species native to Europe and Western Asia. It is known for being vigorous seedless and pest resistant. It is widely cultivated as a shade tree having lustrous dark-green foliage.
 Eucalyptus elata River peppermint River white gum is a medium to tall tree with rough bark on the lower trunk compact with narrow longitudinal fissures dark grey shedding above in long ribbons often remaining in the crown to leave a smooth grey cream or whitish surface.Adult leaves are stalked narrow-lanceolate to lanceolate to 12 x 2.8 cm green.White flowers appear in spring to summer.Distribution occurs on the central tablelands and southern coastal ranges of New South Wales and adjacent areas in Victoria.E. 
 Antirrhinum vexillo-calyculatum is a species of New World snapdragon found only in California and occasionally Oregon. This wildflower is known by several common names including wiry snapdragon sailflower snapdragon and Brewer's snapdragon. The plant twines along other plants or objects with its branchlets. It produces lavender snapdragon flowers 1 to 2 centimeters wide. The flower has a prominent lower lip and it may be streaked with darker purple.
 Galium boreale or Northern Bedstraw is a plant species of the genus Galium.Gallium boreale is edible with a sweet smell and taste and can be eaten as a wild salad green. Varieties such as Galium boreale which do not contain the small hooks on the stem are not as palatable as the hooked varieties of Galium like Galium aparine but are important plants to remember for survival purposes. The germination rate of Galium is 26 percent in optimal conditions.
 Cordylanthus orcuttianus is a rare species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name Orcutt's bird's beak. It is native to Baja California and southern San Diego County California where few populations are known. It is a plant of coastal scrub habitat. This annual herb grows to a maximum of half a meter in height and is green to reddish-green in color and coated in stiff hairs. The leaves are up to 8 centimeters long and dissected into narrow segments.
 Cola lukei is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family.It is found only in Tanzania.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Nogra is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
 Racinaea quadripinnata is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Eschscholzia ramosa is a species of poppy known by the common name Channel Islands poppy or simply island poppy. It is known only from the Channel Islands of California (United States) and Guadalupe Island of Baja California (Mexico). It is usually found in chaparral. This wildflower is an annual herb growing from a clump of foliage made up of segmented leaves with divided rounded leaflets. The erect stalks grow up to 30 centimeters tall.
 Vatica philastraena is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is a tree found in Thailand and Vietnam.
 Juglans neotropica is a species of plant in the Juglandaceae family. It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru. It is threatened by habitat loss. Common names include Colombian Walnut Ecuadorian Walnut Andean Walnut Nogal Cedro Negro Cedro Nogal and Nogal Bogotano.
 Triadenum is a genus of flowering plants in the family Hypericaceae. The genus is characterized by opposite blunt-tipped leaves and pink flowers with 9 stamens.
 Pradosia granulosa is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Potamogeton compressus is a species of aquatic plant known by the common names flatstem pondweed and eel-grass pondweed. It is native to much of northern North America including most of Canada and the northern United States. It grows in water bodies such as ponds lakes and slow-moving streams. This plant produces a very narrow flattened winged stem up to a roughly a meter in maximum length. The rigid light green leaves are linear in shape up to 20 centimeters long but less than 1 wide.
 Rosa acicularis also known as the prickly wild rose the prickly rose the bristly rose and the Arctic rose is a species of wild rose with a Holarctic distribution in northern regions of Asia Europe and North America.
 Philodendron gualeanum is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Morus australis (Chinese mulberry) is a flowering plant species in the genus Morus found in South-East Asia.The larvae of the freak (Calinaga buddha) feed on M. australis.Australone A can be found in M. australis.
 Dendrobium is a genus of orchids (Orchidaceae) containing about 1200 species.Several former species of Dendrobium are placed elsewhere today; see below for these.
 Syngonium dodsonianum is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Salvia herbanica is a Critically Endangered perennial plant that is endemic to the Canary Islands growing in the mountains of southern-central Fuerteventura at 250 to 400 m (820 to 1310 ft) elevation. In 2004 there were only 212 known plants in the wild in ten locations with fewer than 50 plants in each location. Habitat for the plant continues to shrink due to predation by herbivores (domesticated goats and sheep and wild rabbits and squirrels) .
 Freziera ferruginea is a species of plant in the Theaceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Quercus iberica (Georgian Oak) is a deciduous tree native to the Caucasus (including regions of coastal northeastern Turkey Asia Minor and Iran). The Georgian Oak is a fairly large tree growing up to 20–25 metres (66–82 ft) in height or exceptionally up to 40 m (130 ft). Q. iberica is known for its very short stalk and acorns that occur either in pairs or alone.
 Cycnoches egertonianum is a species of orchid.
 Vachellia cernua is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in Somalia and is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lebronnecia is a monotypic genus of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family. It contains the following species: Lebronnecia kokioides
 Reichenbachia is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Nyctaginaceae the family that also includes Bougainvillea.
 Moneywort redirects here. Bacopa monnieri (Coastal Waterhyssop) is also sometimes known by that name.Lysimachia nummularia (syn. Lysimachia zawadzkii Wiesner) is a species of flowering plant in the family Myrsinaceae. Its common names include creeping jenny moneywort herb twopence and twopenny thot.
 Linaria ricardoi is a very rare Portuguese endemic plant species. This species main distribution area is near Beja region (Baixo Alentejo) and blossoms in March to May. There are only a few known populations of the Linaria ricardoi distributed in a metapopulation and it faces risk of extinction due to land use change.
 Acanthospermum australe (Paraguayan starburr Ihi kukae hipa Paraguay bur Paraquay starbur Pipili Sheepbur Spiny-bur; syn. Acanthospermum xanthioides DC. Melampodium australe Loefl.) is an herbaceous plant. Extracts of Acanthospermum australe have in vitro antiviral activity against herpesvirus and poliovirus but clinical effects have not been studied.
 Sceptridium is a genus of seedless vascular plants closely allied to (and often included as a subgenus of) the genus Botrychium (the moonworts and grapeferns). It is also closely related to the genus Botrypus (the rattlesnake fern often treated as the subgenus Osmundopteris under Botrychium). Sceptridium species are commonly called the grape-ferns.These plants are small with fleshy roots and reproduce by spores shed into the air.
 Neoregelia gigas is a species of the genus Neoregelia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Eugenia swettenhamiana is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dendrobium lasioglossum is a species of orchid.
 Thermopsis californica known by the common name California goldenbanner is a species of flowering plant in the legume family. The plant is endemic to California from regions in San Diego County and Southern California to Modoc County and northeastern California. It was previously included within the species Thermopsis macrophylla.
 The Chinese Elm Ulmus parvifolia cultivar 'Sempervirens' is an American introduction commonly known by the synonym 'Evergreen' and may also be in synonymy for U. parvifolia 'Pendens'.
 Melia is a genus of flowering trees in the mahogany family Meliaceae. The name is derived from μηλια the Greek word Theophrastus (c. 371 – c. 287 BC) used for Fraxinus ornus which has similar leaves.
 Bulbophyllum oblanceolatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Cyathea macarthurii is a fern in the Cyatheaceae family. The specific epithet honours Sir William Macarthur (1800–1882) horticulturalist botanist and vigneron in New South Wales who did much to establish an Australian wine industry.
 Brodiaea kinkiensis is a species of Brodiaea also with the common name San Clemente Island brodiaea. This flower is endemic to San Clemente Island one of the Channel Islands of California. It has one cylindrical leaf alongside a tall stem which bears an inflorescence of one to several bell-shaped blooms. Each flower has six petallike tepals in shades of light purple with darker purple longitudinal stripes or streaks. The fruit is a capsule containing black seeds.
 Diplopeltis hueglii is a shrub species in the soapberry family Sapindaceae. It is endemic to Western Australia. Plants grow to between 0.1 and 1.5 metres high. White pink or purple flowers are produced between April and December in the species native range.The species was first formally described by Austrian botanist Stephen Endlicher in 1837. The type specimen was collected in Fremantle by Charles von Hügel.Three subspecies are currently recognised:D. huegelii Endl. subsp. huegelii 	D.
 Spiranthes diluvialis is a rare species of orchid known by several common names including Ute lady's tresses (also Ute ladies'-tresses). The species name diluvialis means of the flood. It is native to the western United States where there are scattered mostly small occurrences in the states of Colorado Idaho Montana Nebraska Nevada Utah Washington and Wyoming. An occurrence was recently discovered in southern British Columbia. The plant faces a number of threats to its existence.
 The tangerine (Citrus tangerina) is an orange-colored citrus fruit that is closely related to the mandarin orange (Citrus reticulata). Taxonomically it may be named as a subspecies or variety of Citrus oculata; further work seems to be required to ascertain its correct scientific name. Tangerines are smaller than common oranges and are usually easier to peel and to split into segments.
 Gyrotaenia is a genus of plant in family Urticaceae. Species include: Gyrotaenia microcarpa (Wedd.) F. & R. Gyrotaenia spicata (Wedd.) Wedd.
 Pseudocarapa is a genus of plant in family Meliaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Pseudocarapa championii Hemsley
 Celtis commonly known as hackberries is a genus of about 60-70 species of deciduous trees widespread in warm temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere in southern Europe southern and eastern Asia and southern and central North America south to central Africa and northern and central South America.
 Gentianella (Dwarf gentian) is a plant genus in the Gentian family (Gentianaceae).
 Agonandra is a genus of plants in the family Opiliaceae. It contains about 10 species including Agonandra loranthoides and Agonandra brasiliensis native to South America.
 Iryanthera obovata is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Trigonospermum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Pouteria multiflora is a plant in the Sapotaceae family of the Ericales order. Its English common name is bullytree. Its Spanish common names include jácana. It is native to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. The plant is common in the Toro Negro State Forest.
 Cryptantha scoparia is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Miners candle. It has been found in Idaho Nevada Montana Wyoming Utah and Colorado but there have only been 5 confirmed sightings in recent years. It is a small slender herb which prefers open sunny sites often in semi arid canyons and hillsides.
 Acostia is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Vanilla the vanilla orchids form a flowering plant genus of about 110 species in the orchid family (Orchidaceae). The most widely known member is the Flat-leaved Vanilla (V. planifolia) from which commercial vanilla flavoring is derived. It is the only orchid widely used for industrial purposes (in the food industry and in the cosmetic industry). Another species often grown commercially but not on an industrial scale is the Pompona Vanilla (V.
 Passiflora xishuangbannaensis is a species of plant in the Passifloraceae family. It is endemic to Yunnan Province of China. It is a glabrous 1–3 meters long vine with strongly two-lobed leaves. Green and yellow flowers are 3.2–3.8 centimeters in diameter when fully open one or two flowers per node. It grows in wet and open sunny or shaded areas at 1200 meters. It was described in 2005 by Shawn E. Krosnick.
 Phacelia (phacelia scorpionweed heliotrope) is a genus of about 200 species of annual or perennial herbaceous plants native to North and South America.The genus is traditionally placed at family rank with the waterleaves (Hydrophyllaceae) in the order Boraginales.
 Agathis endertii is a species of conifer in the Araucariaceae family.It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cycnoches pentadactylon is a species of orchid.
 Gordonia villosa is a species of plant in the Theaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica.
 Olearia erubescens commonly known as Moth Daisy-bush or Pink-tip Daisy-bush is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family. It is a shrub with stiff prickly leaves and white daisy flowers growing up to 2 metres high. The species occurs in South Australia Victoria Tasmania New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory.
 Robynsiophyton vanderystii is a species of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the sub family Faboideae. It is the only member of the genus Robynsiophyton.
 Deutzia ningpoensis is a shrub in the family Hydrangeaceae. The species is endemic to China. It grows to between 1 and 2.5 metres high and produces panicles of white flowers from May to July in its native range.
 Bergia is one of the two genera of plants composing the waterwort family Elatinaceae. These are tropical to subtropical plants and sometimes aquatic in nature.Species include:Bergia ammannioidesBergia aquaticaBergia auriculataBergia capensisBergia decumbensBergia glutinosaBergia henshalliiBergia pedicellarisBergia pentheranaBergia perennisBergia polyanthaBergia pusillaBergia serrataBergia suffruticosaBergia texana
 Hypochaeris stuebelii is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gnidia socotrana is a species of plant in the Thymelaeaceae family. It is endemic to Yemen. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Quercus wislizeni known by the common names Interior Live Oak and Sierra Live Oak is an evergeen oak highly variable and often shrubby found in areas of California in the United States. It also occurs south into northern Baja California in Mexico. It generally occurs in foothills being most abundant in the lower altitudes of the Sierra Nevada but also widespread in the Pacific Coast Ranges and the San Gabriel Mountains.
 Lindmania aurea is a plant species of the genus Lindmania. This species is endemic to Venezuela.
 The genus Platanthera belongs to the subfamily Orchidoideae of the family Orchidaceae and comprises about 100 species of orchids. The members of this genus known as the butterfly orchids were previously included in the genus Orchis which is a close relative (along with the genus Habenaria). They are distributed throughout the temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere. They are terrestrial and have tubercules.
 Lonchocarpus is a plant genus in the legume family (Fabaceae). The species are called lancepods due to their fruit resembling an ornate lance tip or a few beads on a string.Cubé resin is produced from the roots of L. urucu and namely ''L. utilis (cubé). It contains enough of the toxic rotenoids rotenone and deguelin to be used as an insecticide and piscicide. As these are naturally occurring compounds they were formerly used in organic farming.
 Cornus foemina is a species of flowering plant in the Cornaceae known by the common names stiff dogwood and swamp dogwood. It is native to parts of the eastern and southeastern United States.This plant is a large shrub or small tree up to 15 feet tall with trunks up to 4 inches wide. The bark is smooth or furrowed. The oppositely arranged deciduous leaves are oval in shape with smooth edges. The inflorescence is a flat-topped cluster of white flowers.
 Buddleja davidii 'Greenway's River Dart' is a British cultivar raised by Roger Clark of Greenways Garden Devon.
 Didelotia unifoliolata is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found in Cameroon Democratic Republic of the Congo Gabon Ghana possibly Ivory Coast possibly Liberia and possibly Sierra Leone.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Stemonoporus gardneri is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Schefflera diplodactyla is a species of plant in the Araliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Saurauia schultzeorum is a species of plant in the Actinidiaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 'Merv's Rubella' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Neoregelia in the Bromeliad family.
 'Margarita L.' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Aechmea in the Bromeliad family.
 Solanum roseum is a species of plant in the Solanaceae family. It is endemic to Bolivia.
 Helicia nortoniana also named Norton's silky oak is a species of rainforest trees of north–eastern Queensland Australia and constitutes part of the flowering plant family Proteaceae.Botanists know of them growing naturally only (endemic) in the rainforests of the Wet Tropics region from about 0 to 1000 m (0 to 3281 ft) altitude.They have been recorded growing up to about 20 m (66 ft) tall.
 Stapelia flavopurpurea is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family. It is endemic to Namibia. The flowers produced by the plant are quite unusual. They range from a bright yellow to greenish color and smell of beeswax.
 Arctotis is a genus of about 40-50 species of annual and perennial plants in the family Asteraceae native to dry stony slopes in southern Africa. Some of the plants are alternatively placed in the genus Venidium. The common name is African daisy or Gousblom in Afrikaans.
 Ficus destruens is a hemiepiphytic fig that is endemic to the wet tropical rainforests of northeastern Queensland Australia.
 Bulbophyllum leptopus is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 The natural hybrid elm Ulmus × mesocarpa M. Kim & S. Lee is a cross of Ulmus macrocarpa with Japanese Elm Ulmus davidiana var. japonica discovered on Seoraksan (Mount Sorak) near the city of Sokcho on the eastern coast of South Korea. The tree is endemic to the provinces of Gangwon-do Injegun Bukmyeon Yongdaeri and Baekdamsa.
 Citrus unshiu is a seedless and easy-peeling citrus species also known as cold hardy mandarin satsuma mandarin satsuma orange Christmas orange[citation needed] and tangerine. It is probably of Japanese origin and introduced elsewhere.
 Citrullus lanatus is a plant species in the family Cucurbitaceae a vine-like (scrambler and trailer) flowering plant originally from southern Africa. It is cultivated for its fruit; cultivars include watermelons (Citrullus lanatus (Thunb.) var. lanatus) and citron melons (Citrullus lanatus var. citroides (L. H. Bailey) Mansf.). Citrullus lanatus has become naturalized in semi-arid regions of several continents and is designated as a pest plant in parts of Western Australia.
 Anaphalioides is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Melica minor is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Caucasus.
 Zygopetalum (Hook.
 Pheladenia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae. The sole species is Pheladenia deformis.
 Eriotrix is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Elaeocarpus sylvestris the woodland elaeocarpus is a tree species in the genus Elaeocarpus.
 Psittacanthus angustifolius is a species of plant in the Loranthaceae family that can be found in Guatemala Honduras and Mexico.
 Cyperus iria (also known as rice flat sedge and rice flatsedge) is a smooth tufted sedge found worldwide. The roots are yellowish-red and fibrous. The plant often grows in rice paddies where it is considered to be a weed.
 In taxonomy Pirula is a genus of algae specifically of the Ulvophyceae.
 Pentaphylax euryoides (Chinese: 五列木; pinyin: wu lie mu) is a species of flowering plant in the Pentaphylacaceae family that can in be found on Sumatra and in such countries as Malaysia Vietnam and China. In China it is found in such provinces as Guangdong Guangxi Guizhou Hainan Yunnan and in southern parts of Fujian Hunan and Jiangxi.
 'Rusty' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Nidularium in the Bromeliad family.
 Hieracium maculatum the spotted hawkweed is a flowering plant species in the genus Hieracium found in Europe. It has been introduced in North America and is considered a weed in Canada.
 Salvia gesneriflora (sometimes spelled Salvia gesneriiflora) is a herbaceous perennial or subshrub native to mountainous provinces of the Sierra Madre Oriental in Mexico growing at 7500-10000 ft elevation. It was named in honor of 15th century Swiss botanist Conrad Gessner for whom the genus Gesneria and family Gesneriaceae are also named. The long tubular flowers of this salvia resemble Gesneria flowers. It is a popular ornamental plant.
 Inga yasuniana is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family. It is found only in Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 In taxonomy Enallax is a genus of algae specifically of the Scenedesmaceae.
 Ossaea boekei is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Meliosma littlei is a species of plant in the Sabiaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Canna compacta Roscoe is a species of the Canna genus belonging to the family Cannaceae distributed between the south of Brazil and northern Argentina. Introduced to England from South America in 1820. Not to be confused with C. compacta Bouché which is a synonym of C. indica L.It is a perennial growing to 2m. It is hardy to zone 10 and is frost tender. In the north latitudes it is in flower from August to October and the seeds ripen in October.
 Dryopteris carthusiana (Vill.) H.P. Fuchs (syn. D. spinulosa (O.F. Muell.) O. Kuntze) is a species of fern native to damp forests throughout the Holarctic Kingdom. It is known as the Narrow buckler fern in the United Kingdom and as the Spinulose wood fern in North America.
 In taxonomy Halicoryne is a genus of algae specifically of the Polyphysaceae.
 Melaleuca scalena is an Australian shrub.
 Peperomia dauleana is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Xanthophyllum bullatum is a species of plant in the Polygalaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Maytenus manabiensis is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family. It is a tree endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pringleochloa is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 Crataegus dahurica is a species of hawthorn native to northeastern Asia. It is closely related to C. sanguinea.
 Monotoca elliptica known as the Tree Broom Heath is a plant in the heath family found in south-eastern Australia. A long lived species which may grow for more than a hundred years.It is often seen as a shrub of around three metres however exceptional specimens may reach ten metres tall. The habitat is scrub country often near the coast on headlands and on sand dunes.
 Callistemon linearifolius is a shrub or small tree in the family Myrtaceae. It is endemic to the state of New South Wales in Australia.The species grows to about 3 or 4 metres in heightand has leaves which are usually 80 to 100 mm long and 5 to 7 mm wide with pointed tips.
 Helianthemum scoparium is a species of rockrose which is endemic to California. Its common names include peak rockrose and peak rushrose and one variety is known as Bisbee Peak rushrose. This is a small perennial shrub bearing long smooth stems and small flowers each with five bright yellow petals. It is found in dry sandy areas in hills and low mountains.
 Rhus tomentosa (syn. Searsia tometosa (L. f.)) Real Wild Currant(English) Umhlakoti(Zulu) or Korentebos(Afrikaans) is a small bushy evergreen tree that occurs in fynbos and coastal shrub in South Africa. It is naturally most common in forest margins.The sprays of small greenish flowers emit an unpleasant smell that attracts flies. However it is also an attractive shrub and is grown internationally in botanical gardens for its multi-coloured foliage.
 Nomocharis aperta is a flowering plant in the genus Nomocharis found in the border regions between China (Yunnan and Sichuan) and Myanmar (Burma).
 Exacum caeruleum is a species of plant in the Gentianaceae family. It is endemic to Yemen. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 For the species commonly known as large self-heal see Prunella grandiflora.Prunella laciniata (Cut-leaf Self-heal) is a plant in the Lamiaceae family.
 Cyathea albidosquamata is a species of tree fern native to the Maluku Islands and New Guinea where it grows in rain forest and montane forest at an altitude of 1200-1500 m. The trunk is erect and about 2 m tall. Fronds are bi- or tripinnate and 1-1.5 m in length. The lower surface of the rachis is covered in scales and the stipe has scattered scales throughout its length. These are glossy and pale with dull fragile edges.
 Pleioblastus is a genus of monopodial bamboos native to China and Japan. Genetic research indicates that this genus may properly be part of the genus Arundinaria.The plant spreads by vigorous underground rhizomes which run along just beneath the soil surface producing plantlets at the nodes. These can be used to propagate new plants but if not removed they can become invasive.The species P. variegatus (green and cream stripes) and P.
 Ranunculus peltatus (Pond Water-crowfoot) is a plant species in the genus Ranunculus native to Europe southwestern Asia and northern Africa.It is a herbaceous annual or perennial plant generally found in slow streams ponds or lakes. It has two different leaf types broad rounded floating leaves 3–5 cm in diameter with three to seven shallow lobes and finely divided thread-like submerged leaves.
 Kandelia obovata (Traditional Chinese: 水筆仔、秋茄樹) is a species of plant in the Rhizophoraceae family i.e. a kind of mangrove. It is mainly found in Southern China Hong Kong and Taiwan.The florescence period of this species is between May and July. The flowers of it are white and like a star. In Autumn they usually fructify with cone-like fruits and their seeds germinate while still attached to the parent tree.
 Alepidocline is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Lobelia pratioides (Poison Lobelia) is a small prostrate flowering plant native to Australia. The leaves are usually between 6 and 15 mm long. Pale blue or lilac flowers are produced from November to January in the species native range. The rounded fruits are around 5 mm long.The species occurs in damp areas within grasslands and grassy woodland in South Australia Tasmania and Victoria.
 Spatholirion is a genus of climbing or rosette monocotyledonous flowering plants in the dayflower family. It is distributed from China in the north south to Thailand Vietnam and northern Peninsular Malaysia. It has four to eight seeds per carpel unlike the closely related Streptolirion which has only two and white or purple petals. The inflorescence axis of Spatholirion longifolium and all of its branches are a bright purple probably aiding in visual pollinator attraction.
 Salvia verbenaca also known as wild clary or wild sage is native to the British Isles the Mediterranean region in Southern Europe North Africa and Near East and in the Caucasus. It can be found as an introduced species that has naturalized in meadows in the Eastern United States. S. verbenaca is a tall perennial herb with hairy stems and branches that erectly sprawl out. Its leaves are basal and toothed that vary from 3 to 10 cm (1.2 to 3.9 in) long.
 In taxonomy Chaetomorpha also called Chaeto for short is a genus of algae specifically of the Cladophoraceae.
 Acacia ausfeldii commonly known as Ausfeld's Wattle or Whipstick Cinnamon Wattle is a shrub species that is endemic to south-eastern Australia. It grows to between 1 and 4 metres high and has phyllodes that are 2 to 7 cm long and 2 to 6 mm wide.
 Osmunda mildei is a rare fern known only from a few locations in the area of Hong Kong. It is also a rarity in that it appears to be a species of hybrid origin within the Osmundaceae. Its putative parents are Osmunda angustifolia (section Plenasium) and O. japonica (section Osmunda).William Jackson Hooker published a sketch of this species in his Filices Exoticae (completed in 1859) plate 9.
 Cedron (syn. Aruba cedron Kuntze) is a member of the quassia family Simaroubaceae native to Colombia and Central America.
 Condylostylis is a small genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae. Species in this genus were formerly considered to belong to the genus Vigna.
 Maxillaria palmifolia is a species of orchid that ranges from the Caribbean to Guyana.
 Warea carteri common names Carter's pinelandcress and Carter's mustard is an endangered fire-dependent annual herb occurring in xeric shrub-dominated habitats on the Lake Wales Ridge of central Florida.
 Arthromeris mairei is a fern species in the genus Arthromeris.Two afzelechin glycosides arthromerin A (afzelechin-3-O-β-D-xylopyranoside) and arthromerin B (afzelechin-3-O-β-D-glucopyranoside) can be isolated from the roots of A. mairei.
 Neochloris is a genus of algae in the family Chlorococcaceae.
 Allanblackia floribunda known in English as 'tallow tree' is a species of flowering plant in the Clusiaceae family that has been long used in traditional African medicine to treat hypertension.It is a common understory tree in rain-forests in western central Africa - from Sierra Leone to W Cameroons and on into the DR Congo and Uganda. The medium-sized tree (up to 30 meters tall) is evergreen and dioecious (male and female flowers on different plants).
 Echium webbii grows on woody slopes leading up to La caldera on the island of La Palma. The flowers are normally blue and produced in numerous spikes in early summer but a hybrid is sometimes seen with white or pink flowers. The plant is not very tolerant of cold and in the wild is a shrub. It can be grown in gardens in mild areas but requires good drainage.
 Ilex trachyphylla is a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family. It is endemic to Peru.
 Shorea trapezifolia is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 The Brussels sprout is a cultivar in the Gemmifera group of cabbages (Brassica oleracea) grown for its edible buds. The leafy green vegetables are typically 2.5–4 cm (0.98–1.6 in) in diameter and look like miniature cabbages. The Brussels sprout has long been popular in Brussels Belgium and may have originated there.
 Hydnocarpus scortechinii is a species of plant in the Achariaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Braya is a genus in the Brassicaceae family.Braya alpina Sternb. & HoppeBraya fernaldii AbbeBraya forrestii W.W.Sm.Braya glabella RichardsonBraya humilis (C.A. Mey.) B.L. Rob.Braya linearis RouyBraya longii FernaldBraya pilosa Hook.Braya rosea (Turcz.) BungeBraya scharnhorstii Regel & Schmalh.Braya thorild-wulffii Ostenf.
 Shorea hopeifolia (also called Yellow Meranti) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is found in Indonesia Malaysia and the Philippines.
 Festuca rubra subsp. commutata commonly known as Chewings Fescue is a species of grass. It is a perennial plant very common in lawns throughout Europe. The plant features filamentous leaves with the leaf rolled in the shoot. It is a bunchgrass without rhizomes.
 Helicia is a genus of around 100 species of trees and shrubs of the plant family Proteaceae native to New Guinea Malesia southern and eastern Asia and Australia. They grow naturally in rainforests.
 Boscia is a genus of plant in family Capparaceae. It contains the following species:
 Tristiropsis is a genus of about 14 flowering trees species of the plant family Sapindaceae.
 Epidendrum difforme (the Differently Formed Epidendrum) is a species of orchid in the genus Epidendrum. In 1861 Müller classified this species in the subsection Umbellata of the section Planifolia of subgenus Euepidendrum Lindl. of the genus Epidendrum.The diploid chromosome number of E. difforme has been determined both as 2n = 40 and as 2n = 39.
 Senecio lyonii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name island senecio. This island endemic is known only from Guadalupe Island off the coast of Baja California and two of the Channel Islands of California Catalina and San Clemente Islands. It grows in the coastal sage scrub and chaparral of the islands' hills and canyons. It is a shrub or subshrub growing from a woody taproot and reaching top heights well over one meter.
 Calomnion milleri is a species of moss known only from Lord Howe Island in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand. It grows on the aerial adventitious roots of tree-ferns at elevations of 450–875 m.Calomnion milleri is a small dioecious yellow-green plant rarely more than 10 mm tall. It has two types of leaves both subulate (with a long narrow tip). Setae are 0.8-1.0 mm long; cylindrical capsules 1.2-1.4 mm long.
 Paphiopedilum delenatii described in 1924 is named after Delanat a French orchid enthusiast of the 1900s. It was first discovered in 1913 when it was brought to France by returning soldiers and was believed to be extinct and was not rediscovered in the wild until 1993. In the wild blooming is in December but in cultivation the plants generally bloom later from January to March (July to September in the southern hemisphere). The flowers are fragrant.
 Dendrobium unicum is a species of orchid commonly known as the Unique Dendrobium. It was first described by Seidenfadden in 1970. It requires a cool climate with a temperature of 40°F min. to 95°F max.
 Racinaea pseudotetrantha is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lomatium congdonii known by the common names Mariposa desertparsley and Congdon's lomatium is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family .
 Oxytheca is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with seven species found in dry and temperate parts of the Americas. The taxonomy of this genus is in flux with some species often listed under tentative new names.Species include:Oxytheca dendroideaOxytheca parishii = Acanthoscyphus parishiiOxytheca perfoliataOxytheca watsonii
 Myristica polyantha is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 Caesalpinia echinata is a species of Brazilian timber tree in the pea family Fabaceae. Common names include Brazilwood Pau-Brasil Pau de Pernambuco Pernambuco tree Nicaragua wood and Ibirapitanga (Tupi). This plant has a dense orange-red heartwood that takes a high shine and it is the premier wood used for making bows for stringed instruments. The wood also yields a red dye called brazilin which oxidizes to brazilein.
 Paspalum distichum is a species of grass known by the common name knotgrass. Other common names include couch paspalum eternity grass gingergrass and Thompson grass. Its native range is obscure because it has long been present on most continents and in most areas it is certainly an introduced species. Its native range probably includes parts of the tropical Americas. This is a perennial grass forming clumps and spreading via rhizomes and stolons.
 Tamarind (Tamarindus indica) (from Arabic: تمر هندی‎ romanized tamar hindi Indian date) is a leguminous tree in the family Fabaceae indigenous to tropical Africa. The genus Tamarindus is a monotypic taxon having only a single species.The tamarind tree produces edible pod-like fruit which are used extensively in cuisines around the world. Other uses include traditional medicine and metal polish. The wood can be used in carpentry.
 Ixora raiateensis is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Raiatea in French Polynesia hence its name.
 Epidendrum coronatum is a reed-stemmed epiehytic Epidendrum orchid that grows wild in the Neotropics at medium to low altitudes.
 Vriesea debilis is a species of the genus Vriesea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Acanthocephalus is a genus of the botanical family Asteraceae.
 Banksia wonganensis is a large shrub endemic to Western Australia that until 2007 was previously known as Dryandra wonganensis. It occurs within a small area in the vicinity of Wongan Hills. It grows on lateritic soils in open woodland or amongst dense shrub. It is rare but does not appear to be endangered.
 Yellow crookneck squash is one of the many cultivars of Cucurbita pepo the species that also includes some pumpkins and most other summer squashes. The plants are bushy and do not spread like the plants of winter squash and pumpkin. It is most often used as a summer squash and is characterized by its bumpy yellow skin and sweet yellow flesh as well as its distinctive curved stem-end or crooked neck.
 Abacá (/ɑːbəˈkɑː/ ah-bə-KAH; from Spanish: abacá [aβaˈka]) binomial name Musa textilis is a species of banana native to the Philippines grown as a commercial crop in the Philippines Ecuador and Costa Rica. The plant is of great economic importance being harvested for its fiber once generally called Manila hemp extracted from the trunk or pseudostem. On average the plant grows about 12 feet (4 meters) tall.
 Perennial honesty (Lunaria rediviva) is a hairy-stemmed perennial herb found throughout Europe. It often grows in damp woods on lime substrates. It grows up to a meter tall and has large pointed oval leaves with marked serrations. It is one of two Lunaria species. The other is annual honesty (Lunaria annua).
 Citrus depressa (Citrus × depressa formerly C. pectinifera Okinawan シークヮーサー or シークァーサー shiikwaasaa Japanese ヒラミレモン hirami remon) in English sometimes called Taiwan tangerine flat lemon hirami lemon or thin-skinned flat lemon is a small green citrus fruit rich in flavonoids and native to Taiwan and Okinawa Japan.
 Triniteurybia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae. The sole species is Triniteurybia aberrans. T. aberrans is native to mountains of Idaho and Montana
 Cymopterus davisii is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Davis' springparsley. This small flat taprooted perennial is endemic to Idaho in the United States where it occurs in the Albion Mountains. The plant is found in the Albion Division of the Minidoka Ranger District of Sawtooth National Forest. It reaches approximately 7 in (18 cm) in height with a short stem that is sheathed by fibrous leaf bases.
 Psilotaceae is a family of fern-like plants (in order Psilotales) consisting of two genera Psilotum and Tmesipteris. The two genera are very different and in the past Tmesipteris has been placed in its own family Tmesipteridaceae but most classifications continue to place it in Psilotaceae.
 Salvia aristata is a perennial root stout woody plant found in Iran and Turkey.
 Elaeodendron transvaalensis (Burtt Davy) R.H.Archer (Bushveld Saffron Afrikaans: Bosveld-saffraan Lepelhout or Oupitjie Tsonga: Monomane Venda: Mulumanamana Zulu: Ingwavuma) is a protected tree in South Africa. It also occurs in other Southern African countries like Angola Namibia Botswana Zambia Zimbabwe Swaziland and Mozambique.
 A plant in the Myrtaceae family Eugenia brachythrix is threatened due to habitat loss. It is endemic to Jamaica and is found at the headwaters of the Mabess River. It is also found on occasion in Grand Ridge.
 Polyctenium fremontii the desert combleaf is named both in English and Greek for its deeply lobed leaves which almost appear to be pinnately compound. It takes the other portion of its scientific name from John C. Frémont. It is a small and compact plant native to the western United States. Leaves have forked hairs and the distal end of the leaf often has a single hair at the very tip.
 Premna tanganyikensis is a species of plant in the Verbenaceae family. It is found in Mozambique and Tanzania.
 Dipodium parviflorum is an orchid species that is native to Peninsular Malaysia and Sumatra in Indonesia. The species was formally described in 1911 by Dutch botanist Johannes Jacobus Smith.In Peninsular Malaysia it has only been recorded in the Sungkap Forest Reserve in Kedah.
 Anthurium punctatum is a species of plant in the Araceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Naucleopsis chiguila is a species of plant in the Moraceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Bulbophyllum epiphytum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Podocoma is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae.
 Garcia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae and of the monotypic subtribe Garciinae. It is found from Mexico to Colombia.
 Neea darienensis is a species of plant in the Nyctaginaceae family. It is endemic to Panama. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Rumex orthoneurus is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common names Chiricahua dock and Blumer's dock. It is native to western North America where it can be found in Arizona New Mexico and Sonora.This large rhizomatous perennial herb may reach one to two meters in height. The semi-succulent basal leaves may be up to 45 centimeters long. One distinguishing characteristic is the veining on the leaves with secondary veins extending perpendicular to the midvein.
 Saurauia microphylla is a species of plant in the Actinidiaceae family. It is endemic to Indonesia.
 The genus Pholisma (Nutt. ex Hook.) consists of three to five species of desert-dwelling primarily subterranean plants. Most notable of the genus is Pholisma sonorae native to the Southwestern United States and Mexico. The species is without chlorophyll and lives as a parasite on the roots of a number of desert species. Pholisma belongs to the family Boraginaceae. Other species include Pholisma arenarium the desert Christmas tree.
 Clematis occidentalis is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common name western blue virginsbower. It is native to much of southern Canada and the northern United States. There are three varieties: var. occidentalis is limited to the eastern half of the species' range var. grosseserrata to the western half and var. dissecta is endemic to Washington. The plant varies somewhat in appearance. Generally they produce vines and climb on surfaces.
 Pogogyne zizyphoroides (orth. var. P. ziziphoroides) is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Sacramento mesa mint. It is native to central California and Oregon where it grows in vernal pools and similar habitat. It is an aromatic annual herb growing erect its sturdy stem topped with a rounded headlike inflorescence or interrupted series of two or more clusters. Some flowers also emerge at the leaf axils.
 'Fost-Far' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Neoregelia in the Bromeliad family.
 Coelogyne trinervis is a species of orchid.16x Media related to Coelogyne trinervis at Wikimedia Commons
 Cirsium perplexans is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Rocky Mountain thistle and Adobe Hills thistle. It is endemic to Colorado in the United States where it occurs in the Colorado and Gunnison River Valleys in the Rocky Mountains.This species is a biennial herb growing up to one meter tall from a taproot. The stems are coated thinly in webby fibers. The leaves are up to 30 centimeters long by 6 wide.
 Valeriana secunda is a species of plant in the Valerianaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Neraudia melastomifolia known as Maʻaloa in Hawaiian is a species of flowering plant in the nettle family Urticaceae that is endemic to Hawaii. It is a shrub or small tree reaching a height of up to 5 m (16 ft). N. melastomifolia inhabits coastal mesic mixed mesic and wet forests at elevations of 270–1160 m (890–3810 ft) on Kauaʻi Oʻahu Molokaʻi and Maui. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Rheum rhaponticum the false rhubarb rhapontic rhubarb or rhapontic is a plant species found in the wild in the genus Rheum.Hyperoside the 3-O-galactoside of quercetin can be found in R. rhaponticum where it serves as a UV blocker found in the bracts. It also contains the hydroxystilbenes rhaponticin and desoxyrhaponticin.
 Syagrus ruschiana is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.It is found only in Brazil.
 Isolona deightonii is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is found in Ghana and Sierra Leone. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Rhododendron coriaceum (革叶杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to southeast Xizang and northwest Yunnan China where it grows at altitudes of 2900–3400 meters. It is a shrub or small tree that grows to 3–10 m in height with leathery leaves that are obovate-elliptic to oblanceolate 9–19 by 4–8 cm in size. Flowers are predominantly white.
 Bulbophyllum comberi is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum. The species was named for the orchidologist James Comber.
 Brachyotum incrassatum is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Paulownia elongata is a tree species in the Paulowniaceae family native to Asia. The plant's leaves are very large and pubescent ('fuzzy—hairy'). This species can withstand a very wide range of environmental conditions. It does not grow at higher altitudes however.
 Glochidion raivavense is a species of plant in the Phyllanthaceae family. It is endemic to French Polynesia.
 Oxanthera fragrans is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family. It is endemic to New Caledonia.
 Labordia helleri (Heller's labordia Nā Pali coast labordia) is a rare species of flowering plant in the Loganiaceae family. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is found only on Kauai. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States. Like other Labordia species this plant is known as Kamakahala.This species was once found throughout Kauai but today there are only 10 populations totalling no more than 550 plants.
 Ligularia sibirica is the type species for the genus Ligularia. It is a 0.3-1.3 m tall perennial herbaceous plant native to fens and damp grassy meadows in Siberia Central and Eastern Europe. Once fairly common it has disappeared from many places in Europe owing to drainage of wetlands and competition from other plants invading its natural habitats; when growing in shade plants do not flower or set seed very well and seed germination is greatly reduced.
 Brownea is a genus of about 30 species in the family Fabaceae subfamily Caesalpinioideae. The genus is native to tropical regions of the Americas. The species are shrubs and trees growing to 20 m tall.SpeciesBrownea angustiflora Little Brownea ariza Benth. Brownea birschellii Hook. f.Brownea bolivarensis Pittier Brownea cauliflora Poepp. & Endl. Brownea coccinea Jacq.Brownea crawfordii W. Watson Brownea disepala Little Brownea enricii Quinones Brownea excelsa (Pittier) J.F. Macbr.
 Lagerstroemia anisoptera is a species of plant in the Lythraceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Vitex rotundifolia (beach vitex) is a species of Vitex that is native to seashores throughout the Pacific. Its range includes continents and islands stretching from India east to Hawaii and from Korea south to Australia. This woody perennial plant typically grows approximately 1 m in height. It has a sprawling growth habit and produces runners that root regularly at nodes. This rooting pattern allows the plant to spread rapidly. At maturity V.
 Amsinckia lunaris is an uncommon species of fiddleneck known by the common name bentflower fiddleneck. It is endemic to California where it grows in the San Francisco Bay Area the woods of the coastal and inland mountains just north and the Central Valley and its San Joaquin Valley. Amsinckia lunaris is a bristly annual herb with coiled inflorescences of tubular orange flowers similar to those of other fiddlenecks except for the characteristic bend in the flower tube.
 The Propeller Banksia (Banksia candolleana) is a species of shrub in the plant genus Banksia. It occurs in sandplain country north of Gingin Western Australia.
 Amaranthus hypochondriacus is an ornamental plant commonly known as Prince-of-Wales feather or prince's feather. Originally endemic to Mexico it is called quelite blero and quintonil in Spanish.In Africa like many other species in the family Amaranthaceae it is valued as source of food.In temperate regions it is cultivated as a half-hardy annual.
 Syzygium minus is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Fiji.
 Myristica kalkmanii is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Zamia purpurea is a species of plant in the Zamiaceae family. It is endemic to Mexico. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Osmundites is an extinct genus of the familia Osmundaceae. Vascularized seedless plants (ferns) and reproduction by spores. They leaf type fronds. They lived in locals humid and swampy.
 Viguiera sodiroi is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It is found only in Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Melica mollis is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Chile where it grows on rock clevices at the elevation of 340 metres (1120 ft).
 Colchicum macrophyllum has large funnel-shaped flowers in the fall with much tessellation throughout the bloom. The colour is rosy-purple and white. The leaves that it produces in the spring are large up to 16 (40cm) long among the largest of all colchicum species.This plant is native to the area around the Aegean Sea (Turkey and Greece including Crete).
 Ficus faulkneriana is a species of plant in the Moraceae family. It is found in Kenya and Tanzania. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Fringed-lipped Dendrobium (Dendrobium fimbriatum) is a species of orchid.
 Pinguicula ramosa is a species of butterwort a carnivorous plant endemic to the mountains of Nikkō National Park in Japan. It belongs to the section micranthus and is closely related to Pinguicula variegata. It is unique in the genus for having a forked flower stalk.
 Dunstervillea is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Passiflora kermesina ('kermesina'=crimson) (syn. Passiflora raddiana DC.) is a native plant of Brazil which is found in the wild in Caatinga and Cerrado vegetation. It is cultivated as a vining ornamental plant.
 Terminalia carpentariae (Wild Peach) is a shrub or tree in the family Combretaceae. The species is native to northern Australia occurring on sandy soils and coastal dunes. The edible fruits are harvested in the wild. The species was formally described in 1950 by botanist Cyril Tenison White. The type specimen was collected in the Crocodile Islands in the Northern Territory.
 Valiha is a bamboo genus in the tribe Bambuseae found in Madagascar.
 Phyllostachys rubromarginata the red margin bamboo is a species of Phyllostachys Bamboo native to Central China specifically Guangxi and Guizhou.
 Heliamphora tatei (after George Henry Hamilton Tate) is a species of marsh pitcher plant endemic to Cerro Duida Cerro Huachamacari and Cerro Marahuaca in Venezuela. It is closely related to H. macdonaldae H. neblinae and H. parva and all three have in the past been considered forms or varieties of H. tatei. Like H. tatei these species are noted for their stem-forming growth habit.Putative natural hybrids between H. macdonaldae and H.
 Vestia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Solanaceae containing the single species Vestia foetida (syn. V. lycioides). Its common name is Chilean box thorn. It is native to Chile. Growing to 2 m (7 ft) tall by 1.5 m (5 ft) broad it is an evergreen shrub with glossy green leaves.
 Buddleja corrugata is a species endemic to north-western Mexico including the Baja California Sur growing on limestone at altitudes of 200–1900 m; it was first described and named by Jones in 1933.
 Laserpitium latifolium common name broad-leaved sermountain is an herbaceous perennial plant in the genus Laserpitium belonging to the family Apiaceae.
 Eugenia sachetae is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica.
 Ceradenia semiadnata is a species of fern in the Polypodiaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Trigonopleura is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae comprising 3 species of trees all found in Malesia.
 Chionochloa antarctica is a species of grass.
 Metrosideros kermadecensis commonly called the Kermadec pōhutukawa is an evergreen tree of the myrtle family which is endemic to the volcanic Kermadec Islands about 900 km north-east of New Zealand. The tree produces a brilliant display of red flowers made up of a mass of stamens and is the dominant forest tree on Raoul Island growing to 15 m or more. The trunk is up to 1 m or more in diameter.
 Jugumella is a genus of extinct plants of the Late Silurian (Přídolí around 430 to 420 million years ago). Fossils were found in Khazakstan. Jugumella was possibly a zosterophyll.
 'Chateau' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Neoregelia in the Bromeliad family.
 Callicarpa formosana is a species of beautyberry. It is cultivated as an ornamental plant. The drupes resembling tiny clusters of berries are light-purple. The flowers are white. The tree is sometimes used to make herbal medicine. This species ranges from Taiwan to southern Japan.
 Ficus trichopoda (Swamp fig Afrikaans: Moerasvy Zulu: Umvubu) is a protected tree in South Africa.
 Noiret is a hybrid grape variety for use in red wine production. It was developed and named by Cornell University researchers working at the New York State Agricultural Experiment Station and was officially released on July 7 2006.
 Hohenbergia catingae is a species of the genus Hohenbergia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Fosterella heterophylla is a species of the genus Fosterella. This species is endemic to Bolivia.
 Euphorbia horombensis is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is rocky areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Prunus marsupialis is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family. It is found in the Philippines and Taiwan.
 Puya ctenorhyncha is a species of the genus Puya. This species is endemic to Bolivia.
 Clusia osseocarpa is a species of flowering plant in the Clusiaceae family.It is found in Colombia and Panama.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The citron is a fragrant citrus fruit botanically classified as Citrus medica by both the Swingle and Tanaka systems. The designation medica given it by Linnaeus apparently is derived from its ancient name Median or Persian apple that was reported by Theophrastus who believed it to be native to Persia or the land of the Medes; there is no relation to medicinal uses of the fruit.
 Bulbophyllum sanguineum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Oxalis corniculata the creeping woodsorrel also called procumbent yellow-sorrel or sleeping beauty resembles the common yellow woodsorrel Oxalis stricta. It is a somewhat delicate-appearing low-growing herbaceous plant in the family Oxalidaceae. It has a narrow creeping stem that readily roots at the nodes. The trifoliate leaves are subdivided into three rounded leaflets and resemble a clover in shape. Some varieties have green leaves while others like Oxalis corniculata var.
 Bulbophyllum murkelense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Madhuca korthalsii is a plant in the Sapotaceae family. It grows as a tree up to 35 metres (115 ft) tall with a trunk diameter of up to 50 centimetres (20 in). The bark is brown. Inflorescences bear up to five white flowers. The tree is named for the Dutch botanist P. W. Korthals. Habitat is lowland mixed dipterocarp forest from sea-level to 600 metres (2000 ft) altitude. M. korthalsii is found in Sumatra Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.
 Knema malayana is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family. It is found in Malaysia Singapore and Thailand.
 Xylopia grandiflora is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is native to Cerrado vegetation in Brazil.
 Trifolium incarnatum known as crimson clover or Italian clover is a species of clover in the family Fabaceae native to most of Europe. The species name incarnatum means blood red.This upright annual herb grows to 20-50 cm tall unbranched or branched only at the base. The leaves are trifoliate with a long petiole each leaflet hairy 8-16 mm across with a truncated or bilobed apex.
 Utricularia sect. Enskide is a section in the genus Utricularia. The two species in this section are small to medium sized terrestrial carnivorous plants native to Australia and New Guinea. Constantine Samuel Rafinesque originally described and published this section as a separate genus in his 1838 taxonomic treatment. Peter Taylor refined the section and placed it within subgenus Utricularia in his 1986 monograph of the genus.
 Anubias barteri var. angustifolia was first described by Adolf Engler in 1915 as A. lanceolata f. angustifolia. The species obtained varietal status within A. barteri in 1979.
 Aloe peglerae Schönland (Fez aloe) is a small stemless South African aloe 300–400 mm in diameter and 300–400 mm in height. The glaucous leaves are strongly incurved to form a compact spherical rosette. Inflorescence can be observed in July and August and usually consists of a single cylindrical spike 300–400 mm tall occasionally forked.
 Prunus serotina commonly called black cherry wild black cherry rum cherry or mountain black cherry is a woody plant species belonging to the genus Prunus.
 Melanophylla perrieri is a species of plant in the Melanophyllaceae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bidens mauiensis common names Maui beggarticks and ko`oko`olau is a herb in the family Asteraceae.
 Scutellaria nana is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name dwarf skullcap or dwarf scullcap. It is native to the western United States especially in and around the Great Basin. It grows in plateau scrub often on volcanic soils. It is a small perennial herb producing one or more erect stems up to about 20 centimeters tall from a rhizome. It is coated in tiny flat hairs which sometimes have resin glands.
 Dalbergia neoperrieri is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.It is found only in Madagascar.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Heteranthoecia is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.
 The Dancing Bulbophyllum (Bulbophyllum saltatorium) is a species of orchid.
 Mkilua is a genus of plant in family Annonaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Mkilua fragrans Verdc.
 Rockinghamia is a plant genus of the spurge family (Euphorbiaceae). It comprises 2 species.
 Bidens alba which belongs to the family Asteraceae is most commonly known as shepherd's needles beggarticks Spanish needles or butterfly needles. Bidens means two- toothed describing the two projections found at the top of the seeds and alba refers to the white ray florets. This plant is found in tropical and subtropical regions of North America Asia South America and Africa situated in gardens road sides farm fields and disturbed sites. B.
 Bulbophyllum recurvilabre is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Siparuna multiflora is a species of plant in the Siparunaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Baga is a red Portuguese wine grape variety planted primarily in the Bairrada DOC. As a varietal Baga produces tannic wines with high acidity.
 Prunus tenella Batsch Dwarf Russian Almond is a species of deciduous shrubs in the genus Prunus native to steppes of Eastern Europe and Western Siberia as well as dry open sites of Caucasus Western and Central Asia. In the wild it tends to grow in clusters of one to three. P. tenella yields small almond-like hairy fruits with characteristic flavor.
 Oonopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family Asteraceae. Species include:Oonopsis engelmanniiOonopsis foliosaOonopsis multicaulisOonopsis wardii↑ ↑ ↑ ↑
 Sanicula bipinnatifida is a species of flowering plant in the parsley family known by the common names purple sanicle purple blacksnakeroot and shoe buttons. It is native to the west coast of North America from British Columbia to Baja California where it can be found in many types of habitat including grassland woodlands and mountain slopes of serpentine soils. It is a perennial herb growing to a maximum height near 60 centimeters from a taproot.
 Pitcairnia wendtiae is a species of the genus Pitcairnia. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Bulbophyllum hapalanthos is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Isoetes tegetiformans commonly known as mat-forming quillwort or mat-forming Merlin's grass is an aquatic pteridophyte endemic to the U.S. State of Georgia. It grows exclusively in shallow temporary pools on granite outcrops often with only 2 cm of soil. Only 7 populations are known to exist and three of these have been destroyed since the plant's discovery in 1976.
 Dyckia bracteata is a species of the genus Dyckia. This species is native to Brazil.
 Bulbophyllum ellipticifolium is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Oplismenus compositus (commonly known as Running Mountain Grass) is a species of perennial plant from Poaceae family that can be found throughout Asia (Pakistan China) Africa Australia South America Mexico and Hawaii.
 Excoecaria cochinchinensis (Chinese croton Blindness tree Buta Buta Jungle Fire plant) is a species of plant in the genus Excoecaria which is a member of the family Euphorbiaceae. It is native to Southeast Asia and China. It is a subtropical evergreen shrub with a woody stem growing up to 1–2 meters (3.3–6.6 ft) high. Its leaves are opposite their texture shiny and papery the upper surface dark green or variegated and the underside a deep maroon.
 Bulbophyllum gracile is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Aglaia rimosa is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family. It is found in Indonesia Papua New Guinea the Philippines and Taiwan.
 Eucalyptus aggregata commonly known as black gum is a species of Eucalyptus endemic to southeastern Australia. A medium-sized tree with dark bark and white flowers over the summer and autumn it is a component of grassy woodland often in low-lying or swampy areas. Much of its natural habitat has been cleared and it is under threat.
 Ipomoea amnicola is a morning glory species. It is commonly called Red-center Morning Glory.
 Synanthes is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Rumohra adiantiformis commonly called leatherleaf fern leathery shieldfern iron fern 7-weeks-fern and climbing shield fern is a species of fern in the family Elaphoglossaceae.The fronds of R. adiantiformis contain round sori (reproductive clusters) on the underside of the pinnae (leaflets) unlike many other ferns which have separate specialized reproductive fronds. Many of the sori have peltate indusia and have prominent scales on the stipes of the fronds.
 Aegopodium Native to Europe and western Asia. It is a genus of flowering plants of the carrot family Apiaceae represented by about seven species all are perennial herbs. Flowers are compounded umbels appearing in spring-summer. Fruit consists of two-winged or ribbed nuts that separate on ripening.The most well-known member is the Aegopodium podagraria the ground elder also known as snow-on-the-mountain Bishop's weed goutweed native to Europe and Asia.
 Hypnaceae is a large family of moss with broad worldwide occurrence in the class Bryopsida subclass Bryidae and order Hypnales. Genera include Hypnum and Ptilium.
 Cordia africana is a species of flowering tree in the borage family Boraginaceae that is native to Africa. It is sometimes called Cordia Abyssinia which implies that it may have first been identified from examples growing there.
 Drosera anglica commonly known as the English sundew or Great sundew is a carnivorous plant species belonging to the sundew genus. It is a temperate species with a generally circumboreal range although it does occur as far south as Japan southern Europe and the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaiʻi where it grows as a subtropical sundew. It is thought to originate from an amphidiploid hybrid of D. rotundifolia and D.
 Clitoria mariana (known by the common names Butterfly Pea or Atlantic Pigeon Wings) is a perennial forb native to the eastern and southwestern United States and Asia which produces purple flowers in summer.
 The Striped Hibiscus Hibiscus striatus is a plant in the Malvaceae (mallow) family. Its flowers are 5 inches across some of the largest flowers of any mallow plant.
 Muhlenbergia porteri is a species of grass known by the common name Bush muhly. It is native to North America where it can be found throughout the Southwestern United States California desert and parts of Mexico. It grows in rocky shrubby habitat. Muhlenbergia porteri' is a perennial bunchgrass producing wiry knotted stems up to about 80 centimeters tall. The inflorescence is an open array of spreading thread-thin branches bearing small awned spikelets.
 Blakea pichinchensis is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Aechmea emmerichiae is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Euphorbia analalavensis is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and rocky areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sinopteris grevilleoides is a species of fern in the Pteridaceae family. It is endemic to China. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Fernseea itatiaiae is a species of the genus Fernseea. This species is endemic to Brazil.
 Montia linearis is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name narrowleaf miner's lettuce. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California to Utah where it grows in moist to wet areas in a number of habitat types including forests and meadows woodlands and grassland. The plant is also known from some areas of the southeastern United States including Mississippi.
 Lupinus saxosus is a species of lupine known by the common name rock lupine. It is native to the Pacific Northwest and Great Basin of the United States where it grows in sagebrush and other habitat. This is a perennial herb growing erect 20 to 30 centimeters tall. Each palmate leaf is made up of 7 to 13 hairy leaflets 1 to 4 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a dense raceme of many flowers sometimes arranged in whorls.
 Pleiospermium longisepalum is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia.
 The almond (Prunus dulcis syn. Prunus amygdalus Amygdalus communis Amygdalus dulcis) (or badam in Indian English from Persian: بادام‎) is a species of tree native to the Middle East and South Asia. Almond is also the name of the edible and widely cultivated seed of this tree.
 'Banta' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Neoregelia in the Bromeliad family.
 Dorstenia urceolata is a species of herb in the Moraceae plant family which is native to eastern Brazil.
 Antirhea portoricensis is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Puerto Rico.
 Erigeron maniopotamicus is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Mad River fleabane. It is endemic to northern California where it is known from six occurrences in three disjunct locations in Humboldt and Trinity Counties. It grows in open areas in forest woodland and meadow habitat along the path of the Mad River generally in barren areas without much plant cover.
 Bassia is a genus of flowering plants in the amaranth family Amaranthaceae. They are distributed in the western Mediterranean to eastern Asia. Some occur outside their native ranges as introduced species.
 Abarema alexandri is a species of legume of the genus Abarema in the Fabaceae family.
 Diospyros lunduensis is a tree in the Ebenaceae family. It grows up to 25 metres (80 ft) tall. The fruits are round up to 2 cm (1 in) in diameter. The tree is named for Lundu in Malaysia's Sarawak state. D. lunduensis is endemic to Borneo.
 Xylosma terrae-reginae is a rainforest tree of eastern Australia. The habitat is in sea side or relatively dry rainforest areas mostly on private property. Found as far south as Ballina New South Wales to as far north as near Maryborough Queensland. It is listed as endangered by extinction. As this is a relatively unknown plant it has no common name as such apart from the generic name Xylosma.The generic name refers to a woody smell of the related Xylosma orbiculatum.
 Bulbophyllum smitinandii is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Eryngium pinnatifidum (Blue Devils) is a plant species in the family Apiaceae which is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It grows up to 50 cm in height and produces blue or white flowers between August and November (late winter to late spring) in its native range. It is also commonly seen in VictoriaThe species was first formally described by botanist Alexander von Bunge his description published in 1845 in Plantae Preissianae.
 Chello Multicanal (formerly Multicanal) is a Madrid Spain-based television company owned by Chellomedia (AMC Networks).They operate channels under 17 brands in Spain and Portugal 6 in HD.
 Psiadia schweinfurthii is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.It was found only in Yemen.
 Sorbus intermedia (Swedish Whitebeam) is a species of whitebeam in southern Sweden with scattered occurrences in easternmost Denmark (Bornholm) the far southwest of Finland) the Baltic States and northern Poland.It is a medium-sized deciduous tree growing to 10–20 m tall with a stout trunk usually up to 60 cm but sometimes as much as 2-3 m diameter[citation needed] and grey bark; the crown is dome-shaped with stout horizontal branches.
 Robinia pseudoacacia commonly known as the black locust is a tree of the genus Robinia in the subfamily Faboideae of the pea family Fabaceae. It is native to the southeastern United States but has been widely planted and naturalized elsewhere in temperate North America Europe Southern Africa and Asia and is considered an invasive species in some areas. A less frequently used common name is false Acacia which is a literal translation of the specific epithet.
 Serruria is a genus of flowering plants in the family Proteaceae endemic to South Africa.
 For information on insurance guaranteeing payment of the mortgage in the event of death or disability see mortgage life insurance.Mortgage Insurance (also known as mortgage guarantee and home-loan insurance) is an insurance policy which compensates lenders or investors for losses due to the default of a mortgage loan. Mortgage insurance can be either public or private depending upon the insurer. The policy is also known as a mortgage indemnity guarantee (MIG) particularly in the UK.
 Canarium asperum is a species of plant in the Burseraceae family. It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Papua New Guinea the Philippines and the Solomon Islands.
 Plectocephalus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Lasiochlamys hurlimannii is a species of plant in the Salicaceae family. It is endemic to New Caledonia.
 Salvia indica is a species of herbaceous perennial plant belonging to the family Lamiaceae. It is native to a wide region of Western Asia that includes Israel Iraq Iran and Turkey. It was first described by the taxonomist Carl Linnaeus in 1753. It is unknown why he gave it the specific epithet indica since the plant is not from India. While Salvia indica is classified as a herbaceous perennial in cultivation individual plants often live no longer than two years.
 Begonia peltatifolia is a species of plant in the Begoniaceae family. It is endemic to China.
 Archidendron lucidum is a tree species in the legume family (Fabaceae). It is used in treatments for cancer and inflammatory diseases in Taiwan.
 Diascia is a genus of around 70 species of herbaceous annual and perennial flowering plants of the family Scrophulariaceae native to southern Africa including South Africa Lesotho and neighbouring areas.The perennial species are found mainly in summer-rainfall areas such as the KwaZulu-Natal Drakensberg; about 50 species mostly annuals are found in the Western Cape and Namaqualand winter rainfall areas.Their common name is twinspur in reference to the two (usually downward-pointing) spurs to be found on the back of the flower. 
 Asclepias viridiflora called the green milkweed is a widely distributed species of milkweed known from much of the eastern and central United States from Connecticut to Georgia to Arizona to Montana as well as southern Canada.Asclepias viridiflora is an erect to ascending herb up to 50 cm tall with distinctive greenish-white flowers. The pods lack the warts and tubercules common on other species of Asclepias.
 Triumfetta is a genus of plants in the family Malvaceae.There are about 70 species which are widespread across tropical regions.
 The Key lime (Citrus × aurantiifolia) is a citrus species with a globose fruit 2.5–5 cm in diameter (1–2 in) that is yellow when ripe but usually picked green commercially. It is smaller and seedier with a higher acidity a stronger aroma and a thinner rind than that of the Persian lime (Citrus × latifolia). It is valued for its unique flavor compared to other limes with the Key lime usually having a more tart and bitter flavor.
 Lupinus tidestromii Tidestrom's lupine is a rare species of lupine known by the common names clover lupine and Tidestrøm's lupine. It is endemic to the coastline of California just to the north and south of the Golden Gate in Sonoma Marin and Monterey Counties. It is a plant of the sand dunes at separate beach locations in these counties. A very limited amount of this plant's habitat remains; it is a federally listed endangered species.
 Mangifera magnifica is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family. It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia and Singapore.
 Luzula nivalis commonly known as arctic wood-rush or less commonly as snowy wood-rush (both names are used with or without hyphenation) is a species of perennial rushes endemic to Canada Greenland and Alaska. It was described by Polunin (1940) as one of the most abundant ubiquitous and ecologically important of all arctic plants.
 Coreopsis rosea is a plant species of the genus Coreopsis in Asteraceae. Coreopsis species are commonly called tickseeds. It is native to eastern North America in a number of Atlantic states and Nova Scotia Canada. It grows in wet areas such as marsh edges. Unlike most Coreopsis species the ray florets are pink to white (instead of yellow). The only other Coreopsis species with pink rays is C. nudata; C.
 Hibiscus lasiocarpos (also H. lasiocarpus) is a species of hibiscus known by the common name hairy-fruited hibiscus. It is also one of several hibiscus called rosemallow. It is native to much of the southeastern United States as well as parts of California and northern Mexico. It is a large bushy perennial herb with sprawling stems reaching one to two meters long. The leaves are heart-shaped toothed and pointed and generally between 6 and 10 centimeters long.
 Corvina is an Italian wine grape variety that is sometimes also referred to as Corvina Veronese or Cruina or it is mainly known in Europe asCassabria. It is mainly grown in the Veneto region of northeast Italy. Corvina is used with several other grapes to create the light red regional wines Bardolino and Valpolicella that have a mild fruity flavor with hints of almond. These blends include Rondinella Molinara (and Rossignola for the latter wine).
 Ranunculus flammula (lesser spearwort or banewort) is a species of perennial herbaceous plants in the genus Ranunculus (buttercup) growing in damp places throughout the Boreal Kingdom. It flowers June/July. Ranunculus flammula is poisonous.It is very closely related to R. reptans which is distinguished by prostrate and more slender stems narrower leaves and smaller flowers and is sometimes included within R. flammula sensu lato as a variety (R. flammula var. reptans (L.) E. Meyer).
 Zamia urep is a species of plant in the Zamiaceae family. It is endemic to Peru. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gardenia candida is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is endemic to Fiji.
 Bulbophyllum laciniatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 'Tisn't' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Tillandsia in the Bromeliad family.
 Geranium carolinianum is a species of geranium known by the common name Carolina cranesbill or Carolina geranium. It is native to North America where it is widespread and grows in many types of habitat. This is an annual herb reaching just over half a meter in maximum height. It has erect stems covered in spiky hairs. The palmate leaves are several centimeters wide and divided into usually five segments which are each subdivided into elegantly pointed lobes.
 Lepanthes excedens is a species of orchid native to Central America.
 Livistona halongensis is a species of palm endemic to Ha Long Bay Vietnam. The species was described by T.H.Nguyên and Ruth Kiew in 2000.
 Metatrophis margaretae is a species of plant in the Urticaceae family. It is endemic to French Polynesia.
 Laelia furfuracea is a species of orchid endemic to Mexico (Oaxaca).
 The Chinese Elm Ulmus parvifolia Jacq. cultivar 'Dynasty' is a National Arboretum introduction reputed to be very fast growing.
 Thermopsis montana (False Lupin Golden pea Mountain goldenbanner Mountain thermopsis Revonpapu) is a plant species which is native of the western United States.
 Sophora toromiro commonly known as Toromiro is a species of flowering tree in the legume family Fabaceae that is endemic to Easter Island. Heavy deforestation had eliminated most of the island's forests by the first half of the 17th century (Orliac 2005) and the once common toromiro became rare and ultimately extinct in the wild.
 Eucalyptus umbra known as the Broad-leaved White Mahogany is a common eucalyptus tree of the high rainfall coastal areas of New South Wales and adjacent areas in south eastern Queensland. The bark is rough resembling a stringybark though not as coarse and in flat strips. Thick fibrous bark greyish brown in colour. A small or medium sized tree up to 25 metres tall.
 Sicyos is a flowering plant genus of the family Cucurbitaceae. Members of the genus are commonly known as burr cucumbers.
 Akrosida floribunda is native to the Dominican Republic. It grows as a tree bearing young branches that lose their stellate pubescence with age. Leaves - alternate broadly ovate and palmately seven-veined - bear subtle crenate-dentate teeth and abaxial surfaces colored more palely than their adaxial surfaces. Flowers - arranged in axillary fascicles - bear a gamosepalous but lobed calyx and clawed petals with or without two basal auriculae.
 Magnolia hodgsonii (syn. Talauma hodgsonii) known in Chinese as Gai lie mu is a species of Magnolia native to the forests of the Himalaya and southeastern Asia occurring in Bhutan southwestern China (Xizang) northeastern India northern Myanmar Nepal and Thailand. It grows at moderate altitudes of 850–1500 m with a subtropical climate.It is a small evergreen tree up to 15 m tall. The leaves are obovate-oblong 20–50 cm long and 10–13 cm broad with a leathery texture.
 Grammatophyllum speciosum also called giant orchid tiger orchid sugar cane orchid or queen of the orchids is the world's largest orchid.
 Crataegus coccinea (common name Scarlet Hawthorn) is a species of Hawthorn around which there is considerable confusion because the name has been misapplied for a long time. It has been shown to be the same as C. pedicellata and under the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature that older name (C. coccinea) should be used.
 Callitris canescens is a species of conifer in the Cupressaceae family.It is found only in Australia.
 Thysanoglossa is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Astronidium pallidiflorum is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family. It is endemic to Fiji.
 Harmonia is a genus of plants in the family Asteraceae. All 5 known species are endemic to the Coast Ranges of northern and central California all but H. nutans from serpentine soils.Harmonia is related to Madia commonly known as tarweeds. Harmonia is an annual shrub very often with bristles and sometimes with glandular hairs as well. Hears have a single series of phyllaries subtending 3-8 fertile ray flowers plus 7-30 fertile yellow disc flowers.
 Pteleopsis habeensis is a species of plant in the Combretaceae family. It is found in Ghana Mali and Nigeria.
 Dactyladenia cinerea is a species of plant in the Chrysobalanaceae family. It is endemic to Cameroon. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Acca is a genus of shrubs and small trees in the Myrtaceae family native to South America. There are three species Acca lanuginosa Acca macrostema and Acca sellowiana. Acca sellowiana is cultivated for its edible fruits known as feijoas or pineapple guavas.
 Malpighia proctorii is a species of plant in the Malpighiaceae family. It is endemic to Jamaica. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Astragalus congdonii is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Congdon's milkvetch.
 Platysepalum is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae. It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae.
 Lescaillea is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family Asteraceae.
 Festuca longifolia is a species of grass which is native to Channel Islands and Southern Devon. It was described by Auquier in 1977.
 Chikku Chikku (Hypochaeris sessiliflora) is a terrestrial herb of high Andean forest to high altitude páramo (2500–4500 m).
 Annona atabapensis is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is endemic to Venezuela.
 Casearia tinifolia was a species of plant in the Salicaceae family. It was endemic to Mauritius.
 Glandularia (common name mock vervain or mock verbena) is a genus of annual and perennial herbaceous flowering plants in the family Verbenaceae. They are native to the Americas.Closely related to the true vervains and sometimes still included with them in Verbena horizontal chloroplast transfer occurred at least twice and possibly three times between these genera which are otherwise rather too distinct to warrant unification.
 Chaetosciadium trichospermum is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae the only species of the genus Chaetosciadium. It is endemic to Southwest Asia and northern Africa.
 Calophyllum caudatum is a species of flowering plant in the Calophyllaceae family.It is found only in West Papua in Indonesia.
 Utricularia buntingiana is a small epiphytic perennial carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia. U. buntingiana is endemic to Venezuela where it is only known from a few locations: the type location in Henri Pittier National Park one collection on the Paraguaná Peninsula and a few others from Falcón. It was originally published and described by Peter Taylor in 1975.
 Pseudocentrum is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Dendromecon harfordii known by the common names Channel Islands tree poppy and Harford's tree poppy is a species of flowering plant in the poppy family. It was formerly treated as subspecies of the related species Dendromecon rigida and had the botanical name Dendromecon rigida subsp. harfordii.
 Salvia anastomosans is a plant species native to the State of Oaxaca in southern Mexico. Type specimen was collected in Teposcolula District near Tamazulapán at an elevation of approximately 2250 m (7500 feet).Salvia anastomosans is a branching shrub up to 2 m (80 inches) tall. Much of the shoot is covered with small branching hairs. Leaf blades are narrowly oblong up to 4 cm (1.6 inches) long.
 Lupinus leucophyllus is a species of lupine known by the common name velvet lupine. It is native to western North America where it grows in many types of mountain prairie and plateau habitat. It is a robust branching erect perennial herb growing up to 90 centimetres (35 in) tall. Each palmate leaf is divided into 7 to 11 leaflets up to 7 centimetres (2.8 in) long. The herbage is coated in white woolly fibers and stiff hairs.
 Carex humilis (also known as dwarf sedge) is a species of sedge that can be found in Western Europe.
 Aechmea poitaei is a species of the genus Aechmea. This species is native to Ecuador.
 Faujasia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
 Bryophyllum pinnatum also known as the Air Plant Life Plant Miracle Leaf and Goethe Plant is a succulent plant native to Madagascar which is a popular houseplant and has become naturalized in temperate regions of Asia the Pacific and Caribbean. It is distinctive for the profusion of miniature plantlets that form on the margins of its leaves a trait it has in common with the other members of the genus Bryophyllum.
 Bulbophyllum birmense is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Tapirira chimalapana is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family. It is endemic to to the Uxpanapa-Chimalapa area of eastern Mexico in the states of Oaxaca and Veracruz.
 Glebionis is a small genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae native to Europe and the Mediterranean region. The species were formerly treated in the genus Chrysanthemum but a recent ruling of the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature has resulted in that genus being redefined to cover the species related to the economically important florist's chrysanthemum thereby excluding these species.Selected speciesGlebionis carinata (syn.
 Antirrhinum kelloggii (syn. Neogaerrhinum strictum) is a species of New World snapdragon known by the common name Kellogg's snapdragon. It is native to the coastal hills and mountain ranges of California and Baja California. It grows in many local plant communities especially in areas that have recently burned. This is a thin sprawling annual herb which sometimes becomes vine-like climbing nearby objects or other plants.
 Geissois benthamiana is a species of rainforest trees growing naturally in north–eastern New South Wales and south–eastern Queensland (mid. eastern coastal region) Australia. They have common names including Red Carabeen Leather Jacket Brush Mahogany Red Bean Pink Marara and Brush Mararie
 Kotchubaea is a genus of plant in family Rubiaceae. It contains the following species (but this list may be incomplete): Kotchubaea insignis Kotchubaea neblinensis Kotchubaea montana Steyerm.
 Melica amethystina is a grass species in the grass family that can be found in southern Europe.
 Bulbophyllum sarcophylloides is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Shorea palembanica (also called Light Red Meranti) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cyperus laevigatus is a species of sedge known by the common name smooth flatsedge.
 Passiflora foetida (common names: wild maracuja bush passion fruit marya-marya wild water lemon stinking passionflower love-in-a-mist or running pop) is a species of passion flower that is native to the southwestern United States (southern Texas and Arizona) Mexico the Caribbean Central America and much of South America. It has been introduced to tropical regions around the world such as Southeast Asia and Hawaii.
 Stenocarpus sinuatus known as the Firewheel Tree is an Australian rainforest tree in the Protea family. The range of natural distribution is in various rainforest types from the Nambucca River (30° S) in New South Wales to the Atherton Tableland (17° S) in tropical Queensland.
 Lomatium cuspidatum is a perennial herb of the family Apiaceae native in the U.S. state of Washington.
 Werauhia singuliflora is a species of the genus Werauhia. This species is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Guarea juglandiformis is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family. It is found in Brazil and Peru.
 Almaleea is a genus of perennial shrubs from the legume family Fabaceae native to Australia.
 Bulbophyllum elodeiflorum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Carex petasata is a species of sedge known by the common name Liddon sedge.
 Mastixiodendron plectocarpum is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Momordica foetida is a perennial climbing vine native of tropical Africa closely related to the bitter melon (M. charantia) and balsam apple (M. balsamina). Its species name (bad-smelling) refers to its unpleasant smell. It was previously named M. morkorra (A. Rich) and M. cordata (Cogn.)The plant grows in forest edges and similar habitats (including disturbed and cultivated land) woodland and wooded grassland.
 Ammi visnaga is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by many common names including bisnaga toothpickweed and khella. It is native to Europe Asia and North Africa but it can be found throughout the world as an introduced species. This is an annual or biennial herb growing from a taproot erect to a maximum height near 80 centimeters.
 Euphorbia prostrata is a species of euphorb known by the common name prostrate sandmat. It is native to the West Indies and certain parts of South America but it is widely naturalized in many other parts of the world where it can be found in varied habitat types and in many areas grows as a roadside weed. This is an annual herb producing slender prostrate stems up to about 20 centimeters long sometimes purple-tinted in color.
 Persoonia nutans or Nodding Geebung is a rare shrub native to New South Wales in eastern Australia. It is one of many species first described by Robert Brown. collected 'near Richmond and the Nepean River' in 1802.It is an attractive erect to spreading shrub to 1.5m tall with hairy young branches with narrow leaves about 30 x 1.5mm flat but with recurved margins.
 Calotropis procera (known by the common names apple of Sodom Sodom apple mudar or osher or stabragh) is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family Apocynaceae that is native to North Africa Tropical Africa Western Asia South Asia and Indochina. It is commonly known as apple of Sodom a name derived from the Hebrew Tapuah Sdom. The green globes are hollow but the flesh contains a toxic milky sap that is extremely bitter and turns into a gluey coating resistant to soap.
 Leaoa is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family Orchidaceae.
 Ravenea rivularis is an endangered species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.The extremely elegant fast-growing majesty palm has upward-arching leaves that are divided into long thin fingers. It makes a fine conservatory feature plant but make sure the roof is high enough because in the right conditions it can get quite tall. Relatively easy to grow it tolerates low light and cool conditions but needs decent summer humidity- a dry atmosphere can be fatal.
 Osmunda is a genus of primarily temperate-zone ferns of family Osmundaceae. Five to ten species have been listed for this genus. The species have completely dimorphic fronds or pinnae (hemidimorphic) green photosynthetic sterile fronds and non-photosynthetic spore-bearing fertile pinnae with large naked sporangia.
 Ficus pallida is a species of plant in the Moraceae family. It is found in Brazil and Colombia.
 Kalanchoe marmorata (penwiper) is a species of flowering plant in the family Crassulaceae native to Central and West Africa from Zaire to Ethiopia Sudan and Somalia. It is an erect or decumbent succulent perennial growing to 40 cm (16 in) tall and wide with glaucous leaves spotted with purple and starry white four-petalled flowers sometimes tinged with pink in spring.
 Vachellia karroo also known as the Sweet Thorn is a species of Vachellia native to southern Africa from southern Angola east to Mozambique and south to South Africa.It is a shrub or small to medium-sized tree which grows to height of 12m. It is difficult to tell apart from Vachellia nilotica subsp. adstringens without examining the seed pods.
 Cattleya /ˈkætliːə/ is a genus of 113 species of orchids from Costa Rica to tropical South America. The genus was named in 1824 by John Lindley after Sir William Cattley who received and was the first to bloom a specimen of Cattleya labiata. William Swainson had discovered the new plant in Pernambuco Brazil in 1817 and shipped to the Glasgow Botanic Gardens for identification.
 Calceolaria brachiata is a species of plant in the Calceolariaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador.
 Ulmus canescens Melville is a small deciduous tree occasionally known by the common names Grey Elm Grey-leafed Elm and Hoary Elm. Its natural range extends through the lands of the central and eastern Mediterranean from southern Italy the islands of Sicily Malta Crete Rhodes and Cyprus to Turkey and as far south as Israel where it is now considered rare and endangered [1].
 Buddleja incana (kiswar in Quechua kiswara in Aymara hispanicized spellings quishuar quisoar quisuar names which are also applied for other Buddleja species however) is endemic to Bolivia Peru Ecuador and Colombia growing in canyon bottoms along streams at elevations of 2700 – 4500 m. The species was first named and described by Ruiz and Pavon in 1798.
 Salvia caespitosa is a herbaceous perennial native to rocky limestone and volcanic slopes at 4600-7900 ft elevation in central and southern Anatolia. It has been grown in horticulture since the 1950s typically in rock gardens due to its dwarf mat-growing habit. Caespitosa refers to its habit of growing in dense clumps or tufts with divided leafs and stems that grow in bunches rather than being evenly spaced.
 Hedeoma is a genus of flowering plants in the mint family Lamiaceae. It consists of around 38 species that are native to North and South America. They are commonly known as false pennyroyals. The genus name is derived from the Greek words ἡδύς (hedys) meaning sweet and ὀσμή (osme) meaning odour. It refers to the scent of the leaves. Hedeoma patens M.E. Jones (common name oregano chiquito) is used by natives of northwestern Mexico to flavor various food items.
 Banksia integrifolia subsp. monticola commonly known as White Mountain Banksia is a subspecies of Banksia integrifolia. Described in 1994 it occurs in the Blue Mountains and in northern New South Wales. It contains the largest recorded Banksia trees.
 Actinidia deliciosa Fuzzy Kiwifruit or mangüeyo is a fruiting vine native to southern China the fruit of which has been declared the national fruit of that country. Other species of Actinidia are also found in China and range east to Japan and north into southeastern Siberia. This species grows naturally at altitudes between 600 and 2000 m.
 Grevillea pilosa is a low growing shrub which is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It grows to between 0.4 and 1 metre in height and produce red or pink flowers between June and December (early winter to early summer) in its native range.The species was first formally described by botanist Alex George in 1966 in The Western Australian Naturalist.Currently there are two recognised subspecies:Grevillea pilosa subsp. redacta Olde & MarriottGrevillea pilosa A.S.George subsp.
 Paphinia benzingii is a species of orchid endemic to Esmeraldas Province of Ecuador.The classification of this species was published by Calaway H. Dodson & Tilman Neudecker in Die Orchidee. Hamburg-Othmarschen & Hamburg 41: 233 figs. 190. Paphinia benzingii is distributed through the Esmeraldas (Ecuador Western South America Southern America). It was originally collected in Ecuador at an altitude of about 750m.
 Bulbophyllum variabile is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
 Pilea fontana is an herbaceous plant which is very similar to Pilea pumila (both occupying an almost identical range covering most of North America east of the Rocky Mountains). They can be distinguished by the appearance of the mature achenes.
 Bactris simplicifrons is a small (0.5–2 m tall 0.3–1 cm in diameter) palm which is found in Trinidad and Tobago Guyana Suriname French Guiana Brazil Colombia Ecuador Peru and Bolivia.Unlike most other species of Bactris B. simplicifrons is usually non-spiny or only spiny along the leaf margins. It also tends to have simple rather than compound leaves.
 Puya penduliflora is a species of the genus Puya. This species is endemic to Bolivia.
 Consolida regalis with the common names Forking Larkspur Rocket-larkspur and Field larkspur is an annual herbaceous plant belonging to the genus Consolida of the buttercup family (Ranunculaceae).
 Kurzia sinensis is a species of liverwort in the Lepidoziaceae family. It is endemic to China. Its natural habitat is temperate forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Phoenix loureiroi (common name mountain date palm) is a species of flowering plant in the palm family indigenous to southern Asia from the southern islands of the Philippines India southern Bhutan Burma Thailand Cambodia Vietnam Malaysia Pakistan and China.
 Guioa acutifolia is an evergreen tree from New Guinea and coastal areas of eastern Queensland in Australia. Common names include glossy tamarind northern guioa and sharp-leaf guioa. It grows up to 20 metres high and has smooth grey bark on its trunk which may be up to 15 cm wide.
 Arabis glabra or tower mustard is a tall slim grey-green plant with small creamy flowers at the top of the stem. It usually grows on poor chalky or sandy soils in open situations. It is native to Europe Asia and North Africa and it is widespread in North America where it is also probably native.
 Galium trifidum is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name threepetal bedstraw. It is native to most of northern and western North America from Alaska eastern Canada to Mexico where it grows in moist habitat. It is a usually perennial herb forming tangles of thin stems up to half a meter long ringed with whorls of several linear to oval leaves.
 Brodiaea elegans is a species of flowering plant in the cluster-lily genus known by the common names harvest brodiaea elegant brodiaea and elegant cluster-lily. The bulb is native to the mountain ranges of California and Oregon where it grows in woodlands and meadows.
 Jacobaea aquatica or Senecio aquaticus marsh ragwort is a plant of the Asteraceae family. It is a perennial or biennial plant: young plants form a rosette near the ground eventually producing a taller flowering shoot with many bright yellow flower heads each with prominent ray florets. It grows in damp grazed grassland especially where there has been some disturbance.
 Juncus acutus or spiny rush sharp rush or sharp-pointed rush is of the monocot family Juncaceae and genus Juncus. It grows in salt marshesand on dunesand is reliable for reducing erosion ratesyet in some countries like Australia it is considered to be an invasive weedand the spines harmful to young children.
 Salix purpurea (purple willow or purple osier) is a species of willow native to most of Europe and western Asia north to the British Isles Poland and the Baltic States.It is a deciduous shrub growing to 1-3 m (rarely to 5 m) tall with purple-brown to yellow-brown shoots turning pale grey on old stems.
